Belgium 's plan to wash its dead down the drain : Bodies would be dissolved in caustic solution ... and flushed into the sewer
It could hardly be said to be the most dignified of send - offs .
Undertakers in Belgium plan to eschew traditional burials and cremations and start dissolving corpses instead .
The move is intended to tackle a lack of burial space and environmental concerns as 573lbs of carbon dioxide are released by each cremated corpse .
The EU is considering proposals from Belgian undertakers to be allowed to dissolve dead bodies in caustic solutions
Under the process , known as resomation , bodies are treated in a steel chamber with potassium hydroxide at high pressure and a temperature of 180c ( 350f ) .
The raised pressure and temperature means the body reaches a similar end point as in standard cremation — just bones left to be crushed up — in two to three hours .
Six states in America have passed legislation to allow resomation and the Scottish company behind the technology says it is in talks to allow the process in the UK .
Although the ashes can be recycled in waste systems , the residue from the process can also be put in urns and handed over to relatives of the dead like normal ashes from crematorium farewells .
Resomation Ltd was formed in east Glasgow in 2007 and has been in talks with the UK government about using the technology in Britain .
The company says on its website : ' The process needs to be approved in each country and / or state before resomation can take place .
' In the UK discussions have already been held with the relevant Ministers and departments within Whitehall in order to progress the use of resomation in the UK .
' Elsewhere across the globe this is a work in progress . '
Sandy Sullivan , founder of The Resomation Company said : ' Resomation offers a new , innovative approach which uses less energy and emits significantly less greenhouse gasses than cremation .
' I am getting a lot of requests from families and we hope it will become legal in Scotland within the year .
' Burial space is running out and I have had lots of people contact me whose loved ones have chosen resomation .
' It 's a highly sensitive subject but I think the public are ready for it . '
The name ‘ Resomation ’ comes from the Greek word ‘ Resoma ’ meaning rebirth of the human body .
Members of the EU Commission must rule on the Belgian proposal as there are concerns that residual waste could be flushed into the drainage system .
Belgian undertakers hope to have the greenlight within three months .
In resomation the body is placed in a silk bag , itself placed within a metal cage frame .
This is then loaded into a Resomator .
The machine is filled with a mixture of water and potassium hydroxide .
The end result is a small quantity of green - brown tinted liquid containing amino acids , peptides , sugars and salts and soft , porous white bone remains which are easily crushed .
The white ash can then be returned to the next of kin of the deceased .
The liquid can be recycled back to the ecosystem by being applied to a memorial garden or forest or simply put into the sewerage system .
( Newser ) – With the Proposition 8 trial entering its final stages in California , backers of the gay marriage ban are asking the judge to revoke all state recognition of the 18,000 gay couples who got married in the brief time it was legal .
Doing so would honor “ the expressed will of the people , ” they argue in the court filing .
The conservatives are n’t asking the judge to annul the marriages , their lawyer tells the San Francisco Chronicle , only to rule that government agencies and businesses no longer have to recognize them .
Today the judge will hear final arguments in the case , in which gay rights advocates are suing to overturn the ban as unconstitutional .
A ruling is expected in weeks , followed by a probable appeal to the Supreme Court within 2 years .
( Read more Prop 8 stories . )
Fayetteville Divorce , Family Law & Personal Injury Lawyer
Fayetteville Divorce Lawyer and Family Law Attorney , Angela Hatley , was voted and awarded Fayetteville ’s Best Lawyer Award from the 2014 Fayetteville Observer ’s Readers ’ Choice Awards , and the 2015 & 2016 Client Satisfaction Award from the American Institute of Family Law Attorneys , for her 20 years of successful family law practice and divorce law experience .
Angela Hatley represents both Fayetteville and the military in cases such as divorce , child custody and child support , marital property division , medical malpractice , social security disability and more .
Angela is an expert at providing support to her clients and skillfully educating them in how to best approach their unique situation .
Her clients receive comprehensive , compassionate and cutting - edge service while she fights relentlessly to protect her clients ’ interests and achieve the best outcomes .
The Hatley Law Firm also provides 24/7 Client Access using a private and secure portal through their website .
The Client Login provides a private way for Hatley Law Firm to communicate with their clients about sensitive and privileged information without sending it to an unsecure email and possibly falling into the wrong hands .
Clients receive real - time notifications and can view the progress of their case at any time .
Angela Hatley represents clients in Cumberland County as well as the North Carolina cities of Fayetteville , Fort Bragg , Stedman , Spring Lake and Eastover .
Contact The Hatley Law Firm today and secure the dedicated and skillful legal support you need .
Click HERE to see our Frequently Asked Questions about divorce .
“ I ca n’t say enough about what a hardworking and dedicated lawyer Angela Hatley is .
She actually listened to what I had to say , helped form a strategy to reach my goals and quickly acted on my behalf .
I did n’t feel like I was just ‘ another case ’ to her .
Instead , she treated my case as unique and fought aggressively for my rights .
I would recommend Angela Hatley to anyone who needs an excellent lawyer that is well - respected in the courts and recognized as one of the best in the area . ”
- Client
Click here to read more testimonials
Chemicals present in two rivers in southern Alberta are likely the cause of the feminization of fish say researchers at the University of Calgary who have published results of their study in the journal Environmental Toxicology and Chemistry .
" What is unique about our study is the huge geographical area we covered .
We found that chemicals -- man-made and naturally occurring -- that have the potential to harm fish were present along approximately 600 km of river , " says paper co-author Lee Jackson , executive director of Advancing Canadian Wastewater Assets , a research facility that develops and tests new approaches for treating wastewater which will be located at the City of Calgary 's new Pine Creek Wastewater Treatment Centre .
" The situation for native fish will likely get worse as the concentration of organic contaminants will become more concentrated as a response to climate change and the increase in human and animal populations , " adds Jackson .
The study focused on two rivers in the South Saskatchewan River Basin : The Red Deer and Oldman rivers , located in southern Alberta , Canada .
The water was analyzed for more than two dozen organic contaminants , many with hormone - like activity , commonly found in wastewater or rivers impacted by human and agricultural activity .
Compounds detected in the water included synthetic estrogens ( birth control pill compounds and hormone therapy drugs ) ; bisphenol A , a chemical used in making plastics ; and certain types of natural and synthetic steroids that are byproducts of agricultural run-off and cattle farming .
Researchers tested a native minnow , longnose dace ( Rhinichthys cataractae ) , and found that at nearly every site , 14 out of 15 locations , males showed elevated levels of a protein , hepatic vitellogenin , which is normally only found in the blood of females and is used by females to produce eggs .
Co-author Hamid Habibi says the results downstream of two communities are striking .
" Most notably , we saw a significant increase in a specific protein marker for the presence of compounds with estrogen - like activity in areas downstream , south of Fort Macleod and Lethbridge .
Our results showed females make up 85 per cent of the population of longnose dace .
In the upstream locations , females comprise 55 per cent of the population , " says Habibi , who is also the director of the newly established Institute of Environmental Toxicology at the University of Calgary .
This study is part of a larger research project by Habibi and Jackson , professors in the Department of Biological Sciences , who are studying the impact of environmental contaminants with hormone - like activity in Southern Alberta rivers and lakes .
A young , glittering collection of stars looks like an aerial burst .
The cluster is surrounded by clouds of interstellar gas and dust — the raw material for new star formation .
The nebula , located 20,000 light - years away in the constellation Carina , contains a central cluster of huge , hot stars , called NGC 3603 .
Ayoung , glittering collection of stars has been caught in the act of a dazzling celestialfireworks show , in a newly released photo taken by the Hubble Space Telescope .
The new Hubble space photo , which shows a nebula 20,000 light - years away in the constellation Carina , contains a central cluster of huge , hot stars called NGC 3603 .
Thisstar cluster is surrounded by clouds of interstellar gas and dust ?
the rawmaterials needed to form new stars .
Whilethe stunning photo may look serene , the environment is actually quite volatile .
Ultraviolet radiation and violent stellar winds have blown an enormous cavityin the bubble of gas and dust that envelopes the cluster .
Coincidentally , thisgives Hubble an unobstructed view of the star cluster 's heart .
The Hubble science team released the photo Tuesday , though it was actually takenduring several observations between August and December of last year .
Starclusters like NGC 3603 provide crucial information that helps astronomersunderstand the origin of massive star formation in the early , distant universe .
Mostof the stars in this cluster were born around the same time , but they differ insize , mass , temperature and color .
Sincethe course of a star 's life is determined by its mass , star clusters of a givenage allow detailed analyses of stellar life cycles , as they contain stars invarious stages of their lives .
NGC3603 also contains some of the most massive stars known .
These stars live fastand die young , rapidly burning through their hydrogen fuel and ultimatelyending their lives in spectacular supernova explosions .
Astronomerscan also use massive star clusters to study distant starbursts that occur when galaxies collide .
These cosmic impacts set off aflurry of star formation .
The proximity of NGC 3603 makes it an interestingcase study for examining such distant and momentous events .
Theimage of NGC 3603 was captured by Hubble in August 2009 and December 2009 withthe telescope 's Wide Field Camera 3 in both visible and infrared light .
The HubbleSpace Telescope has been observing the universe for 20 years .
It waslaunched in 1990 aboard a NASA space shuttle and been overhauled several timesby astronauts on later flights .
This week on Skepticality , Swoopy talks with Professor Oren Harman , author of The Price of Altruism : George Price and the Search for the Origins of Kindness .
Both a history of the study of social evolution and a biography of George R. Price , this book explores a life which would become an illuminating experiment in altruism and lead to the development of the Price equation ( a mathematical equation used to study genetic evolution ) .
From “ survival of the fittest ” to “ the selfish gene , ” familiar evolutionary themes advocate an amoral viewpoint that favors the individual .
And yet , evolutionary biologists have uncovered countless examples of altruism in animals and humans — and learned that there is an evolutionary component to these selfless behaviors which can be quantified .
David Eller was born a skeptic and freethinker and never saw any reason to change .
He is a cultural anthropologist in Denver , Colorado , and has published numerous articles on anthropology and on rationalist / freethought topics .
He and has written textbooks on violence and culture , religion and culture and culture and culture .
He is the author of From Culture to Ethnicity to Conflict , Natural Atheism , and Atheism Advanced : Further Thoughts of a Freethinker .
Macroevolution & Microcreationism
Another Flaw in Intelligent Design Creationism
by David Eller
A STANDARD TACTIC USED by creationists to attack evolution is to contrast microevolution ( i.e. , within species evolution , which they accept ) with macroevolution ( i.e. , between species evolution , which they adamantly reject ) .
Microevolution , they grant , may or does occur .
But they assert that macroevolution either has never been observed or is theoretically impossible .
They argue that while microevolution may be true , it is trivial , and the major claim of evolution — the evolution and emergence of species — is either unsubstantiated or false .
This failure to account for macrophenomena , such as human life , the earth , or the universe , then serves as an opportunity to suggest that creation is the only plausible alternative for the origin of life .
This conclusion suffers from the fallacy of the excluded middle or false dilemma ( just because B is false does not make A true ) .
But ironically the “ success ” of the “ scientific ” creationist enterprise , particularly its most recent and “ serious ” incarnation — Intelligent Design ( ID ) — has itself up to this point rested on claims regarding a few minor fragmentary subspecies processes rather than the macroprocesses that it is so keen to deny to evolution .
I argue in this article that creationism faces its own micro / macro distinction and challenge , and that ID has so far only focused on and made claims about microprocesses .
Finally , I posit that whatever achievements microcreation may have made or may have imagined it made , these achievements neither strengthen the case for macrocreation nor weaken the case for macroevolution .
Microevolution and Macrocreation
The modern synthesis of evolutionary theory aims to be a “ complete ” theory .
It postulates processes that function at the subspecies as well as the species levels and uniformly throughout the living world .
The details may vary , but biochemical systems , species , and living systems as a whole evolve by way of natural processes .
Finally , most if not all of these processes — mutation , natural selection , genetic drift , symbiosis , etc. — have been identified and described .
Even within evolutionary theory the distinction between “ micro ” changes and “ macro ” changes is widely accepted .
In the simplest sense , microevolution is modification within a species .
It is the ( relatively ) minor variation or development that leads to , say , different colors of a species of moth or different strains of a species of bacteria .
Darwin himself said as much when he described “ descent with modification ” as the gradual accumulation of novelty and diversity .
Prior to passing a “ critical mass ” of accumulated modification , evolution will be intraspecies .
However , at a certain point , a threshold would be crossed , and the accumulated novelty would result in a transition between species , the emergence of a new species out of an old one — that is , speciation .
Even more , at a still higher level , a threshold would have to be crossed to move from an entire order or class or ultimately kingdom of species : at some point , primates must diverge from mammals , mammals from reptiles , and even animals from plants .
Granted , this accomplishment would take many , many generations , so we would not expect to observe it happening before our eyes , unlike microevolution , which is often observable over a few generations of a species and within the lifetime of a human observer .
Still , if macroevolution actually occurs , it ought to leave some traces , particularly “ transitional forms , ” that link primates to other mammals , mammals to reptiles , and animals to plants .
Creationism is more difficult to pin down , since there are so many differing and even conflicting versions of it .
Some claim that one or more supernatural beings brought all of the variety of the universe into existence at one time with a word or thought .
Others claim that creation has been a more “ ongoing ” phenomenon , with a creator working through physical or natural processes to achieve the conditions existing today .
Some think it was all a recent accomplishment , some an ancient one .
Some assert specific knowledge of the creation , others offer only the suggestion that there is / was a creation .
No matter what the details , creationism also purports to be a complete explanation .
In fact , whether or not it purports to be , it is obligated to be , since no theory can leave key facts and processes unaccounted for .
Of the available creationisms , the one that most seeks and claims scientific respectability is ID .
It consists of an assortment of scholarly activities , some “ logical ” or polemical ( essentially , trying to discredit evolutionary theory ) and some “ empirical ” or evidential .
Among the evidential work of the movement , perhaps Michael Behe ’s Darwin ’s Black Box1 best represents what “ creation science ” looks like .
In this book , Behe describes , in fairly technical terminology , certain biological systems , including the flagella of protists , the human eye , and the blood - clotting system , and argues that they reveal an extremely ordered and “ purposive ” nature .
Each system is assembled from myriad parts that individually would have no useful function but which , together in specific ways , have an invaluable function .
Thus , these systems evince an “ irreducible complexity ” that did not ( and could not ) evolve unintentionally .
The parts of the system had to have been purposefully , that is intelligently , designed with their end — their combination and function — in mind .
Behe ’s work , and , as far as I know , the subsequent work of ID , does not make any explicit empirical claims about large - scale design .
For instance , Behe certainly does not claim in Darwin ’s Black Box that humans were intelligently designed or that the Earth or the Universe was so designed .
There are , of course , other researchers at work , some associated with the ID movement , who attempt to extend the design notion .
Those who advance the “ anthropic principle , ” 2 especially in its “ strong version , ” insist that the universe itself shows such complex , unlikely , and purposive qualities that it must have been designed by some non-immanent intelligence as well .
This would definitely constitute a “ macrocreationist ” view .
A scientific creationist account of the appearance of the human species or of any ( and all ) other species would also necessarily be macrocreationism .
However , Behe and most of the effort of the ID movement is not directed at this level or about these questions .
They focus on subspecies , microlevel phenomena , like flagella and eyes .
Such explanations constitute a kind of microcreationism — claims about how lower - level , intraspecies systems or parts of systems came into being .
Microcreation , then , is entirely comparable to microevolution .
But neither is a sufficient theory by itself .
Evolution demands macroevolution and creationism demands macrocreationism .
Before we proceed to ask whether microcreation supports macrocreation ( and refutes macroevolution ) , let us ask another question : since creationism of whatever sort intends to displace and supercede evolution , why would it give credence to microevolution , which might provide grounds for macroevolution ?
Why tolerate any level of evolution ?
One possible answer is that ID creationists see microevolution as no threat to their program .
As long as the “ basic ” or “ fundamental ” or “ irreducible ” qualities are set in motion — something that IDers stipulate could not have happened through “ blind ” and “ dumb ” processes — then tinkering of the microevolutionary sort is permissible .
In other words , an intelligent designer is necessary to design the eye , but once designed , the eye could microevolve into diverse versions .
A more likely answer , however , is that ID creationists do not deny microevolution because they cannot deny it .
It is perfectly obvious and incontrovertible that it happens .
We see variations in traits , even wholly new traits , emerge in existing species routinely and ordinarily .
Bacteria and viruses ( micro - ) evolve new drug - resistant strains .
Insects ( micro - ) evolve into new types .
We humans have even artificially ( micro - ) evolved dogs and cats , for instance , into a plethora of different breeds , and with genetic technologies we stand on the verge — or have crossed the verge — of ( micro - ) evolving all kinds of plants and animals .
It would require a suicidal degree of stupidity to deny that microevolution happens rather often and easily .
Scientific creationists insist , however , that such events have nothing to do with and lend no credence to macroevolution .
Is Microcreation An Effective Argument ?
It is plain to see that ID theory and research is a kind of microcreationist project , on a par with microevolution .
Both are interesting programs , but neither addresses the bigger and ultimately unavoidable questions .
Still , no doubt microcreation is meant to pave the way for macrocreation , in the same manner that microevolution is an incremental step in macroevolution .
The two questions for us are , then : ( 1 ) Does microcreation make the case for macrocreation stronger , and ( 2 ) Does microcreation make the case for macroevolution weaker ?
Unfortunately for the ID enthusiasts , both answers are no .
It is , in the end , an ineffective argument , even if it were to prove true .
Why does microcreation not strengthen the case for macrocreation ?
First and foremost , macrocreation is at best an analogy or extrapolation of microcreation and at worst an erroneous misapplication of it — an instance of the fallacy of composition .
This well - known fallacy states that you should not ascribe a characteristic to a whole object simply because it is ascribed to part of the object .
The same might be contended about microevolution , but it really cannot be , as we will see below .
One of the many serious charges against microcreation is that it does not offer any specific mechanisms for the creation process .
If a flagellum or an eye or a clotting system is designed , how is it designed ?
A claim is not scientific or theoretical merely by taking factual topics as its subject ; a scientific or theoretical answer must suggest some mechanisms or means by which those facts came about .
Just saying , “ It is designed ” says nothing .
What are the steps in the design process ?
How is that design implemented into real physical matter ?
If such questions cannot be answered at the microcreation level , then it is useless as a premise for the macrocreation level .
Related to the question of design method is the question of designer : who or what is this designer ?
ID theorists cannot evade the fact that a specific intelligent entity is being posited as the solution to what they consider otherwise insurmountable problems ; “ mindless ” natural processes cannot account for the results , so there must be a mindful processor .
But again , this is a nonanswer without more content .
Admittedly , Behe speculates about a creator , supposing that it might be an alien life form or an interdimensional being , or even the conventional idea of a god .
However , speculation is not knowledge , and the answer — whatever answer — ID settles upon , it faces another even more vexing question : where did that designer come from ?
If all irreducibly complex phenomena have a creator , and the creator is him / itself irreducibly complex , then he / it must have a creator , ad infinitum .
Having not solved this problem ( in fact , having probably started an insoluble problem ) , they cannot extrapolate a solution from micro to macro .
Finally , while microcreation might solve one microproblem — that is , the explanation of “ function ” or “ purpose ” at the micro level — it says nothing and can say nothing about the issue of macrofunction or macropurpose .
Okay , let us grant that the purpose of all the irreducibly complex parts of a flagellum is the motility of a protist , and some intelligence has created and assembled the parts for that function .
What is the purpose of the protist ?
A single - celled life form is indisputably complex , but what is it for ?
Design without purpose is irrational ; designed has to mean not only “ designed by ” but “ designed for . ”
Let us grant that the human eye is designed for the purpose of vision in a human being .
What is the purpose of vision ?
What is the purpose of the human being ?
Similarly , what is the purpose of a mosquito , a planet , or a universe ?
At the macro level , purpose seems to escape , even if it is detectable at the micro level .
I suppose it might be possible to conclude that an intelligence designed the flagellum and then left it for protists to exploit , or that he / it designed the eye and then left it for humans to exploit , but I am sure that this is not where macrocreationists want to end up , and it also seems ultimately absurd .
You cannot leave flagella and eyes lying about and expect anything interesting to happen to them .
So it seems that even if we grant the microcreationists their claims ( and we do not ) , this does not aid macrocreationist claims one bit .
Let us then consider our other question : does microcreation decrease the likelihood or sensibleness of macroevolution ?
Again , the answer is no .
First , microcreation does not refute microevolution and may in fact depend on it ; perhaps a designer designed the first flagellum or eye , but unless he , she or it was very industrious , each particular instantiation of a flagellum or eye was not independently created .
That is , even if we grant that “ the eye ” ( the basic blueprint or plan for an eye ) was designed , that does not mean — and I do n’t think that microcreationists want to insist — that the human eye was designed independently of the cat eye independently of the fish eye independently of the bird eye , etc .
So they could allow and probably must allow that , having set the “ model ” or “ blueprint ” in motion , the designer could or did step back and let microevolutionary processes run .
Also , as we said , creationists cannot deny microevolution , unless they want to maintain that every time a new strain of virus evolves it is really the designer stepping back in to redesign his creation .
While possible to imagine , it is hard to believe and impossible to prove , and it still raises the objection : why would a beneficent designer keep improving his pests ?
The really damaging aspect of the creationist tolerance of microevolution , though , is this : microevolution has a mechanism .
Even the most hardheaded creationist who accepts the reality of microevolution must admit that it operates by natural processes such as natural selection , genetic drift , mutation , symbiosis , preferential selection , and the like .
However , having allowed these processes into the world , there is no way to restrict their scope .
If these processes can effect minor , or at least intraspecies modification over remarkably short time spans , there is no reason in principle why these same processes could not effect major modification , i.e. , speciation , over remarkably long time spans .
Further , since microevolution does not depend on a problematic concept like ( micro ) purpose , there is no demand that macroevolution satisfy any ( macro - ) purpose qualifications .
Evolution , from Darwin on , relies strictly on “ blind ” or non-teleological forces , and ones which work equally well at the micro and macro levels .
That is why we stated at the outset that evolution is a complete theory : it encompasses both micro and macro variation and emergence under exactly the same mechanisms .
It does not need ( although it might with effort be made consonant with ) any ancillary or external forces or factors .
In other words , microevolution is the same thing as macroevolution in every important sense , and microcreation does not and cannot change that fact .
In reality , it is a much larger leap from microcreation to macrocreation than it is from microevolution to macroevolution .
One last objection that some anti-evolutionists might raise is that the “ transitional forms ” that we predict do not exist .
They contend this weakens , if not falsifies , the case for evolution .
The response to this charge is three - fold .
First , a great number of transitional forms have been discovered , and it is disingenuous of critics to keep demanding “ missing links ” when links are provided ; it is always possible to say , “ OK , you found a link between 1 and 2 , namely 11/2 , but what is the missing link between 1 and 11/2 ? ”
This reductio ad absurdum must be resisted , and creationists must be compelled to explain when they would be satisfied with the intermediate evidence .
My fear is that they never will be .
Second , critics of evolution must concede that evolutionary research has not been going on all that long , and that the limitations of fossilization and excavation make discovery of any forms , transitional or not , a tricky affair .
Some evolutionists have even suggested that the periods of transition may have been relatively short and abrupt ( the notion of “ punctuated equilibrium ” ) , a sudden mass speciation something akin to the sudden mass extinctions at the end of the Permian and the Cretaceous periods .
If this is the case , then transitional forms would be the least likely to be unearthed today .
Some respond that this is an opportunistic solution to a serious problem , and it may be , or it may be an accurate solution to the problem .
Third and finally , the demand for transitional forms is a double - edged sword for creationists .
Adversaries of creationism might with justification ask for evidence of transitional designs .
This evidence might consist of either designs that are in between other designs ( i.e. , the transitional eye between a human and cat or a human and reptile ) or that are “ under development ” or unfinished ( i.e. , the blueprint for an eye or an eye “ in progress ” ) .
Since I have never heard of any such evidence , nor have I heard a microcreationist speak of such evidence , I conclude that it does not exist .
Of course , they might respond that the designer is not only intelligent but perfect , so he , she or it does not make in - between or unfinished designs , but this is an additional postulated quality of the designer that itself must be proved , and the claim is at least as opportunistic as any punctuated equilibrium theory that evolutionists have ever advanced .
Conclusion : The Failure of Microcreation
Microcreation fails in every regard .
It is not a complete explanation of natural phenomena .
It fails on a number of levels : it does not account for macrolevel entities , nor does to lead inevitably to macrocreation as a “ second stage ” in creation , nor does it posit a mechanism by which either could occur .
Additionally , it does not refute evolution as a sound and complete explanation of the same phenomena .
In fact , it generally grants microevolution , which does inevitably lead to macroevolution as a second stage in evolution and does provide a mechanism by which both occur .
For , in the end , microevolution is nothing more than descent with modification over the short term , and macroevolution is descent with modification over the long term .
Put another way , macroevolution is merely the accumulation of microevolutionary changes .
The only difference between them is time - scale .
The same thing cannot be said about microcreation and macrocreation .
Macrocreation is not the accumulation of microcreationist events ; if it were , then macrocreation would be “ blind ” or incidental .
You do not get a flagellum over the short term and a protist over the long term .
Where would the flagellum reside in the meantime ?
We can conclude with confidence that microcreation fails as an explanation even of microlevel phenomena and that , even if it were it to succeed at that level , it would still fail as a ground for macrocreation .
References
American racing driver
Robert Newman Flock ( April 16 , 1918 – May 16 , 1964 ) of Fort Payne , Alabama , USA was an American stock car racer .
He qualified on the pole position for NASCAR 's first Strictly Stock ( now NASCAR Cup Series ) race [ 1 ] and , along with Red Byron , is considered one of the two best drivers from that era . [ 2 ]
Flock family [ edit ]
He was the brother of NASCAR pioneers Tim Flock and Fonty Flock , and the second female NASCAR driver Ethel Mobley .
The four raced at the July 10 , 1949 race at the Daytona Beach Road Course , which was the first event to feature a brother and a sister , and the only NASCAR event to feature four siblings .
Ethel beat Fonty and Bob by finishing in eleventh .
Moonshine business [ edit ]
The Flock family had an illegal moonshine business .
The federal agents discovered that Flock would be running a race in Atlanta , and they staked out the place to make an arrest .
A gate opened as the race was beginning , and he drove on the track to take the green flag .
The police vehicles quickly appeared on the track .
They chased Flock for a lap or two before he drove through the fence .
The police followed him until he ran out of gas .
Reminiscing years later , Flock said , " I would have won that race if the cops had stayed out of it . "
Racing career [ edit ]
He was a well established driver before NASCAR was formed .
He took over NASCAR founder Bill France 's ride in 1946 .
He won both events at the Daytona Beach Road Course in 1947 .
Flock was known for his daring driving style .
For example , during a race on June 15 , 1947 , Flock overturned his car in an accident .
Instead of accepting a DNF , he solicited help from spectators , who turned the car back on its wheels , and he finished the race : [ 3 ]
" Like other wrecks it was n’t anywhere near as serious , and folks flipped Flock ’s car over on its wheels . " [ 4 ]
In an October 1947 race at Piedmont Interstate Fairgrounds , he suffered a crushed vertebra when his tire blew , sending his car through the track fencing and into a light pole . [ 5 ]
He sat on the pole for NASCAR 's first race at Charlotte Speedway on June 19 , 1949 , setting a qualifying time of 38.37 seconds .
[ 6 ]
He had two wins that season , and finished third in the points behind Lee Petty and champion Red Byron .
Flock was the only winner of a Cup Series race held at the mysterious Air Base Speedway in Greenville , SC in 1951 on August 25 .
His brothers , Tim and Fonty also took part in the event .
[ 7 ]
The track was closed in 1952 after only three years of racing but was still visible by 1964 and only partially by 1976 .
He won two 100 lap ARCA races at Lakewood Speedway in 1954 .
Flock retired from driving when he broke his back in an on - track accident .
He had over 200 modified wins in his career .
He competed in one NASCAR Convertible Division event , at Montgomery Motor Speedway , he started on pole - position but finished 20th after had a broke axle .
Track promoter [ edit ]
Flock became a track promoter in Atlanta .
He hired three women ( Sara Christian , and Mildred Williams , and his sister Ethel Mobley ) to race at his new track .
Awards [ edit ]
He was inducted in the Georgia Automobile Racing Hall of Fame in 2003 .
He was a member of the National Motorsports Hall of Fame Association .
While its author openly claims the ROM is far from perfect , most Incredible owners would probably be happy to give this new ROM , codenamed Sky Raider , a whirl simply to see what Froyo +
Sense feel like on their rare , practically extinct , phones .
While have not yet tested Sky Raider ourselves , the installation should be familiar to most rooted Incredible owners who have flashed a ROM before .
Note : this ROM appears to require a full wipe ( system / user data or “ factory ” reset ) .
Download
Sky Raider 1.0 Beta for HTC Incredible :
Directions :
1. Download the ROM from the link above
2 . Place it on your sd card
3. Reboot into recovery
4 . Do a nandroid backup
5. Perform a full wipe
6. Select " install zip from sdcard "
7 . Select the file and you 're on your way to happiness
NOTE : The first boot takes a very long time .
Just be patient , it will work .
1 . Download the ROM from the link above2 .
Place it on your sd card3 .
Reboot into recovery4 .
Do a nandroid backup5.6 .
Select " install zip from sdcard " 7 .
Select the file and you 're on your way to happinessNOTE :
The first boot takes a very long time .
Just be patient , it will work .
Tried it out ?
Success ?
Catastrophic failure ?
Let us know below !
Credit : XDA Forums
Writer Karen McQuestion spent nearly a decade trying without success to persuade a New York publisher to print one of her books .
In July , the 49 - year - old mother of three decided to publish it herself , online .
Eleven months later , Ms. McQuestion has sold 36,000 e-books through Amazon.com Inc.'s Kindle e-bookstore and has a film option with a Hollywood producer .
In August , Amazon will publish a paperback version of her first novel , " A Scattered Life , " about a friendship triangle among three women in small - town Wisconsin .
...
All women should aspire for hourglass size 14 figures , claims new equalities minister
Role model : Mad Men actress Christina Hendricks is famed for her hourglass figure
All women should aspire to be a size 14 with buxom , hourglass figures , the new equalities minister claims .
They must not be made to feel inadequate by stick - thin models staring out of advertising billboards and magazines .
Instead , they should regard curvaceous women such as Christina Hendricks , star of the TV series Mad Men , as their ultimate role models , Lynne Featherstone said .
The Liberal Democrat minister described the actress , who plays Joan Holloway in the popular American drama set in the 1960s , as ' absolutely fabulous ' .
She said that too often , women were made to feel wretched about their size as they were constantly comparing themselves with ' unattainable ' figures of celebrities and models .
This posed a ' significant risk to the physical and mental health of young people ' she added , and in the worst cases could lead to anorexia and bulimia .
By contrast the minister wants buxom women such as Christina Hendricks become increasingly dominant in the fashion and advertising industry .
' Christina Hendricks is absolutely fabulous .
We need more of these role models , ' she added .
Later this year the minister will put pressure on magazine editors and advertisers not to use skinny models .
She also wants all airbrushed photographs to carry a health warning either as a kitemark or in small print just underneath the picture .
This would advise people that model or celebrity 's figure was not realistic and that it had been slimmed - down or retouched to accentuate certain features .
The minister , who was voted Parliament 's most attractive MP earlier this year , added : ' I am very keen that children and young women should be informed about airbrushing so they do n't fall victim to looking at an image and thinking that anyone can have a 12 - inch waist .
' It 's so not possible .
Advertisers and magazine editors have a right to publish what they choose , but women and girls also have a right to feel comfortable in their own bodies .
' At the moment they are being denied that . '
Reality check : Lynne Featherstone claims women are made to feel inadequate by skinny models
She added : ' All women have felt that pressure of having to conform to an unrealistic stereotype , which plagues them their whole life .
' It 's not just the immediate harm , it 's something that lasts a lifetime .
' Young girls are under intense pressure the whole time .
I was a young girl , many moons ago .
' By no means are we excluding men .
The pressure is on everyone to look perfect .
She said that by using airbrushed photos , magazine editors and advertisers were regularly breaching their codes of conduct by misleading people and potentially causing harm to children .
' Magazines regularly mislead their readers by publishing distorted images that have been secretly airbrushed and altered .
' Likewise the advertising standards code says no advert should place children at risk of mental , physical or moral harm , but adverts do contain airbrushed images of unattainable beauty in magazines aimed at young teenagers . '
Earlier this year Christina Hendricks , the minister 's role model , was named Esquire magazine 's sexiest woman in the world .
Since the Mad Men series was first screened on BBC4 two years ago she has been credited with making women feel good about their curves .
As if Rand Paul 's flippant " No one will miss a hill or two " comment was n't egregious enough , his latest PR effort on behalf of the coal industry is even worse .
In an interview with Details magazine , he makes some of the dumbest and most offensive statements I 've heard yet about mountaintop removal .
See , here 's what Rand Paul thinks .
Seriously .
Paul believes mountaintop removal just needs a little rebranding .
" I think they should name it something better , " he says .
" The top ends up flatter , but we 're not talking about Mount Everest .
We 're talking about these little knobby hills that are everywhere out here .
And I 've seen the reclaimed lands .
One of them is 800 acres , with a sports complex on it , elk roaming , covered in grass . "
Most people , he continues , " would say the land is of enhanced value , because now you can build on it . "
Forgive my skepticism , but the dual images of a sports complex and roaming elk just do n't quite mash together well .
Either the elk roam or there 's a ton of kids , parents and cars up there on that mountain , but I tend to doubt there 's both .
Of course , Rand defends his rebranding push with this argument :
Let 's let you decide what to do with your land , " he says .
" Really , it 's a private - property issue . "
This is a gentler , more academic variation on a line he used the evening before , during his speech at the Harlan Center : " If you do n't live here , it 's none of your business .
I 'm getting awfully tired of this line of thinking .
It presumes that each and every one of us live in this place called the United States with no responsibility to anyone but ourselves .
It minimizes the whole idea of community , and presumes that one 's actions have no impact on anyone else .
The picture at the top is what those " hills " look like after the coal industry gets their hooks in it .
The picture below is what Harlan , Kentucky looks like before that happens .
But he does n't stop with mountaintop removal , either .
In Rand Paul 's selfish myopic little universe , the Big Branch mine incident that killed 26 miners and could have been prevented had Massey Energy actually chosen to obey the law was just an " unfortunate thing . "
" Is there a certain amount of accidents and unfortunate things that do happen , no matter what the regulations are ? "
Paul says at the Harlan Center , in response to a question about the Big Branch disaster .
" The bottom line is I 'm not an expert , so do n't give me the power in Washington to be making rules .
You live here , and you have to work in the mines .
You 'd try to make good rules to protect your people here .
If you do n't , I 'm thinking that no one will apply for those jobs .
I know that does n't sound ... "
Here he stumbles , trying to parse his words properly but only presaging his campaign misstep .
" I want to be compassionate , " he concludes , " and I 'm sorry for what happened , but I wonder : Was it just an accident ? "
No , Rand .
It was n't " just an accident . "
When it 's common practice to disable methane detectors when they get in the way of production goals , and when a rush of methane gas caused that explosion , it 's not " just an accident . "
It 's an intentional act that puts profit ahead of people .
It is n't just an accident .
As for the " no one will apply for those jobs " , I guess Rand has forgotten about the unemployment rate in this country ?
There will always be someone looking for jobs , willing to put themselves at risk to feed their families , particularly in economically depressed areas .
Those areas , coincidentally , seem to be prevalent in coal - mining areas .
Gosh , I wonder why ...
Fact : Rand Paul is Big Coal 's bitch , which squares with their promise to buy Congressional candidates in their states .
Profits mean far more than people .
Profits mean more than everything in Rand Paul 's world .
And Big Coal will welcome their special bought - and - paid - for teabagger Rand , unless we can defeat him .
Jack Conway , Rand Paul 's opposition , is endorsed by Blue America .
More that almost any other candidate , I am hoping we can join together and send Jack to Washington while leaving Rand in the coal dust .
Please support Jack Conway over on our Blue America ' 10 page .
How can Texas rank last in the nation — 51st — in the percentage of adults with high school diplomas , and simultaneously rank 22nd in the percentage attending at least some college ?
The complicated answer involves more than the quality of the K - 12 education system .
The figures , based on the percentage of adults over 25 years old with various levels of education , come from a review of 2008 census bureau data by the Brookings Institution , which put data on education attainment from every state into this nifty web widget .
It came as part of a larger study called the State of Metropolitan America , released in May ( which includes some other interesting data on Texas cities ) .
In a ranking of the 50 states plus Washington , D.C. in educational attainment , Texas was all over the map : 51st in high school ( 79.6 percent ) ; 22nd in some college ( 22.6 percent ) ; 44th in associate ’s degrees ( 6.3 percent ) ; 31st in bachelor ’s degrees ( 25.3 percent ) ; and 36th in graduate degrees ( 8.3 percent ) .
The leading factor driving down the state ’s rankings has little to do with the quality of public schools and everything to do with the rapid rate of immigration , said Alan Berube , senior fellow and research director at Brookings , a left - leaning policy think - tank .
Many Mexican and Latin American immigrants “ came to Texas as adults .
They did n’t come there to finish high school .
They came there to work .
So that depresses the indicator , ” Berube says .
Further , the wide gap between high school and college attainment indicates a relatively large percentage of Texans who do complete high school go on to college , with many graduating , he says .
The same trends can be seen in California — the other huge state with rapid growth in immigration — with an even more severe spread between high school and college attainment .
The sunshine state ranked 49th in high school attainment , yet 15th and 16th , respectively , in the percentage of adults with bachelor ’s and graduate degrees .
In addition , the rankings can be deceiving because almost every state in the nation is clustered between 80 and 90 percent , so the state ranking last is n’t necessarily so far behind others ranking much higher .
“ But somebody ’s got to be 51st , ” Berube said , “ and it turns out that ’s Texas . ”
At the same time , Houston , Austin and Dallas are three among only nine cities in America with the rare combination of fast growth , high levels of ethnic diversity and high educational attainment , Berube said .
San Antonio , El Paso and McAllen , unfortunately , have the fast growth and diversity — but low educational attainment .
While some of the data should give policymakers concerns , none of it should be interpreted as solely a failure of the Texas education system , Berube said .
Many
Texas adults grew up elsewhere , and fast growth in Texas cities speaks for itself — people who live elsewhere want to move here .
As for education levels , the real demographic shift will come when today ’s second - and third - graders — who are Hispanic and low - income in higher percentages than today ’s Texas teenagers — get into high school .
In 2008 , the Hispanic population represented 36 percent of all Texans , but 46 percent of births , according to the Pew Hispanic Center .
The latest enrollment report from the Texas Education Agency , from the 2008 - 09 school year , shows that Hispanic students now account for 48 percent of public school enrollment — and 65 percent of pre-kindergarten enrollment .
How Texas public schools perform in educating these students — many from Spanish - speaking families without a history of high school and college graduation — largely will determine the future prosperity of the state .
The current levels of educational attainment are “ certainly something to be concerned about , ” Berube said .
“ But the focus should be more properly on how the schools are doing with the children of these immigrants . ”
The recent announcement that Palestinian communities in Israel will be provided with a bus service for the first time since Israel ’s founding – that is , in 62 years – surprised observers who had not realised second - class citizenship also extends to being deprived of a bus line .
People often object to the comparison of Israel within the Green Line to apartheid South Africa .
After all , there are no segregated park benches or buses ( apart from those kosher lines that the Haredi vigilantes patrol ) .
True enough , but who needs to segregate buses on an ethnic basis if they are simply not provided to Palestinian communities in the first place ?
A couple of interesting elements to this story , however , have been missed in the telling .
The first is that – assuming the new bus service actually starts , as promised – it will be restricted to a very small number of Palestinian towns and larger villages .
How regular it will be is still far from clear .
Compare the minimal service Palestinian citizens can belatedly expect with the service offered to Jews throughout not only Israel but also the occupied territories .
In fact , an Egged bus line is one of the first services provided to small Jewish settlement outposts when they are established in remote West Bank locations .
Buses arrive frequently , even though they serve a tiny number of families living there .
The outposts , of course , are illegal – not only under international ( as are all the settlements ) but also in Israeli law .
So Egged , the national bus company , and the transport ministry conspire with the settlers in flagrant law - breaking to make the outposts viable places to live .
By contrast , transport officials have grudgingly agreed to provide a very limited service to a few Palestinian communities six decades after Israel ’s establishment .
Another point is that the new bus service to Palestinian communities inside Israel will not end Israel ’s special type of veiled segregation .
The bus lines will effectively serve Palestinians only , running between the main Palestinian towns and villages .
From what is known so far , they will not be integrated into the larger “ Jewish ” bus network .
This seriously erodes the significance of the service .
Palestinian communities suffer from very high levels of unemployment , particularly among women , where the rates are among the worst in the world .
Israeli Jews tend to take comfort in blaming a “ primitive ” and chauvinist Arab society for chaining their women to the kitchen sink .
Actually , Palestinian women in Israel generally have a better level of education than the men , and many are keen to work .
The chief obstacle is that Palestinian citizens are largely excluded from what is effectively a “ Jewish economy ” .
Men can usually find employment as casual workers on building sites and in agriculture .
But most women do now want to engage in hard manual labour , and in any case their communities lack the state - subsidised creche and nursery facilities common in Jewish communities .
The few lucky women who still manage to find an office job , however , need to reach places that provide such employment – which almost always means in a Jewish community .
An integrated transport system would make that possible .
For the past 62 years it has not existed and the new service looks like it will still do nothing to address this key problem .
A further reason a useful public transport system is so desperately needed in Palestinian communities is that , without it , Palestinians have to own a car to search for and keep their jobs .
Why should that matter ?
Because owning a car automatically disqualifies a worker from receiving unemployment benefit if he or she loses their job or fails to find one .
The law applies equally to all citizens but , given the lack of a proper bus service only in Palestinian communities , its effect is chiefly to harm Palestinian citizens .
A related , but little - known catch adds to the precariousness of welfare entitlements for Israel ’s Palestinian workforce – and again clearly discriminates against them compared to Israeli Jews .
Unemployment benefit is also not available to those who own their own home .
Again , the ruling applies to Jewish and Palestinian citizens alike , so why call it discriminatory ?
Well , that is the beauty of Israel ’s apartheid – it looks so clean to the uninitiated .
In fact , as is well known , 93 per cent of the land in Israel has been nationalised – for the benefit of the Jewish people .
Apart from a tiny number of wealthy Jewish private land owners , Israeli Jews hold only long - term leases on their land and homes from the state .
They therefore qualify for unemployment benefit .
But Palestinian citziens live on private land – about 2.5 per cent of Israeli territory the state has not yet confiscated .
Almost all Palestinian citizens own the land on which they have built their homes , often with their own labour .
They are therefore denied unemployment benefit .
The lack of proper bus services is one thread woven into a rich tapestry of discriminatory laws and practices designed to marginalise , weaken and exclude Israel ’s 1.3 million Palestinian citizens .
Unpicking them is a vital task .
Jonathan Cook is a writer and journalist based in Nazareth , Israel .
His website is www.jkcook.net.
Learn more about my books , products , and our Inner Circle where you can get access to an entire course every month without leaving your home !
Tl ; Dr version : Pavlovian conditioning can cause humans to unconsciously flinch from even thinking about a serious personal problem they have , we call it an " Ugh Field " 1 .
The Ugh Field forms a self - shadowing blind spot covering an area desperately in need of optimization , imposing huge costs .
A problem with the human mind — your human mind — is that it 's a horrific kludge that will fail when you most need it not to .
The Ugh Field failure mode is one of those really annoying failures .
The idea is simple : if a person receives constant negative conditioning via unhappy thoughts whenever their mind goes into a certain zone of thought , they will begin to develop a psychological flinch mechanism around the thought .
The " Unhappy Thing " — the source of negative thoughts — is typically some part of your model of the world that relates to bad things being likely to happen to you .
A key part of the Ugh Field phenomenon is that , to start with , there is no flinch , only negative real consequences resulting from real physical actions in the problem area .
Then , gradually , you begin to feel the emotional hit when you are planning to take physical actions in the problem area .
Then eventually , the emotional hit comes when you even begin to think about the problem .
The reason for this may be that your brain operates a temporal difference learning ( TDL ) algorithm .
Your brain propagates the psychological pain " back to the earliest reliable stimulus for the punishment " .
If you fail or are punished sufficiently many times in some problem area , and acting in that area is always preceeded by thinking about it , your brain will propagate the psychological pain right back to the moment you first begin to entertain a thought about the problem , and hence cut your conscious optimizing ability right out of the loop .
Related to this is engaging in a displacement activity : this is some activity that usually involves comfort , done instead of confronting the problem .
Perhaps ( though this is speculative ) the comforting displacement activity is there to counterbalance the psychological pain that you experienced just because you thought about the problem .
For example , suppose that you started off in life with a wandering mind and were punished a few times for failing to respond to official letters .
Your TDL algorithm began to propagate the pain back to the moment you looked at an official letter or bill .
As a result , you would be less effective than average at responding , so you got punished a few more times .
Henceforth , when you received a bill , you got the pain before you even opened it , and it laid unpaid on the mantelpiece until a Big Bad Red late payment notice with an $ 25 fine arrived .
More negative conditioning .
Now even thinking about a bill , form or letter invokes the flinch response , and your lizard brain has fully cut you out out .
You find yourself spending time on internet time - wasters , comfort food , TV , computer games , etc .
Your life may not obviously be a disaster , but this is only because you can't see the alternative paths that it could have taken if you had been able to take advantage of the opportunities that came as letters and forms with deadlines .
The subtlety with the Ugh Field is that the flinch occurs before you start to consciously think about how to deal with the Unhappy Thing , meaning that you never deal with it , and you do n't even have the option of dealing with it in the normal run of things .
I find it frightening that my lizard brain could implicitly be making life decisions for me , without even asking my permission !
Possible antidotes to Ugh Field problem :
Actively look out for the flinch , preferably when you are in a motivationally " high " state .
Better still , do this when you are both motivationally high , not under time pressure , and when you are undertaking an overview of your life .
This overview exercise will tend to make your mind range over all of the relevant parts of your life , and hopefully " throw up " some " Ugh ! " reactions .
Concretely visualize how your life could be much better if you oust control of it from your lizarrd brain .
Imagine , in near - mode , how much better your future life could be if you can find and " pick off " your Ugh Fields and optimize the relevant part of your life .
If you have n't yet identified these areas of your life , imagine that some concrete good thing ( such as eating ice - cream , laughing with friends , etc ) will happen to you in the future if you can honestly face these areas .
Identifying these reactions , writing them down in a list , and affirming that you want to take control of them will help you to distance yourself from them .
Once your conscious mind has a positive desire to take control , the offending stimulus will hopefully activate this " take - control " reaction , rather than the " flinch " reaction .
Key to this is framing the " take control " action as a " positive " outcome enabler will facilitate action , as Kaj and PJ have already told us
1 : ( Credit for this idea goes to Anna Salamon and Jennifer Rodriguez - Müller .
Upvotes go to me , as I wrote the darn article )
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As you can see from Josephson 's Web page , he is the director of the Mind - Matter Unification Project at Cambridge University where he is working hard to keep Britain at the " forefront of research " on telepathy , as he wrote in his blurb for Britain 's Royal Mail commemorative Nobel stamps in 2001 .
While scientists fumed about how terrible the stamp blurb was , British citizens paid their bills while reading Josephson 's intriguing views on how quantum science may one day explain telepathy .
Nature addressed the issue with the hilarity you would expect from a science journal .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Josephson 's homepage complains quite a bit about the party pooping scientists and how biased they are against telepathy .
Closer to his area of expertise , he is also pissed about scientists pooh - poohing cold fusion ( or bubble fusion in the most recent case ) .
He 's not just saying , " Let 's consider the possibility , " but really thinks telepathy and cold fusion have enough evidence that would " normally lead them to being accepted " if scientists were n't so closed - minded .
That is kind of a bold claim for a phenomenon like cold fusion which is basically the Michigan J. Frog of science -- people always seem to discover it alone in their lab when no one is looking , and it never seems to work when other people are watching or try to do it themselves .
La Rosa Carrington has more than enough to worry about .
She ’s a single mother with two teenage daughters , she ’s fighting a type of leukemia that requires five days of chemo a month for four months , and she lost her job in May .
So the last thing she needed was news that her health insurance benefits would be terminated because she had n’t paid her premium in full .
The shortfall ?
One penny .
“ My medical bills are coming in like locusts , and you ’re holding up my benefits because of one red cent ? ” an incredulous Carrington said from her hospital bed last week as she recalled her conversation with a customer service rep at Discovery Benefits , an employee benefits administrator based in North Dakota .
Carrington said she talked twice to a customer service representative , who told her it was policy that the penny be received before the benefits could be reinstated .
Write a check or send a money order , Carrington said the representative told her .
Carrington then asked to speak to a supervisor , who reiterated the company ’s policy and would n’t budge on the penny .
Carrington also threatened to take her case to the media , and that ’s why she thinks the supervisor called her back with some good news :
The supervisor had pulled out her own calculator , done the math — and determined that Carrington was correct .
Read details of Carrington ’s health care red tape and the resolution to her situation Gazette.com .
The following post by XDA member scuccia popped earlier today on the HTC Droid Incredible section of the XDA forums :
Here is a Stock 2.2 ROM with Sense based off the upcoming Froyo OTA .
This is completely stock with the additions of su , Superuser.apk and busybox .
Everything has been confirmed working .
Camera , camcorder , Wifi , bluetooth , GPS , MMS , etc ...
A full wipe and 2.x radio is required .
If you do n't have a 2.x radio already you can find instructions instruction here .
Get the ROM here !
There are quite a few new additions that have been included .
HTC Flashlight , FM Radio widget , Calculator widget , SMS widget , Sync all widget , profile widgets , 3g mobile hotspot , genie widget , App sharing program , messaging app changed a bit , 720 p recording , built in flash on camcorder , and more stuff that I can't think of off the top of my head .
Based on the image below , it seems legit .
The HTC kernel , as well as the fact that everything ( camera , video recording included ) works , is pretty compelling evidence .
Unfortunately , the only download available is of a full ROM image , meaning you must factory wipe your phone and update your radio baseband ( meaning you need root ) in order to flash the ROM .
This does defeat the purpose of getting 2.2 for some people , like those who do n’t want to root their phones just to acquire FroYo .
If you are n’t rooted or are unfamiliar with flashing ROM ’s , you may be better off waiting for the official update package to appear , which should be far easier to install ( and wo n’t require root ) .
Stay tuned for more information .
Try out this ROM ?
How ’s it work ?
Let us know in the comment section below !
Source : DroidLife
NASA Images Show Oil's Invasion Along Louisiana Coast
By combining data from multiple cameras of JPL's MISR instrument on NASA 's Terra satellite , scientists gain new perspectives on the spread of oil into Louisiana ’s fragile wetlands .
NASA Sensor Completes Initial Gulf Oil Spill Flights JPL's Airborne Visible / Infrared Imaging Spectrometer instrument has completed its initial assessment of the Gulf oil spill .
NASA Satellites ' View of Gulf Oil Spill Over Time
This updated video shows a series of images that provide a space - based view of the burning oil rig and the ensuing oil spill , now with additional footage through July 14 .
NASA Satellite Spots Oil at Mississippi Delta Mouth
A new image from NASA 's Terra spacecraft shows oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill lapping at the mouth of the Mississippi River delta .
NASA Satellites Keep Watch on Gulf Current Near Spill Scientists are using NASA satellite data to keep a close eye on a powerful current in the Gulf of Mexico that could carry the Gulf oil spill into the Atlantic .
NASA 's MISR Provides Unique Views of Gulf Oil Slick New Gulf oil spill images from the Multi-angle Imaging SpectroRadiometer instrument on NASA 's Terra spacecraft paint dramatic portraits of different aspects of the spill .
Initiative Targets Oil Spills and Other Challenges Viewing the Gulf of Mexico oil spill from 438 miles ( 705 km ) away can be quite different from seeing it in person .
For NASA , a satellite view of the oil spill can be very informative .
Flights Take NASA Scientists Over Gulf Spill NASA
Langley scientists made research flights over the Gulf of Mexico to investigate uses of satellites for monitoring the thickness and dispersal of oil spills and the oil 's impact on marine life .
NASA Planes , Satellites Deployed in Oil Spill Response NASA has mobilized its remote - sensing assets to help assess the spread and impact of the Deepwater Horizon BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico at the request of U.S. disaster response agencies .
NASA Satellite Imagery Keeping Eye on the Gulf Oil Spill NASA 's Terra and Aqua satellites are helping the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) keep tabs on the extent of the recent Gulf oil spill with satellite images from time to time .
After a week off Entourage has returned and thankfully this episode was a lot better than the previous one .
Finally we get the Entourage that we ’ve been waiting for .
All the characters were back in full swing this episode and the writers really hit the mark .
The laughs were abundant , the episode was fast paced and aside from Turtle , every character was interesting to watch .
The episode picks up right where we left off .
Vinnie is still in his daredevil mode .
I ’m not sure where the writers are going with this character arc but after this episode I have to say , I kind of like it .
It ’s a change for Vince ’s character and I think it ’s going to culminate in something interesting .
I thought the arc was a bit farfetched and ill contrived last episode but Vince takes his whole act further this time and I wonder what the consequences of Vince ’s daredevil behaviour will be .
Last season all the characters grew except Vince , now it ’s Vince ’s turn to grow as a character .
The new Vince seems to have a bit of an attitude also .
He cuts his hair without notifying director Nick Cassavetes , he tells Access Hollywood that his new film “ will probably suck ” and overall he just does n’t seem to care about anything anymore .
In one scene , paparazzis caught Vince coming out of a strip club and Vinnie shrugged it off like it was nothing .
Vince is certainley changing and I think the changes will get more extreme as the season goes on .
Ari , who disappointed last episode , was great this time around .
He had some great lines and this episode saw him negotiating for the NFL TV rights with Jerry Jones , owner of the Dallas Cowboys .
I wo n’t say how the negotiations end but I liked the outcome of it all .
There were n’t any good Ari / Lloyd scenes which was dissapointing but at least Ari was a whole lot better to watch this episode than last .
Drama made progress with his career this episode as he asked Eric to manage him .
Eric agrees , although he seemed hesitant about the whole situation .
I can easily see E and Drama getting into some kind of fight or argument over Drama ’s career .
You should never mix friends and business and I think this business relationship between the two will end poorly .
Turtle once again was pretty lame this episode .
He is still working on his new business and this episode saw him fighting again with his former driver Alex .
There was a dispute over a credit card charge and Turtle accused Alex of charging items to the business credit card .
The whole thing was stupid and I do n’t know why the writers are keeping Alex around .
She really offers nothing and that whole storyline really has to go .
We did get some information about Anrew Klein this episode and we did see the return of Lizzy .
Speaking of Lizzy , there was a bit of flirting going on between her and Ari .
Could the writers be setting up for an affair between the two ?
I hope not as I would n’t want to see Ari split up with Mrs. Ari .
Shauna had a few scenes in the episode and they were pretty good .
She ’s obnoxious as usual but her scenes with Eric were funny and she always has a few good lines .
We did n’t get to see Sloan and there was nothing more on the upcoming marraige but I think the writers are saving it for the end of the season .
I ’m guessing the two will get married in the season finale .
Vinnie cutting his hair was a big deal as Nick still had to do reshoots and can’t have Vince looking any different than he did in the originals .
Nick was seriously pissed when he found out .
Could we see a repeat of what happened in Smoke Jumpers ?
Will Vince get into a fight with Nick ?
He had told E that he ran the haircut by Nick and E was ok with it .
The one thing you have to wonder though is , as Vince ’s manager , how could E not know that Nick still had reshoots to do ?
This is something a manager should know .
Rounding out the episode was a nice cameo from Bob Saget , a funny reference to the show Californication and an awesome ending scene .
Overall it was a great episode .
One of the strongest ones in a while .
We finally get to see Vince growing as a character and we now know what the season is going to revolve around .
The foundations for the season were laid down this episode .
While I did n’t enjoy the premiere at all , this episode was great and I ’m now looking forward to the rest of the season .
As of May 30 , in addition to the 1000th American GI casualty , the National Priorities Project calculates that we have past the one trillion dollar mark on the invasions and occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
One TRILLION dollars , with a T .
It 's a hard number to wrap your mind around , as this Google Sketchup illustration demonstrates .
It also begs the question : just what have we bought for all that money and what good could have been done with that money instead ?
Brave New Films 's ReThink Afghanistan has a new Facebook app that allows you to see other ways that money could have been spent :
You could choose to hire every worker in Afghanistan for a year for
$ 12 billion or hire 1 million public safety workers for a year for $ 46.5 billion , and still only have made mere drops in the bucket .
Personally , I opted to pay for four years of college for a million students , fund the clean up of the gulf oil spill , hire one million elementary school teachers and offer health care for 10 million Americans and guess what ?
I still did n't reach that one trillion mark .
Check out the app .
Tell us how you 'd spend the money .
Then consider sending this to your congresscritter to ask him / her how much more blood and treasure need to be lost in the sands of the Middle East .
In the war logs they are labelled simply " green on green " .
But " green " is the military 's jargon for Afghan or " host nation " armed forces , and the accounts of more than 50 incidents where local troops opened fire on their comrades paint a vivid picture of the lawless quality of life in the country .
British troops from 1st Battalion
The Rifles filed a report from Garmsir in Helmand province on 11 April 2009 about the behaviour of local militia at their base .
The border guards on the roof were " high on opium and having a party " , they said .
The racket woke up some sleeping " terps " ( interpreters ) below and a fight ensued .
The British commanding officer tried to mediate but when shooting started an alarmed British sentry also fired a shot " believing the lives of his … commander and platoon sergeant were in danger " .
A bullet hit one of the quarrelling border guards in the stomach and killed him .
The report went on to claim it was unclear who fired the fatal shot .
The border guards , considered often as a poorly disciplined local militia , figure in several of these violent disputes .
At Delaram in adjoining Nimruz province , commuters on the country 's main highway complained to US authorities in January 2007 that border guards were extorting money and goods at checkpoints .
They were reported to have stolen $ 2,000 from one man .
Eventually there was a shoot - out with the border guards at local police headquarters , which came under siege .
Three guards were killed and two police wounded .
Nor was that the end of it – the US army reported : " The police support team expects retaliation . "
Local police are also accused of bribery .
In April 2008 it was reported that a group of Afghan army troops " observed a ... police officer taking money from a civilian truck driver ...
So they attacked and beat the [ police ] officer .
A firefight ensued . "
That melee led to the wounding of two soldiers and the locking up of all the police in the local jail .
Bad blood between police and soldiers appears commonplace .
In September 2007 a police trooper hit an army officer with the door of his car in a local bazaar .
In the ensuing fracas soldiers managed to shoot three innocent passers - by .
The war logs add : " Analyst comment : this will damage the populace 's view of the [ government ] in Mehtar Lam and significantly aid the insurgency …
Tempers were likely high due to Ramadan fasting . "
photos by Adele
Adele Enersen came up with a creative maternity leave hobby .
When her baby Mila takes a nap , she imagines what she might be dreaming and then stages a photo of the scene which she then documents on the blog Mila ’s Daydreams .
via Matt Haughey
Grab a copy of WEEKLY WRITES : 52 Weeks of Writing Bliss ! from Amazon.com and receive 2 free e-books to encourage and nurture the writer in you .
You 'll also receive Write Memories , a journaling workbook available for free only to WEEKLY WRITES book owners .
And finally , as a WEEKLY WRITES book owner , you 'll have free access to e-mail courses such as JOYFUL WRITES : Celebrate Your Life through Writing
For excerpts , reviews and what you need to do to receive the 2 free e-books , Write Memories and sign up for free e-mail courses , just head on to the Weekly Writes Book Official Site .
( Clicking on the link will open a new window . )
The Frisco soldier and his family who lost their home to foreclosure while he was serving in Iraq will get the house back .
Army National Guard Capt .
Michael Clauer and his wife , May , lost their $ 315,000 southwest Frisco home in May 2008 after falling behind on Heritage Lakes Homeowners Association dues .
The Clauers sued the association and subsequent buyers in federal court .
A court - ordered settlement conference led to an agreement this week that gives the house back to the Clauers .
A gag order prevents those involved from sharing details .
But the bottom line is that the Clauers once again will own the home in the Heritage Lakes subdivision .
" The family is very pleased that this matter has been resolved , " said their attorney , Barbara Hale .
But the debate over the power of homeowners associations in Texas continues .
The Senate Committee on Intergovernmental Relations is studying possible changes to state law to ensure protections for homeowners .
" We 've heard heartbreaking stories from people who have been fined for things that were questionable , " said state Sen .
Jeff Wentworth , R - San Antonio , a committee member .
State Sen. Royce West , D - Dallas , who chairs the committee , said he hopes to use stories like that of the Clauers in the upcoming legislative session to make such foreclosures illegal .
" We were one vote short of having the bill put on the governor 's desk , " West said of previous attempts to change the law .
" Now we 're working to make sure we understand the opposition , and we 're trying to get a clear picture of what they were opposed to in the bill and get those issues addressed . "
Homeowners associations say they need protections from people who do n't pay their agreed share of a neighborhood 's upkeep .
" It 's a fairness issue , " said Frank Rathbun , spokesman for the Virginia - based Community Associations Institute , which provides resources to the associations and other community groups .
" They collect fees for services and amenities .
...
When enough people are n't paying , it puts them in a bind . "
The Clauers ' attorney could n't say whether the couple had to pay any money to get back the house , which they owned mortgage - free .
The Heritage Lakes Homeowners Association was initially owed $ 977.55 in dues on the house .
The association sent multiple notices by certified mail , demanding payment .
All went unanswered .
Under Texas law , a homeowners association can foreclose on a property and sell it at auction to collect what 's owed .
The two - story brick home was purchased at auction for $ 3,201 by Mark DiSanti of Dallas and Steeplechase Productions .
DiSanti sold it in May 2009 for $ 135,000 to Jad Aboul - Jibin of Plano .
Complicating the case was Michael Clauer 's service overseas .
His wife said she had severe anxiety and depression over her husband 's absence and let mail pile up .
She did n't open any of the certified letters and did n't realize the home had been sold until summer 2009 , when Aboul - Jibin sent a letter asking for rent .
Hale had argued in court documents that the family was protected from foreclosure by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act .
The federal law protects those on active duty from certain financial and legal obligations , including foreclosure , without a court proceeding .
Clauer was on active duty from Feb. 15 , 2008 , to Oct. 9 , 2009 , according to court records .
Attorneys for Heritage Lakes argued in court documents that because the house was n't in Michael Clauer 's name , he had no standing to sue under the federal act .
The home was purchased by his wife 's parents and a portion was later transferred into May Clauer 's name .
They also disputed the dates of his military service .
David Margulies , a spokesman for the homeowners association , said it routinely checks for military connections before instigating foreclosure proceedings .
He said a letter from the military stated that Clauer was not in the service when the process began .
The homeowners association became a target of public outrage when news of the foreclosure spread nationwide .
Association board members received death threats .
Shad Bogany , secretary - treasurer - elect of the Texas Association of Realtors and a Houston - based real estate agent , said homeowners associations need to be reined in .
" We 've got elected officials not paying attention to the consumer , " said Bogany , who believes foreclosure should be the last step after all collection options are exhausted .
" When there 's a disagreement , who else can they call ?
What 's the next step ? "
Bogany asked .
" There is no next step .
If the homeowners association is n't responding , there ought to be a neutral mediator for people to go to with complaints . "
But homeowners associations need money to maintain neighborhoods .
If dues and fines are n't collected , sidewalks and streetlights may fall into disrepair .
And current legislation offers little choice between doing nothing and foreclosing , said Tamika Harris , president of Blue Creek Ranch Homeowners Association in Houston .
If a homeowner does n't respond to the association 's notices , there 's " nothing we can do , " she said .
" The homeowner has to participate , and 99 percent of the time they do not .
We can't force you . "
State Sen. Dan Patrick , R- Houston , said future legislatures need to make sure that foreclosures involve court proceedings and that the legal process is not expensive for homeowners .
" I continue to be shocked at actions of some homeowners associations who do not seem to understand that a person 's home is their biggest investment , " Patrick said .
" Most homeowners associations would never do this , but we 've got a couple groups out there that for whatever reason seem to be quick to pull the trigger .
That 's unacceptable . "
Last updated : May 29 , 2020
One of the best ways to support breweries during the COVID - 19 Crisis is to purchase beer from them .
Thanks to laws that were temporarily relaxed by New York ’s State Liquor Authority , breweries in New York are permitted to deliver beer direct to your door or ship anywhere within New York State .
Below is a rundown of every brewery in the city that ’s delivering , where they ’re delivering , and how to order from them .
We ’re trying to keep this updated as much as possible , but please note that these methods and delivery zones are all subject to change , so consult directly with the brewery .
And remember : delivery minimums and fees may apply .
Keep reading
In this Feb. 15 , 2010 photo , Conner Moore , 20 , displays a three - gram package of K2 , at his home in Columbia , Mo. Produced in China and Korea , the mixture of herbs and spices is sprayed with a synthetic compound chemically similar to THC , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana .
Users roll it up in joints or inhale it from pipes , just like the real thing .
Though banned in most of Europe , K2's key ingredients are not regulated in the United States , a gap that has prompted lawmakers in Missouri and Kansas to consider new legislation .
AP Photo / Kelley McCall
A type of incense with marijuana - like properties is coming under scrutiny from Duluth police and city council officials .
The Duluth City Council passed a resolution Monday night asking the police department to report on the sales and use of products containing JWH - 018 .
The chemical compound supposedly mimics the chemical known as THC --- the psychotropic substance found in marijuana .
Law enforcement officials say that the compound is sold as incense at local head shops , branded with names like Spice and K2 , where it attracts customers looking for a legal alternative to marijuana .
" The reality is ... it 's sold with a wink and a nod , " said Brian Lukasavitz , coordinator of the Sixth Judicial District Drug Court , which includes the city of Duluth .
Lukasavitz said he first heard of JWH - 018 about three months ago from participants in court - ordered drug programs .
" It caught us off guard , " he said .
" We were n't familiar with it . "
Your support matters .
You make MPR News possible .
Individual donations are behind the clarity in coverage from our reporters across the state , stories that connect us , and conversations that provide perspectives .
Help ensure MPR remains a resource that brings Minnesotans together .
Donate today .
A gift of $ 17 makes a difference .
Law enforcement officials say the chemical compound is more dangerous than marijuana and could lead to serious health problems , including heart attacks .
Users have reported intense paranoia and psychotic episodes , Lukasavitz said .
Council member Todd Fedora said he plans to introduce an ordinance that would make it illegal to buy , sell , possess or manufacture the chemical compound .
He says ten states have already taken that step , and he hopes that Minnesota will follow suit .
" But if the city of Duluth can jump on this and can get a four or five months lead on the state , I think that 's a good thing , " Fedora said .
The city council plans to discuss the issue and listen to a presentation from local law enforcement officials at an Aug. 16 meeting .
Fedora said he hopes to introduce his ordinance at the same meeting , and expects that the council will move quickly to approve it .
For more than 25 years , pioneer psychologist and seeker Carl Jung 's Red Book was hidden away inside a Swiss bank vault .
A huge lovely volume bound in red leather , also known as Liber Novus ( The New Book ) , the book is essentially Jung 's personal journals written in calligraphy and gorgeously illuminated during a very strange period in his life .
The Red Book is finally available to everyone in an oversize clothbound edition published by WW Norton & Company .
My friend / IFTF colleague Bob Johansen kindly shared his copy with me and I was quite blown away .
The Red Book is a breathtaking travelogue from Jung 's journey into his unconscious , and best enjoyed in small , powerful doses .
From Fortean Times :
It was Jung 's break with Freud that led to his own ' descent into the unconscious ' , a disturbing trip down the psyche 's rabbit hole from which he gathered the insights about the collective unconscious that would inform his own school of ' analytical psychology ' .
He had entered a ' creative illness ' , unsure if he was going mad .
In October 1913 , not long after the split , Jung had , depending on your perspective , a vision or hallucination .
While on a train , he suddenly saw a flood covering Europe , between the North Sea and the Alps .
When it reached Switzerland , the mountains rose to protect his homeland , but in the waves he saw floating debris and bodies .
Then the water turned to blood .
The vision lasted an hour and seems to have been a dream that had invaded his waking consciousness .
Having spent more than a decade treating mental patients who suffered from precisely such symptoms , Jung had reason to be concerned .
He was ironically rather relieved the next summer when WWI broke out and he deduced that his vision had been a premonition of it .
Yet the psychic tension continued .
Eventually there came a point where Jung felt he could no longer fight off the sense of madness .
He decided to let go .
When he did , he landed in an eerie , subterranean world where he met strange intelliÂ­gences that ' lived ' in his mind .
The experience was so upsetting that for a time Jung slept with a loaded pistol by his bed , ready to blow his brains out if the stress became too great .
In his Red Book – recently published in full – he kept an account , in words and images , of the objective , independent entities he encountered during his " creative illness " – entities that had nothing to do with him personally , but who shared his interior world .
There were Elijah and Salome , two figures from the Bible who were accompanied by a snake .
There was also a figure whom Jung called Philemon , who became a kind of ' inner guru ' and who he painted as a bald , white - bearded old man with bull 's horns and the wings of a kingfisher .
One morning , after painting the figure , Jung was out taking a walk when he came upon a dead kingfisher .
The birds were rare in Zürich and he had never before come upon a dead one .
This was one of the many synchronicÂ­ities – " meaningful coincidences " – that happened at this time .
There were others .
Most of you do n't understand evolution .
I mean this in the most charitable way ; there 's a common conceptual model of how evolution occurs that I find everywhere , and that I particularly find common among bright young students who are just getting enthusiastic about biology .
Let me give you the Standard Story , the one that I get all the time from supporters of biology .
Evolution proceeds by mutation and selection .
A novel mutation occurs in a gene that gives the individual inheriting it an advantage , and that person passes it on to their children who also gets the advantage and do better than their peers , and leave more offspring .
Given time , the advantageous mutation spreads through the population so the entire species has it .
One example is the human brain .
An ape man millions of years ago acquired a mutation that made his or her brain slightly larger , and since those individuals were slightly smarter than other ape men , it spread through the population .
Then later , other mutations occured and were selected for and so human brains gradually got larger and larger .
You either know what 's wrong here or you 're feeling a little uneasy — I gave you enough hints that you know I 'm going to complain about that story , but if your knowledge is at the Evolutionary Biology 101 level , you may not be sure what it is .
Just to make you even more queasy , the misunderstanding here is one that creationists have , too .
If you 've ever encountered the cryptic phrase " RM+NS " ( " random mutation + natural selection " ) used as a pejorative on a creationist site , you 've found someone with this affliction .
They 've got it completely wrong .
Here 's the problem , and also a brief introduction to Evolutionary Biology 201 .
First , it 's not exactly wrong — it 's more like taking one good explanation of certain kinds of evolution and making it a sweeping claim that that is how all evolution works .
By reducing it to this one scheme , though , it makes evolution far too plodding and linear , and reduces it all to a sort of personal narrative .
It is n't any of those things .
What 's left out in the 101 story , and in creationist tales , is that : evolution is about populations , so many changes go on in parallel ; selectable traits are usually the product of networks of genes , so there are rarely single alleles that can be categorized as the effector of change ; and genes and gene networks are plastic or responsive to the environment .
All of these complications make the actual story more complicated and interesting , and also , perhaps to your surprise , make evolutionary change faster and more powerful .
Think populations
Mutations are the root of biological variation , of course , but we often have a naive view of their consequences .
Most mutations are neutral .
Even advantageous mutations are subject to laws of chance in their propagation , and a positive selection coefficient does not mean there will be an inexorable march to fixation , where every individual has the allele .
This is also true of deleterious mutations : chance often dominates , and unless it is a strongly negative allele , like an embryonic lethal mutation , there 's also a chance it can spread through the population .
Stop thinking of mutations as unitary events that either get swiftly culled , because they 're deleterious , or get swiftly hauled into prominence by the uplifting crane of natural selection .
Mutations are usually negligible changes that get tossed into the stewpot of the gene pool , where they simmer mostly unnoticed and invisible to selection .
Look at human faces , for instance : they 're all different , and unless you 're looking at the extremes of beauty or ugliness , the variations simply do n't make much difference .
Yet all those different faces really are the result of subtly different combinations of mutant forms of genes .
" Combinations " is the magic word .
A single mutation rarely has a significant effect on a feature , but the combination of multiple mutations may have a detectable or even novel effect that can be seen by natural selection .
And that 's what 's going on all the time : the population is a huge reservoir of genetic variation , and what we do when we reproduce is sort and mix and generate new combinations that are then tested in the environment .
Compare it to a game of poker .
A two of hearts in itself seems to be a pathetic little card , but if it 's part of a flush or a straight or three of a kind , it can produce a winning hand .
In the game , it 's not the card itself that has power , it 's its utility in a pattern or combination of other cards .
A large population like ours is a great shuffler that is producing millions of new hands every day .
We know that this recombination is essential to the rapid acquisition of new phenotypes .
Here are some results from a classic experiment by Waddington .
Waddington noted that fruit flies expressed the odd trait of developing four wings ( the bithorax phenotype ) instead of two if they were exposed to ether early in development .
This is not a mutation !
This is called a phenocopy , where an environmental factor induces an effect similar to a genetic mutation .
What Waddington did next was to select for individuals that expressed the bithorax phenotype most robustly , or that were better at resisting the ether , and found that he could get a progressive strengthening of the response .
The progress of selection for or against a bithorax - like response to ether treatment in two wild - type populations .
Experiments 1 and 2 initially showed about 25 and 48 % of the bithorax ( He ) phenotype .
The progress of selection for or against a bithorax - like response to ether treatment in two wild - type populations .
Experiments 1 and 2 initially showed about 25 and 48 % of the bithorax ( He ) phenotype .
This occurred over 10s of generations — far , far too fast for this to be a consequence of the generation of new mutations .
What Waddington was doing was selecting for more potent combinations of alleles already extant in the gene pool .
This was confirmed in a cool way with a simple experiment : the results in the graph above were obtained from wild - caught populations .
Using highly inbred laboratory strains that have greatly reduced genetic variation abolishes the outcome .
Jonathan Bard sees this as a powerful potential factor in evolution .
Waddington 's results have excited considerable controversy over the years , for example as to whether they reflect threshold effects or hidden variation .
In my view , these arguments are irrelevant to the key point : within a population of organisms , there is enough intrinsic variability that , given strong selection pressures , minor but existing variants in a trait that are not normally noticeable can rapidly become the majority phenotype without new mutations .
The implications for evolution are obvious : normally silent mutations in a population can lead to adaptation if selection pressures are high enough .
This view provides a sensible explanation of the relatively rapid origins of the different beak morphologies of Darwin 's various finches and of species flocks .
Think networks
One question you might have at this point is that the model above suggests that mutations are constantly being thrown into the population 's gene pool and are steadily accumulating — it means that there must be a remarkable amount of genetic variation between individuals ( and there is !
It 's been measured ) , yet we generally do n't see most people as weird and obvious mutants .
That variation is largely invisible , or represents mere minor variations that we do n't regard as at all remarkable .
How can that be ?
One important reason is that most traits are not the product of single genes , but of combinations of genes working together in complex ways .
The unit producing the phenotype is most often a network of genes and gene products , such at this lovely example of the network supporting expression and regulation of the epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) pathway .
The EGF pathway ( from The EGF pathway ( from www.sabiosciences.com/pathwaycentral.php
That is awesomely complex , and yes , if you 're a creationist you 're probably wrongly thinking there is no way that can evolve .
The curious thing is , though , that the more elaborate the network , the more pieces tangled into the pathway , the smaller the effect of any individual component ( in general , of course ) .
What we find over and over again is that many mutations to any one component may have a completely indetectable effect on the output .
The system is buffered to produce a reliable yield .
This is the way networks often work .
Consider the internet , for example : a complex network with many components and many different routes to get a single from Point A to Point B .
What happens if you take out a single node , or even a set of nodes ?
The system routes automatically around any damage , without any intelligent agency required to consciously reroute messages .
But further , consider the nature of most mutations in a biological network .
Simple knockouts of a whole component are possible , but often what will happen are smaller effects .
These gene products are typically enzymes ; what happens is a shift in kinetics that will more subtly modify expression .
The challenge is to measure and compute these effects .
Graph analysis is showing how networks can be partitioned and analysed , while work on the kinetics of networks has shown first that it is possible to simplify the mathematics of the differential equation models and , second , that the detailed output of a network is relatively insensitive to changes in most of the reaction parameters .
What this latter work means is that most gene mutations will have relatively minor effects on the networks in which their proteins are involved , and some will have none , perhaps because they are part of secondary pathways and so redundant under normal circumstances .
Indirect evidence for this comes from the surprising observation that many gene knockouts in mice result in an apparently normal phenotype .
Within an evolutionary context , it would thus be expected that , across a population of organisms , most mutations in a network would effectively be silent , in that they would give no selective advantage under normal conditions .
It is one of the tasks of systems biologists to understand how and where mutations can lead to sufficient variation in networks properties for selection to have something on which to act .
Combine this with population effects .
The population can accumulate many of these sneaky variants that have no significant effect on most individuals , but under conditions of strong selection , combinations of these variants , that together can have detectable effects , can be exposed to selection .
Think flexible genes
Another factor in this process ( one that Bard does not touch on ) is that the individual genes themselves are not invariant units .
Mutations can affect how genes contribute to the network , but in addition , the same allele can have different consequences in different genetic backgrounds — it is affected by the other genes in the network — and also has different consquences in different external environments .
Everything is fluid .
Biology is n't about fixed and rigidly invariant processes — it 's about squishy , dynamic , and interactive stuff making do .
Now do you see what 's wrong with the simplistic caricature of evolution at the top of this article ?
It 's superficial ; it ignores the richness of real biology ; it limits and constrains the potential of evolution unrealistically .
The concept of evolution as a change in allele frequencies over time is one small part of the whole of evolutionary processes .
You 've got to include network theory and gene and environmental interactions to really understand the phenomena .
And the cool thing is that all of these perspectives make evolution an even more powerful force .
Bard J ( 2010 ) A systems biology view of evolutionary genetics .
Bioessays 32 : 559-563 .
Does your website content suck ?
Does your traffic report tell you that most visitors do n’t often stay long on your website ?
Make sure your website shows off effective web content writing with these 5 tips :
1. Grab your reader ’s attention by the title .
Readers want to know what they ’re reading about from the second they lay their eyes on the page .
Most people do not have time to read everything so get their attention with a great title .
“ 5 ways to eat cake ” is more catchy and direct than “ Cake and all its many facets ” .
Effective web content writing requires that your article ’s title should tell what the entire content is all about .
2 . Put conclusions at the beginning .
Think of an inverted pyramid when you write .
Get to the point in the first paragraph , then develop it .
This is because people scan – and they want to know what your content is all about at the beginning .
Like a good title , you need a great opening to rev up the interest of your readers and keep them glued to the screen .
3 . Break it up and list it down .
For effective web content writing , you should consider your audience ’s attention spans .
Most people do not usually have the time to pore through a LOT of content .
So here ’s the gist : write only one idea per paragraph and use shorter sentences , words and paragraphs .
4 . Be content- relevant .
Use objective language to build credibility , and do n’t use too many metaphors , especially ones which do not have relevance to your site .
Writing in superfluous words can give your web content a frivolity that can undermine your thoughts .
5. Proofread your work .
Do n’t forget , effective web content writing may need not be too formal , but it still needs to observe proper grammar and sentence structures !
Typos , spelling errors and bad grammar will turn readers off .
Make sure to proofread everything you post to the Web .
I believe web content writing is an art , and if you have been struggling with your web copy , I hope you found this helpful .
Because I recognize the importance of web content writing , there will be more posts like this in the future .
Feel free to drop by regularly for more tips like this , and recommend them to your friends !
Thank you !
To Your Success ,
Elmar Sandyck
click to enlarge FILE IMAGE
What if California could raise hundreds of millions of dollars in new revenue to preserve vital state services without any tax increases ?
And what if at the same time , we could , without any new expense , help protect our endangered wilderness areas while making it harder for our kids to get drugs ?
That is precisely what the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 initiative slated for the November ballot would do .
This measure , building off the legislation I introduced last year , is the logical next step in California ’s and hopefully the nation ’s public policy towards marijuana .
The legalization of cannabis would not only address California ’s growing economic crisis but , more importantly , would begin a rational public policy discussion about how best to regulate the state ’s largest cash crop estimated to be worth roughly $ 14 billion annually .
Placing marijuana under the same regulatory system that now applies to alcohol represents the natural evolution of California ’s laws and is in line with recent polls indicating strong support for decriminalizing marijuana .
To understand the movement behind legalization , it is helpful to understand how we got here .
The state first prohibited marijuana in 1913 .
When Congress later passed the Controlled Substances Act in 1970 , marijuana was temporarily labeled a “ Schedule I substance ” — an illegal drug with no approved medical purposes .
But Congress acknowledged they did not know enough about marijuana to permanently classify it to Schedule I , so a presidential commission was created to review the research .
In 1972 , the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse advised Congress to remove criminal penalties on the possession and nonprofit distribution of marijuana .
“ Neither the marijuana user nor the drug itself can be said to constitute a danger to public safety , ” concluded the commission , led by then - Governor Raymond Shafer of Pennsylvania .
President Nixon and Congress ignored the report .
Since then , more than 14 million Americans have been arrested on marijuana charges and marijuana has remained listed as a Schedule I substance — actually treated by federal law as more dangerous than cocaine and methamphetamine .
Here in California , enforcement costs for marijuana offenses had become so high by 1975 that the legislature decriminalized possession of small quantities in the Moscone Act , saving the state $ 100 million each year .
In 1990 , the California Research Advisory Panel urged further decriminalization , noting “ an objective consideration of marijuana shows that it is responsible for less damage to society and the individual than are alcohol and cigarettes . ”
By 1996 , the medicinal benefits of marijuana had been well documented and California voters legalized the medical use of marijuana by passing Proposition 215 .
With New Jersey ratifying medical use earlier this year , there are now 14 states that support medical marijuana .
Despite this nationwide shift , the costs of modern prohibition continue with more than 61,000 Californians arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession in 2008 alone .
That same year , about 60,000 violent crimes went unsolved statewide , yet we continue to spend hundreds of millions of dollars and countless law enforcement hours arresting people for low - level marijuana crimes , further overburdening courts and prisons .
Jail beds devoted to marijuana offenders could be “ used for other criminals who are now being released early because of a lack of jail space , ” the state Legislative Analyst ’s Office wrote .
Black - market marijuana is also a main source of revenue for the vast criminal enterprises that threaten peace on our streets and weaken national security on our borders .
According to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , the Mexican drug cartels get more than 60 percent of their revenue from selling marijuana in the United States .
The simple reality is that resources tied up fighting marijuana would be better spent solving and preventing violent felonies and other major crimes .
When U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder announced last year that the federal government would end raids on marijuana dispensaries in California and other states with medical marijuana laws , it was a clear sign the tide was turning .
Fact regarding marijuana is finally overcoming fiction .
There may be disagreements about what direction to take but it is clear to everyone involved our current approach is not working .
Regulation allows common - sense controls and takes the marijuana industry out of the hands of unregulated criminals .
As a member of the State Assembly , I believe we must acknowledge reality and bring innovative solutions to the issue of marijuana , not simply wait passively for the federal government to act .
This is how change happens .
Californians lead rather than follow , and we can set an example for the nation as we did on medical marijuana by passing the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 in November .
California Assemblymember Tom Ammiano represents the 13th Assembly District , which includes San Francisco .
Send comments via the editor at econnolly@newtimesslo.com .
Nick Clegg has staked his political reputation on a pledge that under the coalition government there will be no return to the savage cuts of the 1980s .
In an interview with the Observer , he launched a withering attack on the economic policies of Margaret Thatcher and promised instead to look to the examples of Sweden , Canada and the US to deliver " progressive " cuts .
" It is important that people understand that fiscal retrenchment does not mean a repeat of the 1980s .
We 're going to do this differently , " said Clegg , in a move that risks angering MPs on the Conservative right , many of whom admire their former leader .
The deputy prime minister said he would use his authority " ruthlessly " to make sure coalition commitments were met .
He argued there was an assumption on the centre - left that austerity measures were , by definition , regressive and rightwing : " I think principally the reason is because our collective memory of difficult budget decisions harks back to the 1980s , the harshness of the 1980s , north - south divide , sink - or - swim economics .
That is our folk memory . "
But Clegg argued that some of the biggest cuts programmes across the world in recent decades had been carried out by " centre- left governments " , including " the social democrats in Sweden , the Clinton administration [ in the US ] and the Liberals in Canada " .
He promised that while his party was part of the coalition there would be protection for the country 's poorest areas , including his own constituency in south Yorkshire .
" We 're not going to allow a great north - south divide to reappear , " he said , in an effort to allay fears triggered by the prime minister during the election .
David Cameron named the north - east and Northern Ireland as regions too dependent on the public sector .
Critics have attacked Clegg for changing his position on the deficit .
Before the election , his party warned that £ 6bn of immediate cuts risked pushing Britain into a double - dip recession .
But Clegg said he had been convinced by Bank of England governor Mervyn King and the situation in Greece .
The £ 6bn was a small part of the deficit that gave " breathing space " and provided a necessary " signal " to the market that the government was willing to act , he said .
He argued that failing to deal with the deficit would not be progressive because it would hit confidence and that would have an impact on jobs while interest rates would spike , hitting people who depended on low rates for their " livelihoods " .
" I say this with such urgency because I think what 's happening , bluntly , among the kind of centre - left community is a huge mistake – in thinking that even tackling the fiscal crisis is somehow an unprogressive thing to do .
Not tackling it would be a greater betrayal of our progressive ideals . "
But some were quick to hit back , arguing the policy risks derailing a fragile recovery already under threat from financial market turmoil and crises in Britain 's key eurozone trading partners .
" Now is not the time to be making severe cuts to the economy .
Cuts too deep and too soon risk the economy falling back into recession , " said Brendan Barber , TUC general secretary , which has warned that the plans could increase unemployment and the benefits bill .
Clegg will tour European capitals this week stressing that the coalition government wants to lead the debate in Europe .
He is also expected to make an announcement within days or weeks about the timing of a referendum on a new voting system .
CLASSIFIED US
Defence Department documents leaked to the WikiLeaks website this week suggest the Australian Defence Force covered up the killing of an Afghan policeman by Australian troops .
Buried among the 90,000 intelligence documents is a log entry about the killing of an Afghan man by an Australian mentoring and reconstruction taskforce ( MRTF ) patrol in the southern province of Oruzgan in December 2008 .
The initial report says a suspected suicide bomber approached the patrol and was shot dead .
The report was amended later in the day to show the man was a policeman , was not carrying explosives of any kind and that he was twice ordered to stop before he was shot .
The Chief of the Defence Force , Angus Houston , said in a statement five months later that the man had a ' ' suspicious wire leading across his body ' ' , and he was ordered twice through an interpreter to stop .
But Air Chief Marshal Houston did not disclose in the statement that the man was a police officer , or that he was not carrying explosives .
Democrat governors raise concerns over the lawsuit against Arizona ’s immigration law
According to this article , at the governors meeting that was held this weekend in Massachusetts several Democrat governors held a private meeting with White house officials on the issue of the federal challenge to Arizona ’s new controversial immigration law .
The theme was the same : this federal challenge comes at a bad time for Democrats who are worried that this lawsuit could backfire on them in the fall elections .
This was summed up best by Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen when he stated , “ it is such a toxic subject , such an important time for Democrats . ”
He is worried about the political fallout of the lawsuit against Arizona , not about what is right .
And I feel that this statement mirrors what many of the Democrats who attended this meeting fear– that this issue could hurt them politically at the polls in November .
This issue should hurt the Democrats at the polls and they should be worried because we are coming after them in full force in just a few short months – but I do find it interesting that people like Phil Bredesen look at this through a political prism first and do not look at it from the perspective of what the American people want .
This statement alone is proof enough that Democrats know that the people support Arizona and are opposed to amnesty for illegal aliens , but this statement also suggests that people like Phil Bredesen are in opposition to the American people on this issue .
Most Democrats support the lawsuit , and amnesty for illegals , they are not upset about the lawsuit , they are upset with the timing of the lawsuit because they feel it hurts their re-election prospects .
If these people cared about the American people and if the cared about what the American people wanted they would n’t be in such a dire predicament .
But the fact is they care more about their radical leftist ideology than they care about the American people .
This ideology puts them at odds with the vast majority of the American people , so they are upset that the Obama regime has filed a lawsuit against the Arizona law ; but they are not upset about the lawsuit , but rather the fact that the lawsuit will come before the elections in November .
We can clearly see where their priorities are , and they are not with the American citizens or the legal aliens in this country .
Their priorities are with the illegal aliens , they just wish that this lawsuit had n’t come in time to expose them .
But they have been exposed .
Submitted by april on 26 juin , 2010 - 16:49
in
Paris , le 26 Juin 2010 , communiqué de presse - Les représentants de La Quadrature du Net et de l'April ont rencontré les négociateurs français de l'ACTA , à quelques jours du prochain round de négociations de cet accord anti-contrefaçon .
Aucune réponse satisfaisante n'a été apportée sur les questions cruciales de l'interopérabilité et des dispositions visant à transformer les intermédiaires techniques du Net en police privée du copyright .
Les négociateurs de cet accord illégitime , pris dans le jeu de la négociation et du rapport de force avec les États - Unis , ont - ils vraiment la marge de manoeuvre nécessaire pour protéger nos libertés ?
Les 9 fonctionnaires des différents ministères représentant la France à la délégation européenne sont unanimes : pour eux , rien de dangereux dans cet accord , et rien qui ne dépasserait les limites des droits français et communautaire .
Alors que la réunion avait pour objectif de rassurer , c'est en réalité tout le contraire : des dispositions ( sanctions pénales ) ont , de l'aveu même des négociateurs , été identifiées comme allant clairement au - delà de l'acquis communautaire .
De plus , aucune réponse satisfaisante n'a été apportée au sujet de points fondamentaux du texte :
Les négociateurs ont été incapables de garantir que les politiques qui devront être mises en place par les fournisseurs d'accès et de services pour s'exonérer d'une responsabilité juridique accrue n'auront pas de graves conséquences sur les libertés fondamentales .
La perspective de voir les intermédiaires du Net transformés en police privée du copyright est donc confirmée .
Aucun droit à l'interopérabilité des « mesures techniques de protection » ( DRM ) .
Les DRM sont un frein au développement et à l'utilisation des logiciels libres .
Pour les utilisateurs de logiciels libres , la seule solution pour accéder légitimement à des œuvres prisonnières de ces « menottes numériques » est le contournement .
Cette solution n'a pas été garantie par les négociateurs français : les utilisateurs et les développeurs de logiciels libres pourraient donc être , lors de la transposition de l ' , de nouveau soumis à une pression juridique inaceptable .
L'ACTA reprend nombre de législations répressives contestées et bientôt soumises à révision au niveau européen , alors que leurs études d'impact n'ont toujours pas été réalisées ( directives IPRED , EUCD , etc. ) .
Les négociateurs ont implicitement confirmé que l'ACTA solidifierait ces législations , les rendant difficiles , sinon impossibles à modifier ultérieurement , tout en concourant insidieusement à les exporter vers les pays qui n'en ont pas d'équivalentes .
« Pressés de leur propre aveu par les négociateurs américains , les représentants français ont acté leur impuissance en disant se cantonner à la préservation des législations répressives existantes .
La position française vise clairement à faire perdurer des lois et des modèles obsolètes , au détriment de toute alternative constructive tendant vers l'intérêt général » déclare Tangui Morlier , président de l'April .
« Les négociateurs de l'ACTA jouent avec les législations répressives attaquant nos libertés comme d'autres jouent au poker .
Il est urgent de réagir et de leur demander des comptes .
Sinon nous accepterions implicitement que le futur d'Internet soit négocié derrière des portes closes plutôt que débattu démocratiquement » conclut Jérémie Zimmermann , porte - parole de l'initiative citoyenne La Quadrature du Net .
Walmart 's been pushing RFID for years now , using it to better manage the company 's vast inventories and understand where products are and how fast they 're approaching .
Now , the mega - retailer is about to take things to another level , and it just might push competitors into getting with the program .
As of now , there 's limited consumer - facing benefit to tracking pallets in transit , but a Wall Street Journal report suggests that Wally World will be placing radio - frequency ID tags on individual clothes .
The initiative is slated to kick off next month , and it's expected to help apparel managers know when certain sizes and colors are depleted and need to be restocked .
In theory , having this ability will ensure that consumers never see their desired size or hue as sold out , and if the clothing trial is successful , the tags could be rolled out to a near - infinite amount of kit .
Of course , privacy advocates are all wound up about the idea , though it seems as if most sniffing concerns could be dealt with if the tags were removed as customers departed the store .
Unless you 're leaving in a hurry , that is ...
Honey ?
Have you seen my key to the Internet ?...
It 's a card ...
It has a little gold thing thing on it .
Someone wrote on it in Sharpie ...
I do n't know why they wrote on it ...
Yes , that does seem like an odd thing to do .
Please , honey , focus .
Have you seen it ?
It 's importa ...
No , I 'm not being short with you ....
Yes , I understand that you can't check your email , that 's why I need the key to the Internet ...
No , I do n't think you 're an idiot ...
Yes , you do have things that are important to do .
I have things that are important to do , too .
Like find th ...
Let 's not get into a discussion about who has more important things to do ...
The junk drawer ?...
The one on the right ...
It 's stuck ...
Jiggle it ... I am jiggling ...
Look why do n't you come over here ...
Clicking the mouse repeatedly wo n't make the Internet come back , come over here and help !...
I 'm sorry ... I know ... I know ...
Your trying to ... I did n't mean to yell ...
There the drawer is open ...
It 's not in here ...
Yes , I pulled everything out ...
Pull the drawer out ...
It might have fallen behind ...
HERE IT ... wait ... no ...
It 's just a gift card for Circuit City ...
No , you ca n't use it to order yourself a new computer online right now ...
First of all , Circuit City went bankrupt ...
Yes , a couple years ago ...
Yes , I understand why , too ...
No , no one else will accept it online either ...
Because of the Internet and the catastrophe and the thing ...
That 's why I need the card .
Plus , you do n't need a new computer ...
You do ?...
Because of the email ...
Look .
Just forget I said anything ...
The past day has brought about a subject that , frankly , many of us did n’t know we cared about .
In fact , I ’d venture to say that many still are n’t aware why GPL makes any difference in our daily life .
The heart of this matter stems from a debate between Matt Mullenweg of WordPress and Chris Pearson of DIY
Themes .
I ’ll spare you the details here , but I encourage you to read our article for some back story .
In short , Mullenweg disagrees with Pearson ’s use of a license other than GPL for his Thesis theme .
The longer version , however , brings about a much deeper conversation .
In what could be a landmark case , Mullenweg has stated that it is possible that he will take Pearson to court over the issue .
So Why Do We Care ?
We care not only because WordPress powers over 3 million self - hosted blogs , but also because GPL covers so much of the software that we use on a daily basis :
Mozilla Firefox
MySQL
Numerous Linux distros
Java
The rights of those who build on these platforms are protected under the GPL .
That is to say that their intellectual property is protected , and so is their right to profit from that work .
While some have claimed issue with the GPL for being too wide - reaching , the overall consensus of the software world is positive .
What It Means To You .
If this case reaches courts , and chances are that it would , the sanctity of a big part of the free software movement could finally have a chance to be upheld by law .
As it stands , the majority of licensing issues concerning the GPL are settled far away from courtrooms , and that has worked fine .
But “ every dog has its day ” comes to mind as we are sitting on the verge of seeing these standards ruled over in a court of law .
If Mullenweg ’s accusations are proven , then the GPL is upheld .
However , if Pearson were to come out the winner of the case , then the GPL would n’t have legal grounds on which to stand .
From that point forward , anyone who built software under the GPL would lose the protection that they are afforded at this time .
Licensing and legalities as a whole would change .
Projects such as Mozilla could likely be no more , if there was not suitable licensing for it to work under .
Nobody wants their work stolen , nobody wants it copied outside of specific rules .
Software developers have a right to the protection of their property , and the GPL affords that .
The Proof .
One of Pearson ’s main arguments stemmed from his stance on profits .
He claimed numerous times during his conversation with Mullenweg that his profits would be harmed if he chose to license under the GPL .
However , there are a number of projects that the GPL covers that are profiting quite well .
John Saddington , editor of the 8bit network and the lead behind the Standard Theme project , is a perfect case in point .
In fact , he has written on this same subject , voicing his support for Mullenweg and the WordPress project as a whole .
From his article :
“ WordPress is powered by the community and without it WordPress would n’t be nearly as awesome as it is today .
But , it ’s all enabled by the founder ’s choice to use GPL as its base and by disrespecting GPL you disrespect others , their work , and the community that supports and uses it day - in and day - out .
Once you understand the symbiotic relationship between GPL and the community you realize and understand something very human : Dependence on others and the value that collaboration brings . ”
Bear in mind that the Standard Theme project is a profitable business that relies wholly on the success of WordPress .
Saddington makes no bones about his support for WordPress , or for the choice of the GPL as its licensing body .
Saddington is far from alone in this regard .
Many “ premium ” themes are available across a wide array of sites including WooThemes and ThemeJam , two of the most well known .
All of the themes on these sites fall under the GPL , and all of them manage to still turn a profit .
What ’s Next ?
In short , the waiting game .
We will have to wait and see what Mullenweg decides to do , as the ball certainly seems to be in his court at the moment .
After talking with numerous people today , and reading through the mounting number of comments on our original post , the majority seems to be in favor of Mullenweg ’s case .
Beyond the morality issues , and “ good of the people ” questions , there are legalities that have been raised .
One looming opinion is somewhat surprising .
A number of different people I ’ve talked to , including my Twitter friend Joe Manna , seem to be of the mindset that perhaps it ’s time to give the GPL its day in court .
Perhaps that not - so - silent majority is right .
Maybe we ’ve reached the point where , in order to move forward , we need a precedent to be set .
Is this the case that will do it ?
According to my Magic 8 - Ball , “ signs point to yes ” .
Read next : Android In Your Range Rover Sport ?
No Problem . [ Video ]
Hayabusa asteroid - sample capsule recovered in Outback
Jaxa says preliminary inspection indicates the capsule is intact
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
The Japanese space capsule which landed in the Australian Outback on Sunday night ( local time ) has been recovered .
The Hayabusa pod was picked up by a helicopter team and transferred to a control centre on the Woomera Prohibited Area .
The canister , which is believed to hold the first samples ever grabbed from the surface of an asteroid , will now be shipped to Tokyo .
The Japanese space agency ( Jaxa ) says the capsule looks to be intact .
The return was the culmination of a remarkable seven - year adventure , which saw Hayabusa visit asteroid Itokawa in 2005 and attempt to pluck dust from its surface before firing its engines for home .
The $ 200 m mission encountered many technical problems , from being hit by a solar flare to experiencing propulsion glitches .
But each time an issue came up , the Japanese project team found an elegant solution to keep Hayabusa alive and bring it back to Earth - albeit three years late .
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote
We 're pretty confident there 'll be something inside the spacecraft ” End Quote Dr Michael Zolensky Nasa Johnson Space Center
The re-entry on Sunday , at 1351 GMT , produced a spectacular fireball in the Australian night sky .
The main spacecraft broke apart in a shower of light .
As these bright streaks faded , a single point could then be seen racing to the ground .
This was the capsule protected against the 3,000 - degree heat generated in the fall by its carbon shield .
It took about an hour to locate the capsule by helicopter , its position tracked by radar and a beacon that was transmitting from inside the canister .
It was only when daylight came up on Monday , however , that a recovery team began to approach the 40 cm - wide pod which was lying on the ground still attached to its parachute .
A helicopter found the capsule about an hour after the return
The heat - shield , which was dumped by the canister in the final moments before touch - down , was also located .
Engineers will be keen to see how well it stood up to the 12 km / s descent .
In the coming days , the capsule will be prepared for its transfer out of the country .
Japanese , American and Australian scientists will open the canister in an ultra-clean , evacuated environment .
" The retrieved capsule will be transported to the Jaxa Sagamihara Campus in Kanagawa , " Dr Keiji Tachikawa , the president of Jaxa , said in a statement .
" First , the sample container will be inspected , and then the content will be extracted for analysis .
We hope to find the Itokawa 's surface material in the capsule , and contribute to understanding the origin and evolution of the Solar System . "
Even now , there is still some uncertainty as to whether the capsule really does contain pieces of Itokawa .
The Hayabusa spacecraft 's capture mechanism was supposed to shoot a ball bearing at Itokawa when it landed to kick up rock inside a collection horn .
An analysis of telemetry data suggests this mechanism may have malfunctioned at the crucial moment .
Nonetheless , scientists connected with the mission remain confident of success .
" It may have worked , it may not ; we just do n't know , " said Dr Michael Zolensky from Nasa 's Johnson Space Center .
" But even if it did n't work , the spacecraft landed for half an hour on the surface , and during that landing - it was a hard landing - it should have collected a sample even without firing anything .
So , we 're pretty confident there 'll be something inside the spacecraft , " he told BBC News .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
If that is confirmed , it would be the first time fragments of rock have been picked up off the surface of an asteroid and returned to Earth , and only the fourth extraterrestrial sample brought to our planet by a spacecraft .
Those other materials include the Moon rocks recovered by US and Soviet missions ; cometary dust captured by the American Stardust probe ; and particles in the " solar wind " returned by the Genesis spacecraft , also operated by the US .
But scientists caution it could be some weeks before the presence of any dust in the Hayabusa capsule can be established .
Professor Monica Grady , from the UK's Open University , said she hoped to get to work on some of the material .
" One of the great things about this type of science is that it is very collaborative , " she told BBC News .
" Preliminary investigation teams will look to see what minerals the dust is made from , whether there is any carbon in there or any organics .
And then scientists all over the world will be assigned very , very tiny amounts - just a few grains .
" Because the instruments we now have are so sophisticated , we only need a few grains to find out an awful lot of information . "
Scientists hope the Itokawa samples will give them new insights into the make - up of asteroids and help them understand better the early history of the Solar System , which formed more than 4.5 billion years ago .
Rocks on Earth are useless for this purpose because they have been recycled many times through weathering and plate tectonic processes .
Many asteroids , on the other hand , contain materials that have been altered little over the course of the past few billion years .
Marquee decoration ideas aplenty here .
You will probably find that decorating your marquee may be left up to you and it ’s sometimes hard to know what to put in such a large space .
I ’ve got a few pointers here to get you started and tie your marquee in with your theme and style using your wedding colours .
Marquee Decorations Ideas [… ]
Chile president rules out pardon for military abuses Published duration 25 July 2010
image caption
The church proposal outraged victims ' rights groups
President Sebastian Pinera of Chile has rejected a plea by the Roman Catholic Church that he pardon members of the armed forces over human rights abuses committed during military rule .
Mr Pinera said the proposal had caused division in Chile and reopened old wounds .
He said there could be no pardon for serious offences such as murder and crimes against humanity .
More than 3,000 Chileans were killed by the military between 1973 and 1990 .
The Chilean Bishops ' Conference had urged Mr Pinera to show clemency to long - serving inmates who had shown repentance , in a gesture to mark 200 years of Chilean independence .
In a letter last week , the bishops said that not all of those convicted of crimes under the rule of General Augusto Pinochet shared equal responsibility .
' Old wounds '
But Mr Pinera rejected the suggestion saying : " I have reached the conclusion that it would not be prudent or convenient in the current circumstances to promote a new law of general pardon .
" These proposals continue to create tensions and divisions between Chileans , and have reopened old wounds and the rancours of the past . "
He said individual cases would be considered in a " very prudent and restrictive manner , " but not if they involved serious crimes such as murder , terrorism , rape or crimes against humanity .
The bishop 's proposal provoked anger among families of those tortured and killed or disappeared under military rule .
Mr Pinera , who took office in March , is Chile 's first conservative president since the end of military rule in 1990 .
[ KKR ] has set up a corporate subsidiary that can increase the stated value of its assets based on the gain realized by insiders who sell some or all of their stake in the company .
This written - up value is tax - deductible to the corporation over 15 years , with the tax savings flowing through to the partnership .
( It 's what tax techies call a 754 election . )
This nifty little move reduces the partnership 's taxes .
Does KKR distribute those savings to its owners equally ?
Nope .
It passes on 85 % of its savings to the selling insiders , even if it has to borrow the cash to make the payments .
( I should say " will pass on " ; insiders have n't yet sold any units . ) ...
Here 's the math .
Say Henry Kravis sells $ 1 million of units , generating $ 1 million of taxable income .
He pays $ 150,000 in federal taxes , assuming all his proceeds are long - term capital gains .
Let 's say half that gain -- $ 500,000 -- becomes deductible to KKR 's corporation at a 35 % rate .
This saves KKR $ 175,000 in taxes over 15 years .
Of this , $ 149,000 -- the aforementioned 85 % -- goes to Kravis .
The payments to Kravis beget further deductions for KKR , begetting further payments to Kravis , and so on .
You end up with about $ 206,000 in payments to Kravis .
Adjust for the fact that they 're spread over 15 years , and they 're equivalent to about $ 150,000 today .
So the public firm would be giving Kravis tax - sharing payments about equivalent to his tax bill , assuming , as I said before , that all his profits are capital gains .
...
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below . )
Massachusetts legislators were locked in negotiations Thursday over casino gambling legislation .
But the talks centered not on whether to have gambling in the state at all , but rather on what kind .
That 's a major leap forward for the former home of the Puritans , which has for decades fended off attempts to bring casino gambling within its borders .
For the first time in the state , gambling has the support of both houses of the Bay State 's legislature , as well as the governor 's office .
But legalization may still fail because of one issue : whether or not to allow slot machines at state 's existing racetracks in addition to several stand - alone casino resorts .
Legislators favoring competing bills from the House , which includes the racetrack carve - out , and the Senate , which does not , have been in negotiations for weeks .
On Thursday evening the two sides still had not come to an agreement on that issue , but were directing staff to start drafting a new bill in order to get it to the governor for a Saturday deadline , when the legislative session ends .
The same recessionary forces that in recent years led such states as Ohio and Maryland to embrace gambling , coupled with a leadership change in the Massachusetts legislature , have brought casinos new appreciation in a state that did n't even permit Sunday liquor sales until six years ago .
Temperament
Alaskan Klee Kais shed , bark and have a high energy level , therefore not making them ideal choices for everyone .
Without the proper amount of daily and physical exercise they can become high strung .
However , if in an appropriate home , the Klee Kai can be a wonderful companion .
They are friendly but somewhat reserved with strangers .
Socialize well .
Docile and very loving , they need the humans around them to be calm but firm , confident and consistent pack leaders .
Do not allow the Alaskan Klee Kai to develop Small Dog Syndrome .
Ray Bradbury , who turns 90 this year , is well - known for his novels and short stories , but his personal life has remained remarkably private over the years .
Sam Weller ’s recent interview collection ,
, allows a rare look into the unbelievable life of a public figure who is nevertheless in many ways a recluse .
Here are a few things that we learned .
1 . Many people know that Ray Bradbury wrote his most famous work ,
in just nine days on a rented typewriter in the basement of the UCLA library .
However , what was n’t known until recently is that in the process of writing the novel , he made a unique friend : Ernest Hemingway ’s son .
They rode the same bus every morning to the library and got to talking .
Hemingway told the stranger that his favorite writers were “ Asimov , Clarke , and Bradbury , ” and the two remained friends for decades .
2. Bradbury had uncredited involvement with a number of famous films .
Most notably , he wrote the script for Nicholas Ray ’s King of Kings , as well as the original version of It Came from Outer Space .
Additionally , he wrote a number of episodes of Alfred Hitchcock Presents , and even turned down the opportunity to adapt The Birds ( which was originally a novel ) for the famous director .
He later regretted passing up the opportunity , because he hated the ending : “ If I had written it , it would have been beautiful . ”
3 . At one point , Charles Addams proposed that he and Bradbury merge their fictional families and collaborate on what became The Addams Family .
Although the collaboration never materialized , Addams independently illustrated a number of Bradbury ’s stories .
4. Bradbury has had a comet , a crater on the moon , and a Starfleet ship on Star Trek : The Next Generation named in his honor , all by influential fans .
5 . In many ways , Bradbury was a writer of intuition .
In Fahrenheit 451 , Bradbury was the first to predict the invention of flat - screen TVs , televised surveillance footage , ear - bud headphones , and ATMs — in the space of the nine days he spent writing the novel .
However , it was n’t until later that he realized how subtle his subconscious instincts really were : without knowing it , he ’d named his four main characters after a paper company ( Montag ) , a pencil company ( Faber ) , an envelope company ( Granger ) , and a now - gone office supply chain ( Beatty ) .
6. Ray Bradbury never went to college .
Instead , he went to the library all day , three times a week , until he got married at 27 .
To this day , he regularly organizes fundraisers for libraries , and refuses to touch e-reader devices like the Kindle .
7 . In addition to writing books , Bradbury has written plays , composed a science - fiction operetta , created a cartoon which was nominated for an Academy Award , and drafted blueprints for the United States Pavilion in the 1964 World ’s Fair , Horton Plaza in San Diego , and attractions at Disney ’s Epcot .
8 . In a radically brave move , Bradbury took out a newspaper ad and published an article criticizing the Red Scare at its peak , and at a time when his livelihood depended on Hollywood .
Although it meant losing his agent and many of his friends , who were too terrified to support him , he was confident that they could n’t touch him — and he was right .
A week later he got another gig , and never had trouble getting work again .
9 . Despite being hailed as “ the poet of the Rocket Age , ” Bradbury actually did n’t ride an airplane until he was 62 .
Furthermore , to date , he has never used a computer .
He writes on an old IBM Selectric typewriter or dictates his stories to his daughter over the phone .
This is n’t as much of an obstacle as one might think ; since Fahrenheit 451 , Bradbury rarely writes for more than two hours a day .
He explained to Weller that he simply writes very quickly and does n’t edit much .
10 . Despite his fame , Bradbury has had his share of rejection , too .
For a long time , he could n’t get a publication outside of science fiction magazines .
It was Truman Capote who finally recognized Bradbury ’s talent , pulled his story “ Homecoming ” out of the slush pile , and convinced his editor at Mademoiselle to buy it .
The New Yorker has only ever printed one of his stories , even though he ’s sent them several hundred over the years .
And only a few years ago , The Paris Review declined to publish an interview with him because they found him “ too enthusiastic . ”
A glossary of terms used in the body of this dictionary .
See also Wiktionary : Glossary , which contains terms used elsewhere in the Wiktionary community and Appendix : Glossary of rhetoric , which explains commonly used rhetorical terms .
Table of Contents : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
A
B
back - formation
A term formed by removing an apparent or real prefix or suffix from an older term ; for example , the noun pea arose because the final /z/ sound in pease sounded like a plural suffix .
Similarly , the verb edit is a back - formation from the earlier noun editor .
Not to be confused with clipping , which just shortens a word without changing meaning or part of speech .
backronym
A word that is either not an acronym but is taken to be one and for which a full form is invented by back - formation , or is an acronym and for which an alternative full form is invented by back - formation .
backslang
A form of slang in which the spelling of words is reversed .
bahuvrihi Nominal compound in which the first part modifies the second and neither part alone conveys the intended meaning .
barytone
With the stress elsewhere than upon the final syllable .
Compare with oxytone , paroxytone , and proparoxytone .
BC Before Christ .
Year - numbering system equivalent to BCE .
BCE Before the Common Era .
Year - numbering system equivalent to BC .
AD is expressed as CE .
To automatically switch most dates to use the " BC " / " AD " style , visit WT : Per - browser preferences .
blend A word or name that combines two words , typically starting with the start of one word and ending with the end of another , such as smog ( from smoke and fog ) or Wiktionary ( from wiki and dictionary ) .
Many blends are portmanteaus .
borrowing , borrowed See loanword .
bowdlerization
The removal , from a text , of words or phrases that are considered offensive or vulgar .
C
D
Of or relating to a dialect .
Not linguistically standard .
E
F
G
gemination A phenomenon when a consonant is pronounced for an audibly longer period of time than is done normally .
gender A way of classifying nouns in some languages .
In such languages , each noun has a specific gender ( often determined by its meaning and / or form ) , and other words ( especially adjectives and pronouns ) will often change form to agree with the noun 's gender .
See also noun class .
genericized trademark A successful brand name or trademark that has come to refer to the generic class of objects rather than the specific brand type .
genitive case A case that expresses possession or relation , equivalent to the English of .
gerund
Any of various non-finite verb forms in various languages .
In English , a " gerund " is a verb in its - ing form when used in a way that resembles the use of a noun .
In other languages it often functions as an adverb to form adverbial phrases or the continuous tense .
grave accent A diacritic mark ( ` ) used in many languages to distinguish the pronunciations of vowels .
H
I
J
jussive mood
In certain languages ( e.g. Hebrew , Arabic and Esperanto ) , a mood of a verb used to indicate a command , permission or agreement with a request ( distinct from the imperative ) .
K
Katharevousa
The classically based artificial ( standardized ) Greek language created at the start of Greece 's independence from the Ottoman Empire .
It was used for all formal and official purposes until 1976 .
( Note : In Wiktionary , Katharevousa terms are entered under ( modern ) Greek . )
( See Katharevousa on Wikipedia .
Wikipedia Kulturwort
A type of Wanderwort which is specific to a particular culture or which is spread by an influential cross-cultural phenomenon .
Kulturworts ( or Kulturwörter ) are often names of products distributed by trade and religious or ideological terms .
L
locative case , loc .
" Locative " .
A case used to indicate place , or the place where , or wherein .
It corresponds roughly to the English prepositions " in " , " on " , " at " , and " by " .
Some languages use the same locative case construct to indicate when , so the English phrase " in summer " would use the locative case construct .
locative - qualitative case Nouns in the form of the locative - qualitative case are qualifiers in the sentence and signify the locational or temporal mark of the qualified word .
The qualifier is not specific but general or universalized .
see Appendix : Uyghur nouns .
loosely Indicates an imprecise use of words ; short for loosely speaking .
Contrast strict or narrow sense ; strictly .
M
N
O
P
p. post or after , often used in quotations .
Hence , a quotation from " p. 1924 " is a quotation from no earlier than 1924 .
plural .
palatalization
In some cases , the state or quality of being palatalized , i.e. of pronouncing a sound with the tongue against the palate of the mouth that normally is not so pronounced .
Some languages , such as Russian and Irish , have pairs of palatalized and unpalatalized consonant phonemes .
R
relative clause A subordinate clause that modifies a noun .
In The man who I saw yesterday is leaving today , the clause who I saw yesterday is a relative clause .
In English , relative clauses are often introduced by a relative pronoun such as who , which or that , but other languages often have different strategies for marking relative clauses .
( see Relative clause on Wikipedia .
Wikipedia respelling A different spelling of a word , especially to show its pronunciation .
retronym
A new word or phrase coined for an old object or concept whose original name has become used for something else or is no longer unique ( such as acoustic guitar where guitar used to mean this but can now also refer to an electric guitar ) .
rhetoric
1 . The art of effective or persuasive speaking or writing .
2 . A string of words that are designed to impress or confuse , rather than communicate .
See also Appendix : Glossary of rhetoric .
rhetorical question A question to which the speaker does not expect an answer Romanization , Romanisation Transliteration of a string in a non-Latin script into the Latin or Roman one : for instance , σ υ γγνώμ η can be romanized as singnómi .
root
The part of a word that forms its core and gives its most basic meaning ; also the part of the word that is left when all affixes are removed .
For example , in insubordination , the root is ord , while in unspeakableness it is speak .
The root is often the first part of the word ( as in Uralic and often in Indo - European languages ) , but it may also be the last part , or it may only consist of the consonants of the word ( as in the Afroasiatic languages ) .
S
T
U
UK UK English , that is , the English of the United Kingdom .
unadapted borrowing A loanword that has not been conformed to the morpho-syntactic , phonological and / or phonotactical rules of the target language .
For example , English cubiculum is an unadapted borrowing from Latin cubiculum , while English cubicle is a standard borrowing from the same Latin word .
uncomparable , not comparable ( of adjectives ) unable to be compared , or lacking a comparative and superlative function .
See comparable .
Examples of adjectives that are not comparable : annual , first , extra , satin , six - figure .
uncountable , uncountable noun , mass noun A noun that cannot be used freely with numbers or the indefinite article , and which therefore usually takes no plural form .
For example , the English noun information is a mass noun , and at least in its principal senses is uncountable in most varieties of English .
For those senses , we cannot say that we have * one information , nor that we have * many information ( or * many informations ) .
Similarly , the main sense of butter is the uncountable sense , so the plural form butters is seldom used , although it occasionally is used to mean " types of butter " ( many herb butters contain garlic ) or " [ packets of ] butter " ( the latter represents a class of exceptions in which uncountable nouns may be used in the plural form as an implicit reference to the container : get me a water , order two sodas , have a few beers ) .
Many languages do not distinguish between countable and uncountable nouns .
Antonym : countable , or count noun .
undeclinable see : indeclinable univerbation A single word formed from a fixed expression of several words .
For example , the single word albeit comes from the Middle English expression al be it , in which al means although .
usage notes Additional information on current and historic use of the term in written or spoken language .
V
W
Wanderwort or wanderword A wordform which has spread over a substantial area , or to many regions , outside of that of its language of origin , typically due to cultural exchange resulting from travel and trade .
Wanderworts are a type of loanword , but a Wanderwort may or may not be an areal word .
See also Kulturwort .
Contrast strata .
weak pronoun
A pronoun of one syllable which is dependent on another word and cannot be used on its own ; sometimes called clitic .
Compare with emphatic or strong .
weak verb
In Germanic languages , a verb that forms the past tense using a suffix containing a dental consonant ( d , t , ð or similar ) .
Verbs of this type are considered " regular " in most Germanic languages , but there are also irregular weak verbs , such as English think , thought and have , had .
Contrast strong verb , preterite - present verb .
WMF Wikimedia Foundation , Inc. , the parent organization of Wiktionary and other projects .
women 's speech
In certain languages ( for example , Karajá language ) , men and women use or historically used distinct words and inflected forms .
X
X -SAMPA Extended SAMPA , a system for representing the full International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) in plain text ( ASCII ) .
For a template that converts X - SAMPA to IPA , see {{x2i}} .
Y
Z
Gulf spill could boost energy reform
I 've just obtained an interesting new poll that suggests Dems have a real opportunity to seize on the Gulf spill to make energy reform a major issue , perhaps even in the midterm elections .
The poll strongly supports the view , expressed by Al Gore and many others , that the spill represents a real chance to achieve a fundamental shift in the public conversation on energy reform .
It shows how absurd it is that so many in the Senate have decided that the spill should make reform less likely .
The poll -- done for Clean Energy Works , a coalition of environmental groups , by Joel Benenson , who 's also Obama 's chief pollster -- was sent over by a source , and you can read it right here .
Key findings :
* Overall , 61 percent of 2010 voters support and just 31 percent oppose a bill " that will limit pollution , invest in domestic energy sources and encourage companies to use and develop clean energy .
It would do this in part by charging energy companies for carbon pollution in electricity or fuels like oil . "
* 54 percent would be more likely to re-elect their Senator if he or she voted for the bill ( just 30 percent would be less likely to re-elect ) .
* 51 percent would be less likely to re-elect their Senator if he or she voted against the bill ( just 30 percent would be more likely ) .
* 39 percent of voters now say they are more likely to support it in the wake of the oil spill .
Also :
The poll tested a key argument by reform foes -- that it would hike gas prices and hurt middle class families -- and found only 31 percent agree .
" The American people think it 's more urgent to take action now , " Benenson tells me .
" Americans do n't find credible the scare tactics of those who remain opposed to this .
It 's a potentially potent issue with Amerian voters .
It is kind of issue that for many key constituencies defines the basic values of their elected officials and candidates . "
To be sure , one key difficulty still remains :
To what extent should expanded offshore drilling still be part of the energy reform solution ?
Right now , it looks as if the compromise that senators John Kerry and Joe Lieberman will unveil later this week will contain a watered down version of it , in order to keep Senate liberals aboard .
It behooves Dems to sort out a compromise energy reform package they can support and start moving on it now .
If the above numbers are to be believed , there 's a real opportunity to turn the Gulf spill into what Gore called a " consciousness - shifting event . "
Right now .
GRANITE —
The Granite police chief is accused of setting an alleged drunken driver free because he 's friends with the driver 's father .
The officer who arrested the man is accused of making an unlawful traffic stop .
The issue ended up Thursday in front of the five - member town board of trustees , where it was decided that both men would be reprimanded , Mayor Tony Scarborough said .
Scarborough said he moved to fire Police Chief David Gilchrist and officer Chris Whilhite for the incident , but cooler heads prevailed .
The decision to reprimand them came out of a heated meeting that lasted more than three hours , he said .
Town trustees have not determined what the reprimand will entail .
Scarborough said they thought it best to decide at their regular meeting July 12 when emotions are not running so high .
The arrest involved a 20 - year - old Granite man .
Two years ago , the man received a deferred sentence on a drunken driving conviction .
He was brought Monday to the Greer County jail but never booked .
Witnesses there said Whilhite and Gilchrist argued outside the office for about 20 minutes ; then Whilhite came in and released the man .
The mayor said Whilhite alleges he was forced to let the driver go because Gilchrist knows the man 's father .
" Everything I did was legal and by the book , ” Whilhite said before Thursday 's meeting .
" I simply arrested the wrong person . ”
Gilchrist declined to comment .
The case has been turned over to the Greer County district attorney 's office .
Scarborough said town trustees concluded both the police chief and officer were in the wrong .
He said that even though the arrest may have been warranted , the officer should have stopped the suspect in city limits instead of waiting until he was outside of town .
As for the police chief , Scarborough said , it was determined he acted on emotion , not facts .
" They both put the city at risk and blemished the integrity of the Granite Police Department , ” he said .
Tevatron Particle Study Finds Exciting New Clue to Why Everything Exists
A glimpse of " the toe of God "
Before I show you the video , please try to absorb what that means to journalism .
This man was , to the far right , a respected blogger who broke news , made news , even made UP news .
And now today , IF THE ALLEGATIONS ARE TRUE ... is revealed to be nothing but a common traiter to fundamentalist Islamic terrorists .
This will have lasting effects on other bloggers .
Who can you trust ?
How you can even be sure about what you 're reading and seeing with your own eyes if you can't believe a journalist and his video ?!
Now , view this breaking piece and ask yourself ... would you trust someone who commiserates with Al Q'aeda ?
Would you believe anything written by someone who ... " Hearts " ... terrorists ?
Flying giants :
Incredibly rare display as manta rays leap 9ft out of water into the air
They could be mistaken for strange - looking birds but these creatures are actually manta rays , leaping a staggering nine feet in the air .
The plucky animals , which measure just over three feet wide , demonstrate their acrobatic skills by bursting out of the water .
Once airborne they to flap their impressive fins in what looks like an attempt to fly .
Water leap !
A manta ray soars out of the sea a staggering three metres in the air
Somersault :
Two flying manta rays put on a display before diving back into the water
And , if they 're feeling particularly playful , some even manage a somersault before plummeting back into the water with an impressive splash .
Incredibly rare : Roland and Julia Seitre were treated to an extraordinary acrobatic display
Photographers Roland and Julia Seitre captured the spectacle off the coast of Costa Rica , Central America .
The French couple had sailed six miles out to sea in the hope of catching sight of some whales but were also treated to this extraordinary rare acrobatic display .
Mr Seitre said : ' The males jumped clear out of the water , up to three metres [ 9 ft ] high .
' They flapped their wings during the few seconds of flight , before hitting the surface with a loud banging noise .
' Some think it is a way to attract female attention as we saw pairs close by .
' Numerous males take off and land one after another .
' The bangs are so loud it 's like you 're being close to a hunting party with guns .
' Occasionally one seems to have even more fun by doing a somersault .
' This kind of behaviour is extremely unpredictable and incredibly rare to witness .
' We were so lucky , it was a complete coincidence that we were there in the first place . '
He added : ' These manta rays are beautiful .
' Their large wing - shaped bodies and slow motion make them excellent sea gliders .
' They not only impress with their size but also with their very elegant flight into the blue oceans . '
The manta ray is the largest of the all the rays .
They can grow up to 25ft across and weigh around 5,100lb .
Graceful : Looking as though it 's flapping its ' wings ' the amazing animal leaps through the air
The species are found in tropical waters and feed mostly on plankton , which is filtered into their bodies through their gills as swim .
Perfectly stream - lined for gliding through the water , the manta ray can reach speeds of up to 7mph .
Slick Moves from the Ghetto ( well , sidewalk ... )
Many of us will never reduce our spending even though we know it 's beneficial .
We put it on our to - do list , only to leave it there indefinitely .
But do n't fret , you probably are n't missing much more than these 17 things .
( See also : Reduce Your Credit Limits to Manage Your Spending )
1 . A job you like instead of one that makes you money .
The vast majority of us work because we need the income .
If you have great spending habits , you can work on jobs that you are passionate about instead of one that just pay your bills .
Over time , you might end up making more money .
2 . A safety net for unexpected events .
Accidents will happen sooner or later .
You do n't have to reduce your spending if you have a job that makes you oodles of money , but for the majority of us , get busy !
3 . The beauty of less clutter .
Do you remember rediscovering all your spending memories when you move ?
Unfortunately for us , most of what we buy is usually useless .
If we spend less , we just have less to throw away !
4. Less clutter in the house .
Forget waiting until we move .
When we buy less , we have less clutter so there is more room for us to enjoy .
5 . Less stress from the little costs .
Gas prices are creeping up again , but I 'm not too worried because it's a very small portion of how much I 'm able to save every month .
If I lived paycheck to paycheck , then I need to worry big time even though I can't really do much about it .
6 . Ability to make investments when they are undervalued , not when money finally comes your way .
Wealthy people can invest more when the market is down because they have the cash .
Can you ?
7. Quitting when you want .
Many people want to quit but they can 't .
Reason ?
No savings and too much spending .
Funny how this is as much a problem for high income earners as well as low .
For some people , their paycheck is never enough .
8 . Being a good example for your kids .
We all want the best for our kids and want to teach them sound financial fundamentals .
If we can't control our spending , how can we expect anyone to ?
9 . Feeling financially secure .
Need I say more ?
10 . Sharpening your mind .
Spending less is not as easy as spending whenever you feel like .
When you need to think more , you train your mind .
It 's like going to the gym but instead of toning your muscles , you are sharpening your brain cells .
11 . Money to ride the emotional waves .
When you are living paycheck to paycheck and cash flow is always tight , it is very hard to stay calm when the stock market tanks .
More savings means that you are less dependent on short term results , which often translates to better long term success .
12 . Less debt .
No matter how you spin it , there is no good debt .
Three words for you : eliminate , eliminate , and eliminate .
13 . Affordability increases .
Less spending equals more savings .
With more at the bank , you have comfort knowing that you can afford something even if you do n't end up buying it .
Sounds insignificant , but this is very powerful .
14 . Better interest rates .
Bank managers have the power to increase your CD interest rates .
The higher your savings with a bank , the higher the chances that you will be offered a better rate .
( This works for online savings accounts too , so it 's not just brick and mortar banks . )
15 . More privileges with more assets .
Wealthy clients do n't just get better interest rates , they get much more attention too .
This means your questions are answered more thoroughly , and your needs better met .
16 . Cheaper loans .
Part of our credit score is dependent upon the ratio of our available credit and the debt we carry .
If we lower our spending and increase this ratio , it will translate to better credit scores , and thus cheaper loans .
17 . Freedom .
Spending less is not just about money but rather flexibility .
Imagine saying no to your boss because you can , imagine not knowing what the stock market did because it does n't matter , and imagine what you can do if you just reduce your spending today .
Jailbreaking iPhone apps is now legal
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
IPhone users can now legally hack their phones to download applications that are n't in Apple 's App Store .
The U.S. Copyright Office , a division of the Library of Congress , has authorized several new exemptions to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , one of which will allow mobile phone users to " jailbreak " -- or hack into -- their devices to use apps not authorized by the phone 's manufacturer .
The new rules will be published on Tuesday in the Federal Register .
Jailbreaking iPhones in order to download apps that are unavailable in Apple 's App Store had been a legal gray area : Apple technically had the right to request a $ 2,500 government fine for damages every time a user violated the law that bans " circumvention of technological measures " controlling access to copyrighted works -- in this case , the iPhone 's iOS software .
Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) never actually requested that a fine be levied on an iPhone customer .
But it fought to preserve its right to : Apple filed an objection last year to the rule the Copyright Office has now adopted .
The Copyright Office 's decision means that jailbreakers will not face legal sanctions , but phone makers are still free to fight back technologically against the practice .
Apple typically voids the warranty on iPhones that owners have hacked .
The company maintains that tampering with the iPhone can introduce bugs and glitches .
" Apple 's goal has always been to insure that our customers have a great experience with their iPhone , and we know that jailbreaking can severely degrade the experience , " a company spokeswoman said in response to the Copyright Office ruling .
" The vast majority of customers do not jailbreak their iPhones . "
The Copyright Office also renewed and expanded its 2006 decision allowing mobile phone users to jailbreak their phones in order to switch carriers .
Previously , the office allowed firmware updates to enable network - switching ; this week , it added a provision allowing software hacks as well .
In other words , iPhone users can now legally download software that will enable their phones to join a non-AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) network .
The Copyright Office conducts an extensive rulemaking process every three years to determine what exemptions should be granted to the DMCA 's anti-circumvention provisions .
Each cycle , the office 's previous exemptions expire unless they are renewed .
This time around , the Copyright Office granted six exemptions .
In addition jailbreaking provisions , it renewed an exemption allowing e-book copy controls to be circumvented to enable read - aloud functions or to render the text into a specialized format .
That 's a clause advocates for the blind fought for .
The agency also granted an exemption allowing users to break DVD copyright controls to extract snippets of copyrighted movies for the purpose of incorporating them into new works , so long as the new creation is noncommercial .
Known as " vidding , " such remixing is a popular hobby among fan artists , and their creations are widely available for viewing on YouTube .
The ruling does n't remove all of the legal murk around vidding .
Creators still need to ensure that their clips meet " fair use " guidelines , and the Copyright Office specified that its exemption applies only to motion - picture snippets extracted " for the purpose of criticism or comment . "
But advocates say the decision is a big step forward .
Hollywood movie studios had long held that ripping DVDs for any purpose whatsoever is a violation of the DMCA .
" This ruling is useful because it removes a tool that was able to be deployed over and above copyright law that already has fair - use safety valves , " said Rebecca Tushnet , a law professor at Georgetown University who testified in favor of the exception at a Library of Congress rulemaking hearing last year .
" Now we 're back to where we should have been all along , and we can continue the conversation about what 's reasonable fair use . "
Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) declined to comment on the implications for YouTube of the new exemption .
Lobbying group Electronic Frontier Foundation , which requested and backed the jailbreaking and remixing exemptions , celebrated its victory on Monday .
" We are thrilled to have helped free jailbreakers , unlockers and vidders from this law 's overbroad reach , " Jennifer Granick , EFF 's civil liberties director , said in a prepared statement .
" The Copyright Office recognizes that the primary purpose of the locks on cell phones is to bind customers to their existing networks , rather than to protect copyright . "
DETROIT — This shrinking city needs to hang on to people like Johnette Barham : taxpaying , middle - class professionals who invest in local real estate , work and play downtown , and make their home here .
Ms. Barham just left .
And she 's not coming back .
In seven years as a homeowner in Detroit , she endured more than 10 burglaries and break - ins at ...
Every issue of every woman 's magazine has an expansive new list of love - making secrets .
How is that possible ?
Do women 's magazine editors reshape their genitals every 30 days ?
Are there really so many poontang discoveries being made that you can tell us 50 new stunts to perform on one each month ?
It 's like they 're writing articles specifically for Ice T to pleasure the dunes of his wife 's ever - shifting booty landscape .
I always thought I had the qualities to be a great women 's magazine editor .
I 'm constantly listing things your vaginas should do .
I 'm morally reprehensible and judgmental .
Plus check out this sex advice : Ladies , if you and your sex partner need a Cosmopolitan top 10 list to find your g- spot , let me spoil the ending : apology and a good night 's sleep .
Besides , the g - spot is all a big snipe hunt invented by the pipe cleaner industry anyway .
There 's only one g- spot and it moves from woman to woman .
It 's invisible to science and the only thing you can be sure of is that it 's never in the woman you 're digging around in .
For more tips for the woman and the home , please enjoy Penis : For Women .
Related :
Yelp is continuing it ’s location - oriented dominance , now boasting close to one million downloads of their Android app since last December when it launched .
Their number of active mobile users is growing by 50 percent each week , and now stands at 2.5 million .
A large portion of this number does come from their iPhone userbase , but the recent addition of check-ins and more Foursquare - like elements such as badges is in large part responsible for the rapid growth of Yelp on all platforms .
Mobile use still only accounts for 7 percent of the 34 million total users of the social rating and local search service between apps and the Yelp website , but those using a smartphone make up 27 percent of all searches queried .
Yelp ’s mobile presence is slightly greater than Foursquare who they now directly challenge on the check - in front .
Do you count yourself among the millions using Yelp , or is another location - based social service the only worthy of any storage space on your phone ?
[ via TechCrunch ]
BP gingerly moved ahead with tests of its newly sealed oil well Friday , stepping up scanning the sea floor for leaks that would signal potential problems with an operation that has rarely gone as planned .
The gusher of oil that has been fouling the gulf since late April was turned off Thursday when BP closed a valve on a new well cap , erasing the roiling clouds of crude that day after day have fed the largest oil spill in U.S. history .
But the underwater video scenes of clear water may just be temporary .
If the pressure in the sealed wellhead does n't rise to a certain point and stay steady , that will indicate oil is seeping into the seabed from the well hole , a situation that could make matters worse .
If that happens , BP will immediately open the cap valves , let oil escape from the top and resume a collection operation that has been capturing some of the leak and funneling it to ships .
A key test designed to reveal how intact – or damaged – the deep - sea well hole is got off to a good start early Friday when well pressure readings rose to 6,700 pounds per square inch .
But when the pressure increase stalled , federal officials ordered BP to increase monitoring .
" We 're at the point where there 's enough uncertainty … we need to be careful not to do any harm , " said Thad Allen , the retired Coast Guard admiral who is overseeing the spill response .
After consulting with scientists Friday afternoon , Allen told BP to take more seismic soundings of the seabed and expand its monitoring of the seafloor .
A federal ship with the ability to detect methane bubbles in the water – signaling a leak – was also called into action .
Allen said there are alternate explanations of why the pressure rise had not been greater once the well was " shut in " by the cap :
There could be a breach in the well hole , or three months of leaking could have disgorged so much crude that the underlying oil reservoir is depleted .
" We 're taking this one step at a step , " Allen said , adding that engineering teams are reevaluating the test procedure every six hours .
-- Bettina Boxall
Decision forest
This page contains a brief description of the RDF classification and regression algorithm .
Prior to reading this page , it is necessary that you look through the paper on the general principles of data analysis methods .
It contains important information which , to avoid duplication ( as it is of great significance for each algorithm in this section ) , is removed to a separate page .
RDF ( Random Decision Forest ) Algorithm
The RDF algorithm is a modification of the original Random Forest algorithm designed by Leo Breiman and Adele Cutler .
Two ideas are in combination with each other in this algorithm : these are the use of a decision tree committee getting the result by voting , and the idea of training process randomization .
The algorithm is briefly described below : / text : >
Let us assume that the training set has a size N , and the number of independent variables is equal to M .
Let us add three input parameters : a ratio r ( 0 ≤ r ≤ 1 ) , a number of attributes m ≤ M , and a number of trees NTrees ≥
1 .
Using primary training set , let us generate a random sample sized as r�N ( without repetitions ) .
Let the training set elements that failed to get into the sample be used later on for estimating the generalization error .
Based on the generated sample , let us grow a decision tree .
For each node of the tree , randomly choose m variables on which to base the decision at that node .
Calculate the best split based on these m variables in the training set .
The tree is fully grown and is never pruned .
The procedure is reiterated NTrees times .
The trees grown unite to form a committee deciding by voting .
Algorithm Discussion
Advantages of the algorithm :
High training speed
Noniterative training : the algorithm is completed at a fixed number of operations
Scalability ( capacity for processing large data volumes )
High quality of the models derived ( comparable with neural networks and neural network ensembles )
Small quantity of parameters to be adjusted
Internal estimate of the model 's generalization error
At the same time , the algorithm 's disadvantages may also be noted :
The built model takes a large memory capacity .
If a committee is set up of K trees based on a training set of the dimension N , then memory requirements will amount to O ( K·N ) .
For example , with K=100 and N=1000 , the model built by the ALGLIB will have a size about one megabyte .
trees based on a training set of the dimension , then memory requirements will amount to .
For example , with and , the model built by the ALGLIB will have a size about one megabyte .
The trained model works somewhat slower than other algorithms ( if 100 trees are incorporated into the model , then we should go over all of them , to get a result ) .
The algorithm is prone to overfitting , especially when used on a noisy task .
This problem can partly be overcome by adjusting the parameter r ( see below ) .
A similar , only more apparent , problem is encountered in the original algorithm " Random Forest " ( See Machine Learning Benchmarks and Random Forest Regression ) .
It should be noted that its authors failed to notice this disadvantage , believing that the algorithm had no tendency to overfit , and some practitioners and theoreticians in machine learning share that wrong belief .
( see below ) .
A similar , only more apparent , problem is encountered in the original algorithm " Random Forest " ( See Machine Learning Benchmarks and Random Forest Regression ) .
It should be noted that its authors failed to notice this disadvantage , believing that the algorithm had no tendency to overfit , and some practitioners and theoreticians in machine learning share that wrong belief .
Similar to decision trees , the algorithm has absolutely no capacity for extrapolation .
Working with decision forests
Operations on the decision forest are performed in the following order :
Selection of a tuning parameters ( see below ) .
Forest construction Using the forest built ( data processing , serialization , etc ) .
Tuning RDF Algorithm
The algorithm contains three parameters that need to be adjusted : the ratio r - size of the part of the training set which will be used for the construction of individual trees ; the number of trees NTrees ; as well as the number NFeatures indicating the number of variables used to grow individual trees .
These parameters are more fully detailed below .
The ratio r , in the range of 0 to 1 , impacts the algorithm 's tolerance to the noise in the training set .
The weak point of the original Breiman algorithm is its inability to offer full compensation for the individual trees ' tendency to overfit .
Note # 1
Nonregularized decision tree can accurately remember the training set .
The procedure of sampling N records with repetitions used in the original algorithm results in approximately 0.632 elements of a complete training set getting into the sample ( which is equal to the value r=0.632 ) .
Thus , for any element of the training set there are roughly 63 % of individual trees which remember it and will gain the majority in the course of voting .
If there is noise in the training set , the Breiman algorithm will repeat all errors in the training set with a high degree of accuracy , having failed to find regular structure bihend the noise .
There are different solutions to this problem : either individual trees can be regularized ( as it is suggested in the paper referred to above ) , or noise can be leveled down , by putting variety of individual trees under control through the ratio r ( as implemented in the ALGLIB ) .
The recommended values of r range from 0.66 ( a low noise level ) up to 0.05 ( a very high noise level ) .
Selection is made on the basis of the relationship between the error in the training set and the generalization error ( calculated by means of a test set or by out - of - bag estimation ) : if the ratio is much smaller than one , the value r shall be decreased , and the model should be reconstructed .
The other algorithm 's parameters are much easier to set .
The number of trees NTrees is recommended to be made at a level of 50 to 100 , and the number NFeatures is chosen automatically and is somewhere about the half of the total number of variables .
Training Set Format
The training set format is described in the paper that is recommended at the top of the page .
That paper also deals with such problems as missing values and nominal variable encoding .
It should be noted that the dataset format depends on which problem - regression or classification - the network solves .
Nominal Variable Encoding
When a RDF algorithm is used , it is strongly recommended that one should read ' Nominal Variable Encoding ' section and accurately comply with the encoding recommended .
The algorithm is optimized just for this data representation scheme , although it can be used with any encoding ( but less efficiently )
This article is licensed for personal use only .
A woman called the Canon help desk with a problem with her printer .
The Tech asked her if she was " running it under Windows . "
The ...
Major plunge in Consumer Confidence , which came at 50.4 , below expectations of 51.0 , and down almost 10 % from an upward revised prior 54.3 reading , previously seen at 52.9 : yes lower , but this BS revision was enough to make the jump in new home sales appear amazing post revision .
Let 's see if a real plunge in consumer confidence is enough to take the market lower by 100 DJIA points .
Something tells us the gaps on revised data are only to the upside .
Character Creation Tips
When creating a new character there are many things to take into consideration .
Everyone ’s got their own idea of how to make the best character ; there is n’t just one right way to do it .
The abundance of choice can often be overwhelming so we ’ve poured through our archives and found some great resources to help steer your decision making .
Creating a unique character
If you ’re heading to Indianapolis for GenCon next week and you ’re planning to create a new character , we offer some tips to help make your PC truly one of a kind .
These tips are relevant whenever you ’re creating a new character , but it seems timely to share them with GenCon just around the corner .
Anyone who participates in a gaming convention like GenCon is likely just as enthusiastic about gaming as you and I are .
That being said , one thing I quickly learned during my first GenCon was that you see a lot of similar characters .
All of the overplayed , standard and even predicatbale stereotypes are represented – Dwarven Fighter , Dragonborn Paladin , Elven Ranger and Tiefling Warlock , for example .
In addition to these tried and true architypes you also have a lot of overlapping when it come to outside - of - the - box , power - gaming , builds .
Do n’t get me wrong , there ’s nothing wrong with multiple Daggermaster Sorcerers ( or at least there was n’t before it was nerfed in a recent errata ) .
The point is that all of those concepts that seem cool and original at your local gaming table are less likely to be all that original in a setting like GenCon .
In Make Your Character More Than Just Numbers we provided some direction and resources for developing your PC ’s appearance , motivation for adventuring , occupation beyond just being an adventurer , reputation and cultural traits .
Skill training
Skill challenges are here to stay folks .
Every single LFR adventure I ’ve ever played in has included at least one skill challenge .
Do n’t overlook the importance of skills when creating your PC .
Since most of the skills are drawn from your bottom three ability scores , it ’s often a good idea to ensure that your Intelligence , Wisdom and Charisma do n’t end up 10 , 10 and 8 ( in any order ) .
It ’s worth lowering your exceptionally high Strength or Dexterity by a point or two if it means that your worst abilities will go up by a few points each .
Resist the temptation to train your best skills .
They ’re likely good enough already to beat a moderate DC more than half of the time .
Training your worst skills will often make the biggest difference .
And if you find that you ’re always failing a check becasue you did n’t train it , just retrain when you level up .
When training your skills , remember that knowing a monsters powers , resistances and vulnerabilities can often make the difference between victory and failure , so train those knowledge skills .
The right tools for the job
Your choices are pretty limited if you ’re starting play at level 1 , but with the recent changes to the RPGA character creation rules , you can create characters at higher levels now .
In these cases you can pick magic items as part of your initial equipment .
In order to mitigate damage , we suggest that you look for items that offer energy resistances ( Heroic | Paragon | Epic ) .
They may not come into play every battle , but when they do it makes all the difference .
I ’ve found that some energy types seem to show up more often than others in LFR adventures .
A Viper Belt ( resist 5 poison ) and a Skull Mask ( resist 5 necrotic ) should be high on every adventurer ’s magic item wish lest .
The other suggestion is to look for consuamables that make use of healing surges .
Use your resources to their fullest potential and make sure you ’re not going into extended rests with any surges remaining .
Help , I ’m hurt !
When 4e D&D gave every character the ability to heal themselves , it changed the way combat ran .
But some players still play with old - school thinking and expect their Cleric ( or leader ) to be at their beck and call .
Many players running leaders do n’t appreciate this outlook and carefully ration out healing magic .
One way to reduce your dependency on others is to choose your magic items carefully .
Many magic items allow you to expend healing surges or recover lost hit points without the assistance of any other character .
Any PC who takes lots of damage should have one of more of these on his character sheet .
But the best way to stay on your feet is to play smart and know when it ’s time to press the attack or stratigically withdraw .
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 5 5 Shares
PHOENIX --
Even when he's not at his best , Ubaldo Jimenez is awfully good .
The hard - throwing Dominican right - hander became the majors ' first 11 - game winner despite losing his scoreless innings streak after a franchise record 33 , and the Colorado Rockies had to hold on for a 3 - 2 victory Sunday to avoid being swept in three games in Arizona .
" Today was n't an easy game like probably a couple that I had before , " Jimenez said , " but it 's always good when you win , especially that kind of game . "
Jimenez ( 11 - 1 ) escaped a first - inning bases - loaded jam and blanked the Diamondbacks through seven innings , then gave up just his second home run of the season , a two - run shot by Conor Jackson in the eighth .
It was Arizona 's first score against Jimenez in 27 innings dating to last August .
" Luck of the draw , I guess , " Jackson said of his first homer in 194 at bats .
" It was a 3 - 1 change - up .
It definitely was n't 100 [ mph ] so that probably helped a little bit . "
Chris Snyder of Arizona had his streak of 240 games without an error , the third - longest by a catcher in major league history , end when he overthrew second on Brad Hawpe 's steal attempt in the sixth inning .
Arizona set a franchise record with its seventh consecutive one - run game .
Colorado had lost three in a row , matching its longest skid of the season .
Jimenez threw 118 pitches after a 128 - pitch effort in a complete - game shutout at San Francisco a week ago .
He has seven outings of 115 pitches or more this season , and his 11 wins are three more than any other pitcher has in the majors .
" I 'm just really happy , " Jimenez said .
" As a starter , you only pitch every five days so it 's so hard , especially when you 're having a season like this .
You can't wait for your next start to come . "
Rafael Betancourt held the Diamondbacks scoreless the remainder of the eighth , then Manny Corpas pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in eight tries .
He blew a save in Arizona 's 7 - 6 victory Friday night .
Carlos Gonzalez had a two - run single and Troy Tulowitzki a solo homer for the Rockies , who completed a 3 - 3 road trip .
No one had loaded the bases against Jimenez this season before Arizona did it in the first , yet it resulted in another zero on the scoreboard .
" We made him work , " Arizona manager A.J. Hinch said .
" Just when you think you 've got him on the ropes though you look up and it 's still zero .
That 's the tough part .
That 's what an ace does .
That 's the type of season he 's having . "
With one out , Jackson reached on the shortstop Tulowitzki 's fielding error , then Adam LaRoche singled and Mark Reynolds walked on a 3 - 2 pitch .
Jimenez , though , threw a 99 mph fastball that Chris Young hit sharply to second for an inning - ending double play .
" In years past , that kind of jam would shake him up a little bit , " Tulowitzki said .
" Now he 's pitching his best pitch to get a ground ball whereas before he'd try to strike guys out .
That shows his maturity .
He 's getting better all the time , which is scary . "
Jimenez threw 29 pitches in the first inning .
" We 're a foot away [ on Young 's ' hit ] from not only scoring runs first but also making Jimenez get to maybe 40 pitches in the first inning , which changes the entire complexion of the game , " Hinch said .
Kelly Johnson led off the eighth with a double off the top of the Arizona bullpen fence in left , the only hit Arizona got on a Jimenez fastball .
Jackson followed with his homer on a 3 - 1 pitch .
Jimenez then walked LaRoche and his outing was through .
Rodrigo Lopez ( 2 - 4 ) matched Jimenez through four .
Todd Helton led off the Colorado fifth with a single , just his fourth hit in 25 at - bats .
Clint Barmes followed with a one - out single , then the runners advanced to third and second on Jimenez 's sacrifice bunt .
Gonzalez lashed a 2 - 1 pitch into left field to bring both runners home .
Lopez allowed three runs on nine hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking one .
" I really believe offensively the best of us is yet to come , " manager Jim Tracy said .
" It has not shown up yet . "
Game notes
Snyder was 13 short of Mike Matheny 's NL record of 252 straight errorless games by a catcher .
Mike Redmond has the longest at 253 , a streak that ended May 18 .
... Colorado's record for consecutive scoreless innings pitched had been 29 by Gabe White in 2000 .
...
Helton returned to the lineup after a day off but dropped from third to sixth in the batting order .
... Arizona RF Justin Upton , 0 for 15 against Jimenez and the major league leader with 76 strikeouts , had the day off .
...
Diamondbacks SS
Stephen Drew was out after hurting the middle finger of his throwing hand on the final play of Saturday night 's victory .
He appeared as a pinch hitter in the ninth .
Tea Party Comix
Anyone else feel like the Tea Party is getting a little racist ?
These " Tea Party Comix " have been circulating for a couple of days now - no one 's taken responsibility , and some Tea Party hotshots have disavowed them as a plant .
According to comic book nerds , they 're pretty good parodies of some famous comic book covers , which is probably beside the point .
This update adds support to Mac OS X for the Magic Trackpad and is required for its use .
It also enables inertial scrolling and the three - finger drag gesture in recent MacBook and MacBook Pro notebooks .
Mac OS X 10.6.4 is required before installing this update .
For more information about this update , please visit this website : http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4254
For additional information about the Magic Trackpad and Multi-Touch Trackpad please visit : http://www.apple.com/magictrackpad
The lawsuit filed by Palladium Books against Trion Worlds over the “ Rifts ” trademark case is over .
The judge dismissed it last week for lack of jurisdiction .
This week we see movement on the counter - suit filed by Trion Worlds against Palladium Books regarding the same trademark in a California court .
Trion argues that the trademark “ Rifts ” on video games is not a valid trademark .
Specifically , Trion contends that Palladium provided insufficient evidence that they produced digital games based on the “ Rifts ” trademark to the USPTO to sustain the trademark .
In fact , Trion uses the word “ fraud ” several times to describe the evidence Palladium provided to the USPTO .
Here is what Trion asked for from the court .
A . For a declaratory judgement that : 1 . Trion Worlds has not and does not infringe any of Palladium Books ’ rights in the Marks and has not and does not engage in any false designation of origin or unfair competition under 15 U.S.C. & 1114 , 15 U.S.C & 1125 ; and 2 . Palladium Books ’ ‘ 353 Registration is merely descriptive , lacks secondary meaning and is not entitled to trademark protection under the Lanham Act or common law .
B. For an order canceling Defendant ’s Registered Trademarks Nos. 2,045,806 ; 3,036,181 ; and 3,213,944 under 15 U.S.C & 1064 and 15 U.S.C & 1119 .
C. For costs ; D. For such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper .
The Trion requests are broad and potentially very damaging to Palladium .
The first request kills any hope of a re-file of the Palladium lawsuit .
Secondly , stripping trademark protection altogether completely eliminates any future issues with the trademark for Trion and the final request asks Palladium for court costs .
Orders granting the first two are bad for Palladium , but paying Trion ’s court costs ( the cost of which is unknown ) is a potentially painful penalty to Palladium .
Here is the original filing .
Trion_Worlds_Palladium_Books_Countersuit
I will continue to monitor the case as it proceeds .
Trask , The Last Tyromancer
news Can 4 chan Get a Toronto Condo Named After Their Founder ?
At left , an illustration of the as - yet unnamed condo coming to Yonge and the Esplanade .
At right , the leaderboard as of Wednesday night .
There ’ve been five hundred names submitted in just a few days for the “ Name Our Condo ” contest , to anoint a thirty - six - storey tower being built at Yonge and the Esplanade .
The winning submission gets $ 5,000 , and each of the two runners - up , an iPad .
Of those five hundred names , there ’s already one clear frontrunner : m00t .
That — m00t ( or moot ) — is the internet handle of Christopher Poole , the founder of 4 chan .
4 chan , if you did n’t know already , is the Internet ’s strange , dark , magical netherworld : it ’s their users who do things like mobilize against Scientology , pioneer the Rickroll , and game voting systems to have Poole chosen as Time ‘s “ World ’s Most Influential Person ” or to send Justin Bieber to North Korea .
Now , a small sect of 4 chan - ers have turned their eyes to the Toronto waterfront .
“ Am I concerned ? ” says Sam P. Crignano , a partner with cityzen , the condo project ’s developers .
“ Sure , I ’m concerned . ”
“ Who knows that their motives are ?
It ’s difficult to guess . ”
The submitted “ rationale ” accompanying the contest entry — filled with 4 chan inside jokes — offers few answers :
Fitting to the area the Condo is located , “ m00t ” represents the culture of Downtown Toronto .
Whether you ’re in the St. Lawrence Market eating some marblecake with your pal Milhouse or doing barrel rolls all the way down to Lake Ontario , you ’re not worrying about the long trek home .
m00t is nearby and being home is one of the most leisurely parts of your day .
For now , Crignano is wary , but he ’s not eager to intervene .
“ At the moment , I want it to run freely , ” he says .
“ I want as little interference as possible , so I ’m just letting it happen as it may . ”
Still , he says , those with vested interests in the contest ’s success are “ monitoring it very closely ” for “ anything that ’s out of the ordinary , ” such as multiple votes from the same person , among other things .
If anything , the margin between m00t and all the others should be much wider : as of Wednesday night , m00t ’s 1,716 votes put it far , but not ludicrously , ahead of Euphoria Towers ( 752 ) and Esplendor Tower ( 455 ) .
If 4 chan ’s millions of users really wanted to pull ahead , they ’d have figured out a way to .
They always do .
Not that Crignano does n’t have a contingency plan .
“ If someone ’s intentions are misguided or their intentions are — I do n’t want to use the word malicious — then at that point , what option is available to us ?
We have to step in and try and prevent that from happening . ”
That ’d mean , presumably , removing m00t from voting contention outright .
It may not ever need to come to that , though .
After the ten names with the most votes are anointed finalists when the contest closes on August 20 , the one winner is n’t chosen by the public , but by a jury ( made up of consultants , marketing people , cityzen representatives , and those sorts of people ) .
Unless they all want a m00t tower — Crignano definitely does n’t — it wo n’t be long before the issue ’s moot .
[ : “ m00t ” wo n’t get a chance to make it that far : the name ’s been “ reported and deactivated . ” ]
New York ( CNN ) -- Long Island may be far from the Death Star , but that did n't stop Darth Vader from paying a less - than - friendly visit to a bank in East Setauket , New York .
Or at least he looked like Darth Vader , except for the camouflage pants .
The costumed man , with a mask and cape , entered a Chase bank Thursday morning and demanded cash .
Although he did n't have a lightsaber , his gun was more than enough to persuade the teller to hand over the money .
The caped criminal then fled east through the bank 's parking lot .
Suffolk County police said they are searching for the man , described as around 6 feet tall .
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson says she does n't agree with those who who question the underlying science linking humans to global warming .
EPA rejects challenge to climate rules
The Environmental Protection Agency Thursday rejected an effort to keep it from regulating greenhouse gas emissions , saying that e-mails released in last fall ’s “ Climategate ” scandal gave it no reason to reconsider the science of global warming .
In a sternly written opinion , EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said she did n’t agree with requests from the GOP attorneys general from Texas and Virginia , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other conservative groups that questioned the underlying science linking humans to global warming and also warned of the potential economic burdens from new climate rules .
Advertisement
EPA last December concluded that greenhouse gases are a threat to public health and welfare , a decision clearing the way this spring for climate - based regulations for new cars and trucks .
Next year , the agency is expected to write standards for power plants and other major industrial sources of heat - trapping gases .
In their petitions , EPA ’s opponents had highlighted stolen e-mails from prominent climate scientists that they allege showed collusion to hide contrary information debunking global warming .
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott had also warned that the EPA rules would lead to “ unprecedented bureaucratic licensing and regulatory burdens on farmers , ranchers , small businesses , hospitals and even schools . ”
But Jackson said the groups ’ arguments lack merit .
“ These petitions — based as they are on selectively edited , out - of - context data and a manufactured controversy — provide no evidence to undermine our determination , ” Jackson wrote .
Regarding the e-mails , Jackson said an agency review of the materials show “ a candid discussion of scientists working through issues that arise in compiling and presenting large complex data sets . ”
She said four independent reviews have reached similar conclusions .
EPA ’s rules have added weight for the Obama administration now that the Senate has punted for the year on plans to pass a cap - and - trade bill to address climate change .
Opponents are suing to overturn EPA ’s “ endangerment finding ” in federal appeals court , but that case sits on hold pending Jackson ’s decision to address the preliminary requests for the agency to reconsider its decision .
Oral arguments in the lawsuit are unlikely until next spring , with a final decision expected by the summer , according to lawyers tracking the case .
EPA ’s critics are also trying to stop the agency on Capitol Hill .
A House Appropriations subcommittee last week rejected an amendment to EPA ’s annual spending bill to put a two - year hold on EPA ’s climate rules for power plants .
Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) earlier this week filed a similar proposal to the small - business bill now on the floor , though it ’s unlikely she ’ll win a vote because of unrelated hurdles for the bill .
“ You attack it at all fronts , ” Murkowski told POLITICO on Thursday .
“ You go the judicial route .
You go the legislative route .
I think this is important to make sure we are looking at all avenues . ”
President Barack Obama would most likely veto any bill that reached his desk to stop the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases , a White House official said last week .
Apple announced in late April that its annual Apple Design Awards , given every year since 1997 during its annual Worldwide Developers Conference , would only be awarded for iPhone and iPad apps this year .
Many long - time Mac OS
X developers felt a little slighted , so we were inspired to pick up the torch and start giving out our own Ars Design Awards .
First we solicited nominations from our readers .
Then we culled that list of thousands of nominations down to five nominees in each of five categories : Best New App , Best User Experience , Most Innovative App , Best Education App , and Best Student - created App .
The top 12 nominees were also put to a vote by you to pick a Reader 's Choice award .
Then we assembled a panel of judges from the Ars staff :
Editor in Chief Ken Fisher
Senior Apple Editor Jacqui Cheng
Project Manager & Developer Clint Ecker
Art Director Aurich Lawson
Ars Apple Technology Specialist John Siracusa
Contributing Writer Chris Foresman
Contributing Writer Casey Johnston
Contributing Writer Jeff Smykil
Our blue - ribbon panel of judges evaluated the five nominees in each category to determine the final winners .
Because most categories had some very close calls , we also decided to recognize a runner - up in each category as well .
Without further ado , here are the 2010 Mac OS X Ars Design Award winners :
The Awards
All winners will receive a custom laser - engraved , 6.24lb , 4 " cube of solid 6061 aluminum alloy .
As you can imagine , these beautiful ( - ly geeky ) trophies , bead - blasted to match the look of most Apple kit , will look dashing sitting on any developer 's desk , on a bookshelf next to a copy of Hillegass 's seminal Cocoa Programming for Mac OS X , or lovingly placed on the mantel between the family portrait and grandma 's urn .
There 's also a special treat for Logan Collins , winner of the award for Best Student - Created Mac OS X App.
Kelly Thompson , COO of iStockphoto , will be giving Collins a $ 1,000 check for his efforts .
Though we are not associated with this cash award , we would like to thank iStockphoto for going the extra mile to help support young Mac OS X developers .
We would also like to extend an enormous " thank you " to a couple of people for their extraordinary efforts to make the ADA trophies a reality .
The raw aluminum material was donated by Brad Larson of Sunset Lake Software .
The laser engraving was done by Joerg Baier of Baier Technologies LLC .
Thanks to both of these gentlemen for their generosity .
Apple continued to be on the losing end of a public relations battle Tuesday over a " Not Recommended " rating from Consumer Reports for its iPhone 4 .
Some industry watchers have gone as far as to suggest a recall is something the company may need to consider .
The latest round of bad news was courtesy of Wayne State University Professor Matthew Seeger , who told Cult of Mac that the brand image of Apple could be at risk and said the company will be forced to issue a recall .
Others told the Apple enthusiast site that the company needs to act with more urgency , calling Apple 's response so far lackluster and even irresponsible .
While there seems to be general agreement that Apple has responded poorly , some see a recall as too harsh a step .
Advertisement
Citigroup analyst Richard Gardner said in a note to clients that he saw the risk of recall as low , saying the antenna issue was not serious enough to warrant such an action .
He argued that Apple should be giving out free " bumpers " to those with problems , and would n't affect overall profit margins more than 1 or 2 percentage points .
Apple charges $ 30 for these bumpers , which cover up the metal stripe .
This keeps users from touching the lower - left hand corner with their hand , which seems to set off the reception problems .
The company is also attempting to control the debate : Apple blog TUAW noted that it had found evidence the company was deleting threads in its support forum that referenced the Consumer Reports ratings at least a half dozen times .
" It 's hard to imagine what Apple hopes to gain by doing this , " TJ Luoma wrote .
Either way , Consumer Reports ' words are having a chilling effect on Apple 's stock .
In intraday trading Tuesday , the stock had fallen as much as 4 percent over the recall worries .
Apple 's typical silence on issues like this is probably not making the situation any better .
Dear Deborah ,
The evidence continues to accumulate that our " accountability " policies are a great fraud and hoax , but our elected officials and policymakers remain completely oblivious to the harm caused by the policies they mandate .
Over the past several years , efforts to " hold teachers accountable " and " hold schools accountable " have produced perverse consequences .
Instead of better education , we are getting cheating scandals , teaching to bad tests , a narrowed curriculum , lowered standards , and gaming of the system .
Even if it produces higher test scores ( of dubious validity ) , high - stakes accountability does not produce better education .
In their eagerness to show " results , " states are dumbing down their standards .
The New York state education department dropped cut scores on the state tests from 2006 ( the year that annual testing in grades 3 - 8 was introduced ) to 2009 .
In 2006 , a student in 7th grade could achieve " proficiency " by getting 59.6 percent of the points correct on the state math test ; by 2009 , a student in the same grade needed only 44 percent of the available points .
Back in the pre-accountability days , a score of 60 percent would have been a D , not a mark of proficiency , and a score of 44 percent would have been a failing grade .
According to a report by The Civic Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago , the gains registered in the elementary schools of Chicago during Arne Duncan 's tenure were almost entirely the result of changes to the scoring of the tests , rather than evidence of any genuine improvement in student learning .
When gains are manufactured in these ways , children are cheated .
Children who need extra help do n't get it , but adults trade high - fives for their " success " in raising scores and enjoy the adulation of the media .
When New York state 's education department was criticized for dropping the cut scores on its tests , officials responded by insisting that the department dropped the cut scores because the tests were actually harder than in previous years .
This was utter nonsense because the passing rates soared as the cut scores fell , which would not have been the case if the tests were " harder . "
So , although it never acknowledged its past chicanery , the state education department claimed that the tests would really , really , truly be hard this year and that standards would once again be high .
However , some whistle - blowing teachers tipped off the New York Post that the scoring rubrics for this year 's test recommended giving half - credit for wrong answers and even for no answer at all .
Here are examples from the 4th - grade scoring guide , as reported in the Post :
" A kid who answers that a 2 - foot - long skateboard is 48 inches long gets half - credit for adding 24 and 24 instead of the correct 12 plus 12 .
A miscalculation that 28 divided by 14 equals 4 instead of 2 is " partially correct " if the student uses the right method to verify the wrong answer .
Setting up a division problem to find one - fifth of $ 400 , but not solving the problem — and leaving the answer blank — gets half - credit .
A kid who subtracts 57 cents from three quarters for the right change and comes up with 15 cents instead of 18 cents still gets half - credit .
A student who figures the numbers of books in 35 boxes of 10 gets half - credit despite messed - up multiplication that yields the wrong answer , 150 instead of 350 . "
One hopes that these students never become pharmacists or engineers or enter any other line of work where accuracy matters .
The scandal of high - stakes testing is not limited to New York and Illinois .
Last week , Trip Gabriel of The New York Times reported in a Page One story about the ubiquity of cheating scandals across the nation .
My guess is that he revealed only the tip of the iceberg .
I was in Baltimore on May 27 , when The Baltimore Sun wrote about a major cheating scandal at an elementary school that had been widely recognized for its excellent test scores .
In 2003 , only one - third of the students in the school passed the state reading test , but within four years , almost all did .
This was a " miracle " school ; it won a federal Blue Ribbon for its remarkable gains .
But it turned out that the school 's success was phony : Someone had erased and corrected many student answers .
The more that test scores are used to measure teacher effectiveness and to determine the fate of schools , the more we will see such desperate efforts by teachers and principals to save their jobs and their schools .
Yet even as more cheating scandals are documented , even as the perfidy of state testing agencies is documented , our federal policymakers plunge forward , blithely imposing unproven policies as well as " remedies " that have been tested and found wanting .
Latest example : The June 9 issue of Education Week has a front - page story with this headline : " Merit - Pay Model Pushed by Duncan Shows No Achievement Edge . "
The inside jump headline reads " Student Progress No Better in Chicago Schools Using TAP . "
( TAP is the Teacher Advancement Program , which gives extra compensation to teachers for higher " performance . " )
In the same issue , on Page 24 , is a story about the $ 437 million for the federal Teacher Incentive Fund program , which will dispense dollars to do what failed in Chicago .
Secretary Duncan hopes to expand funding for this program to $ 900 million next year .
Mr. Duncan says of the program , " There 's no secret that historically there 's been some apprehension about doing this kind of stuff .
You have to expose yourself a bit and put things on the line , but where folks are willing to do that and do it together , we see the benefits for students .
It 's remarkable . "
Merit pay has been tried and found ineffective again and again since the 1920s , but repeated failure never discourages its advocates , who are certain that if the incentives were larger , or if some other element was adjusted , it would surely work .
We hear that about every failed experiment .
If only we had done it differently ....
More emphasis on test scores .
More money for teachers if the scores go up .
More punishment for teachers and schools if the scores do n't go up .
More cheating .
More gaming the system .
More concentration on basic skills ( they count ) and more indifference to the arts , history , science , foreign languages , etc. ( they do n't count ) .
Are we in an era of National Stupidity or National Insanity ?
Or is this what happens when educators imagine they are thinking like corporate executives ?
If it is the latter , I recommend that they read the writings of W. Edwards Deming , the management guru , who steadfastly opposed merit pay because it destroys collaboration and teamwork , undermines long - range planning , and incentivizes the wrong behavior .
If it is the former , well , we will just have to ride out this terrible era and hope that wiser heads someday prevail .
Diane
Triumph Adventure teaser – Click above to watch the video after the break
About a decade ago , Triumph offered a pretty decent motorcycle in the vein of the BMW GS series of large - displacement on / off - road adventure bikes .
As the Tiger aged , though , it gradually took on a more street - oriented presence , more in line with the Ducati Multistrada than the aforementioned BMWs or anything wearing bright orange and black bodywork .
Now that adventure motorcycles are all the rage ( and with good reason , we might add ) , it seems that Triumph wants back in the game .
The British brand is teasing a new bike tentatively known simply as the Adventure on its own dedicated website and on Facebook ( it 's the new way of marketing , natch ) .
We do n't know much about the Adventure , other than some hints that it will use a smaller displacement version of Triumph 's well - loved triple cylinder layout .
Expect something around 800 cc to compete directly with the BMW F 800 GS .
There will be two versions of the bike , one for the street and one more off road oriented .
The full reveal is scheduled for the EICMA motorcycle show in Milan this November , but we can expect a set of teasers every month until then .
The first can be seen in the video after the jump [ Source : Triumph
Moscow , Russia ( CNN ) --
More than 1,000 Russians have drowned recently as they attempted to find relief from a stifling heat wave -- many of them after drinking alcohol , officials said .
Vadim Seryogin , a department head at Russia 's Emergencies Ministry , told reporters Wednesday that 49 people , including two children , had drowned in the last day .
More than 1,200 total have drowned , 223 of them between July 5 and July 12 .
" The majority of those drowned were drunk , " Seryogin said .
" The children died because adults simply did not look after them . "
A heat wave settled over Russia in mid-June , according to the state - run RIA - Novosti news agency .
The region has experienced record - breaking heat , with temperatures of up to 40 degrees Celsius ( 104 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
The heat has caused an emergency situation in Russia , according to a column on RIA - Novosti .
Officials have urged citizens to take a siesta in the afternoon to avoid the hottest part of the day .
Cases of heat stroke and sunburn have increased in children , and adults with heart problems and diabetes are suffering complications .
Asphalt softened in the heat has been blamed for traffic accidents .
A state of emergency has been declared in 14 regions , and some areas are facing water shortages as wells dry up .
The heat has exacerbated a smog problem , as well , the RIA - Novosti column said , adding Russia has not experienced such heat in 130 years .
Winter and spring crops are withering under the heat , the column said .
ION announced yesterday that everyone ’s favorite premium Rock Band drumset is getting an upgrade , and will officially be Rock Band 3 Pro-compatible .
Now dubbed the ION Drum Rocker Pro Official Premium Drum Set , the Drum Rocker Pro will be available for PS3 , Xbox 360 and Wii .
The biggest change from the existing Drum Rock is that the Drum Rock Pro adds the Drum Rocker Pro Pedal , a professional - grade electronic kick drum pedal .
The Pro Pedal has a steel base plate , all - metal construction , dual - chain drive , adjustable beater , rubber trigger assembly , and adjustable spring assembly .
The Drum Rocker Pro Pedal is included with Drum Rocker Pro , it is also available separately for existing Drum Rocker , Drum Rocker Core , and Rock Band drum set owners .
The Drum Rocker Pro also includes everything the original Drum Rocker included : four drum and three cymbal pads and a fully configurable metal drum rack .
The drum and cymbal pads are the same super - quiet , highly responsive pads from the original .
The Drum Rocker Pro will be available Holiday 2010 , coinciding with the release of Rock Band 3 .
Pricing has not yet been announced .
It sounds amazing !
Now , if I can just get ION to send me one , I would love to test it out for the site ! 😉
[ Press Release ]
Stone tools and animal remains found on England 's coast suggest that humans arrived in northern Europe at least 150,000 years earlier than was previously thought .
Maybe the toolmakers stayed .
Maybe they were part of successive migrations that went north during Ice Age thaws , then retreated south when the cold came back .
Either way , " this has significant implications for our understanding of early human behavior , adaptation and survival , as well as the tempo and mode of colonization after their first dispersal out of Africa , " wrote a team of researchers from the Ancient Human Occupation of Britain project in the July 7 Nature .
The researchers describe their excavation of a site in Happisburgh , a coastal town that sits on what was once an estuary of the River Thames .
Dozens of stone tools were found in sediments deposited when the polarity of Earth 's magnetic field pointed south rather than north , a phase ending 780,000 years ago .
No human bones were found , but animal fossils include the tooth of a mammoth species that disappeared 800,000 years ago , and bones of red deer that went extinct a million years ago .
Pollen grains and plant fossils suggest a landscape in transition from temperate to Ice Age , which happened 950,000 years ago and again 840,000 years ago .
Until recently , it was thought that early humans stayed south after leaving Africa .
The only human remains dating from around that time in Europe were found in Spain .
But tentative evidence of sparse settlement in England , as well as in Germany and France , has raised the possibility of earlier northward expansion .
The latest findings reinforce that possiblity , move the dates back , and underscore just how resilient and resourceful early humans were .
" What I find amazing is that these early humans were pretty tough .
They survived winters that were probably 5 degrees Fahrenheit colder than present , " said Australian National University anthropologist Andrew Roberts , who wrote a commentary accompanying the findings .
" I 'd want a heated house – not a hunter - gatherer lifestyle .
This tells us that these early humans were better adapted to cold than we thought . "
It 's not known from the tools and fossils whether the cold - hardy settlers had clothing , shelters or even fire .
It 's also not clear whether the remains represent a population that had migrated during a warmer time , or braved the cold in moving north .
Given those caveats , " I think the paper gives a sound provisional idea to test .
The idea of investigating the limits of early human adaptability is now a vital dimension of paleoanthropological research , " said Rick Potts , curator of anthropology at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History .
" Knowing where we came from and how we fit in to the wider picture is fundamental to our existence , " said Roberts .
" If it was me , I would have stayed in the Mediterranean . "
Images : 1 ) Artist 's rendition of Happisburgh , about 900,000 years ago ./ John Sibbick , AHOB .
2 ) Stone hammer flakes , along with a fossilized pine cone ( i ) and mammoth tooth ( j ) .
See Also :
Citation : " Early Pleistocene human occupation at the edge of the boreal zone in northwest Europe . "
By Simon A. Parfitt , Nick M. Ashton , Simon G. Lewis , Richard L. Abel , G. Russell Coope , Mike H. Field , Rowena Gale , Peter G. Hoare , Nigel R. Larkin , Mark D. Lewis , Vassil Karloukovski , Barbara A. Maher , Sylvia M. Peglar , Richard C. Preece , John E. Whittaker & Chris B. Stringer .
Nature , Vol. 466 , No. 7303 , July 8 , 2010 .
" Early human northerners . "
By Andrew P. Roberts and Rainer Grün. Nature* , Vol. 466 , No. 7303 , July 8 , 2010 .*
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Looking back on a disordered life that I occasionally package as journalism , but that actually has more in common with the path of a large ball - bearing through a pinball machine , I do n’t really think I will slit my wrists .
Though it has its appeal .
I mean , it ’s unnerving to sail through the vastness of an unasked - for universe , round and round a minor sun , on a ball of rock with billions of people , none of whom are adults .
Let me explain .
( Or maybe do n’t .
Some things it is better not to know .
Like who or what is running the country . )
Point is , I have now passed sixty - four years on this curious planetary golf ball .
This fact carries an epistemological burden .
You no longer believe that Mother knows best .
You are Mother , which is scary .
When you are fifteen , or twenty - five , you almost per force believe that your elders know best .
They must — must n’t they ?
Does n’t someone have to ?
Adolescent rebellion is a pose , but Henry Kissinger sounds like a Nazi bass drum and you figure he must know something .
At sixty - four , you do n’t have a lot of elders .
Besides , they mostly have Alzheimer ’s .
When you are older than our rulers , you take a dim view of august official turkeys .
Dumb -ass kids .
You look at a corrupt old hen like Nancy Pelosi pecking at bugs in the national barn yard and think ,  Oh help . 
Even if she is older than sixty - four .
A Brass Pole in Bangko ...
Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 3.94 Buy New $ 18.80 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
Shorn of the ennobling aura of personal antiquity , they are straight out of a high - school yearbook , only all wrinkled , like raisins .
Secretary of State Clinton ?
She ’s just the pushy gal who made class president — moderately bright , OK legs at the time , never lived outside the US ( unless you count Arkansas ) , speaks no foreign languages .
Yes , she has a few credentials of a sort most people would hide : former First Basilisk and now retired housewife , but but she ’s just an over - promoted twit , your generic Prom Queen who went to Princeton or somewhere .
BFD .
And she ’s running foreign policy ?
Now , journalism :
It ’s a weird gig inside the Beltway .
( See ?
I assume you know that I mean Washington ’s Beltway .
And that I mean Washington , DC , not the real Washington out there with California and Oregon .
It ’s how we journalists think .
It ’s because we are the center of the world . )
The beltway is where everything happens , where the power is , the networks and Congress and L.A.s are .
( Legislative assistants : bright kids on the Hill who have no idea what they are doing either . )
I somehow fell into this tar pit as a mid-rank journalist of no importance .
To be a Journalist of Importance , you have to choose a clear ideological delusion , either Ann Coulter or Nat Hentoff , and screech and yell whatever your lock - step brainless readers want to hear .
I just wanted to kill them all .
In retrospect I think this a wise decision , but it was not career - enhancing .
Nekkid In Austin : Drop ... Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 14.95 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
As a nobody , but with columns in papers and magazines read within the Beltway , you meet or spew bile against or know of closely , or interview or suck up to , all sorts of people who shape policy .
It gets to be a sort of closed club .
It is strange to sit here in a small town in Mexico and realize that I know , however slightly or sometimes well , a fair proportion of the names that appear in the news .
Now , if this sounds like name - dropping , it is n’t — which is precisely my point .
Reporters do n’t meet Important People because we news weasels are meritorious , but because the press enjoys power all out of proportion to its worth .
If people knew reporters as well as I do , they would emigrate .
You could take a blind cocker spaniel with a low IQ and give him , her , or it a press card from the Washington Post , and in three weeks every pol in the city would kiss up to the beast , who would develop delusions of grandeur .
It ’s the reporter ’s disease :
You come to believe that the Secretary of the Air Force wants a press breakfast with you because he respects the depth of your thought .
No .
He thinks you are an idiot , and in all likelihood loathes you , but he knows that what you write will show up in the White House clips .
Curmudgeing Through Pa ... Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 2.50 Buy New $ 17.73 ( as of 01:45 EST - Details )
Of course , the reporter may not be all that impressed with the Secretary either .
The horrible truth is that the sharpers , martial Boy Scouts , and elephantine pundits who run the world are not much more impressive than the narcissistic twits who write about them .
The trick is not to take yourself seriously , since nobody else does .
I ’m just an upper - middle - brow mutt who discovered , as the great Hunter Thompson said , that journalism is a ticket to ride . 
I rode .
Ask not what you can do for journalism , but what journalism can do for you .
DC is a boss - mama cow if you know how to milk it .
Think about that last sentence , because it is how Washington works .
However , what does matter is what I saw in Washington for thirty years :
My high - school graduating class , up - brained a bit and down - moraled .
None of us was up to the job of running a laundromat , much less a country .
Some were slimier , others not stupid but so wildly attached to some loon ideology , or to themselves .
There was an anchorwoman you might recognize who lived in Georgetown ( no end toney ) and spent her time slobbering drunk and falling over things .
So you meet all these people who start wars and steal anything they can lift and vote for bills they have n’t read , and you realize that they are messianic wingnuts or self - seekers and pork - gatherers .
A fair few are lightning smart , but remember that most of the truly disastrous decisions are made by very bright people .
Hitler was brilliant , but the Thousand Year Reich ended six years later with the Red Army in Berlin .
How smart was that ?
So once age and realism have eroded any expectation of adulthood or good sense , you realize that there is no hope .
The limbic urges that power Washington are exactly those that you would find up some forgotten holler in West Virginia , at Jimbo ’s Pool Hall and Rib Pit .
 Tell you what , Lou Bob ,  says Jimmy Jack Fergweiler , leaning against the bar like a bridge getting ready to collapse ,  We gotta smack hell out of them Islams or they gonna land in Wheeling .
They got this book says we ’re in - fiddles and they gotta kill in - fiddles .
Gimme some change for the juke box .
Ain’t heard Merle for a while .
That ’s what half of the Yankee Capital thinks , and just about how they think it though in marginally better grammar .
But put them on CBS with a few details scraped up for authenticity , like where Tehran is , and the whole country thinks they know what they ’re doing .
Dammit , I will slit my wrists .
The Best of Fred Reed
The Most Absurd Arguments About the Oil Spill
ON LAND , BABY , ON LAND
Who said it : Sarah Palin
Money quote : “ Extreme Greenies : see now why we push ’ drill , baby , drill ’of known reserves &promising finds in safe onshore places like ANWR ?
Now do you get it ? ”
The argument : Whenever there ’s an opportunity to attack Barack Obama ’s administration , Sarah Palin is eager to push the message .
The former Alaska governor ’s always - amusing Twitter feed has been filled up recently with suggestions and accusations about the catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico .
Unsurprisingly , she has consistently reiterated her old “ drill , baby , drill ” talking points .
But in the wake of the Gulf fiasco , Palin has conveniently forgotten her constant advocacy for offshore drilling and instead focused on the need to drill on land .
Palin also put it directly to President Obama , tweeting ( punctuation original ) : “ ‘ I never say drill , baby , drill ’
Ahh , that ’s much of the problem , Mr. President ; Drill ANWR&unlock land for safe onshore devlpmnt / energy security . ”
Palin published a Facebook note on Wednesday expounding on her argument , writing “ Radical environmentalists : you are damaging the planet with your efforts to lock up safer drilling areas .
There ’s nothing clean and green about your misguided , nonsensical radicalism , and Americans are on to you as we question your true motives . ”
Opponents of drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge say it would not only ruin what has been called “ America ’s Serengeti ” — home to numerous animal species , including polar and grizzly bears , a large number of caribou , and many different birds and fish — but would provide little relief for the American public .
A 2004 study by the U.S. Energy Information Administration said that drilling in ANWR would lower gas prices a meager 3.5 cents a gallon by 2027 .
THE OCEAN CAN HANDLE IT
Who said it : Rush Limbaugh , Brit Hume
Money quote : “ More oil [ is ] spilled every year in Africa , in Nigeria , than so far in the Gulf .
So it ’s not unique ; it is not exceptional ; it ’s not the largest .
Mexico had a spill that ’s larger than this .
Nobody talks about it except , apparently , me . ”- Rush Limbaugh
The argument : BP CEO Tony Hayward certainly did n’t do his company any favors on May 14 by saying the oil spill was “ tiny ” compared with the volume of water in the Gulf of Mexico , a claim the oil giant has since walked back from .
But conservative radio commentator Rush Limbaugh and Fox News host Brit Hume , among others , have topped even Hayward ’s argument , by forcefully arguing that the oil spill really is n’t a big deal .
They ’ve reasoned that because the gulf annually absorbs an amount of oil equivalent to twice the Exxon Valdez spill , the current crisis is overblown .
Of course , the two failed to mention that because the seepage is a small , consistent trickle , it is possible for the water to dramatically spread out the oil on the surface , negating any harmful effects .
There ’s an enormous difference between the gradual , natural process that has proved to not affect wildlife or the ecosystem , and the massive , concentrated gushing from the destroyed BP well that has already killed hundreds of birds in the Gulf coast states , endangered vulnerable turtles , and caused untold dollars in economic damage — though the exact figure will not be known for some time .
The spill is currently pumping up to 19,000 barrels of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico , according to the Department of the Interior .
Natural is n’t really the word that comes to mind .
OBAMA PLANNED IT
Who said it : Michael Brown , Rush Limbaugh
Money Quote : “ They played politics with this crisis . …
This is exactly what they want , because now [ Obama ] can pander to the environmentalists and say , ‘ I ’m going to shut it down because it ’s too dangerous . ' ” - Michael Brown
The argument : Obama ’s decision this year to initiate an offshore drilling program surprised many of his supporters , given that he had offered only lukewarm support for the idea during the 2008 presidential campaign .
In response to the current crisis , Obama has shelved those plans .
But former director for the Feceral Emergency Management Agency , Michael Brown , of “ Heckuva job , Brownie “ fame , has detected a more sinister reason behind Obama ’s about - face .
Brown has argued that not only is Obama more than happy to call off his offshore drilling program , but that his response has been deliberately slow ; the president wants to make the leak worse so that he ’ll be forced to cancel his offshore drilling plans ( which Brown claimed he did n’t actually want to go through with in the first place ) .
Limbaugh took the argument even further , insinuating that perhaps the Obama administration itself blew up the rig , saying on his show , “ We had this call from a guy out there who said nobody ’s talking about whether this was an act of sabotage because I guess they can’t prove it , but they ’re going to send SWAT teams down there ?
He was going to send a SWAT team to the rig that blew up or are you going to send a SWAT team to other rigs ?
What ’s going on here ?
Remember , this rig blew April 21st , which is one day prior to ‘ Erf’ Day . ”
Making the sabotage claim even more ridiculous , Obama has hardly benefited from the crisis , with his response widely criticized in the media as being too slow and inefficient .
CAPITALISM DID IT
Who said it : Fidel Castro
Money quote : “ [ The oil spill ] shows how little governments can do against those who control the capital ”
The argument :
The former Cuban president — in his new guise as his country ’s blogger in chief — has pointed to BP ’s failure as a prime example of the horrors of the free market .
In a state media editorial last Saturday , Castro wrote that the oil spill “ shows how little governments can do against those who control the capital , who in both the United States and Europe are , due to the economy of our globalized planet , those who decide the destiny of the public . ”
Of course , Castro neglected to mention that Cuba has its own nascent offshore drilling program , with investment from Chinese , Canadian , Indian , Spanish , Malaysian , and Norwegian oil companies .
Cuba erected its first independent shallow - water rig north of the island nation last year .
Castro is probably hoping that his experiment goes better than that of his buddy Hugo Chávez .
A Venezuelan offshore rig sank in the Caribbean on May 13 .
Castro ’s bluster aside , the oil spill has actually been an opportunity for the United States and Cuba to work together for once .
The two countries have held “ working - level ” talks on handling the spill .
CAP THE SPILL MEANS CAP AND TRADE
Who said it : Barack Obama
Money quote : “ The time has come , once and for all , for this nation to fully embrace a clean energy future . ”
The argument :
While the claims that Obama sabotaged or deliberately dragged his feet in responding to the disaster may be laughable , there is no doubt that the administration and its Democratic allies see the spill as an opportunity to push stalled climate - change legislation through Congress .
The House of Representatives narrowly passed a cap - and - trade bill last year , but the legislation has since stalled in the Senate .
With attention focused on the Gulf , Democrats have decided to make another push .
Obama yesterday acknowledged the lack of progress in Congress , but vowed success in the near future : “ The votes may not be there right now , but I intend to find them in the coming months . ”
Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) has said that the “ Gulf of Mexico oil spill has underscored the stakes ” in the congressional fight .
WTF ?! -
How did he manage that ?
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Previously in this series we looked at the cozy relationship between the American Cancer Society ( ACS ) and the chemical industry , including how that industry had been the source of both board members and major donations .
A stark example of the influence chemical makers wielded with the ACS came in the spring of 1993 when the ACS helped attack an upcoming documentary about pesticide dangers .
Shortly before PBS was due to broadcast the documentary on " Frontline " , a draft of the script was leaked to the powerful public relations firm Porter - Novelli .
Porter - Novelli had notable clients on both sides of the fence , including the ACS as well as Ciba - Geigy , DuPont , Monsanto , Burroughs Wellcome , American Petroleum Institute , the Center for Produce Quality , the USDA , the NCI , plus other National Institutes of Health .
Porter - Novelli first crafted a rebuttal to help the manufacturers quell public fears about pesticide - contaminated food .
Next , Porter - Novelli called up another client , the ACS , for whom Porter - Novelli had done pro bono work for years .
The rebuttal that Porter - Novelli had just sent off to its industry clients was faxed to ACS Atlanta headquarters .
Then it was circulated internationally by e-mail so that the 3,000 regional ACS offices could use it to help field calls from the public after the show aired .
The ACS memo stated : " The program makes unfounded suggestions . . . that pesticide residue in food may be at hazardous levels .
Its use of a ' cancer cluster ' leukemia case reports and non-specific community illnesses as alleged evidence of pesticide effects in people is unfortunate .
We know of no community cancer clusters which have been shown to be anything other than chance grouping of cases and none in which pesticide use was confirmed as the cause .
" Later , accuracy in Media 's newsletter trumpeted quotes from the ACS memo in an article whose banner headline read " Junk Science on PBS . "
The article began " Can we afford the Public Broadcasting Service ? " and went on to disparage the PBS documentary .
" In Our Children 's Food . . . exemplified what the media have done to produce these ' popular panics ' and the enormously costly waste ( at PBS ) cited by the New York Times .
" When public television producer Marty Koughman saw the article he was outraged and initially believed the ACS had somehow been duped .
Later , however , Koughan figured out what was really going on after several failed attempts to get an ACS rebuttal .
" When I realized Porter - Novelli represented five agrichemical companies , and that the ACS had been a client for years , it became obvious that the ACS had not been fooled at all , " said Koughan .
" They were willing partners in the deception , and were in fact doing a favor for a friend _ by flakking for the agrichemical industry .
" Koughan 's investigation had relied heavily on a ground - breaking report issued by the National Academy of Sciences in June of 1993 entitled " Pesticides in the Diet of Children . "
The report declared the nation 's food supply was " inadequately protected " from cancer - causing pesticides and a significant threat to the health of children .
An earlier report issued by the Natural Resources Defense Council in 1989 , " Intolerable Risk : Pesticides in our Children 's Food , " had also castigated pesticide manufacturers .
Former director of the National Academy of Sciences Board of Agriculture Charles Benbrook had worked on the pesticide report by the Academy of Sciences .
He charged that the role of the ACS as a source of information for the pesticide and product industry was " unconscionable . "
Investigative reporter Sheila Kaplan went a step further in a 1993article : " What they did was clearly and unequivocally over the line , and constitutes a major conflict of interest .
" Sources included : " The Secret History of the War on Cancer " , Devra Davis , Basic Books / Perseus Books Group , 2007 Tony Isaacs , is a natural health author , advocate and researcher who hosts
The Best Years in Life website for those who wish to avoid prescription drugs and mainstream managed illness and live longer , healthier and happier lives naturally .
Mr. Isaacs is the author of books and articles about natural health , longevity and beating cancer including " Cancer 's Natural Enemy " and is working on a major book project due to be published later this year .
He is also a contributing author for the worldwide advocacy group " S.A N.E.Vax .
Inc " which endeavors to uncover the truth about HPV vaccine dangers .
Mr. Isaacs is currently residing in scenic East Texas and frequently commutes to the even more scenic Texas hill country near Austin and San Antonio to give lectures and health seminars .
He also hosts the CureZone " Ask Tony Isaacs - featuring Luella May " forum as well as the Yahoo Health Group " Oleander Soup " and he serves as a consultant to the " Utopia Silver Supplement Company " .
A US army private under investigation for allegedly leaking classified material to the WikiLeaks website has been transferred from Kuwait to the US amid growing White House and Pentagon anger over this week 's revelations about the war in Afghanistan .
Bradley Manning , who has already been charged with leaking a video and other material relating to the Iraq war , is now said to be a suspected source for tens of thousands of documents which made their way via WikiLeaks to the Guardian , the New York Times and Der Spiegel in Germany .
The war logs revealed civilian casualties at the hands of coalition forces that were far larger than previously reported , soaring Taliban attacks and frustration at what allies see as support for the insurgency from within Pakistan .
Critics have claimed the leaks put the lives of Afghan informants and coalition troops at risk .
Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff , said yesterday those behind the leaks might already have blood on their hands and the US defence secretary , Robert Gates , promised the criminal investigation would go " wherever it needs to go " .
He did not rule out the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , or the Guardian and other publications being a target .
CNN today reported that Manning , 22 , who was an intelligence officer in Iraq , was being held at a Marine Corps facility in Quantico , Virginia .
No decision had been made yet as to whether he should face trial for the earlier alleged offences , the news channel said .
Mullen told reporters yesterday : " Mr Assange can say whatever he likes about the greater good he thinks he and his source are doing .
But the truth is they might already have on their hands the blood of some young soldier or that of an Afghan family . "
Gates said : " We do n't know how many more there are out there .
It could be a substantial additional number of documents .
And we have no idea what their content is , either . "
He dismissed the idea of talking to Assange to learn more about further information that might be released .
" I 'm not sure why we would , " he said .
" Do you think he is going to tell us the truth ? "
Gates did not mention Manning by name as he revealed that the Pentagon was tightening rules for handling classified material in war zones as a result of the leak .
Pentagon officials said Manning , who had been stationed at a small post outside Baghdad , may not be the sole target of the army inquiry .
" If the kind of breach involved in the downloading of these thousands of documents had occurred at a rear headquarters or here in the US , there 's a very high likelihood we would have detected it , " Gates said .
Yesterday the Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , criticised the publication of the war logs , saying that it could endanger Afghans who worked with Nato forces .
" I heard this yesterday … that names of certain Afghans who co-operate with the coalition have been also revealed in these documents .
This indeed is extremely irresponsible and shocking , " he said .
" Because whether those individuals acted legitimately or illegitimately by providing information to Nato forces , they are lives .
And the lives are in danger now , " he said .
Assange said yesterday that WikiLeaks had contacted the White House via the New York Times and offered to let government officials go through the documents to make sure no innocent people were identified .
The White House did not respond to the approach , he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
Assange dismissed allegations that innocent people had been put in danger .
" We have yet to see clear evidence of that , " he said .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
In a victory for gay rights in the United States , a U.S. district court judge in Massachusetts ruled on Thursday that a federal ban on same - sex marriage is unconstitutional .
Supporters of gay marriage rally outside the federal courthouse in San Francisco , California January 11 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
Judge Joseph Tauro in Boston ruled in favor of gay couples ’ rights in two separate challenges to the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act , known as DOMA , arguing that the law interferes with the right of states to define marriage .
Massachusetts had argued DOMA denied benefits to same - sex couples in the state , where such unions have been legal since 2004 .
Four other states -- Vermont , New Hampshire , Connecticut and Iowa -- also allow same - sex marriage , as does Washington , D.C .
Tauro agreed with the state ’s argument and said DOMA forces Massachusetts to discriminate against its own citizens .
“ The federal government , by enacting and enforcing DOMA , plainly encroaches upon the firmly entrenched province of the state , and in doing so , offends the Tenth Amendment , ” Tauro said .
“ For that reason , the statute is invalid . ”
The Tenth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution says : “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
The Justice Department argued the federal government can determine eligibility requirements for federal benefits , including requiring that those benefits go only to couples in marriages between a man and a woman .
CONSERVATIVES CONFIDENT
The federal government has 60 days to decide whether to appeal Tauro ’s rulings to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit , also in Boston .
Conservative groups predicted the ruling would be overturned .
“ This activist decision must be appealed , and when appealed , I am confident it will be reversed , ” said Mathew Staver , founder of the legal group Liberty Counsel , based in Orlando , Florida .
“ History and common sense show that marriage between a man and a woman has a procreative component absent from same - sex unions , ” Staver said .
In a second case , filed by civil rights group Gays & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders ( GLAD ) , Tauro ruled that DOMA violates the Constitution ’s equal protection clause .
Under the ruling , the plaintiffs -- seven married same - sex couples and three widowers from Massachusetts -- would be entitled to the same federal spousal benefits and protections as opposite - sex married couples .
Nancy Gill , one of the plaintiffs in GLAD ’s suit , is a 22 - year employee of the U.S. Postal Service who cannot cover her wife , Marcelle Letourneau , on her family health and vision insurance plans .
“ I am thrilled that my family will now be treated in the same way as those of my married co-workers at the post office , ” Gill said .
Chad Griffin , spokesman for the American Foundation for Equal Rights , applauded the rulings .
“ Our courts exist to protect Americans ’ constitutional rights when they are violated , and this decision affirms the equal rights of gays and lesbians , ” Griffin said .
Congress enacted DOMA when it seemed that Hawaii was on the verge of legalizing gay marriage , and opponents feared that the movement would become a nationwide trend .
States allowing same sex marriage are still a small minority .
Obama - Dodd - Frank FinReg Monstrosity Delays Derivatives Curbs until 2022 !
Webster G. Tarpley
TARPLEY.net
July 15 , 2010
The Obama - Dodd - Frank financial regulation bill , a miserable excuse for real Wall Street reform , is now about to gain final approval in the Senate .
This wretched bill is now supported by the New England liberal ( meaning Wall Street ) Republican clique including Olympia Snow , Susan Collins , and Scott Brown , who are joined by the notoriously corrupt reactionary Democrat , Ben Nelson of Nebraska .
This bill will create a multitude of new regulations and a number of large new bureaucracies , but it is utterly devoid of any bright - line prohibitions against the causes of the financial panic which struck the United States in 2008 , and which continues to the present day in the form of a world economic depression .
The cause of the 2008 banking panic was that zombie banks and hedge fund hyenas were speculating with toxic and highly leveraged derivatives .
The new bill does virtually nothing to attack the causes of this ongoing financial disintegration .
It is a total defeat for the interests of the American people , and an historic victory for the Wall Street financier oligarchy which owns both the Democratic and Republican parties .
Stockbrokers and investment bankers have battled mightily to avoid any legal compulsion to act in the best interests of their clients , who are often the retail investors which both parties claim to care so much about .
The new bill will not prevent unscrupulous used - car dealers from ripping off their customers through inflated financing costs .
There is nothing in the bill to stop the plague of foreclosures , which last year turned almost 4 million American families into displaced persons on the home front .
There is no ban on the disastrous use of Adjustable Rate Mortgages ( ARMs ) , the financial equivalent of time bombs , which are ruining the lives of so many millions of Americans .
There is no cap on leverage banks can use in financial transactions .
Despite widespread complaining about the Federal Reserve , this bill gives the Fed more regulatory power rather than less .
It represents the complete triumph of the Wall Street derivatives lobby , so much so that even hardened cynics are astounded by the impudence and insolence of Obama and both parties in the Congress .
The graveyard of Hope and Change
Senator Dorgan proposed an amendment to abolish the concept of banks that were too big to fail .
His amendment was rejected .
Senator Kaufman tried to limit the size of banks , but his amendment was deleted .
Senator
Whitehouse tried to limit interest rates on credit cards and predatory payday loans , or at least to allow states to regain their regulatory role in this area , but he was defeated .
Granted , many of these amendments were mere public relations exercises that were always virtually doomed to failure .
Senators McCain and Cantwell tried to restore the firewall , contained in the landmark Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 - 1999 , which rigorously separated commercial banks with FDIC insured deposits on the one hand from investment banking and stock - jobbing on the other .
Glass - Steagall was one of the signature legislative achievements of the New Deal , and there are few better illustrations of the deep hostility of the modern Democratic Party and of Obama in particular to the heritage of Franklin D. Roosevelt than the stubborn refusal of the degenerate Democrats of today to force through the necessary restoration of the Glass - Steagall protections – even in the wake of a breakdown crisis of the entire Anglo - American banking system .
Senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , who is fighting for her own political survival because of her record of subservience to Wall Street , tried to redeem herself with paragraph 716 of title VII of the bill , an attempt to ban trading in credit default swaps ( derivatives ) by FDIC banks .
Notice that by this point there was no effort whatsoever to prevent these banks from dealing in collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) , which were the toxic derivatives which destroyed Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , Merrill Lynch , and Citibank .
Nor was there any effort to curb the use of structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) , toxic instruments which are often used as the final packaging of a mass of CDOs and other kited derivatives .
Still , since credit default swaps had been the main culprits in the bankruptcy of AIG , costing the American taxpayer $ 182 billion and counting , it would have been a meritorious project to keep commercial banks away from these diabolical instruments .
But it was not to be .
In a dirty deal negotiated far away from the C - SPAN cameras , Dodd , Frank , and Rahm Emanuel completely gutted any effort to get commercial banks out of the business of placing side bets using credit default swaps .
At a certain point in the televised reconciliation hearings , Congressman Peterson of Minnesota , the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee , came forward with a compromise which made paragraph 716 into a macabre joke .
The infamous Peterson demanded that banks be allowed to trade credit default swaps in the form of foreign exchange swaps ( thought to be the largest category of swaps ) , interest - rate swaps , and credit derivatives – provided that the underlying securities were investment - grade .
Since these categories represent the vast majority of swaps , and since it is not hard to procure an investment grade rating on junk paper from corrupt agencies like Standard & Poor ’s , Fitch , and Moody ’s , this alleged compromise meant that nothing was left of Senator Lincoln ’s attempt .
Treasury Secretary Tiny Tim Geithner had vehemently proclaimed the irreducible hostility of the Obama regime to any interference with this type of derivative .
Interestingly , the German government had already explicitly banned naked credit default swaps issued as bets on government securities denominated in euros .
Since the restoration of the real Glass - Steagall firewall had been defeated early in the process , Senator Cantwell attempted to provide a weak face - saving substitute in the form of the so - called Volcker rule , which posited that commercial banks were not allowed to engage in speculation and other proprietary trading for their own account .
This Volcker rule was already vitiated by the obvious gray area between speculation and so - called market - making , which entities like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley were sure to exploit to circumvent any new legislation .
However , zombie banks like State Street Bank and Bank of New York - Mellon ( the latter the back - office of the TARP program .
i.e. the October 2008 Wall Street bailout ) found even the weak Volcker rule to be too onerous .
Demagogue Scott Brown Drives His Truck Through the Volcker Rule
Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts won election last January by duping gullible voters with a cultural populist prop in the form of a pickup truck .
At this point in the haggling , Senator Brown documented his subservience to Wall Street by driving his truck through what remained of the Volcker role .
He forced through a provision allowing commercial banks to use 3 % of their capital for speculation through hedge funds .
It might seem that 3 % is a minute fraction of a bank ’s Tier I capital , and that Brown ’s amendment might not be so dangerous after all .
But this is not the case .
If you buy stocks and their price falls to zero , you can lose 100 % of your investment , but no more .
But when you are dealing with derivatives , your losses can be geometrically pyramided into interplanetary space .
This proposition is not a matter of theory , but has been documented through a decade and a half of bankruptcies by hedge funds which had been speculating with derivatives , all the way back to Long - Term Capital Management of Connecticut in 1998 .
Cantwell Recants
In the case of two Bear Stearns hedge funds which imploded in 2007 - 8 , losses of about 50 times the original capital were attained .
Under Scott Brown ’s loophole , losses of 50:1 would already be enough to bankrupt the bank .
But the 2008 crisis offers cases in which derivatives losses might attain or exceed 100:1 on the capital being wagered .
These cases occur when debt instruments are wrapped into a mortgage - backed security or other asset - backed security .
These latter are then included in a collateralized debt obligation , which together with other collateralized debt obligations can be made into a super CDO or CDO² .
Credit default swaps can be attached to these super CDOs .
A number of super CDOs thus equipped can then be wrapped up in a structured investment vehicle ( SIV ) .
At every level of this cancerous mass of kited derivatives , leverage comes into play geometrically .
The investment of 3 % of capital in such a poisonous concoction can easily bankrupt any financial institution many times over .
This phenomenon is one of the basic reasons why losses were so great in 2008 , despite the fact that subprime mortgages are a relatively marginal area of the financial world .
The losses became so monstrous because derivatives are the most effective tools yet devised for magnifying and multiplying financial destruction .
As for Senator Cantwell , she capitulated and announced that she would support the resulting phony bill anyway .
Perhaps the members of the Massachusetts Tea Party would like now to contemplate their own roles as dupes and useful idiots for the Mitt Romney faction of Wall Street asset strippers and hedge fund hyenas , who are the people who put Scott Brown into office .
From now on , Brown should be referred to on Capitol Hill as the senator from Bank of New York - Mellon , since he has no regard for the welfare of the people of Massachusetts .
But even this 3 % loop hole , big enough to drive a truck through , was still too restrictive for Wall Street .
The army of Gucci - clad lobbyists decided that even these nominal restrictions had to be postponed for more than a decade , quite possibly in the hopes that they may be overturned by some future reactionary majority likely to emerge amid the shipwreck of the feckless and treacherous Obama regime .
Plenty of Time for More Financial Catastrophes Before 2022
At the time of the reconciliation hearings , the remaining Volcker rule provisions were apparently supposed to take effect after seven years , allegedly to give the swaps - jobbers time to unwind their positions .
But after the C - SPAN televised reconciliation proceedings were over , dark forces loyal to Wall Street revisited the conference report and introduced even longer delays in implementing even the meager restraints on credit derivatives .
This crime appears to have occurred on June 28 - 29 .
On the Bloomberg Business Week website we read a report dated June 29 :
Goldman Sachs Group and Citigroup Inc. are among U.S. banks that may have as long as a dozen years to cut stakes in in - house hedge funds and private - equity units under a regulatory revamp agreed to last week .
Rules curbing banks ’ investments in their own funds would take effect 15 months to two years after a law is passed , according to the bill .
Banks would have two years to comply , with the potential for three one - year extensions after that .
They could seek another five years for ‘ illiquid ’ funds such as private equity or real estate , said Lawrence Kaplan , an attorney at Paul , Hastings , Janofsky & Walker LLP in Washington .
Giving banks until 2022 to fully implement the so - called Volcker rule is an accommodation for Wall Street in what President Barack Obama called the toughest financial reforms since the 1930s ….
Partly as a result of last - minute changes to the wording of the bill , analysts , lawyers and congressional staffers say it ’s unclear whether the extension period for illiquid funds would run concurrently with the other transition periods .
That could mandate full compliance in less than 12 years .
1
The London Guardian also detailed the ingenious dilatory tricks for stalling , dodging , and postponing which the Wall Street lobbyists had built into the bill :
Language in the act … allows for a six - month study and a further nine months of rule - making .
The measure is supposed to become effective 12 months after the final rule is laid , then banks have two years to conform .
But if they need to , they can apply for a three - year extension .
On top of that , a five - year moratorium is available for ‘ illiquid ’ funds that are hard to unwind .
2
The Revenge of The SIVs
Encoded in the 12 - year delay are most emphatically those structured investment vehicles which cause so much damage in the second half of 2008 .
As Business Week pointed out :
The Volcker rule forbids banks from stepping in with capital infusions or other forms of support when their own funds fail .
In December 2007 , Citigroup agreed to assume $ 59 billion of assets bought by ‘ structured investment vehicles ’ sponsored by the bank .
During the following two years , Citigroup lost more than $ 3 billion on the SIVs , which were a kind of hedge fund that invested in mortgage bonds , credit - card securities and other assets that soured amid the financial crisis .
3
No account of these tragic events would be complete without some attention to the systematic betrayal of the national interest by the reactionary Republicans .
The Republicans are in practice more fanatically committed to derivatives than even the Democrats , and they wear their love of derivatives on their sleeves .
At one point in the reconciliation process , Senator Shelby of Alabama proposed an amendment which would have removed any and all destructions on the use of derivatives by anyone whatsoever , period .
The Republican method is to pretend that derivatives are used exclusively for the traditional hedging which has been carried out from time immemorial by the users of certain commodities , specifically to protect themselves from price fluctuations during the time these raw materials are being turned into finished commodities .
The GOP simply ignores that 99 % plus of the notional value of today ’s $ 1.5 quadrillion derivatives bubble has nothing to do with the end users of any commodities .
If the Republicans were acting in good faith , it would be easy to craft a narrowly defined exemption for the end - users of raw materials and other commodities , but this is not their real purpose .
The GOP serves the derivatives - mongers and the swap - jobbers cynically and blatantly , while the Democrats do this under a veil of deception and anti-Wall Street rhetoric .
As Senator Harkin pointed out , Shelby was really arguing that a hedge fund of the first magnitude was really a mom-and - pop Main Street business .
Shelby ’s goal of opening the barn door wide to any derivatives to be issued by anybody at any time was not successful , but the Peterson amendment and similar Democratic betrayals substantially accomplished the same goals under a cloak of deception .
Intervening along the same lines in defense of Wall Street come out hedge funds , and derivatives were hardened reactionary Republicans like Senators Corker , Gregg , and Chambliss .
Caught between these Republicans and their own venal Dodd - Frank leadership , the small positive initiatives of figures like Blanche Lincoln , Cantwell , Harkin , and Kanjorski were surrounded and crushed .
The last Democrat in the Senate : Feingold
The one principled no vote of a Democratic senator is now likely to come from Feingold of Wisconsin , who is fighting for political survival against a reactionary Republican opponent .
Feingold says that his litmus test for the bill is simply the question of whether this measure can stop the next financial meltdown .
Since the answer is so obviously no , and since the fingerprints of Wall Street are all over the bill , he promises to oppose it .
Feingold has voted in the past against the Iraq war powers resolution of 2002 , against the Patriot Act of 2001 , and against the Wall Street bailout of October 2008 .
He points with pride to his opposition to the Interstate Banking Act of 1994 , which would have prevented the emergence of “ too big to fail ” by maintaining the sensible New Deal ban on commercial banks operating in more than one state .
He also voted against the catastrophic Graham - Leach - Bliley Act of 1999 , which opened the door to the derivatives bubble by completely deregulating these toxic instruments .
The utter failure of Wall Street reform means that the door is now wide open for the second wave of the current world economic depression to continue , as the world descends still further into the financial maelstrom .
As for the Obama regime , they are preparing an austerity program of unprecedented savagery which they intend to impose on the American people with the help of large numbers of defeated Congressmen during the lame duck session of November - December of this year .
You were warned : Obama is a Wall Street puppet , and the events of this year are a first installment of the tragic consequences of such an administration .
________________________
1 Bradley Keoun , “ Volcker Rule May Give Goldman , Citigroup Until 2022 to Comply , ” Business Week , June 29 , 2010 , at http://bx.businessweek.com/financial-regulation/view?url=http%3A%2F%2Fnoir.bloomberg.com%2Fapps%2Fnews%3Fpid%3D20601208%26sid%3DaVhQ7orntLzk
2 Andrew Clark , “ US banks off the hook until 2022 , ” Guardian , June 29 , 2010 , http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2010/jun/29/us-banks-off-the-hook-until-2022.
3 Bradley Keoun , “ Volcker Rule May Give Goldman , Citigroup Until 2022 to Comply , ” Business Week , June 29 , 2010 .
I ’ve always been a fan of Blizzard ’s Warcraft and Starcraft games , but some of their recent moves have caught my attention ( and others ’ ) – and not in a good way .
A couple of months ago , Blizzard introduced a system called Real ID , which links a player ’s account information ( i.e. their real names ) with their in - game profiles .
Since its inception , use of RealID has been totally optional and it has been a great move for game management , cross - game chat and even a way ( for those who want it ) connecting with your Facebook friends .
Yesterday Blizzard announced that in they will introduce some changes in the soon - to - be opened forums for their upcoming Starcraft II game and will follow up with changes in the popular World of Warcraft forums in the coming months .
While Real ID will remain an opt - in only program , to post in the new forums users will have to have , and post with , Real ID accounts , using their real names .
In other words , while you once were known as Arwenia , the blood elf priestess of Kel - Thuzad , and had the option to disclose your real identity at your own discretion , now everyone in the world will know you ’re actually Tom Peterson from Scranton , PA .
This is problematic for many reasons – but let ’s explore some of the most troublesome :
Real - name use brings real - world consequences :
At the end of 2009 , there were over 11 million active WoW players , many of whom play over 30 hours a week .
In - game competitions can get heated , and relationships between players sometimes go sour – does Blizzard really want players ’ in - game names to be associated with their users ’ real names in a public and searchable fashion and make it that much easier to take in - game drama into the real world ?
Forum posts with real names attached will also make players ’ gaming habits readily accessible to the non-gaming public .
These names can be searched by current and potential employers and other people with whom users ’ may not want to share their gaming habits .
Allowing players to use pseudonyms with Real ID accounts could solve this problem easily .
While the Starcraft II forums will be new , and all users will have to opt- in to use Real ID to participate , what about the older and more popular World of Warcraft forum ?
The WoW “ General Discussion ” forum ( only one of many sections ) already has over 1,100 pages of threads , with the most popular items having been viewed over 1.4 million times .
Will users ’ real names be applied to posts retroactively ?
Will there be an option for current users to post under their old pseudonyms ?
Currently , users are required to log in using their WoW accounts , which are linked to their billing information – from a moderator ’s perspective , why will Real ID promote accountability better than this current system ?
Blizzard states in their post that in the forums “ flame wars , trolling , and other unpleasantness run wild , ” and that by removing the ability to post anonymously , forum participants will likely be better behaved .
But why not allow users to post under a pseudonym that is connected to their Real ID login ?
If you ’re behaving badly , the Blizzard moderators could still enforce discipline to your Real ID account .
The burden of site moderation is on Blizzard , not the users .
Beyond the specific issues cited above is a concern that this practice goes against the very spirit of immersive gaming environments companies like Blizzard work so hard to create .
Many users desire to play games as a departure from their real lives , spending countless hours creating distinct identities for their characters , and may not want to participate in a community where these identities are forcibly linked to their real names .
A quick look at the over 1,000 pages of comments on Blizzard ’s post shows concerns ranging from female players who fear being stalked , users with unique names fearing their accounts might be stolen , and even one poster who claims to be in the witness protection program .
Players signed on to the forums with the expectation that their legal identities would be kept anonymous .
As Blizzard carries out its changeover to Real ID , they may gain a fresh look into the habits of their customers – both in - game and out .
A quick review of Blizzard ’s privacy policy shows Blizzard has reserved the right to “ enhance or merge the personal information collected at a Blizzard site with data from third parties .
Blizzard may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer products or services that may be of interest to you . ”
While the policy explicitly states users will be granted an opt - out opportunity , it is important to note that the market for user data is a large one , and the uses of Real ID may not be restricted to forum participation and chatting .
Blizzard is a company held in the highest regard by its loyal fans , and it will be very interesting to see what the future of Real ID will be , both on their forums and in - game .
We ’d love to hear from Blizzard about their plans , and we hope that we have the opportunity to do so before the launch of the new forums on July 22 .
Lee Boyd Malvo , who was sentenced to life in prison for his role in the sniper attacks that terrorized the Washington , D.C. area , said during an interview with actor William Shatner set to air Thursday that he and accomplice John Muhammad had recruited more co-conspirators to take part in the 2002 killing spree .
During a phone interview from prison to air on cable channel A&E , Malvo told Shatner he initially trained with three other snipers under the guidance of Muhammad .
Two of them were murdered after being unwilling to follow through with the plan to wreak havoc on the entire Eastern Seaboard using silenced rifles .
The whereabouts of the third accomplice are unknown .
Dr. Neil Blumberg , Malvo ’s psychiatrist , added that Muhammad threatened to kill Malvo if he backed out of the plan .
Police in the D.C. area are not convinced by Malvo ’s confessions .
“ I think Malvo ’s full of crap , ” the Washington Post quoted Fairfax County Homicide Detective Lt. Bruce Guth as saying .
“ He ’s changed his story at least five or six times , ” Guth continued .
Together , Muhammad and Malvo killed at least 10 people .
In the interview with Shatner , Malvo admitted his involvement in 42 other shootings .
The special will also reveal previously unseen footage of Malvo ’s confession to Virginia police in 2002 , Malvo ’s father pleading for his son and a confession to Tuscon , Ariz . , police about several murders that were not initially connected to the D.C. - area case .
Muhammad was executed last year in Virginia .
There are no stupid questions , there are stupid answers .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Supporters of the legalisation of gay marriage celebrate in the streets in Argentina
Argentina has become the first country in Latin America to legalise gay marriage after the Senate voted in favour .
The country 's Chamber of Deputies had already approved the legislation .
The vote in the Senate , which backed the bill by just six votes , came after 14 hours of at times heated debate .
The law , which also allows same - sex couples to adopt , had met with fierce opposition from the Catholic Church and other religious groups .
The legislation , backed by President Cristina Fernandez 's centre - left government , passed by 33 votes to 27 with three abstentions .
Image caption
There were demonstrations for and against the bill outside Congress as senators debated
Outside Congress , as the debate continued into the early hours of Thursday , supporters and opponents of the bill held rival demonstrations .
" Nearly every political and social figure has spoken out in favour of marriage equality , " said Maria Rachid , president of the Argentine Federation of Lesbians , Gays , Bisexuals and Transsexuals .
" And we hope that the Senate reflects this and that Argentina , from today forward , is a more just country for all families , " she told the Associated Press .
All that my boyfriend and I want is to adopt a child and be accepted by society Lionel , Cordoba , Argentina Your commentsQ&A : Argentina gay marriage law
Ines Frank , from a group called Argentine Families Argentina , said opposition was not discrimination " because the essence of a family is between two people of opposite sexes " .
There have been several gay marriages recently in Argentina , some of which were annulled by the Supreme Court , creating a legal controversy .
Civil unions between people of the same sex are legal in Buenos Aires and in some other provinces but there was no law to regulate it on a country - wide level .
Argentina 's capital is widely considered to be among the most gay - friendly cities in Latin America .
It was the first Latin American city to legalise same - sex unions .
Same - sex civil unions are also legal in Uruguay and some states in Brazil and Mexico , while gay marriage is legal in Mexico City .
To send your views , please join in our debate
In a move that raises the risk profile of millions of computing devices globally , Microsoft says it will no longer shore up security weaknesses in computers using Windows XP Service Pack 2 and Windows 2000 operating systems .
Such desktop PCs and servers are still widely used in corporate networks globally .
And as anyone paying attention knows , infected PCs in corporate settings are in high demand by cyber gangs controlling the botnets driving all forms of cybercrime .
Botnets are used toÃ‚Â spread spam , steal data , hijack online bank accounts , commit click fraud and conduct denial - of - service attacks for extortion or political reasons .
The software giant announced Tuesday that it will stop supporting computers using those older operating systems as of July 13th .
Service packs contain major security and reliability upgrades .
Global exposure
Qualys estimates 50 % of Windows XP machines used by businesses are SP2 machines .
Qualys manages computer upgrades for over four thousand corporations , government agencies and large organizations worldwide , as well as small - and medium - sized businesses .
“ No new security patches for Windows XP SP2 means that users will not get updates to the core operating system and its components , ” says Qualys CTO Wolfgang Kandek .
“ The overall effect will be that the machine becomes increasingly susceptible to attacks from malicious software . ”
Most XP machines in U.S. homes are running with the more recent Service Pack 3 .
That ’s because most U.S. consumers enable Windows auto update , the online service Microsoft uses to automatically push out security fixes to consumer PCs .
However , Gunter Ollmann , VP of research at Damballa , notes that Windows XP SP2 and Windows 2000 areÃ‚Â deployed extensively in computing devices as embedded operating systems that are difficult to update .
He says many solenoid devices , such asÃ‚Â those used in the petrochemical and water and gas industries , are still shipped with these old operating systems .
“ Unfortunately theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re also prime candidates for compromise via worm - based malware Ã¢â‚¬â€œ in particular botnets and other persistent threats , ” says Ollmann .
Ollmann , Ã‚Â a leading expert on the activities of botnet gangs , says he expects the major gangs to be “ unaffected or simply not care about this recent news . ”
The primary reason , he says , is becauseÃ‚Â “ their malware agents are more than capable of operating upon newer operating systems and have already been proven to be backwardly compatible with XP SP2 . ”
Update to SP3 — or buy Windows 7
Microsoft issues security updates on the second Tuesday of each month , known as Patch Tuesday .
Corporate users typically install service packs and security patches manually , only after extensive testing , says Jason Miller , data and security team manger at Shavlik Technologies .
“ We frequently speak with IT administrators who are running Windows XP SP2 on many machines in their network , and this will affect many businesses across the globe , ” says Miller .
“ For a variety of reasons , mainly resources and cost , many businesses still run older versions of Operating Systems and service packs in their environments . ”
Miller says upgrading to the latest service pack level is definitely not a simple task for most organizations , especiallyÃ‚Â “ for those companies with many machines spread across the globe and not readily accessible .
Examples of these types of hard - to - manage devices include ATM machines and point of sale devices like cash registers at your local Home Depot . ”
Microsoft spokeswoman Alison Dwiggins declined to supply an estimate of how many Windows XP SP2 PCs and Windows 2000 servers remain in business - use globally .
“ As you know , we do n’t break out the install base , ” she wrote in an email reply to questions submitted by Technology Live .
Microsoft recommends that its customers buy new Windows 7 PCs .
Alternatively XP SP2 users can install Service Pack 3 .
The procedure is described here .
Asked to characterize the go - forward risks of using Windows XP SP2 PCs , Dwiggins replied :
Per the Microsoft support lifecycle policy , Microsoft will no longer provide support or updates ( including Security Updates ) for the versions of Windows that have reached the end of support .
Installation of the most current service pack and all available Security Updates ( at a minimum ) is recommended to ensure that available security protections are in place for a Windows computer and to prevent the spread of malicious software to other computers .
Shavlik ’s Miller recommends that corporate users bite the bullet and replace their older machines with new Windows 7 units .
“ Companies choosing to not adhere to vendor support lifecycles presents a risk to a network as vulnerabilities exist that can lead to virus outbreaks , breaches in security and potential loss of data , ” says Miller .Ã‚Â
“ The longer Microsoft continues to support legacy products and applications , Microsoft and its customers will suffer as they will spend effort and energy supporting legacy code instead of ultimately developing new technologies and security measures .
Ã¢â‚¬Â 
By Byron Acohido
May 12th , 2010 | For consumers |
For technologists | Imminent threats
daaaaaaaaang , Steve , take a chill pill .
See you Monday !
Happy 4th of July , fellow Americans !
Try not to blow yourselves up with fireworks .
Discover the right electric guitar for you at Gear4music .
Our vast range contains great value starter guitar bundles up to premium electric guitars .
Discover the right electric guitar for you at Gear4music .
Our vast range contains great value starter guitar bundles up to premium electric guitars .
Explore guitars built by leading brands like Gibson , Fender , and Ibanez .
You can also shop safe in the knowledge you get our two - year warranty for free .
Shop for your next solid - body , hollow - body or semi- hollow today .
Read less
Michael Cross est journaliste au Guardian et l'un des responsables de la campagne " Free our data " , qui milite pour davantage de transparence et une plus large diffusion des données publiques .
Il est l'un des invités de la conférence Lift France , dont la dixième édition se déroulera à Marseille la semaine prochaine .
Guest : Qu'appelez -vous " données publiques " ?
Y incluez - vous également les données fiscales ?
judiciaires ?
Michael Cross :
Notre définition des données publiques englobe toutes les données créées par des administrations dans le cadre de leurs missions .
Ce sont principalement les données géographiques ou météorologiques , mais oui , cela peut aussi inclure des données financières ou juridiques .
Kerenn :
On a beaucoup parlé des notes de frais des députés britanniques , mais comment peut - on y avoir accès au Royaume - Uni ?
La loi britannique est très claire sur l'accès aux données .
Grâce au Freedom of Information
Act , tout citoyen peut demander accès à la plupart des documents , même si les autorités se démènent pour protéger leurs secrets les plus embarrassants .
Le plus dur , c'est d'avoir l'autorisation de réutiliser ces données .
En théorie , les données du gouvernement sont soumises au " copyright de la Couronne " , et sont la propriété de la reine , qui pose des conditions strictes à leur reproduction et à leur réutilisation .
Cependant , en partie grâce à la campagne que nous avons menée au Guardian , le gouvernement a assoupli les règles pour qu'il soit possible , au moins en principe , de réutiliser ces informations .
La bataille pour l'accès aux notes de frais des députés a été conduite par ma collègue Heather Brooke , qui est l'une des héroïnes du mouvement pour la librerté d'information .
En résumé , elle a dû se battre contre les autorités parlementaires ( qui estimaient que ces données étaient leur propriété ) jusqu'aux plus hautes instances judiciaires .
Après une très longue bataille , les tribunaux lui ont finalement donné raison , mais , alors que ces informations devaient être expurgées avant de lui être remises officiellement , une fuite a eu lieu et un fichier contenant toutes les notes de frais a été remis au Daily Telegraph , qui a commencé à les publier .
Les autorités du Parlement ont compris que la partie était finie – notamment parce qu'il y avait des révélations embarrassantes – et a accepté de publier les notes de frais .
D'autres administrations ou entités publiques comme la BBC suivent maintenant leur exemple .
Le nouveau gouvernement , élu en mai , s'est aussi engagé à plus de transparence , par exemple en publiant les salaires des hauts cadres de l'administration .
Choco : Est-il plus facile au Royaume - Uni d'avoir accès à des documents administratifs qu'en France ou que dans d'autres pays européens ?
D'après ce que je comprends de ce que disent mes collègues en Europe , la situation en Grande - Bretagne sur l'accès et la réutilisation des données est meilleure que dans le reste de l'Europe .
Certains pays d'Europe du Nord sont en avance , tandis que d'autres pays sont particulièrement exigeants sur les conditions de réutilisation des données .
Par exemple , j'ai appris récemment que dans un pays du centre de l'Europe , les données météorologiques sont toujours soumises au secret défense !
Je ne suis pas un spécialiste de la situation en France , mais j'ai rencontré des représentants du ministère de l'économie l'an dernier , et j'ai eu l'impression qu'ils avaient peu de sympathie pour l'idée de rendre publiques leurs données économiques .
J'ai également cru comprendre qu'il y avait un débat autour des données de l'Institut géographique national ( IGN ) .
Khenny :
Ne trouvez - vous pas que la confidentialité de certaines données assure justement la sécurité du citoyen lambda ?
Bonne question .
Quand nous avons commencé la campagne " Free our data " , nous nous sommes concentrés sur tout ce qui ne contenait pas d'informations personnelles .
Des problèmes liés au respect de la vie privée demeurent .
Les " cartes du crime " [ voir celle de Londres ] , par exemple , posent problème : je pense que la plupart des victimes de cambriolages préfèrent que leur adresse ne soit pas publiée !
Les données médicales , celles des hôpitaux , posent des questions extrêmement complexes .
Le gouvernement a accepté de publier certaines données très sensibles , comme les taux de mortalité des patients de chirurgiens clairement identifiés : cela a créé une controverse .
De telles questions doivent être débattues publiquement : une part de notre campagne porte sur la transparence du processus de décision qui aboutit à la publication – ou à la non-publication , pour de bonnes raisons – de tel ou tel type de données .
Marc :
Une fois qu'on a accès à ces données publiques , que peut - on en faire ?
La réponse courte , c'est " ce que vous voulez " ( dans le respect , bien sûr , de la présomption d'innocence , des lois sur la diffamation … ) !
Nous nous sommes rendu compte que quand vous donnez de grandes quantités de données à des gens créatifs , ils font des choses créatives avec .
Voici un exemple simple : c'est une carte mise à jour en temps réel de la position de tous les trains sur le réseau – célèbre pour sa ponctualité – de British Railways [ les chemins de fer britanniques connaissent fréquemment d'importants problèmes de retard ] .
Il se passera des choses encore plus intéressantes lorsque les citoyens commenceront à véritablement mélanger les données en provenance de différentes sources , ce que même le gouvernement a encore du mal à faire .
Régis B. :
Dans un pays démocratique , quelles sont les étapes à franchir par les institutions nationales pour parvenir à une libération des données ?
Sont - elles d'ordre juridique , sont - elles profondément structurelles , ou la libération des données résulte - t - elle simplement d'un changement de comportement de la part des institutions concernées ?
Très bonne question .
Je pense que c'est principalement une question de culture .
Dans les administrations , il y a toujours une crainte  : celle d'avoir plus d'ennuis en rendant publiques par erreur des données qu'en en conservant à tort .
Donc la position par défaut des administrations est toujours une très grande prudence .
Je crois que cela ne peut être changé qu'en partant du sommet de la hiérarchie .
Nous avons eu deux premiers ministres de suite , de partis opposés , qui se sont positionnés en faveur de l'ouverture des données , et qui ont nommé des personnalités reconnues , comme Tim Berners - Lee , pour promouvoir cette cause .
Cela a un impact sur les positions officielles .
La création du site officiel Data.gov.uk , basé sur son équivalent américain , a aussi été d'une grande aide .
Khenny :
Ne pourrait - il pas y avoir un détournement de ces informations pour des objectifs commerciaux ?
Je pense particulièrement aux publicitaires , qui pourraient alors cibler les consommateurs les plus vulnérables …
Dans notre société de consommation surendettée , cela pourrait poser problème .
Plus largement , c'est bien sûr une question de philosophie politique .
A mon avis – qui n'est pas nécessairement celui de mes collègues – les données publiques doivent pouvoir être réutilisées aussi de manière commerciale , même par des entreprises que nous n'aimons pas , et pour des buts que nous n'approuvons pas .
Si ces pratiques commerciales posent problème , c'est à ces pratiques que l'Etat devrait s'attaquer directement .
Chat modéré par Laurent Checola et Damien Leloup
A great way to get started on building real - world applications using Scala and its tools and frameworks .
Martin Odersky , Creator of Scala
Scala in Action is a comprehensive tutorial that introduces Scala through clear explanations and numerous hands - on examples .
Because Scala is a rich and deep language , it can be daunting to absorb all the new concepts at once .
This book takes a " how - to " approach , explaining language concepts as you explore familiar programming challenges that you face in your day - to - day work .
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
NASA History Office
The Decision to Go to the Moon :
President John F. Kennedy's May 25 , 1961 Speech
before a Joint Session of Congress
The decision involved much consideration before making it public , as well as enormous human efforts and expenditures to make what became Project Apollo a reality by 1969 .
Only the construction of the Panama Canal in modern peacetime and the Manhattan Project in war were comparable in scope .
NASA 's overall human spaceflight efforts were guided by Kennedy 's speech ; Projects Mercury ( at least in its latter stages ) , Gemini , and Apollo were designed to execute Kennedy 's goal .
His goal was achieved on July 20 , 1969 , when Apollo 11 commander Neil Armstrong stepped off the Lunar Module 's ladder and onto the Moon 's surface .
In honor of Kennedy 's historic speech , below are some documents and other information relating to the decision to go to the Moon and Project Apollo that we hope you find useful .
High Resolution version of above photo
Links to full text and audio versions of Kennedy 's May 25 , 1961 speech , as well as other key speeches and documents
Pdf versions of key original documents
Lots of information about Project Apollo and anniversary sites
A cool site devoted to the 30th anniversary of Apollo 11 in 1999
" Washington Goes to the Moon " : A two - part radio program produced by WAMU - FM in Washington , D.C. that deals with the political story behind Project Apollo .
Low - Hanging Fruit
Can collecting leftover produce help us re-envision the world ?
Winter 2010 Kyle Boelte
Reports
Lee Davenport
Mike Cohen , executive director of the Bellingham Food Bank in Washington , often gets phone calls from area farmers who have recently harvested a crop .
These small - scale organic farmers call to say they just picked carrots or kale or apples from their fields and are ready for the gleaners – volunteers who pick leftover produce and distribute it to the poor .
Sometimes these calls come a few days before a farmer wants the gleaners to arrive .
Sometimes Cohen ’s phone rings just a day before a farmer needs them .
He ’s never sure when the next call will come and exactly what crop his group will be picking .
Cohen helps run Small Potatoes Gleaning , a volunteer organization that provides leftover produce to people who are struggling to afford food on their own .
Small Potatoes is just one of many such organizations across the country that are turning to gleaning to prevent waste , provide fresh food to the hungry , and build community .
After he gets the call from a local farmer , it ’s time for Cohen to spread the word – via e-mails , phone calls , and word of mouth .
He has a regular group of volunteers he relies on in moments like these , people with flexible schedules who can travel to the fields and pick leftover produce to be donated throughout the community .
In Bellingham , gleaners head out into the Sudden Valley ’s fields to pick fruit from damp tree branches and vegetables from the moist ground .
The clouds hang low and light rain often falls on the group , mostly college kids , high school students doing community service , and retired couples .
The organic and local food movements are strong here , and they motivate many of the gleaners .
The organic farmers Small Potatoes works with , meanwhile , are motivated not just by altruism , but by the savings they reap by having gleaners , rather than laborers , take care of their unmarketable leftovers .
Gleaning has been practiced for more than 2,000 years .
Many modern - day gleaning groups look to the Bible for inspiration when it comes to collecting fruit and vegetables for the hungry .
For example , Leviticus 19:10 states : “ Do not go over your vineyard a second time or pick up the grapes that have fallen .
Leave them for the poor and the alien . ”
In a variety of ancient cultures , it was standard practice for the poor to be allowed onto a farmer ’s land after the harvest to collect the leftovers .
Now , gleaning is practiced by people both religious and secular , urban and rural , on the East and West Coasts , and throughout the heartland .
While it once made sense to allow the hungry onto farmers ’ fields at the end of a harvest , the practice is less common today , as most people live far away from fields .
That shift has transformed the practice of gleaning .
Now , gleaning operations often involve staff or volunteers from established programs who go into the countryside to collect produce , then bring it back to the town or city to be distributed .
At the same time , a newly conscious public is thinking more about where their food comes from and how it gets to the table .
In large part , gleaning is an extension of an ethic that promotes local , healthy food , limits waste , and reduces resource consumption .
Joel Catchlove
“ There is always considerable waste in most any food system , ” points out Frederick Kirschenmann , Fellow at the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University .
In the United States , a lot of waste is generated , Kirschenmann says , simply because “ it does not meet some of the aesthetic standards of our modern food system . ”
Short carrots get passed by , bruised apples are left on the tree , oddly shaped cucumbers are dismissed , even if it ’s all perfectly fine to eat .
Gleaning reduces that waste .
More than 35 million people in the United States are uncertain about where they will find their next meal , according to The Food Research and Action Center .
Gleaning is a practical way to get fresh food to some of those people .
The practice simply links the leftover food to the people who need it .
It may not be able to rid us of hunger completely – despite its wealth , the United States has a major food security problem and solutions to the problem are complex – but , many argue , gleaning is a good place to start .
Plus , it offers a way for people to get closer to the land , stay connected to their community , and discover a new way of seeing the world .
One of the volunteers Small Potatoes Gleaning counts on is Pat McGraw , who has been helping collect produce for seven years .
“ In this recession , more and more people are relying on us , ” McGraw says .
“ It feels good to get fresh produce to people who really need it . ”
She pauses , and then after thinking it over for a moment , adds , “ I ’m greatly rewarded because what we are doing is so needed . ”
Once McGraw and the other volunteers collect the leftovers , they deliver them to one or more of two - dozen outlets , such as food banks and group homes .
“ We deliver to whatever partner is open the day of the glean , ” Cohen , the director , explains .
“ It does n’t all go to one food bank or one place . ”
In contrast to Small Potatoes ’ farm - based program , the gleaning program at the Tucson Community Food Bank in Arizona gathers fruit from local backyards .
The food bank has a paid staff member who is in charge of gleaning , but also relies on volunteers to help collect fruit from four to six houses a day .
“ People in the community call us up and tell us that they have fruit , ” staffer Jacob Coldsmith says , adding that its ongoing relationship with the community is key to the program ’s success .
The Tucson program focuses mostly on the citrus season , in winter , to provide fresh fruit at a time when most of the food they are giving away is nonperishable canned and boxed items .
Sarah Gilbert
The Mid-Atlantic Gleaning Network , in the DC area , connects farmers to one of its many small volunteer groups .
While Small Potatoes uses a regular group of volunteers , Mid-Atlantic works to connect church groups , schools , and college clubs to gleaning opportunities .
The staff arranges these gleans and makes sure there is always a group available when a farmer calls .
The collected produce is then distributed to food banks or church programs in the area .
With multiple groups out in the fields to pick produce , the Mid-Atlantic Gleaning Network is able to collect a substantial amount of food – more than 2.4 million pounds of produce in 2008 .
“ In previous years we have moved more than that , ” says Garrett Hutsko , director of operations at Mid-Atlantic .
“ Our goal this year is to move between 4.8 and 6 million pounds . ”
In Washington , the smaller Small Potatoes group collected about 50,000 pounds in 2007 , and in Tucson , the Community Food Bank was able to collect 100,000 pounds in 2008 .
A recession - battered job market and an increase in poverty will no doubt strengthen the gleaning movement .
The economic downturn has not only increased the number of people in need of food aid , it also challenged a culture set to run itself off a cliff of credit , commercialism , and consumerism .
“ Right now , people are more conscious of not wasting , ” Cohen says , and gleaning is a fairly easy way to reduce waste in the food system .
Plus , there is “ more and more support for locally grown food and gleaning fits into that , ” he adds .
JoelCatchlove
The recession has been a boon for everything from home gardening to canning , and gleaning is no exception .
And it ’s not just organized groups that are gleaning – individuals are scouring their neighborhoods for fruit trees .
In 2004 , several artists in Los Angeles started fallenfruit.org , a Web site that maps fruit trees in public places for individuals to glean .
The idea has caught on in other cities , like Oakland , CA ( the Forage Oakland project ) and Portland , OR ( Urban Edibles ) .
These projects represent a new way of seeing – the abundance all around us suddenly has become apparent .
Whereas fruits trees had , for many people , become simply ornamental and devoid of meaning , a re-imagining of our everyday landscapes allows us to see them as food - producing plants .
And in so doing , perhaps something larger is happening .
Perhaps we can come to see our cityscapes as not outside of nature , but a part of it .
But the question for many people interested in gleaning is whether the consciousness that has developed during the recession will slip as people return to their old ways .
Is the new way of seeing just momentary , or are we learning something that will change our relationships to our food and our environments ?
As financial writer James Surowiecki has pointed out , the Great Depression , despite a popular belief to the contrary , did not change long - term attitudes toward consumption .
“ If the Depression did n’t make Americans wary of the pleasures of consumption , ” he writes , “ it ’s unlikely that this downturn will . ”
JoelCatchlove
Even if the gleaning consciousness survives the recession , does gleaning make sense as a way to reduce waste in the long - term ?
It does cut down on waste in the current system , but that does n’t mean that it is the best way to address food waste .
In California , for example , a lot of “ imperfect ” but edible produce is kept out of the commercial food supply , says Andy Fisher , Executive Director of the Community Food Security Coalition in Portland .
One reason this is done , Fisher explains , is “ to protect farmers from an oversupply on the market and to avoid plunging prices . ”
Such practices might leave food available for gleaners , but Fisher points out that by picking all edible produce for sale , farmers would increase supply and push the price of produce down .
That would make it more affordable for low - income populations .
And , if more people actually started buying fresh fruit and vegetables , farmers could benefit from an increase in demand for their newly affordable products .
In one sense , gleaning should not be necessary in a sustainable food system .
If one of the main reasons that food is left on the vine is that it does not fit an aesthetic ideal , then a sustainable system that values a variety of food shapes and sizes might reduce the amount of food wasted to begin with .
In 2008 , the European Union relaxed shape restrictions on 26 types of fruits and vegetables because of rising prices .
It ’s easy to imagine that funny looking fruit might catch on , as funky shaped heirloom tomatoes have for certain shoppers .
That switch would obviously leave less food available for gleaning groups , but gleaning could continue on a smaller scale , as in Tucson or Los Angeles , where the fruit is harvested from backyards and sidewalks .
KT Ries
Providing the poor with fresh produce is the most obvious immediate benefit of the current gleaning movement .
The lasting impact of gleaning may come by way of linking city people to the land where their food grows .
As Cohen tells it , “ we have kids [ who come gleaning ] who did n’t know that carrots come from the ground .
‘ What are the green things on the top ? ’ they ask . ”
For many people , working in the fields is several generations behind them .
Along with home gardening efforts and visits to the local farmers ’ market , gleaning can help connect a younger generation to their food .
In Tucson , where citrus season is in full swing , Jacob Coldsmith and the Community Food Bank are ramping up their efforts .
In his office in South Tucson , Coldsmith reflects on the diversity of options gleaning adds to the food bank ’s offerings .
“ It ’s nice to get healthier food out to people , ” he says .
“ The more [ volunteers ] get into it , the more they will see what is available to glean .
There really is a lot to glean , if you look around . ”
We ’ve seen home made costumes from many videogame series .
Most use cardboard boxes and paint , the guys at PeteMander GFX went above and beyond to make this suit as realistic as possible .
Standing at least 7 feet tall , this mountainous suit would make any Master Chief wannabe wet his own pants .
And here is a brief making of video …
Image caption Seoul and Pyongyang have cut most cross - border ties after the sinking
North Korea says its military will respond if the UN Security Council rebukes it over an alleged torpedo attack on a Southern warship in March .
In a rare news conference , the North 's UN envoy Sin Son -ho demanded that Pyongyang be allowed to send a team to investigate the sinking of the Cheonan .
His comments came a day after North and South gave their versions of events to the UN in separate hearings .
The US said the comments represented more " provocative behaviour " .
" We 're looking for North Korea to change its unacceptable behaviour , to cease belligerent actions , " said White House spokesman Philip Crowley .
" The last thing we want to see is further tension in the Korean peninsula . "
End of diplomacy
The South is hoping for tough action from the UN , which has so far expressed " grave concern " but has not blamed either side .
Image caption North Korea 's UN envoy Sin Son -ho rarely gives news conferences
Mr Sin said the Security Council had so far heard only one side of the story , because the South had turned down the North 's requests to be allowed to investigate the incident .
" If the Security Council release any documents against us condemning or questioning us in any document then ... [ as a ] diplomat , I can do nothing , " he said .
" The follow - up measures will be carried out by our military forces . "
Analysts say the Security Council still has not decided what to do , with China usually reluctant to sanction any move against its allies in Pyongyang .
The warship was sunk in March , killing 46 sailors on board .
Since the sinking , Seoul has suspended trade with its neighbour , to which Pyongyang responded by cutting all bilateral ties .
In response to the widely publicized complaints from TV viewers and broadcasters of the 2010 FIFA World Cup , Waves is proud to unveil a solution which dramatically reduces the problematic sound of the omnipresent Vuvuzela trumpet favored by South African soccer fans .
Working in conjunction with a major television broadcaster , we 've precision - crafted a preset processing chain which drastically decreases Vuvuzela noise : The WNS Waves Noise Suppressor and the Q10 Equalizer .
Together , they not only minimize Vuvuzela noise , they increase the intelligibility of the game announcers ' play - by - play action and color commentary .
The processing chain for Vuvuzela noise reduction is now available as load - and - use sessions for Pro Tools , Waves MultiRack , and Cubase .
WNS Waves Noise Suppressor is a real - time noise reduction plugin which is unsurpassed for noise suppression in both indoor and outdoor environments with constant or modulating noise .
Originally engineered for reducing noise from dialogue in film and video , WNS has since proven itself invaluable as a broadcast tool .
WNS Waves Noise Suppressor
Q10 Equalizer delivers precision equalization in any audio situation : broadcast , recording , mixing , mastering , and more .
With power and features that far surpass the capabilities of analog gear , the Q10 lets you create spectral modifications that range from subtle to extreme .
Q10 Equalizer
How It Works
A combination of dynamic broadband noise suppression and notch filtering are utilized to create the Vuvuzela noise reduction processing chain .
Routing schemes and parameter settings were painstakingly adjusted , contrasted and , compared ; multiple instances of each plugin , with different settings , were ultimately used to achieve optimal results .
By Jane HanKorea Times correspondentNEW
YORK ―
Every year , thousands of pregnant Korean women arrive in the U.S. with a big , round belly and leave with a flat stomach , carrying in their arms a newborn baby with American citizenship .
Labeled " birth tourists , " these moms consider the costly trips a privilege and money well spent .
But for a growing number of Americans , they are ill - intended visits that take advantage of loopholes in the U.S. immigration system .
And now , with millions of foreign birth tourists coming from everywhere from Turkey to Taiwan with the same purpose , conservative lawmakers in the U.S. are pushing legislation that would stop automatically granting citizenship to every baby born on U.S. soil , as stated in the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
Republican Rep. Gary Miller has introduced a bill that would prevent children from becoming citizens at birth if they are born to illegal aliens , a move that many say challenges the fundamental tenet of the country 's constitution .
His bill also specifically takes aim at birth tourists and the increasing numbers of businesses that help pregnant women give birth in the U.S.Dozens of Korean businesses in major U.S. cities , including Los Angeles , New York and Seattle , are also prominent in this industry .
For anywhere from $ 20,000 to $ 50,000 , they offer a comprehensive service that covers airfare , city tours , pre- and post - partum care - including customized meals three times a day and general maid services - and even English lessons for the new mom .
Packages offered by Turkish businesses are also known to be high - end .
For about $ 40,000 , women can stay at a luxury hotel on New York 's Upper East Side with all their needs taken care of .
" They sell packages for women to come to the U.S. , have their baby and then give all the necessary paperwork , babysit the child for a week or two so they can go on vacation then pack them up and send them home with an American citizen , " Miller said in a recent television interview .
He called for a national debate on the issue , stressing that " more and more Americans are looking at this whole issue and saying , ' This is wrong and has to be stopped . " '
In fact , a recent poll by Rasmussen Reports showed that 58 percent of 1,000 likely U.S. voters said " no " to giving citizenships to children of illegal immigrants .
Meanwhile , 33 percent still said a child born of a woman who enters the U.S. as an illegal alien and gives birth should automatically be a U.S. citizen .
According to the National Center of Health Statistics , the number of U.S. births to non-resident mothers increased 53 percent between 2000 and 2006 .
Miller 's bill is garnering support from select Republican lawmakers , but it drew immediate opposition from critics who say the move is threatening the nation 's basic principles .
" The bill is unconstitutional , " Democratic Rep. Joe Baca said in media interview .
" If you were born in the United States , you 're an American .
" Other Democratic lawmakers and civic groups are ready to fight the case , while businesses are also voicing their opinions .
"
We 're not doing anything illegal , " said a manager of one birth tourism package provider based in Los Angeles .
" We 're a registered business breaking no laws so we should n't be scrutinized . " 매년 수 천 명의 한국 산모들이 태어날 아이에게 미국 시민권을 주기 위해 배가 불룩한 채로 미국에 입국해 배를 쏙 빼고 나온다 .이런 사람들을 ‘ 출산 투어리스트 ’ 라고 부른다 .
이런 사람들은 돈이 아깝다 생각지 않고 미래를 위해 잘 투자했다는 생각을 가지고 있다 .하지만 미국인구가 증가하면서 터키에서 타이완까지 모든 나라에서 이런 원정 출산을 한다 .
이에 미 정부는 14번째 미국 헌법 수정안에 따라 미국에서 태어나는 모든 아기에게 시민권을 주지 않기로 하였다 .공화당 대표 개리 밀러는 불법 이민자들이 미국에서 낳는 애기는 시민권을 주지 말자는 법안을 제출했다 .한국인 같은 경우 2 만 달러에서 5 만 달러 정도면 비행기 값 , 각종 산모에 필요한 서비스를 미국에서 받을 수 있다.조사에서는 1000 명 중 58 % 는 안된다고 답했고 33 % 는 괜찮다고 대답했다 .하지만 민주당은 개리 밀러가 낸 법안은 헌법에 위반된다고 했다 .
There were two ACTA events yesterday that provided the U.S. and European perspectives on latest round and future developments .
EC Commissioner Karel de Gucht appeared before a European Parliament committee and provided some details on the most recent round along some pointed criticism of the U.S. position on some key issues .
Some of the key points raised during de Gucht 's appearance :
The EU language on Internet may serve as compromise on that chapter
On border issues , consensus may only reachable on basis of the " lowest common denominator "
The U.S. position on ACTA transparency is " counter - productive "
de Gucht believes India and Brazil are using ACTA to score political points on the generic medicines issue
Inclusion of designs and geographic indications in ACTA is a " red line " issue .
If they are not included , the EU must question the benefit of the agreement .
De Gucht argues the U.S. is using trademarks for same purpose as geographic indications and it is " hypocrisy " to exclude from the agreement .
He emphasized the EU " cannot swallow this " and that this will be a major point of discussion at the next round of talks .
Next round of talks will be held in July in Washington .
At least two more rounds are required rest of the year .
There is a fundamental split between negotiating parties on scope .
He does not expect a breakthrough in the Washington round .
Meanwhile in Washington , USTR's Stan McCoy was part of a panel on ACTA .
McCoy noted that there was some progress on ACTA in Lucerne , but not as much the U.S. had hoped .
He said that the U.S. delegation was prepared to stay for further discussions but that others were not .
As for the issue of transparency , McCoy said the delegations needed " to strike the balance " in working on ACTA and dealing with stakeholders .
He suggested that the April text reflected the issues that are still " out there " on ACTA .
McCoy was asked why ACTA is even needed if the participating countries have similar rules already and ACTA may include some flexibility for compliance .
His response : the U.S. can't do it alone and need co-operation from other governments .
He summed up by saying that ACTA is needed for international leadership , cooperation , and a stronger baseline of enforcement .
The Washington event video is posted below .
The EU event video can be accessed for the next six days here .
See the pdf file of this
.
International CALL for Entries : Printmaking
PRINTMAKING
CALL for Entries
I always fascinated , and a little baffled , by which posts get the most hits at ArtAndArtDeadlines.com …
The Featured Artists posts that I expect no one to care about send my hits skyrocketing , while the occasional FREE entry call for entries for an International show opportunity sometimes barely limps by .
One Google search term , however , is so frequently searched that my blog posts from long ago are still coming up as results –printmaking call for entries .
You heard me , folks .
My best guess is that there are a lot of printmakers out there , and there are n’t nearly enough shows to showcase them all .
I ’ll see what I can do solve this problem , but in the meantime … here ’s a little appetizer :
CALL FOR ENTRIES :
International Printmaking Show
The Biennale Internationale d’Estampe Contemporaine de Trois - Rivières is presented from June to September .
The competition is open to all printmaking artists .
Interested artists must complete the entry form , submit a minimum of 5 and a maximum of 7 digital reproductions or color photograps of their works ( see instructions below ) and pay the entry fees .
Accepted techniques : intaglio , relief prints , lithography , silkscreen .
Techniques not accepted : photography , monotype , photocopy , and digital prints .
There is no maximum size for works , however , works exceeding 100 cm per side will not be framed .
For installation works , the commitee should select less than 5 works for an artist .
The presented works must have been created within the last ve years .
Works selected for previous editions of the Biennale internationale d’estampe contemporaine de Trois - Rivières cannot be submitted for an other edition .
Artists who have been selected on the two last editions in a row of the Biennial are not admissable for a third selection in a row .
Participation in the exhibition implies that the artists give the organizers of the Biennial the right to reproduce their works in all of the Biennial publications .
The Biennale Internationale d’Estampe Contemporaine de Trois - Rivières has a permanent and up - to - date web site on the internet .
The prizewinners ’ works will appear on the site .
A color catalogue will be published .
The catalogue will illustrate all of the works of the selected artists .
All chosen artists will receive a copy of this catalogue .
In order to encourage the idea of a network of exchange , the artists ’ addresses will be published into the catalogue .
All artists who participate will be bound by the Biennial regulations .
ENTRY FEE :
$ 25 CND money order , $ 25 USD or € 35 Euros to « Biennale internationale d’estampe contemporaine de Trois - Rivières » .
The money order must be sent at the mailing address indicated at the bottom of the form .
If the form and the images are not sent by email , include them in the mailing of the money order .
Entry fees are not refundable .
GUIDELINES :
The documents must be sent to the Biennial organizers not later than October 1 , 2010 .
If sent after this date , they will not be presented to the selection committee of the Biennial .
The postmark will serve as proof of entry prior to deadline .
Documents will not be returned to artists .
SELECTION :
A jury , composed of experts and artists , will make the selection amongst the proposed dossiers .
The decisions are without appeal .
AWARDS
Each selected artist will receive an exhibition fee .
Several prizes will be awarded during the Biennial .
Some prizes will be attributed by the Biennial selection jury , and others by juries set up by the associates , in close collaboration with the Biennial organizers .
An artist can receive only one prize awarded by the Biennial jury .
However , he can be awarded another prize , attributed by the associates or by the public .
All decisions are nal and binding .
The prizes to be awarded are as follows :
– The Grand Prix de la Biennale , accompanied by a bursary of $ 3000 CND .
This prize will be awarded by the Biennial jury .
– The Prix Banque Nationale Groupe Financier , accompanied by a prize of $ 1500 CND .
This prize will be awarded by the Biennial jury .
– The Public Award will be attributed , at the end of the exhibition to the artist who has received the greatest number of votes from the visitors .
This prize is for a value of $ 1000 CND .
– The Invitation Presse Papier prize will be attributed to the foreign artist whose work is the most appreciated by the members of the Presse Papier workshop , the professional artist printmakers collective of Trois - Rivières .
This prize o-ers a working residency at the Presse Papier workshop .
The jury for this prize will be composed of workshop members .
Some other prizes may be added to this list .
DELIVERY OF WORK :
Instructions for sending works will be given after selection to the selected artists .
SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS :
Digital reproductions : 1000 x 1000 pixels @ 100dpi .
Works should de presented on a black background , in the good way of presentation .
In the down - right corner will gure the corresponding number of the work , the name of the artist , the title and the year of creation of the work , in white letters ( Arial or Helvetica ) .
Image should be saved in JPEG format , high quality ( 10 ) .
Each document will be titled by the artist family name followed by a stroke and the corresponding number of the work to the presentation list ( ex. : Jones - 1.jpg ) .
Photographs : Color photography , 10 x 15 cm .
On the reverse side , an arrow will indicate the upper side of the image .
The name of the artist and informations about the works will be written with the corresponding number of the work on the list .
For additional information or to receive the prospectus by mail please email info@biectr.ca or call 819-370-1117 .
BIEC office hours : Monday to Thursday , 8:30 AM – 5:00 PM
Postal Address : 58 , rue Raymond - Lasnier Trois - Rivières ( Québec ) Canada G9A 2J6
Were you trying to get his vote when you recently wrote a critical letter to the comedian Kathy Griffin , who described Scott Brown ’s two daughters as “ prostitutes ” on her show ?
I did that because I was on the show that day .
You get guilt by association — you ca n’t comment on every offensive thing people do .
I have enough trouble commenting on the offensive things I do .
Why would you let her film you in your office in Washington for a show called “ My Life on the D - List ” ?
She asked me if I would do it , and if you say no , then you get demonized as someone who is afraid .
So she came to my office and said , “ I demand that you pass the repeal — do n’t ask , do n’t tell — by tomorrow , and if not , it will be a bitter pill . ”
I said , “ Well , it wo n’t be the only pill you swallow this week , I ’m sure . ”
Image Credit ... Andrew Cutraro for The New York Times
What were you implying ?
Is she a pill popper ?
I said what I said .
For all your love of financial regulation , you ’ve joined with the libertarian Republican Ron Paul to write bills that would shrink government .
Do you think your bill to legalize marijuana will ever pass ?
Yes , in the next five years .
Will that expand the tax base ?
As a nation , do you think we could smoke our way to solvency ?
I want to be clear ; that ’s not my major motivation .
My major motivation is personal freedom .
When we outlaw marijuana or online gambling , all you do is create more criminals and deprive us of revenue .
The Autumn Empanada Extravaganza at Westfield Garden State Plaza is back for the fall of 2020 !
Bring the family out this Sunday , October 4th ...
Too Cash - Strapped for a Boom How Italy 's Permanent Crisis Saved
It from the Downturn
In theory , Italy , with its huge public debt , should be one of the euro zone 's problem children .
In reality , the country has come through the current crisis relatively unscathed .
Can the rest of Europe learn something from its southern neighbor ?
Beat Balzli , Fiona Ehlers und Marc Hujer Von
It ’s farmers market day in Santa Monica and I have tempura on my mind .
The Japanese farmer carries most of my staples — shishito peppers , burdock , kabocha squash and daikon radish , which I like to grate and put in the dipping sauce ; it ’s like a sauce within the sauce that heats and aids digestion .
Across the way , I see a mound of haricots verts .
I buy a handful .
Next to them are breathtakingly beautiful squash blossoms .
I get a dozen .
My tote bags fill up quickly .
The baby carrots look irresistible too .
I love to deep - fry them whole , including the young leaves .
When it comes to making tempura , the possibilities are many .
I know I ’m going overboard with my shopping , but I wo n’t mind making tempura a few times during the week .
I have plenty of oil and a will to deep - fry .
Tempura was also my mother ’s staple dish .
It was what she served whenever we had special company .
I remember the time Koin Takada , the head priest of the famous Yakushiji temple in Nara , came to our house in Pasadena for dinner .
I can still see him sitting at the table , his head shaved and shiny , looking at the plate of shrimp tempura that my mother had just served .
Advertisement
By the time it dawned on my mother that he was a vegetarian , it was too late .
He had already picked up the tail end of the shrimp with his chopsticks and bitten into it .
We watched in awe as he chewed it — politely making clear his appreciation for my mother ’s efforts .
She apologized profusely , and rushed back into the kitchen to make some vegetable tempura .
Within minutes , she came back with a plateful and we carried on with the feast .
Still , I was glad it was n’t a roast she was serving that night .
Vegetables are an easy introduction for those who have never made tempura before .
It helps to know that different vegetables respond differently to hot oil .
For example , shishito peppers are like balloons full of seeds .
Slicing or making an incision in the pepper ’s skin and removing the seeds will prevent the pepper from popping in the hot oil and causing unpleasant oil splashes .
Root vegetables are meaty and take longer to cook ; they should be sliced into thinner pieces so they fry faster .
Advertisement
And , of course , you want to start with the freshest ingredients possible — a limp green bean will never turn into a crispy tempura .
Getting the oil right
Use vegetable oil for frying tempura — corn , canola , safflower or peanut , but not olive oil .
Sesame oil is highly fragrant and adding a couple of tablespoons or more can add its perfume to your tempura .
You can reuse the oil a couple of times .
Just be sure to scoop out the bits of cooked batter that have fallen to the bottom .
These are called tenkasu in Japanese , and they can be used as toppings for noodles .
The optimum temperature for deep - frying vegetables lies somewhere between 320 and 330 degrees .
Seafood cooks at a higher temperature , 360 degrees , so do n’t mix them up when you are frying both .
Advertisement
With tempura , you do n’t want to over - fry .
Listen to the food cooking .
It ’s the moisture in the food that is steaming and pushing the vapor bubbles outward .
That ’s the sizzling you hear .
The food is fried and ready when the sizzling quiets down .
I start by heating the oil while I prepare the ingredients .
I use a deep - frying digital thermometer to check the temperature between batches .
If you do n’t have one , drop about a quarter - teaspoon of batter into the hot oil .
If it falls to the bottom and then sizzles to the top right away , it is right for frying .
If the drop stays on the surface , sizzling , the temperature is too high .
And if it sinks to the bottom and stays , the oil is not yet hot enough .
To keep the temperature steady , be generous with the oil .
I use enough to reach a depth of 2 to 3 inches .
Do n’t put too much food in the oil at once , because that will lower the temperature .
Work in small batches .
My favorite tempura pan is a 5 - quart , cast - iron Lodge Dutch oven .
Batter matters too
Advertisement
The secret of good tempura is the batter .
You want it to be light and crisp .
There are many batters to choose from .
The classic is a mixture of flour , egg and water , to which you can add a little cornstarch for extra crispness .
I use cake flour and find that chilling the water and keeping the batter cold produces a crisper batter .
My mother would throw an ice cube into the batter .
I keep the batter bowl afloat in a bigger bowl of water and ice cubes .
The most important thing to remember about the batter is not to over - mix .
Sift the flour mixture into the liquid mixture and it ’s OK to leave lumps ; it ’s better than overstirring , which can make the batter doughy and less crispy .
Besides , it ’s those lumps that give tempura that blooming , fluffy coat .
I use a pair of thick chopsticks to mix the flour .
A whisk works too .
And never make too much batter at once ; it ’s better to make a second or third batch later if you run low .
The classic tempura batter works for all vegetables , but I love it especially with shiso leaves , eggplant , Spanish onions , peppers , sweet peas and sweet potato .
Besides the classic tempura batter , I make a fragrant batter using buckwheat flour .
It ’s a tempura variation called kimpura .
The name is derived from the earthy gold color of buckwheat .
It is a gluten - free vegan batter that is n’t as fluffy as the classic tempura batter but is light and nutty in flavor .
( This would have been the perfect batter to serve the high priest ) .
Advertisement
The texture of the batter is smooth and slightly runny .
It can be used like the classic tempura batter , and I think it works especially well for kabocha squash , carrots , haricots verts and zucchini blossoms .
Another way of deep - frying vegetables is a batter - less method called su-age .
It works best with waxy skinned vegetables such as pumpkin , carrots , burdock and eggplant — vegetables that can hold their shape in hot oil and produce a crispy skin .
I like the way su-age intensifies the flavors of the vegetables and brings out their natural sweetness .
You can cut the vegetables thin and make crispy chips , or cut them thick and make a batter - less tempura .
I serve su-age vegetables as an appetizer and they disappear as quickly as I serve them .
Whenever you are making tempura , make sure you set the table before you begin frying .
Have the plates , dipping sauce , seasonings and chopsticks ready to go .
Serve the tempura close to the kitchen so everyone can eat it right away , piping hot .
Do n’t wait for everyone to sit down at the table .
And whatever you do , do n’t put the finished tempura in the hot oven and wait for the others to fry .
That defeats the purpose .
Advertisement
And if you have a guest asking for shrimp when all you are serving is vegetable tempura , give him the baby carrot fried whole with its young leaves intact .
If he is a nice person , he will bite into the crispy leaves and appreciate your efforts .
food@latimes.com
A Party With a Purpose !
Lifest , one of the largest Christian music festivals in the nation , is a place where you can celebrate the love of God and connect with the family of faith .
Featuring over 100 acts on 7 stages , this family - friendly event is sure to have music and activities for all ages .
A humpback whale has been spotted in waters off Howth , north Co Dublin .
The Irish Whale and Dolphin Group ( IWDG ) said it was the first sighting of a humpback in the eastern Irish Sea in almost 20 years .
The mammal , which tends to have a preference for shallow coastal waters according to Pádraig Whooley , sightings co-ordinator with the group , is believed to be sub-adult “ or a teenager in human terms ” .
The mammal was photographed within metres of the Cardinal marker off Howth Head , between Ireland ’s Eye and Howth harbour yesterday afternoon .
The photographer , Sean Pierce of Shearwater Sea kayaking , said : “ It stayed around Cardinal Mark off Howth for over two hours .
[ It ] just seemed to be lolling about pushing head into trailing weed and perhaps scratching itself . ”
Neil Cramer spotted the humpback off Skerries on Wednesday evening .
" The whale was just astern of our committee boat which was anchored while doing race management for our usual Wednesday night racing in the bay , he said , adding : “ The whale remained in close proximity to the boat for about 20 to 30 minutes and came to within touching distance of the boat , and in fact could be felt rubbing off the underside on a few occasions . ”
Boats should maintain a 100 metre distance from the whale , keep speeds to less than seven knots and maintain a parallel course with the mammal if travelling with it , the IWDG said .
A man is lucky to be alive after climbing into a crocodile enclosure at a wildlife park in Broome in the far north of Western Australia last night .
Police say the man climbed the fence of the wildlife park and tried to jump on the back of a five - metre male saltwater crocodile after being thrown out of a local tavern for being drunk .
Sergeant Roger
Haynes says the 36 - year - old was bitten on the leg before managing to escape .
" For some reason he 's made a decision to climb the fence into the crocodile park , where an almost five - metre male crocodile was living , " he said .
" He appears to have wanted to touch that crocodile and sit on its back , and the crocodile has taken offence to that and bitten him on the right leg .
" He 's absolutely lucky to be alive , this is a large male saltwater crocodile , who are n't renowned for letting people escape once they 've got hold of them . "
The owner of the park , environmentalist Malcolm Douglas , says the crocodile named Fatso is one of his largest reptiles and could crush a man in one bite .
But he says last night 's cooler weather made Fatso more lethargic than usual .
" Once the temperature drops down their reflexes slow down because they are cold - blooded , " he said .
" The fact that it was a cool night is probably what saved his life . "
The man is undergoing surgery for severe lacerations to his leg at the Broome Regional Hospital .
Police say Mr Douglas does not want to press charges .
When will the Venusian colonists declare independence , according to Robert Heinlein 's early stories ?
Now you can consult this handy future history chart , first published in the 1941 Astounding Science Fiction , and find out .
Click to make huge .
[ Potrzebie ]
Advertisement
Everyone has dreams of either saving the world or making lots of money ; and many of those people believe that there is no way to accomplish one task without forsaking the other .
This belief has led many people to shy away from a career at a non -profit…until now .
In addition to President Barack Obama ’s call to public service , the need for skilled job seekers in this sector has grown as individuals coping with a tough economy turn to nonprofits for unemployment assistance , workforce development , healthcare , housing , and food distribution .
As a result , Black Enterprise noted that wage and salary jobs in this growing sector are projected to increase 14 % over the next decade , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Black Enterprise Magazine , which interviewed Vault.com for their latest article on Nonprofit Careers , also adds that there are currently about 1.4 million nonprofit organizations registered with the Internal Revenue Service , mostly as 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax exempt “ public charities , ” under the following categories : charities , foundations , social welfare , or advocacy organizations ; community - based organizations ; professional and trade associations ; and religious organizations .
Nonprofits are out there , but are they worth pursuing ?
While attending Baruch College , I had to take a mandatory internship class and while others in my field were taking internships at Sports Illustrated , I felt I could get more experience working at a nonprofit community newspaper .
On my first day on the job , I was given a story about a pharmacy that had burned down and immediately relocated to a bigger location across the street .
Within a month , I had my first front page story about the Bronx River cleanup .
And before my internship was over , I was attending City Hall hearings on the controversial water filtration project that resulted in a renaissance for New York City parks .
I chose experience over name recognition .
As Carolyn C. Wise , Vault ’s senior education editor , noted in a recent Business Insider story on the perfect internship program , “ The prestige of a program is the obvious resume gold star , but if you ’re making copies and coffee all summer the name wo n’t matter . ”
The experience I gathered at the nonprofit helped me become an expert in various fields when I became an editor for another for - profit paper .
Later , when I decided to leave the paper , after eight years on the job , numerous raises , and a sale to a prestigious media empire , I took a position as an associate manager for public relations at a major nonprofit and ended up making more money with better health benefits , clearly debunking the myth that nonprofit means low pay .
Vault ’s career experts point out in the Black Enterprise piece that senior management and mid-level positions at nonprofits are competitive with salaries at major corporations .
With that settled – what kind of jobs are out there in the nonprofit sector ?
If you are a writer of any kind , there are a number of great opportunities available , especially when you consider how important grant writing is to obtain the funding necessary to keep nonprofits afloat .
If you have management skills , nonprofits will need your decision - making abilities .
For every field in the for - profit sector , there is a potential job in nonprofits .
The Black Enterprise piece is a very helpful resource .
If you know a particular nonprofit company , check their website .
Also , Vault has released its first Guide to Nonprofit Careers , offering a realistic look at what to expect from nonprofit jobs , the types of nonprofit jobs available and what companies are leading the pack , along with the usual cover letter , resume and interview tips many come to expect from Vault guides .
There are plenty of resources at your fingertips .
Let your preconceptions go .
There is a new path to career success waiting for you .
I think he is trying to make up for something else .
Maybe he has a small computer monitor .
→ Washington ’s Blog
On September 19 , 2001 , CBS reported :
Sources tell CBS
News that the afternoon before the attack , alarm bells were sounding over unusual trading in the U.S. stock options market .
An extraordinary number of trades were betting that American Airlines stock price would fall .
The trades are called " puts " and they involved at least 450,000 shares of American .
But what raised the red flag is more than 80 percent of the orders were " puts " , far outnumbering " call " options , those betting the stock would rise .
Sources say they have never seen that kind of imbalance before , reports CBS News Correspondent Sharyl Attkisson .
Normally the numbers are fairly even .
After the terrorist attacks , American Airline stock price did fall obviously by 39 percent , and according to sources , that translated into well over $ 5 million total profit for the person or persons who bet the stock would fall .
***
At least one Wall Street firm reported their suspicions about this activity to the SEC shortly after the attack .
The same thing happened with United Airlines on the Chicago Board Options Exchange four days before the attack .
An extremely unbalanced number of trades betting United 's stock price would fall — also transformed into huge profits when it did after the hijackings .
" We can directly work backwards from a trade on the floor of the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
The trader is linked to a brokerage firm .
The brokerage firm received the order to buy that ' put ' option from either someone within a brokerage firm speculating , or from one of the customers , " said Randall Dodd of the Economic Strategy Institute .
U.S. investigators want to know whether Osama bin Laden was the ultimate " inside trader " — profiting from a tragedy he 's suspected of masterminding to finance his operation .
Authorities are also investigating possibly suspicious trading in Germany , Switzerland , Italy and Japan .
On September 29 , 2001 , the San Francisco Chronicle pointed out :
" Usually , if someone has a windfall like that , you take the money and run , " said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
" Whoever did this thought the exchange would not be closed for four days .
" This smells real bad . " ***
There was an unusually large jump in purchases of put options on the stocks of UAL Corp. and AMR Corp. in the three business days before the attack on major options exchanges in the United States .
On one day , UAL put option purchases were 25 times greater than the year - to - date average .
In the month before the attacks , short sales jumped by 40 percent for UAL and 20 percent for American .
***
Spokesmen for British securities regulators and the AXA Group also confirmed yesterday that investigations are continuing .
The source familiar with the United trades identified Deutsche Banc Alex .
Brown , the American investment banking arm of German giant Deutsche Bank , as the investment bank used to purchase at least some of the options .
***
Last weekend , German central bank president Ernst Welteke said a study pointed to " terrorism insider trading " in those stocks .
The Chronicle illustrated the story with the following chart :
On October 19 , 2001 , the Chronicle wrote :
On Oct. 2 , Canadian securities officials confirmed that the SEC privately had asked North American investment firms to review their records for evidence of trading activity in the shares of 38 companies , suggesting that some buyers and sellers might have had advance knowledge of the attacks .
***
FMR Corp. spokeswoman
Anne Crowley , said her firm -- which owns the giant Fidelity family of mutual funds in Boston -- has already provided " account and transaction " information to investigators , and had no objection to the new procedures announced yesterday .
Crowley declined to describe the nature of the information previously shared with the government .
So the effort to track down the source of the puts was certainly quite substantial .
What were the results and details of the investigation ?
Apparently , we 'll never know .
Specifically , David Callahan - executive editor of SmartCEO - submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to the SEC regarding the pre-9/11 put options .
The SEC responded :
This letter is in response to your request seeking access to and copies of the documentary evidence referred to in footnote 130 of Chapter 5 of the September 11 ( 9/11 ) Commission Report .
***
We have been advised that the potentially responsive records have been destroyed .
If the SEC had responded by producing documents showing that the pre-9/11 put options had an innocent explanation ( such as a hedge made by a smaller airline ) , that would be understandable .
If the SEC had responded by saying that the documents were classified as somehow protecting proprietary financial information , I would n't like it , but I would at least understand the argument .
But destroyed ?
Why ?
( See Afterword for additional details . )
Not the First Time
This is not the first destruction of documentary evidence related to 9/11 .
I wrote in March :
We do n't need to even discuss conspiracy theories about what happened on 9/11 to be incredibly disturbed about what happened after : the government 's obstructions of justice .
Indeed , the 9/11 Commissioners themselves are disturbed :
The Commission 's co-chairs said that the CIA ( and likely the White House ) " obstructed our investigation "
9/11 Commissioner Timothy Roemer said " We were extremely frustrated with the false statements we were getting "
The Senior Counsel to the 9/11 Commission ( John Farmer ) - who led the 9/11 staff 's inquiry - said " At some level of the government , at some point in time ... there was an agreement not to tell the truth about what happened " .
He also said " I was shocked at how different the truth was from the way it was described ....
The tapes told a radically different story from what had been told to us and the public for two years ....
This is not spin .
This is not true . "
Afterword : Footnote 130 to chapter 5 of the official 9/11 Commission Report states :
Highly publicized allegations of insider trading in advance of 9/11 generally rest on reports of unusual pre-9/11 trading activity in companies whose stock plummeted after the attacks .
Some unusual trading did in fact occur , but each such trade proved to have an innocuous explanation .
For example , the volume of put options - investments that pay off only when a stock drops in price - surged in the parent companies of United Airlines on September 6 and American Airlines on September 10 - highly suspicious trading on its face .
Yet , further investigation has revealed that the trading had no connection with 9/11 .
A single U.S. - based institutional investor with no conceivable ties to al Qaeda purchased 95 percent of the UAL puts on September 6 as part of a trading strategy that also included buying 115,000 shares of American on September 10 .
Similarly , much of the seemingly suspicious trading in American on September 10 was traced to a specific U.S. - based options trading newsletter , faxed to its subscribers on Sunday , September 9 , which recommended these trades .
These examples typify the evidence examined by the investigation .
The SEC and the FBI , aided by other agencies and the securities industry , devoted enormous resources to investigating this issue , including securing the cooperation of many foreign governments .
These investigators have found that the apparently suspicious consistently proved innocuous .
Joseph Cella interview ( Sept. 16 , 2003 ; May 7 , 2004 ; May 10 - 11 , 2004 ) ; FBI briefing ( Aug. 15 , 2003 ) ; SEC memo , Division of Enforcement to SEC Chair and Commissioners , " Pre-September 11 , 2001 Trading Review , " May 15 , 2002 ; Ken Breen interview ( Apr. 23 , 2004 ) ; Ed G. interview ( Feb. 3 , 2004 ) .
Did the Commission have full access to information regarding put options ?
Was the Commission misled , as it was on other issues ?
Was evidence destroyed or fabricated ?
We will never know , as the underlying documents have - according to the SEC - been destroyed .
Innovative India water plant opens in Madras By Swaminathan Natarajan
BBC Tamil Published duration 30 July 2010
image caption
The plant could provide a template for solving India 's water problems
A desalination plant which begins operating in Madras on Saturday will provide some of the cheapest drinking water in India , backers say .
They say that the plant will supply 1,000 litres of drinking water for just over $ 1 and could well be a " template " for other coastal Indian cities .
The company behind the plant says that it is the biggest in South Asia .
It will provide 100 million litres of water a day to the city by filtering sea water under high pressure .
In comparison , the government - run water board supplies about 650 million litres of water to the city 's seven million residents .
Competitively priced
" We are using the advanced reverse osmosis technology .
We are purifying the water by filtering it under high pressure .
Unlike other desalination plants we are not boiling the water and as a result we are saving a lot of energy , " Natarajan Ganesan , Joint General Manager of the Chennai Water Desalination company told the BBC .
image caption India 's monsoon is notoriously erratic
Mr Ganesan said that because the plant used " energy recovering technology " , electricity consumption was reduced - making water produced there arguably the most competitively priced in India .
" It can be competitive even when compared to supplying water from natural sources like lakes .
One has to spend lot of money on transport water from lakes , " he said .
The plant will process 237 million litres of sea water per day .
An initial treatment will remove solids present in the water , before it is passed through a membrane under high pressure .
The plant - which cost $ 140 m - is the joint venture between an Indian company IVRCL and Befessa of Spain .
It is built under the " deboot " system - design , build , own , operate and transfer .
The government - run Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board ( CMWSSB ) will buy the purified water for the next 25 years .
" We have agreed to buy the water from them at 48.66 rupees for 1,000 litres - meaning that it costs us just over one dollar for 1,000 litres , " CMWSSB Managing Director Shiv Das Meena said .
" The water is purified and demineralised .
This takes away salt , lime and other particles .
The purified water meets the government standards .
It tastes just like ordinary water and above all it is cheap , " he said .
Chennai has been suffering from a chronic water shortage for decades .
Its water needs are primarily met by lakes situated around the city .
But these lakes depend on the erratic north - east monsoon .
On an average year , the monsoon brings about 100 cm ( 39in ) of rainfall , but most of this arrives over a short period - resulting in a massive run-off into the sea .
Following changes made late this week , MMARising.com can exclusively report that the one - night Strikeforce 135 - pound women ’s tournament will proceed on August 13th and all four participants are confirmed .
A plan is in place to use a random draw format to determine first - round matchups .
As first reported here last month , Carina “ Beauty But The Beast ” Damm , Hitomi “ Girlfight Monster ” Akano and Maiju Kujala will all compete in the tournament .
Miesha “ Takedown ”
Tate has now stepped in to replace original participant Marloes “ Rumina ” Coenen , who will no longer take part .
Strikeforce CEO
Scott Coker confirmed on July 2nd that the 135 - pound tournament would take place all in one night and that an eight - woman field was targeted , pending approval from the Arizona State Boxing Commission .
The tournament format was later adjusted to a four - woman bracket , but will still take place over the course of a single evening .
Along with the formatting change , Coenen , who had verbally agreed to take part , will no longer compete in the tournament and has been replaced by Tate .
MMARising.com first learned of the participation of Damm , Akano and Kujala on June 22nd .
Manager Shu Hirata , who represents both Damm and Akano , confirmed today that Damm is still scheduled to debut for Strikeforce in the tournament and has not been replaced .
She will make her first appearance in a major U.S. promotion since a 2008 positive test for steroids .
Damm has remained active in Brazil and has now won ten straight fights .
The jiu - jitsu ace will move up slightly from her natural weight class of 125 pounds .
Additional sources have confirmed with MMARising.com today that lead Strikeforce matchmaker Rich Chou is in Arizona to meet with the commission to establish whether a random drawing of names – to be conducted at the weigh - ins on August 12th – can be utilised to determine the first - round tournament matchups .
As of this afternoon , no decisions have been made and the promotion will manually put together the matchups if approval is not received .
Both rounds of the tournament will take place on August 13th at Strikeforce Challengers 10 , which emanates from Phoenix , Arizona .
The tournament winner will receive a Strikeforce Women ’s Welterweight ( 135 - Pound ) Championship title shot against the victor of the July 23rd bout between champion Sarah Kaufman and challenger Roxanne Modafferi .
That fight takes place at Strikeforce Challengers 9 in Everett , Washington .
Strikeforce 135 - Pound Women ’s Tournament Participants :
– Carina “ Beauty But The Beast ” Damm ( 15 - 3-0 )
– Hitomi “ Girlfight Monster ” Akano ( 15 - 7-0 )
– Miesha “ Takedown ” Tate ( 9 - 2- 0 )
– Maiju Kujala ( 4 - 1-0 )
Elite MMA Gear
Does this outline of a really awesome phone ring a bell for you ?
No ?
Well , let us toss you a hint : it 's from Samsung , and it 's got WiMAX .
That 's right -- what you 're looking at is a Sammy bearing model number SPH - D700 , which we believe to be the phone you know better as the Epic 4G for Sprint .
The test report identifies the D700 as a " Cellular / PCS CDMA/EvDO
Phone with Bluetooth , WLAN , and WiMAX , " so unless Samsung 's got another 4G phone for Sprint waiting in the wings , that sounds like pretty damning evidence to us -- especially considering that the ID label document 's outline basically matches up with the real device .
Interestingly , Sprint has yet to commit to a release date for the Epic , which leads us to wonder whether it was waiting for this to happen ... let 's hope .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
June 22nd , 2010 .
By AbiK
Given where I work , you realize I tend to lean on the side of reasonable litigation where consumer wrongs are concerned .
Key word : reasonable .
But I , like you , am susceptible to feelings of profound absurdity when I receive a settlement check in the mail for fifty - six cents .
As I just did , from the Expedia settlement .
I also received a plea to “ Act now ! ” from Go Daddy Girl Danica Patrick that also borders on the absurd ( did Danica major in Computer Science in college ?
did I miss that ? ) — but that ’s perhaps for another post sometime .
So .
56 ¢ .
2 quarters , a nickel and a penny .
And I love the added insult on the check ( above ) where the amount is spelled out : “ Zero Dollars … ”
Oh sure — I realize it ’s protocol .
But it taunts me .
It ’s as if it ’s Expedia ’s snidely sly way of delivering a “ Take that , you claimant ! ”
Take it I will .
Mere pittance though it is , I do realize the settlement was only applicable to hotel reservations .
Not flights .
And I ’ve booked way more flights via Expedia than hotel stays .
Those of you who know me know that I kind of have an “ in ” on the hotel front , so why go through some middle man ?
Still , 56 ¢ is not worth the gas to go to the ATM to deposit the check .
It is also not worth my time to do so .
And , it was not worth the postage and processing it probably took to send it to me .
So why am I going to go to the bank and schlep up to the ATM to deposit it ?
Because , much like the classic MasterCard ads — the ones that end with a statement about something being “ priceless ” , this is in its own way , priceless .
It ’s not about the money .
It ’s about calling someone on the carpet for a wrongdoing — in this case , bilking travellers by bundling fees .
So off I go .
Just do me a favor — if I ever get to the point where I ’m defending a lawsuit brought about by attorney Alfred Rava — who ’s apparently big on the concept of suing on “ principle ” ( and who surprisingly has n’t been in the news as of late ) — please feel free to call me on the carpet .
Tags : Expedia , Expedia Settlement
This was posted on Tuesday , June 22nd , 2010 at 11:14 am and is filed under Emerging Issues , Settlement .
Feel free to respond , or trackback .
Read our comments policy .
Founded 1996
Retired 2011
NOTE : PLEASE DO NOT SEND IN ANY MORE READER COMMENTS .
THE SITE IS RETIRED , AND I WILL NOT BE POSTING ANYTHING ELSE ON IT .
THANKS !
BUT WAIT !
DID YOU HEAR THE NEWS ?
MANY DIDN'T !
THIS NEWS IS THAT I NOW HAVE A BANDCAMP PAGE ON WHICH YOU CAN PURCHASE , AT THE LOWLY PRICE OF ONE DOLLAR EACH , ALBUMS BY MYSELF AND MY OLD " BAND " LOW - MAINTENANCE PERENNIALS !
For første gang i Norge er det nå avsagt en dom for å ha holdt en butikk åpen på søndager og helligdager .
Det er firmaet Anton Giæver AS på Lyngseidet som i Nord - Troms tingrett onsdag ble dømt til en bot på 60.000 kroner og inndragning på 200.000 kroner .
Aktor la i retten ned påstand om at selskapet måtte få en bot på 120.000 kroner og en inndragning på 300.000 pluss saksomkostninger .
Selskapet er dømt for å ha holdt dagligvareforretningen på Lyngseidet åpent alle søndager og helligdager unntatt langfredag og 1.juledag - helt siden 2006 .
– Brudd på Grunnloven
Det var en konkurrent på Lyngseidet , Rema 1000 , som henvendte seg til politiet og ba dem gripe inn overfor den søndagsåpne butikken .
Ola K. Giæver i firmaet sier at dommen vil bli anket inn for lagmannsretten .
– Det gjør vi fordi dommen er et brudd på den norske Grunnloven .
Grunnloven sier at alle skal behandles likt for loven .
Det gjør ikke Nord - Troms tingrett i dette tilfelle , fordi jeg har vist til at andre butikker med en grunnflate større enn 100 kvadratmeter , holder åpent , sier Giæver til NRK .
LES OGSÅ : Politimester nektet å vitne
– Strengere enn narkosalg
Giæver mener seg forskjellsbehandlet , og han mener at også boten og inndragningen er for streng .
– Vi selger brød og melk , alts å helt vanlige dagligvarer .
Da blir 60.000 kroner i bot og 200.000 kroner i inndragning alt for mye .
Dette er jo strengere enn om vi skulle ha omsatt narkotika , mener han .
Innholdet som skulle vises her støttes dessverre ikke lenger .
A Beverly Hills judge Tuesday sentenced Lindsay Lohan to 90 days in jail for repeatedly violating the terms of her probation , ignoring the actress ’ tearful pleas for one more chance .
In a dramatic courtroom showdown , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Marsha N. Revel listened as Lohan promised to do better and defended her failure to attend weekly alcohol education classes and follow earlier orders by the judge .
But Revel was having none if it , offering a list of instances in which the actress lied to the court and to authorities .
Revel handed down three 30 - day sentences and also ordered her to spend 90 days in a locked - down drug rehabilitation facility — a much stiffer penalty than L.A. prosecutors had sought .
“ There were a number of instances of [ Lohan ] not taking things seriously , ” Revel said .
“ It ’s like someone who cheats but does n’t think it ’s cheating if they do n’t get caught . ”
The case stems from two drunk - driving arrests in 2007 .
Lohan has repeatedly failed to follow the terms of her probation in the case — including earlier this year when she failed to appear for a mandatory court appearance in Beverly Hills .
Photos surfaced of her partying at the Cannes International Film Festival at the time , angering the judge .
Lohan maintained that she could not attend because someone had stolen her passport .
Revel said Lohan has repeatedly refused to admit her culpability , twice telling authorities that someone else was driving the vehicles involved in drunk driving accidents .
The judge said Lohan lied again when a white substance was found in her pants , claiming the pants belonged to someone else .
Revel said she tested positive for cocaine after the arrest , and the pants turned out to be “ her favorite pants . ”
“ She lied then and lied prior to that , ” Revel added .
Lohan surprised the courtroom by asking to address the judge directly before sentencing .
“ As far as I knew I was in compliance with my programs , ” Lohan said , fighting back tears .
“ I was n’t trying to get special treatment , ” she added .
“ I have to provide for myself .
I have to work .
Having said that , I did everything to balance my jobs and showing up .
I ’m not taking this as a joke .
It ’s my life .
It ’s my career . … I take responsibility for my actions .
I ’ve tried to do the best I can .
It ’s been such a long haul . … I do n’t want you to think that I do n’t respect you . ”
Lohan is scheduled to surrender to authorities July 20 and will be housed at the Century Regional Detention Facility in Lynwood , in a wing that is separate from the rest of the jail population .
She is expected to serve only a fraction of the 90 days because of severe jail overcrowding .
Los Angeles County sheriff ’s spokesman Steve Whitmore said department officials could not say exactly how much time Lohan would serve but noted that most nonviolent female offenders serve one - quarter or less of their sentences .
That calculation is based on factors that include credit for good behavior and crowd levels when she shows up for jail .
In 2007 , hotel heiress and reality TV star Paris Hilton generated national headlines when she was released from custody after less than four full days in the Lynwood jail , despite a promise by the L.A. County Sheriff ’s Department that she would serve 23 days of a 45 - day sentence .
She was eventually sent back to jail to finish the sentence .
Lohan ’s defense attorney urged the judge to focus on what the actress has accomplished , not just on her failures .
Defense attorney Shawn Chapman Holley told the court that Lohan had complied with most of the court ’s orders and was “ absolutely on track to finish ” the alcohol education program by the July 15 deadline .
“ She ’s gotten it together ” Chapman Holley said
But Deputy Dist .
Atty .
Danette Meyers argued that Lohan clearly ignored the court ’s December 2009 directive by not attending each week of the classes .
“ Not once , but seven times she has not complied with this court ’s orders , ” Meyers said .
During the hearing Tuesday , Revel repeatedly asked program operator Cheryl Marshall why she had failed to report Lohan ’s absences to the court before the actress had her bail revoked .
Under questions from the prosecutor , Marshall told the court that Lohan did not sign in on some days the program claimed she had attended and that her signature was on a sign - in sheet on a day she did not attend .
Then , last month , the alarm on Lohan ’s alcohol - monitoring device was triggered on the same night that Lohan attended the MTV Music Awards .
Lohan claimed the monitor went off by mistake , while prosecutors said she had been drinking .
richard.winton@latimes.com
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
I really enjoyed reading two recent polls conducted by George Mason University ’s Center for Climate Communication .
In particular , the results made me wonder why the US government still has n’t passed a climate bill .
For example , US presidents have been saying for over a decade that it is unfair to force their industries to reduce emissions if developing countries do not have similar targets .
However , only 8 % of American adults share this view , and 65 % believe that “ the United States should reduce its greenhouse gas emissions regardless of what other countries do . ” 77 % agree that CO2 should be regulated , and 65 % would like to see an international treaty signed .
The only solution which had less than 50 % support was a tax on gasoline , even if it was revenue - neutral : offset by a decrease in income tax rates .
This opposition can’t really be a case of people worrying about money .
In this hypothetical situation , taxes are n’t being increased – they ’re just being moved around , in a way that actually gives people more control over how much they are charged .
Perhaps the public would prefer a more laissez - faire approach , or perhaps they had a knee - jerk reaction to the word “ tax ” .
It ’s not like the revenue - neutral aspect of this solution is well - known to most .
When the poll was broken down by political party , there were some surprising results that ran contrary to what one hears in the halls of Congress .
64 % of Republicans support regulating CO2 .
Only 30 % think that protecting the environment reduces economic growth and costs jobs .
Overall , the poll showed very strong support among Americans for action that still has n’t happened , largely because a very vocal minority has had a disproportionate influence on the policy debate .
If there was a referendum today , Kyoto targets and the cap - and - trade bill would pass with flying colours .
This support was even more interesting when compared to the questions regarding science .
Only 61 % of Americans think that the Earth is warming , and only 50 % think that it is due to human activities .
45 % think “ there is a lot of disagreement among scientists about whether or not global warming is happening ” , and only 34 % were aware of the existing consensus .
The discrepancy between scientific understanding of the issue and support for mitigation shows that Americans , in general , practice risk management when it comes to climate change .
Even if they ’re not sure whether or not there is a problem , they understand what is at risk , and are willing to take action to prevent major consequences .
Greg Craven , you got your wish .
I think that the misconception of a voracious scientific debate , apart from being perpetrated by the media , stems partly from the fact that most of the public lacks the experience to distinguish between scientific and quasi-scientific debates .
Competing hypotheses , published in leading journals , seen as the frontier of the field …. that ’s a scientific debate .
Editorials , written by anyone other than a scientist publishing in the field , claiming to refute an overwhelming consensus ?
Ca n’t even come close .
However , I suspect that many would categorize the second as “ scientific debate ” , simply because it ’s their only encounter with science .
All is not lost , though .
81 % of Americans trust scientists as a source of information about global warming .
That ’s more than they trust any other source that was mentioned in the question .
And 20 % , 27 % , and 29 % say that they need a lot more , some more , or a little more information , respectively .
Maybe all that needs to happen is for us to speak louder – because people are ready and willing to listen .
A Ferrari 458 Italia caught fire in Paris earlier this month .
Is anyone else noticing a pattern ?
Note to self :
When winning lotto , shell out for flameproof pants .
It just seems prudent .
[ Autogespot via TCL ]
Advertisement
AT LEAST four newly formed groups are working towards registering as political parties ahead of the next general election .
The groups were formed in recent months and are at very early stages of development .
The membership of each falls short of the 300 required by the Register of Political Parties .
All are holding meetings this month to boost membership and draw up policies .
One group , Fís Nua , or New Vision , said it has close to 100 members .
Fís Nua is a splinter group of the Green Party and two of its most prominent personalities , former MEP Patricia McKenna and Pat Kavanagh , are former Green Party members who became disillusioned with the party after it entered Coalition .
The other groups were formed to address what they claim are “ democratic deficits ” in the political process .
The main platform of Direct Democracy Ireland , which held a meeting in Dublin last night , is to allow citizens to petition for a referendum to allow Government decisions be negated .
It also wants mechanisms introduced to grant the electorate the power to sack TDs and Senators who are not performing satisfactorily .
The group ’s founder is Raymond Whitehead .
He came to prominence in the 1980s when he owned a restaurant in Temple Bar and organised local residents and businesses to campaign against over - development of the district .
“ People would like to be either consulted or have a mechanism where they could call a referendum if they felt strongly over an issue , ” he said .
Others associated with the group are environmental campaigner Vincent Salafia and a community activist Bernard Kenny .
A former local election candidate is also trying to form a party to replace Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael .
Leo Armstrong ran as an Independent candidate in Clane , Co Kildare , last year , but was unsuccessful .
A meeting to form a new party will be held in Kilkenny on July 21st .
A Cork businessman , Michael Murphy , describing himself as an “ ordinary Joe Soap ” , hopes to set up the Reform Party to effect a “ democratic revolution ” .
Crossposted at Jezebel .
Robin E. sent us to a downright fascinating set of survey results .
Administered by a Christian website , the survey questions were submitted by “ Christian girls ” who wanted to know what “ Christian guys ” think is modest .
1,600 guys then answered the survey , offering both quantitative and qualitative answers .
Why would girls care what guys , as opposed to God , think ?
Because Christian guys , their future husbands , are judging them on their modesty .
Ninety - five percent of them say that modesty is an important quality in their future wife ( see the question in the upper left corner ) :
So , how do these “ guys ” define immodesty ?
The most common theme was dressing to draw attention to the body instead of the heart or spirit .
Something that is immodest is something that is designed to arouse lust within me ( male , age 24 ) .
Something that is immodest is something that is unnaturally revealing ( male , age 20 ) .
Something immodest draws attention to a girl ’s body ( male , age 28 ) .
Many of the guys stressed that they really wanted to interact with girls as people .
Borrowing language from feminism , they expressed a desire to think of a girl as a whole person , not just a hot body .
Something attractive draws you toward them .
It makes you respect the person .
Something immodest is usually unattractive .
It makes you think less of that person , thinking of them as an object … ( male , age 16 ) .
My responsibility is to not treat women as objects for my satisfaction , even if they dress and act like it .
It devalues them , and makes me a user of people … ( male , age 26 ) .
In a move that is in contrast to ( most ) feminist values , however , girls are supposed to help men treat them like people by not dressing like an object .
That is , by not dressing immodestly .
So what rules for girls did guys identify ?
Well , first , guys largely agreed that revealing clothes were immodest ( again , see the question in the upper left corner ) :
Halter tops and mini skirts , I suppose , are obvious candidates for immodesty .
There were lots more subtle rules , too , though with less agreement .
Forty - four percent of guys think that designs on the back pockets of jeans are immodest ( 19 % are n’t sure ) :
A minority , 19 percent , think that shirts with pockets are immodest ( 25 % are n’t sure ) :
Forty - eight percent think that purses should not be worn across the body ( 19 % are n’t sure ) :
Thirty - nine percent oppose tights with designs ( 25 % are n’t sure ) :
Forty - seven think that t- shirts with messages across the front improperly draw attention to breasts :
But being modest was n’t simply a matter of clothes .
Guys defined immodesty , also , as an “ attitude ” or a “ carelessness . ”
Attaining modesty was also about how you use your body and the way you act , “ sexually or otherwise . ”
An immodest lady is loud , proud , and dresses in a way that communicates such an attitude ( male , age 24 ) .
Something becomes immodest when the person wearing it has an attitude of carelessness ( male , age 17 ) .
As one guy said :
If you are dressing to get attention from a guy , then anything you wear can be immodest ( male , age 13 ; my emphasis ) .
Some examples of behavior the guys mostly agreed was immodest :
Immodesty , then , is not simply about being vigilant about your clothing ( do n’t wear a purse that falls diagonally across your body , do n’t show your arms or your thighs ) , it ’s a constant vigilance about how you display your body ( do n’t stretch , bend , or bounce ) .
“ Clothing plays a part in modesty , but it is only a part , ” an 18 year old male explains , “ Any item of clothing can be immodest ” ( his emphasis ) .
In addition , these rules are potentially changing all the time .
A “ technically modest ” outfit , such as a school uniform , can suddenly have immodest connotations ( so watch MTV , girls , to stay on top of these shifting meanings ) :
This is a great deal of self - monitoring for girls .
Not just when they shop , but when they get dressed , and all day as they move , and with constant re-evaluation of their clothes and how they fit .
But , the rationale is , they must be vigilant and obey these rules in order to protect guys from the power of all bodies ( both their own sexiness , and men ’s biological response to it ) .
Guys are burdened with lust , they insist .
A lot of the guys in this survey talked about temptation .
In some cases , the men would use very powerful words , such as this guy defining immodest :
Immodest : Screams that her body is different than mine .
Attempts to manipulate me .
Forcefully offers to trade what I want ( in the flesh ) for what she wants : attention ( male , age 30 ) .
This language — suggesting that women ’s bodies “ scream ” at him , attempt to control him , and “ forcefully ” tempt him — is reminiscent of Tim Beneke ’s interviews with men about sexual violence in Men on Rape .
Michael Kimmel ( summarizing Beneke in Guyland ) discusses how lots of the terms used to describe a beautiful , sexy woman are metaphors for danger and violence : “ ravishing , ” “ stunning , ” bombshell , ” “ knockout , ” “ dressed to kill , ” and “ femme fatale . ”
“ Women ’s beauty , ” Kimmel surmises , “ is perceived as violence to men ” ( p. 229 ) .
This is very much like the rationale for the burqa .
Women ’s bodies incite men ’s sexual desires , sometimes to violence ; they must be kept hidden .
These Christian guys , however , did claim responsibility for their own thoughts , feelings , and actions .
When asked about their role in avoiding lust , many were adamant that it was their own responsibility .
Many felt that innocent , shameless , platonic interaction between men and women was a team effort :
Sisters in Christ , you really have no concept of the struggles that guys face on a daily basis .
Please , please , please take a higher standard in the ways you dress .
True , we men are responsible for our thoughts and actions before the Lord , but it is such a blessing when we know that we can spend time with our sisters in Christ , enjoying their fellowship without having to constantly be on guard against ungodly thoughts brought about by the inappropriate ways they sometimes dress .
In 1 Corinthians 12 the apostle Paul presents believers as the members of one body – we have to work together .
Every Christian has a special role to play in the body of Christ .
That goal is to bring glory to the Savior through an obedient , unified body of believers – please do n’t hurt that unity by dressing in ways that may tempt your brothers in Christ to stumble ( male , age 24 ) .
The asymmetry of this project , however , is striking .
The lust is men’s ; the bodies are women’s .
It ’s an asymmetry built right into the survey design .
Modesty is something pertains to only girls and immodesty is something that guys get to define .
This may be even more pernicious than women ’s constant self - monitoring .
It erases women ’s own desires and the sex appeal of men ’s bodies , leading women to spend all of their time thinking about what men want .
By the time they do have sex , and most of them will , they may be so alienated from their own sexual feelings that they wo n’t even be able to recognize them .
1
Complacencies of the peignoir , and late
Coffee and oranges in a sunny chair ,
And the green freedom of a cockatoo
Upon a rug mingle to dissipate
The holy hush of ancient sacrifice .
She dreams a little , and she feels the dark
Encroachment of that old catastrophe ,
As a calm darkens among water - lights .
The pungent oranges and bright , green wings
Seem things in some procession of the dead ,
Winding across wide water , without sound .
The day is like wide water , without sound ,
Stilled for the passing of her dreaming feet
Over the seas , to silent Palestine ,
Dominion of the blood and sepulchre .
2
Why should she give her bounty to the dead ?
What is divinity if it can come
Only in silent shadows and in dreams ?
Shall she not find in comforts of the sun ,
In pungent fruit and bright green wings , or else
In any balm or beauty of the earth ,
Things to be cherished like the thought of heaven ?
Divinity must live within herself :
Passions of rain , or moods in falling snow ;
Grievings in loneliness , or unsubdued
Elations when the forest blooms ; gusty
Emotions on wet roads on autumn nights ;
All pleasures and all pains , remembering
The bough of summer and the winter branch .
These are the measure destined for her soul .
3
Jove in the clouds had his inhuman birth .
No mother suckled him , no sweet land gave
Large - mannered motions to his mythy mind .
He moved among us , as a muttering king ,
Magnificent , would move among his hinds ,
Until our blood , commingling , virginal ,
With heaven , brought such requital to desire
The very hinds discerned it , in a star .
Shall our blood fail ?
Or shall it come to be
The blood of paradise ?
And shall the earth
Seem all of paradise that we shall know ?
The sky will be much friendlier then than now ,
A part of labor and a part of pain ,
And next in glory to enduring love ,
Not this dividing and indifferent blue .
4
She says , ' I am content when wakened birds ,
Before they fly , test the reality
Of misty fields , by their sweet questionings ;
But when the birds are gone , and their warm fields
Return no more , where , then , is paradise ? '
There is not any haunt of prophecy ,
Nor any old chimera of the grave ,
Neither the golden underground , nor isle
Melodious , where spirits gat them home ,
Nor visionary south , nor cloudy palm
Remote on heaven 's hill , that has endured
As April 's green endures ; or will endure
Like her remembrance of awakened birds ,
Or her desire for June and evening , tipped
By the consummation of the swallow 's wings .
5
She says , ' But in contentment I still feel
The need of some imperishable bliss . '
Death is the mother of beauty ; hence from her ,
Alone , shall come fulfillment to our dreams
And our desires .
Although she strews the leaves
Of sure obliteration on our paths ,
The path sick sorrow took , the many paths
Where triumph rang its brassy phrase , or love
Whispered a little out of tenderness ,
She makes the willow shiver in the sun
For maidens who were wont to sit and gaze
Upon the grass , relinquished to their feet .
She causes boys to pile new plums and pears
On disregarded plate .
The maidens taste
And stray impassioned in the littering leaves .
6
Is there no change of death in paradise ?
Does ripe fruit never fall ?
Or do the boughs
Hang always heavy in that perfect sky ,
Unchanging , yet so like our perishing earth ,
With rivers like our own that seek for seas
They never find , the same receding shores
That never touch with inarticulate pang ?
Why set pear upon those river - banks
Or spice the shores with odors of the plum ?
Alas , that they should wear our colors there ,
The silken weavings of our afternoons ,
And pick the strings of our insipid lutes !
Death is the mother of beauty , mystical ,
Within whose burning bosom we devise
Our earthly mothers waiting , sleeplessly .
7
Supple and turbulent , a ring of men
Shall chant in orgy on a summer morn
Their boisterous devotion to the sun ,
Not as a god , but as a god might be ,
Naked among them , like a savage source .
Their chant shall be a chant of paradise ,
Out of their blood , returning to the sky ;
And in their chant shall enter , voice by voice ,
The windy lake wherein their lord delights ,
The trees , like serafin , and echoing hills ,
That choir among themselves long afterward .
They shall know well the heavenly fellowship
Of men that perish and of summer morn .
And whence they came and whither they shall go
The dew upon their feet shall manifest .
8
She hears , upon that water without sound ,
A voice that cries , ' The tomb in Palestine
Is not the porch of spirits lingering .
It is the grave of Jesus , where he lay . '
We live in an old chaos of the sun ,
Or old dependency of day and night ,
Or island solitude , unsponsored , free ,
Of that wide water , inescapable .
Deer walk upon our mountains , and the quail
Whistle about us their spontaneous cries ;
Sweet berries ripen in the wilderness ;
And , in the isolation of the sky ,
At evening , casual flocks of pigeons make
Ambiguous undulations as they sink ,
Downward to darkness , on extended wings .
Retired Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , who is in charge of the US government response to the Gulf disaster , said : " Some of the boats may be able to remain on site but we will err on the side of safety .
Krieg in Afghanistan Bundeswehr setzt schwere Artillerie gegen Aufständische ein
Blutiges Wochenende in Afghanistan : Aufständische haben Dutzende Menschen getötet , auch die Bundeswehr wurde Ziel eines Angriffs .
Erstmals setzten die deutschen Soldaten ihre schwerste Waffe ein - sie beschossen die Angreifer mit einer Panzerhaubitze .
Updated at foot of post .
This is still developing , as we ’re seeing mixed reports around the Internet .
However , it appears that Facebook has released a Delete Account option , in addition to the previous Deactivate Account .
In the past , in order to delete your account , there were quite a few hoops that a user had to jump through .
This new feature appears to make the account deletion process considerably easier .
According to a report on Slashdot , the option ( which appears to only be showing for some users ) , will “ permanently delete your account and all information you have shared ” .
It is worthy to note , however , that Facebook ’s terms of service allow the site to keep that information once it has been acquired .
It is also interesting that , in the past , a user would have to not touch a “ deleted ” account for 14 days after deletion in order to complete the process .
The previous way of doing things was quite buried , but eventually led you to this page .
It ’s a big jump , for Facebook , if it turns out to be true .
We ’ve contacted Facebook , and we ’re trying to get a screenshot of the option .
To see for yourself , head to your Account Settings .
Update : Confirmed by a Facebook representative
… we are constantly testing new ideas , including the placement of various features .
One of these recent tests included variations of the delete account option for a very small percentage of people .
We ’ve yet to see a screenshot from anyone in this “ small percentage ” , but it ’s good to know that it ’s more than just something out of the rumor mill .
➤ Read Next :
What happened when Facebook disabled my account
Read next : iPhone 4 Coming to 17 More Countries This Friday
This week David Cameron flew to India in a chartered plane , accompanied by six ministers , innumerable corporate chiefs , and even a few Olympic medallists .
Cameron has vowed to forge a " new special relationship " with the world 's second - fastest growing economy , which the Labour government , infatuated with the old special relationship , neglected to build .
A foundation for this alliance was apparently laid today when BAE signed a £ 500 m contract to supply 57 Hawk jet trainers to India 's air force and navy .
India seeks urgently and expensively to modernise its military .
No one in the British delegation will be pressing Indian flesh more eagerly this week than representatives of BAE and Rolls - Royce , who in India are vying for some of the world 's biggest weapons contracts .
The rest of the Indian scene is not so inviting ( and Cameron is wise to refrain from invoking old colonial links , which would slight India 's new amour - propre as much as it might gladden British hearts ) .
The foreign policies of the two countries remain at odds .
While Britain sensibly advocates negotiations with the Taliban , India wants its own zone of influence in Afghanistan .
India is much closer , politically and commercially , to the US than it is to Britain ; the UK government 's proposed immigration caps will further deter highly skilled Indians from contributing to the British economy .
And British business people seeking fresh openings in India 's tightly regulated finance , banking , insurance and retail sectors are likely to be disappointed .
Nevertheless , the coalition government , and its approving media chorus , seems intoxicated by its Rip - Van-Winklish discovery of " Shining India " .
The old Jewel in the Crown has suddenly mutated into the new El Dorado , and this widespread but unexamined fantasy is already helping the coalition government to dismantle the most principled aspect of Britain 's relationship with India .
Jo Johnson , the Conservative MP for Orpington , seemed to amplify a growing Tory consensus when , in the Financial Times , he described British aid to India as an " anachronism " .
Citing India 's grand projects and superpower ambitions , Johnson claimed that the country is " no longer a natural aid recipient " .
This is certainly a bold assertion .
According to the latest measure of the United Nations Development Programme , which includes such indicators of deprivation as education and health , just eight Indian states have more poor people – 421 million – than the 28 poorest countries of Africa .
In fact , undernutrition in India is twice as high as that in sub-Saharan Africa , with nearly half of India 's 120 million children exposed to early death .
Survival is no less a challenge for many children in Gujarat , one of India 's richest states .
Poverty and inequality stubbornly persist across India despite spectacular GDP growth , proving the moral nullity of the trickle - down theory , memorably derided by John Kenneth Galbraith as the notion that " if you feed the horse enough oats , some will pass through to the road for the sparrows " .
A relatively tiny minority monopolises the oats in India , and now claims an exalted position for itself in the world .
As innumerable urban " beautification " programmes reveal , these powerful Indians would ideally like their less well - off compatriots – like the woman from the Mumbai slum who was run over by a car in David Cameron 's cavalcade in 2006 – to disappear from sight .
To take their vanity projects , such as October 's £ 1.5 bn Commonwealth Games in Delhi or India 's planned junket to the moon , as evidence of inclusive economic growth is to fall for the flimsiest of illusions .
India 's political and business elites have not only failed to provide basic public services to the deprived majority ; their preferred model of economic development actively victimises the poor , provoking India 's conservative supreme court to marvel last week at how " every step that we take seems to give rise to insurgency and political extremism " .
The court was ruling over the acquisition of land by a company that failed to compensate its tribal owners for 23 years .
Business people and politicians in India have perpetrated many such blatant , and bigger , injustices in the name of development , forcing many dispossessed people to take up arms in the intensifying Maoist insurgency in central India .
As the supreme court observed , development has become a " dreadful and hated word " to millions of Indians .
Dfid – Britain 's international development department – has occasionally been complicit in the kind of economic growth that strangulates the poor while making the richest even richer .
However , with all its flaws , it is still more conscientious than most of its western peers – especially US aid agencies , which blatantly funnel large portions of " aid " money to American " consultants " while advancing the interests of large American companies .
Two - thirds of Dfid 's outlay in India is spent on providing health and education services where almost none exist .
There is of course ample scope for cutting down wasteful spending and reducing , if not altogether eliminating , corruption .
But foreign aid is not an anachronism in a country whose more than 800 million people still live on less than $ 2 a day : a pitiable budget under assault by double - digit inflation .
It is surely no accident that Cameron 's high - powered delegation could not find a place for Andrew Mitchell , the minister in charge of Dfid , which runs the largest single - country programme in India , accounting for nearly 30 % of all foreign aid received by the country .
Mitchell himself probably put his name on the no - fly - to - India list .
" £ 250 m of public money spent annually on nuclear - armed India could be scaled back , " he said recently .
Jo Johnson , too , cites India 's huge defence budget as evidence that the country can attend to its own development needs .
But this defence outlay , which grew by an unprecedented 34 % last year and is almost entirely exempt from parliamentary scrutiny or public debate , is an exclusive bonanza for India 's alarmingly numerous corrupt politicians , bureaucrats and army officers ( whom BAE , with its experience of Saudi Arabia , may be well placed to indulge ) .
Delhi's opulent five - star hotels swarm with lobbyists for Lockheed Martin , Boeing , Dassault and other arms companies .
A recent rash of ill - suited and extravagant acquisitions by the Indian government prompted even Sunil Khilnani , a sober political scientist and author of The Idea of India , to warn of a nascent " military - industrial complex " in India .
This is particularly disturbing as the expensive new weapons are likely to be turned against people India claims as its own – and not just in the valley of Kashmir where an anti-India insurgency has consumed more than 80,000 lives , and where Indian security forces have shot dead 17 Muslim protesters , mostly teenagers , in just the past six weeks .
The Indian government is also considering deploying the army and air force to suppress the growing Maoist rebellion .
Flying into this gathering storm , the British delegation seems to want little more than safe landing for its
Hawk jets and other military hardware .
Cameron will no doubt play to the Indian gallery by accusing Pakistan of terrorism while remaining silent about murder and torture in Kashmir .
He will tickle the vanity of India 's elite by supporting their claims to a permanent seat at the UN security council and other high tables .
He may even relax visa rules for Indians .
But none of this can compensate for the severing of Britain 's old links with India 's great mass of ordinary people – or the replacement of Dfid 's lifelines to India 's poorest with a " new special relationship " that at present promises to do little more than enliven the parties of Delhi 's arms dealers .
Angelo M. Codevilla , professor emeritus of international relations at Boston University , has written an extraordinary essay for the July / August issue of The American Spectator .
It ’s called “ America ’s Ruling Class – And the Perils of Revolution , ” but it deals much more extensively with the anatomy and functioning of the class system in the United States today than with the prospect of revolution .
Codevilla cuts immediately to the core : the United States today is divided into ( a ) a ruling class , which dominates the government at every level , the schools and universities , the mainstream media , Hollywood , and a great deal else , and ( b ) all of the rest of us , a heterogeneous agglomeration that Codevilla dubs the country class .
The ruling class holds the lion ’s share of the institutional power , but the country class encompasses perhaps two - thirds of the people .
Members of the two classes do not like one another .
In particular , the ruling class views the rest of the population as composed of ignoramuses who are vicious , violent , racist , religious , irrational , unscientific , backward , generally ill - behaved , and incapable of living well without constant , detailed direction by our betters ; and it views itself as perfectly qualified and entitled to pound us into better shape by the generous application of laws , taxes , subsidies , regulations , and unceasing declarations of its dedication to bringing the country — and indeed the entire world — out of its present darkness and into the light of the Brave New World it is busily engineering .
This class divide has little to do with rich versus poor or Democrat versus Republican .
At its core , it has to do with the division between , on the one hand , those whose attitudes are attuned to the views endorsed by the ruling class ( especially “ political correctness ” ) and whose fortunes are linked directly or indirectly with government programs and , on the other hand , those whose outlooks and interests derive from and focus on private affairs , especially the traditional family , religion , and genuine private enterprise .
Above all , as Codevilla makes plain , “ for our ruling class , identity always trumps . ”
These people know they are superior in every way , and they are not shy about letting us know that they are .
Arrogance might as well be their middle name .
The ruling class , not surprisingly , is also the statist party :
[ O ] ur ruling class ’s standard approach to any and all matters , its solution to any and all problems , is to increase the power of the government – meaning of those who run it , meaning themselves , to profit those who pay with political support for privileged jobs , contracts , etc .
Despite the rulers ’ chronic complaints about people ’s exercising “ discrimination ” of one kind or another , they have no intention of treating everybody equally .
Hence , “ [ l ] aws and regulations nowadays are longer than ever because length is needed to specify how people will be treated unequally . ”
As the recent health - care and financial - reform statutes illustrate perfectly , however , much of the inequality is achieved not directly , but by the statutes ’ delegation of authority to countless regulatory and administrative bodies , which will use their ample discretion to do the desired dirty work .
Codevilla ’s description of the ruling class and its modus operandi is longer and more detailed than his account of the country class , which is probably inevitable in view of the latter ’s extreme heterogeneity .
And the force of his argument wanes a bit toward the end of the essay , when he muses about how a country party might turn the tide against the domination and contempt it presently suffers at the hands of its officious rulers .
Nevertheless , I heartily recommend this magnificent essay , which is one of the most intelligent , forthright discussions of America ’s current socio-political condition I have ever read .
If we serfs are ever to escape the grip of our overbearing , self - appointed nobility , the first requirements will be to recognize correctly our current condition , to denounce openly its injustice and idiocy , and to deride every claim of legitimacy or entitlement our rulers have the temerity to make or presume .
The Canadian government should rethink its decision to change the way census data are collected .
It is hard enough to get people excited about statistics at any time , let alone at the height of the summer holiday season .
But in Canada this month , people have become passionate about the subject .
A quiet political decision to scrap the compulsory long - form part of the Canadian census has inspired fuming in the national press , vitriolic protest from numerous academic bodies , the resignation of the head of Statistics Canada , and even a YouTube broadcast of a song espousing the importance of census data for public policy ( http://go.nature.com/O9TWcf).
Critics have accused Canada 's ruling conservative party of being anti-science — and , worse , anti-information .
To gut one of the world 's most respected statistical organizations , they argue , will prevent future policy decisions on everything from health care to public transport from being based on either data or logic .
The incident comes amid a growing sense of unease about the right - leaning Canadian federal government 's apparent disregard for science - based policy .
The country continues to support the mining of asbestos and its export to the developing world , despite repeated calls to ban the toxic substance and cries of protest from the medical community .
Canada has been one of the most obstructive countries at climate - change talks , and continues to be protective of its development of the tar sands — one of the world 's dirtiest sources of oil .
The federal government has fought against maintaining the supervised injection facility for drug addicts in Vancouver , despite staunch protest from the medical community and studies showing that such programmes are helpful .
Now the government is threatening to undermine the system that collects the data needed for a multitude of other evidence - based decisions .
Every five years for almost four decades , the Canadian census has involved both a head count and a longer questionnaire asking about details such as ethnicity , education and housing .
The long form was sent to 20 % of the population , and replying was compulsory by law .
At the end of June , citing concerns about privacy , industry minister Tony Clement announced that the long form would be made voluntary ; an additional Can$ 30 million ( US $ 29 million ) a year will be spent to send the form to 30 % of the population , in an attempt to make up the numbers .
“ Vulnerable populations of the poor and downtrodden will be less likely to reply to a voluntary questionnaire , skewing the resulting data . ”
This , as any statistician can testify , is not the same thing .
Inevitably , vulnerable populations of the poor and downtrodden will be less likely to reply , skewing the resulting data .
Although statisticians are adept at correcting for such factors in surveys , they can do so only if they have a gold - standard set of data to refer to — namely , the census data .
Even if the voluntary data are sufficiently robust to allow for good public policy - making , it will still cause a problem for researchers looking for long - term trends , because comparing the compulsory data with the subsequent voluntary set will be nearly impossible .
In a country defined by a mosaic of immigrant groups and indigenous populations , precision data on their lives are crucial to good public policy .
Statistics Canada has been widely regarded as a world leader in handling everything from the intricacies of question wording to protecting individual privacy .
Although the government claims that it is responding to public concerns about privacy and ' big brother ' government , this , ironically , does not seem to be based on evidence — the privacy commissioner 's office has received only three complaints about the intrusiveness of the census long form over the past decade .
The United States investigated the option of switching to a voluntary long form in 2003 , but concluded that it would be too expensive to bring the data up to par .
Instead , this year it replaced its long form with a mandatory ongoing survey — a change that required nearly a decade of research to confirm that it would maintain the quality of the data .
Academics , economists and public policy - makers find themselves open - jawed at Canada 's snap decision — made without consulting the data 's users — which will effectively allow the government to do less while spending more money .
Letters of protest and editorials have been penned by the Canadian Medical Association Journal , the Canadian Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences , and many others .
Canadian academics are not letting this pass quietly ; the rest of the world should join their voice of protest ( http://go.nature.com/dq6rZ3).
It is too late to save the form for 2011 , but this could , and should , be reinstated for 2016 .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
This is one of several industry specific indexes I track each month .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Same store sales and customer traffic both declined in June ( on a year - over - year basis ) .
This is the third consecutive month of declines .
Unfortunately the data for this index only goes back to 2002 .
Note :
Any reading above 100 shows expansion for this index .
From the National Restaurant Association ( NRA ) : Industry Outlook Softened in June as the Restaurant Performance Index Declined for the Third Consecutive Month
As a result of a dampened outlook among restaurant operators , the National Restaurant Association 's comprehensive index of restaurant activity declined for the third consecutive month in June .
The Association 's Restaurant Performance Index ( RPI ) - a monthly composite index that tracks the health of and outlook for the U.S. restaurant industry - stood at 99.5 in June , down 0.3 percent from May and the lowest index level since February .
In addition , the RPI stood below 100 for the second consecutive month , which signifies contraction in the index of key industry indicators .
...
Restaurant operators reported a net decline in same - store sales for the third consecutive month in June , though the results were a modest improvement from the May performance .
...
Restaurant operators also reported a net decline in customer traffic levels in June .
...
Along with soft sales and traffic results , restaurant operators reported a dip in capital spending activity .
...
Restaurant operators are also not as optimistic about the direction of the overall economy .
...
Restaurant operators ’plans for capital expenditures fell to a six - month low this month .
emphasis added
Restaurants are a discretionary expense , and this contraction could be because of the sluggish recovery or might suggest further weakness in consumer spending in the months ahead .
Opening title sequence to True Blood [ view ]
Opening title sequences seduce , invite , prepare and inform their audiences .
Frequently foregrounded and formally complex , the opening sequence can attain a level of import far beyond its introductory capacity .
Forming a kind of audiovisual contract with the viewer , television opening credits represent a privileged space of narrational suspension , cognitive mapping , libinidal activation and spectatorial engagement : in short , they can be both a space of pure pleasure in image and sound and one that sets the stage , tone and atmosphere for the ensuing action .
Especially when accompanied by a voice - over , they frequently also offer essential narrative points and information .
For all of this significance , import and visibility , the opening credit is a much under - theorized and under - analyzed audiovisual space .
Despite numerous websites , blogs and internet top ten lists , there is very little scholarly research into the space of the opening sequence in either film or television .
Indeed , because of the television series ’s fundamental repetitive seriality , the opening sequence is a particularly integral and intriguing field for analysis , a fact that networks such as Showtime and HBO have recently recognized if we look at recent innovations in their series ’ title designs .
The willing viewing of , and listening to , the opening sequence of a TV series on a weekly , daily or hourly basis ( depending on your viewing situation ) is a unique spectatorial experience suggestive of the potential import of the space of the credits .
It is crucial to remember here that this audiovisual experience is absolutely optional in televisual viewing – there are no implicit norms , coercive forms or social prohibitions in the viewing or non-viewing of opening televisual sequences .
Whether viewed streaming on - air , on video or downloaded online , the attention paid to the opening sequence is a non-compulsory and discretionary activity .
It is also an audiovisual experience imbued with intense pleasure , concentration and engagement .
A quick look at a few key websites considering opening sequences as well as a glance at youtube remakes of openings indicates the level of audience engagement in these seemingly secondary , formally non-diegetic , paratextual televisual moments that frequently have little to do directly with series content .
Producers , designers and composers have clearly noticed this power of the opening sequence .
For instance , the work of Los Angeles based a52 and Seattle ’s Digital Kitchen have garnered awards , attention and a wide popularity verging on cult fandom with sequences characterized by atmospheric , tonal and audiovisual sophistication and ambiguity .
Together , these two design companies are responsible for a large number of the television title sequences shortlisted by different internet and fan sites : Dexter , Six Feet Under , True Blood , Nip / Tuck ( Digital Kitchen ) and Carnivale , Deadwood and Rome ( a52 ) .
Sharing stylistic experimentation , all of these opening sequences suggest the powerful emotive and tonal paratextuality of the title sequence .
Opening title sequence to Deadwood [ view ]
Although stemming from a literary framework , Gerard Genette ’s concept of the paratext has been an influential one in media studies .
In a media context , it indicates not only the space of the opening and closing credits , but also advertising , fandom and trailers and other elements that work alongside a text ( in this case a film , television show or series ) , but that are not strictly a part of the main diegesis of that text .
With opening title sequences , we see the way this concept both productively expands and problematically restricts the critical engagement with main title design : as the afterlives , fandom and aesthetic appreciation of main titles indicates , many sequences acquire a textual status that operates in conjunction with the main text but not in a secondary parasitical relationship .
In this way , opening credits can be ( and sometimes are ) seen as short films , works of art in their own right and not simply a medium for advertising the main text .
This can be tied to the willingness of audiences to engage in repeat viewings : there is an appreciation and pleasure in the sequence itself that cannot be accounted for by the textual analogue of the book jacket cover .
In order to explore this in a little depth I want to look at the affective engagement , abstraction and experimentation in the paratextual space of the opening credits for True Blood [ view ] and Deadwood [ view ] .
Both of these opening sequences are marked by central ambiguities , as the openings give impressions and tone but relatively little information .
This ambiguity is key as the sequences work on an abstract rather than narrational level : neither of these sequences is particularly informative about the series , neither clearly indicates narrative focus , genre or story and neither features a central character .
In these sequences , we have no real sense of characters or storylines , yet each is strong in conveying atmosphere , a sense of the historical past and a tonal gothic .
In both Deadwood and True Blood , the emphases are emotional and abstractly conceptual : suggestive of the series and poignant to those familiar with the show , the sequences on their own contain little that is informative or preparatory for the viewer .
For example , the opening of True Blood trades in a kind southern gothic through a blending of archival footage of religious ritual , clansmen , animal decay and violence and erotic spectacle .
Other than the billboard decrying fangs , there is no indication of the series ’ concentration on vampires and the supernatural ; instead , natural decay and degradation pair with images suggestive of a strong desire for human interaction , sexual and spiritual .
As the producer for True Blood Alan Ball has noted , the opening for the series works toward abstract conceptualism , rather than narrational detail : “ I wanted a sense of the twin polarities of the need for transcendence as it plays out in the rural south – of church and sort of whipping yourself up into an evangelical frenzy and the honkytonk on Saturday night where you basically do the same thing only through drugs and hooking up and getting into brawls . ”
Similarly trading in abstracted and aesthetically beautiful imagery , Deadwood ’s opening sequence gives a sense of period and place , but only in very non-specific terms .
Fractured images of a butcher , the radiance of blood running down a white screen and a horse running in the wild coalesce to emphasize a vague sense of the dialectic of freedom and restraint , life and death .
The brownness of the series ’ cinematography is given this privileged moment of quiet respite as the isolated images invite a concentration that the cacophony and muddiness of the actual series does not allow .
These effects are intensified in the musical opening that offers the plaintive strains of a fiddle that is tonal and pleasurable , but also indicative of melancholy and loss .
I emphasize the auditory aspect , because it is crucial to recognize the place of music in the opening credits .
Title songs or themes set tone , mood and play a significant role in both the appeal ( or lack of appeal ) of the title sequence and the pleasures that can be found in its repeated viewing .
Studies on music and cognition have shown that familiarity breeds enjoyment : we are more apt to like a piece of music the more often we hear it , a fact known by mainstream radio , music and culture industries .
Together with the experimental , fractured and imagistically oriented visual track of both of these openings , the title music works to mark the opening sequence as a distinct and singular space : David Schwartz ’s innovative opening theme “ featuring Fiddle , Cavaquinho , Weissenborn , Guitar , Harmonium , Duduk , and Kitchen Pots , ” and Jace Everett ’s country song “ Bad Things ” have both taken on lives outside their series - based paratextuality , a status reflected in the opening sequences themselves .
Not merely ancillary , informational , functional , commercially based advertisements for the series , the opening sequence is both an integral part of both Deadwood and True Blood ( and many others ) and a textually cohesive , if not totally independent , cultural and aesthetic object .
Engaging in a contract with the repeat viewer , luring in the neophyte and seducing all , the well designed opening sequence surpasses the boundaries of paratextuality to become a ritualistic event , enacted before every viewing and appreciated as a unique televisual moment , one that becomes more exceptional in its serial repetition .
Image Credits :
1. True Blood title sequence
2. Deadwood title sequence
Please feel free to comment .
( CNN ) -- Call it a " message in a bottle " or an epic eco-adventure -- but now after 8,000 nautical miles and nearly four months at sea , you can finally call it over .
After sailing through brutal southern storms and battling numerous technical challenges , the crew of " Plastiki " -- a ship made out of thousands of plastic bottles -- is now on its final leg of a trip across the Pacific Ocean .
" It feels amazing , " Plastiki 's expedition leader , David de Rothschild , told CNN Sunday .
" I think what 's happened with the Plastiki has really captured the world 's imagination ... the impact has really surpassed my expectations . "
The Plastiki will reach Sydney , its final destination , Monday morning -- ending a 125 - day journey , but also completing years of planning and dedication for the team .
De Rothschild said that a 2006 United Nations report on plastic littering the world 's oceans was his personal catalyst for action .
Made of approximately 12,500 reclaimed plastic bottles and engineered using the most sustainable methods possible , the Plastiki is meant to be used as a platform upon which solutions to the myriad of environmental problems can be found .
" I was inspired to go out and really build Plastiki to showcase waste as a resource , " said de Rothschild .
" And here we are nearly four years to the day just pulling in to a little harbor just north of Sydney , ready to sail in tomorrow [ Monday ] . "
The Plastiki 's arrival in Sydney will not , however , be the 60 - foot catamaran 's first time to reach Australian soil .
Winter storms producing near - hurricane strength winds forced the vessel and its crew to take refuge in Mooloolaba , Queensland , on July 19 .
Brutal winter storms in the Tasman Sea made the leg from New Caledonia the most challenging .
One night , winds gusting over 60 knots surprised the crew , leaving them battling to prevent the mast buckling and losing the sail for eight hours .
Co-skipper of the boat , Dave Thomson , called the waves some of " the biggest you 're likely to see . "
Once in Sydney , the Plastiki will be harbored at the Australian National Maritime Museum .
It will remain on display for a month as crew members hold special events aimed at raising awareness of plastic waste in the ocean .
The general public will also have the opportunity to visit the vessel during an open day .
But de Rothschild said that although the boat is made of recyclable material , he 's not planning to toss it in the chipper just yet .
" I really feel the Plastiki is entering its next chapter , " said de Rothschild , outlining hopes to put the boat on display around the world .
" The plan is to create a global oceans exhibit that can showcase not only the issue of throw - away plastics but really about nurturing and re-evaluating our oceans ... our most precious of ecosystems , " he added .
" The Plastiki is definitely not coming to a halt . "
Almost eighty years ago , German war chiefs were busy devising Unternehmen Grün or Operation Green : Nazi Germany ’s planned invasion of Ireland .
The plan has recently come to light .
Dublin was earmarked by the Nazis as one of six regional administrative centers for Britain and Ireland right after Dunkirk when an Allied collapse seemed imminent .
Had the occupation taken place , the Germans thought it crucial that their advancing units reach Ireland as soon as possible after the initial invasion .
The plan would have seen the fourth and seventh infantry divisions of the Germany Army being deployed to Ireland .
The German 4th army corps , in particular , had a brutal reputation in battle and inflicted many civilian casualties as they secured the Polish corridor to Warsaw during the invasion of Poland in 1939 .
Their advance , had the fourth and seventh been deployed to Ireland , would have been rapid - up to 100 km a day - and their brutality would have been beyond doubt .
Fifty thousand troops in total were allocated for the Irish invasion with an initial batch of 4,000 crack engineers , motorized infantry , commando and panzer units to reach the Irish shore after having launched from France .
The operatives were initially to land on Ireland ’s South - East coast where they expected to be met with only token resistance , and then to aerially bomb targets throughout the Irish Free State as it was then known .
Read more : Adolf Hitler , the Irish folk music fan
After this initial landing and advancement phase , ground troops of the 4th and 7th army corps would have begun so - called “ probing attacks ” on the Irish Army based in Cork and Clonmel , followed by a push through Laois - Offaly towards the Army ’s Curragh Camp base in Co. Kildare .
Some units would have reached the outskirts of Dublin just 48 hours after having landed in the South - East , such would have been the pace of their progress .
The Nazi politburo in Dublin was to have far reaching executive powers and would have had instructions to dismantle , and if necessary , liquidate , any of Ireland ’s remaining indigenous political apparatus , intellectual leadership and any non-Aryan social institutions .
The GAA would have been closed and Irish Jews would have been murdered en masse .
Ireland would have been ruthlessly subject to German martial law , with curfews also being imposed on the local population , as well as plans to commandeer resources from locals .
To this end an annex was added to the plan listing all petrol stations and garages in Munster and the Midlands .
Nothing was n’t planned for .
Livestock , food , fuel , and forced labor would all have been used by the Germans in their advance northwards , which would have pitted them squarely against the civilian population .
Ireland ’s army at the time of 7,600 regulars and 11,000 reserves would have been completely unable to handle the onslaught from the invading force .
The army was also incapable of mounting large - scale maneuvers and was poorly armed .
Many companies even travelled by bicycle !
When Winston Churchill got wind of the German plans , he drafted detailed plans for a counter - attack to be launched from Northern Ireland .
The plan , codenamed Plan W , envisaged the Irish and British armies fighting side by side to repel the intrusive German forces .
Ireland ’s neutrality was respected and they emerged largely unscathed from the war , but had the invasion taken place , there could well have been large - scale casualties .
Read more : Dublin woman discovers she was born into Nazi breeding program
* Originally published August 2013 .
Can one be too boring to appear on reality TV ?
Too wet to go in the water ?
Too dumb to partake in a GMTV phone quiz ?
Despite the self - reflective , nay , almost Confucian quality to these questions , they are not a selection of titles from the self - help section of your local bookshop .
Even more surprisingly , the answer to one of these questions turns out to be , actually yes .
Best of all , the answer involves a Palin .
The Palin family has been busy of late , even by its own industrious standards .
Sarah has been hard at work tweeting her horror at plans to build an Islamic centre near Ground Zero in New York and , in doing so , reinventing the English language and comparing herself to Shakespeare .
All that and in under 140 characters , too .
Even more shocking than the revelation that Palin has heard of Shakespeare has been her spirited , if unfortunately racist defence of New York City , that epicentre of her frequently invoked " East Coast elitism " .
To those of us who come from and / or live in New York , this is an interesting volte - face and one that we have had to get used to in recent years : to Palin , Fox News and the fun lovin ' tea partyists , New York is generally the antithesis to some madey - uppy heartland demographic ; when the chance arises to use 9/11 to indulge in casual racism , New York becomes America 's vulnerable crown jewel .
But in a move of almost Greek - tragedy proportions , Palin has been overshadowed by her own daughter , Bristol .
Last week Bristol announced her engagement to the father of her child , the adorable Levi Johnston , in the traditional Christian manner , on the cover of Us magazine .
Judging from her terse press release ( " Bristol is ultimately in charge of determining what is best for her " ) , Mama Palin was less than thrilled with this turn of events , but worse has transpired .
Naturally , Bristol and Levi assumed that their marriage would be lovingly witnessed by God and His modern day equivalent , reality TV .
However , according to reports " network honchos " have turned down the planned programme because " neither [ Bristol nor Levi ] have personalities " .
Now , to the five people who have been watching the current series of Big Brother , this doubtless makes Bristol and Levi sound like reality - TV naturals , but apparently not .
If Sarah was wary about her daughter 's marriage being made into a TV programme , then surely her being turned down for one is even worse , considering so much of her political image has been based on personality and family .
Only now it turns out that a member of her family does n't even have enough personality for a country that has a TV programme called I Didn't Even Know I Was Pregnant ( which , for the record , Bristol did n't appear on either ) .
Levi has reportedly offered to " bring in his sister and other relatives to make it work " .
This would be his drug dealing mother and his sister Mercede , author of a highly recommended blog .
This presents an interesting quandary for Sarah Palin , one even trickier to navigate than her love / hate affair with New York .
Palin has always claimed that hokey ignorance and a " redneck " background are far more important qualifications for a politician than a basic knowledge of geography and the English language .
And yet , in the Johnstons , Bristol has found a family – going by her mother 's criteria – more " real American " than her own .
Thus , to criticise them would make her sound , well , elitist .
That the Johnstons apparently have more TV appeal is just the lemon juice in the wound .
This is the problem with celebrating stupidity , Sarah : stupid people win .
News that the Daily Mail 's website , Mail Online , has had a 72 % year on year growth of unique browsers comes as no surprise to this unique browser .
There 's something about the website 's tangy tonal mix of a salacious uncle , a nosey passive - aggressive neighbour and a caller to John Gaunt 's radio show that , ooh , just gives me the hit I crave whenever there is work to be done but I would rather procrastinate by giving myself a momentary lobotomy .
Yet even through the haze of my addiction I remain a loyal employee .
So to help the Guardian boost its own numbers , I shall make use of my years of hard study of Mail Online by writing in the Mail 's clearly irresistible style .
However , because I do not have the access to paparazzi photos of unknown US reality TV stars and Katie Holmes , I must use my own humble self as the subject : " Not so glam now !
Hadley dares to leave the house at 9 am without any make up . "
" Hadley enjoys the sun in a denim miniskirt – but how old is TOO OLD to show one 's legs ?
Our top writers discuss . "
" Shadow or cellulite ?
Hadley flashes some unfortunate mottling as she gets on the bus . "
" Tea for two ?
No , just one , actually : Sad Hadley cuts a lonely figure as she buys just one cup of tea in the office canteen . "
" Hadley wears this summer 's 1950s trend , but at her age maybe she should think more about what flatters her instead of what 's fashionable . "
" TOO FAT " " Hadley and mysterious friend eat their sandwiches outside – but is there more to this friendship than meets the eye ? "
" Hadley and male colleague talk about ' work ' at Hadley 's desk .
Our resident body language expert analyses what their looks REALLY say . "
" TOO THIN " " What a difference two decades make !
The summer sun shows how much Hadley 's skin has changed since this photo taken 20 years ago . "
" As Hadley tries to drink her cares away with friends after work we ask , why ARE women reaching for the bottle so much these days ? "
" TOO FAT " " Worse for wear , Hadley stumbles home after ANOTHER night out .
But , warns a former self - described feminist , these not - so - young women will regret their selfish , irresponsible behaviour . "
There .
That should do the business .
Yesterday ’s U.S. DMCA
Rulemaking decision , which established a series of new anti-circumvention exceptions , attracted considerable attention on both sides of the border .
In the U.S. , critics of the DMCA noted the progress in addressing some of the DMCA ’s most troubling consequences by creating exceptions for unlocking and jailbreaking cellphones and circumventing DVD locks in several circumstances ( though the decision is hardly a panacea given the restrictions on distributing circumvention tools , contractual restrictions , and the absence of a general right to circumvent for lawful purposes ) .
From a Canadian perspective , the U.S. decision – combined with the recent 5th Circuit Court of Appeals ruling linking circumvention to copyright and the USTR decision to cave on the digital lock rules in ACTA – provides a timely reminder of the mistake that is the digital lock rules in C - 32 .
Looking back , Industry Minister Tony Clement said he wanted forward - looking legislation designed to last ten years , yet the scope of Bill C - 32 ’s anti-circumvention exceptions became outdated in less than ten weeks .
Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore , when not calling critics “ radical extremists , ” emphasized that Bill C - 32 was not identical to the DMCA .
While he had the notice - and - notice system in mind , weeks later his comments became accurate since it turns out the DMCA is far less restrictive than C - 32 .
Just how badly does the Canadian bill stack up ?
On the two key issues in the bill – digital locks and fair dealing – Canada is far more restrictive than the U.S. Consider :
U.S. rules contain a mandatory review of anti-circumvention exceptions every three years .
There is no mandatory review of the exceptions in the Canadian bill .
U.S. rules contain an exception for unlocking and jailbreaking a cellphone .
Canadian rules only cover unlocking .
U.S. rules contain an exception for education to circumvent DVD protection to gather a short clip .
Canadian rules , despite various new education exceptions , would treat this as an infringement .
U.S. rules contain an exception for documentary film makers to circumvent DVD protection to gather a short clip .
Canadian rules , despite various new creator exceptions for parody and satire , would treat this as an infringement .
U.S. rules contain an exception for everyone to circumvent DVD protection to gather a short clip to create non-commercial videos .
Canadian rules include an exception for non-commercial videos , but do not exempt circumvention .
U.S. rules contain an exception for e-books designed to facilitate access for the sight impaired .
The Canadian rules do not contain a similar exception .
U.S. law contains a flexible fair use provision that covers everything from recording television shows to making backup copies .
Moreover , at least one U.S. appellate court has factored these rules when considering the DMCA .
The Canadian rules contain a series of new fair dealing exceptions that are collectively still more restrictive than the U.S. fair use and are still subject to digital locks .
The response to the U.S. developments from Clement and Moore was interesting .
Clement immediately asked his department to review the U.S. changes , presumably with a view to considering whether Bill C - 32 should be amended .
Moore , after weeks of silence on copyright ( after urging people to confront C - 32 critics , Moore has said virtually nothing about the bill ) , tweeted about a music industry article that chronicled the biggest changes in the industry , including the shift from CDs to singles , the popularity of YouTube to listen to music , social media , and Pandora .
Oddly , Moore said the article “ shows again the need for ongoing reform , ” yet , at the risk of being labeled a radical extremist , there was n’t anything in the article had much to do with legal changes at all .
Last month , Zelda fans experienced mass anxiety at news of Nintendo mastermind Shigeru Miyamoto 's intent to make the next Zelda game easier .
Yet , when The Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword was announced a couple days ago at E3 , it certainly did n't look easier .
Due to the game 's fully - realized motion controls , players will need to attack enemies from specific angles just to injure them .
I was curious about the meaning behind the quote , so I asked Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma during an interview yesterday .
He responded in the most straightforward manner possible : " I do not want to make Zelda easier . "
" Easy to me does not equal fun , " Aonuma explained .
" I want puzzles where people have to think about it , and when they solve the puzzle , there 's that feeling of accomplishment .
That 's something that 's really valuable , that concrete feeling that when you accomplish something [ in the game ] , it feels like you 've done something worth doing .
If the game is too easy , the accomplishments are n't valuable . "
Aonuma also elaborated on the quote from Miyamoto that caused this worry in the first place :
" When Mr. Miyamoto says easy , he does n't mean simple .
He means easily -- this is the difficulty of the language here .
It 's accessible , and you know how to do things , if not necessarily what to do .
You may have a series of puzzles to figure out , and it may be difficult to decipher the meaning , but it 's not difficult to accomplish what you need to do . "
Essentially , I think what Aonuma was saying ( and what Miyamoto was trying to hint at ) is that the new motion controls make the combat natural without having to learn many button combinations .
It was an unfortunate misunderstanding , but one that 's nice to have cleared up .
The Odd , Odd Case Of Alvin Greene Gets Even More Odd
Alvin Greene is running a political campaign , but it 's unlike anything anyone has ever seen before .
Doug Mataconis · · 24 comments
When we last left Alvin Greene , he had survived an attempt by South Carolina Democrats to remove him from the ballot , since then his campaign , such as it is , has taken a very odd turn .
For one thing , he ’s apparently figured out that talking to the press may not be the best thing to do :
After dozens of interviews , the candidate has begun to shun reporters , wearily asking what the story is going to be about and sometimes refusing to talk .
Two weeks ago , Greene asked the same AP reporter he ’d welcomed into his home to leave , saying he was “ a busy man ” and repeating “ Go! Go! Go! Go ! ” while avoiding eye contact .
A phone call to arrange an interview later that day was met with a gruff request to return a week later at 1:30 .
When the appointment arrived , Greene was n’t there .
Greene answered another request for a long interview Monday by telling the reporter to call back in a couple of weeks .
He did , however , given an extended interview to London ’s Guardian , where he unveiled his plan to revive South Carolina ’s economy :
It becomes clear fairly early in our conversation that Greene is not the greatest orator .
He is not in the mould , say , of one of his heroes , Barack Obama .
When I ask him whether Obama , as a fellow African - American , had been an inspiration behind his own decision to enter politics , he says , “ Yes , I mean there ’s something that , you know , I knew so I just knew that .
It was in my mind , I knew that , that , that , that the voters really , they really , that they really , erm , followed the candidate .
That they really wanted substance in a candidate . . . ” It is clear , too , in the course of the two hours I spend with Greene that he has some pretty wacky ideas that , were he to win in November , would put him among the more unpredictable members of the senate .
At one point , he lurches off on his big idea for how to create jobs in South Carolina .
“ Another thing we can do for jobs is make toys of me , especially for the holidays .
Little dolls .
Me. Like maybe little action dolls .
Me in an army uniform , air force uniform , and me in my suit .
They can make toys of me and my vehicle , especially for the holidays and Christmas for the kids .
That ’s something that would create jobs .
So you see I think out of the box like that .
It ’s not something a typical person would bring up .
That ’s something that could happen , that makes sense .
It ’s not a joke . ”
You heard it here first kids .
The Alvin Green action figure .
Better get your letters out to Santa now before supply runs out !
Since the primary , I ’ve vacillated between the idea that Alvin Greene is pulling off some kind of enormous practical joke and the idea that he ’s just , well , totally nuts .
After reading that Guardian interview , I ’m as confused as ever .
Italian 55 - year - old sets sea swimming world record Doctor swam 250 km from Tunisia to Sardinia in seven days
( ANSA ) - Rome , July 29 - A 55 - year - old Italian doctor set a new world record for swimming on the open sea Thursday when he completed a 250 km crossing from Tunisia to Sardinia .
Giovanni Brancato swam 11 hours a day for seven days at an average rate of 54 strokes a minute to break his own previous mark of 145 km for a 2008 crossing between Corsica and the Ligurian coast on the Italian mainland .
'' It 's a dream I 've been cultivating for some time , '' Brancato told reporters after arriving at the seaside resort of Villasimius .
'' I have to touch myself to believe it 's true . ''
The first person to greet Brancato was his 13 - year - old daughter Margherita , who dived into the sea and swam out to him as he was coming into shore .
'' He 's a mad man , but that 's part of the reason why we love him ' ' the girl said .
'' He is n't always easy but thoroughbred champions never stop amazing you '' .
Brancato , who is from Messina in Sicily , said there are no secrets behind his ability to pull off such feats of endurance at such an advanced age .
' ' I do n't have any magic recipes , just a simple , natural healthy diet , '' he said .
'' When I 'm swimming I have plenty of sips of almond milk , pear and pomegranate juice and tonic water as well as dark chocolate ' ' .
He added that more adventures are in store .
'' While I was finishing I was already thinking of my next endeavour , '' he said .
'' I 've an idea for a sea - land - sea one , but I 'll talk about it when I 've taken this in .
The taste of success is like a drug , it makes me want more ' ' .
photo : Sardinian seaside resort Villasimius .
MOSUL , Iraq  Members of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia have been holding up blood banks and hospitals at gunpoint , stealing blood for their wounded fighters rather than risk having them arrested at medical facilities , according to Iraqi doctors , employees at health centers and the Sunni insurgents themselves .
Iraqi health officials say the raids have been occurring for some time in provinces with large Sunni Arab populations and appear to signal an insurgency desperate to safeguard its core group of fighters .
But the insurgents have a diminished ability to intimidate hospital staffs into caring for them directly and dwindling support among fellow Sunni Arabs , including doctors , the officials said .
The Iraqi security force members that guard medical facilities have often stood idly by as the armed robberies take place , according to workers .
This has reinforced doubts about Iraq ’s ability to take on even a diminished insurgency as the United States continues to reduce its troops in the country .
Hadad Hamad , a doctor in Anbar Province , said the raids occurred in western Iraq as early as 2005 , when “ Al Qaeda fighters burst into Al Qaim Hospital ’s blood bank , seized large quantities of blood and took it ” to a nearby village , apparently to treat their wounded .
In March , officers with the Bayou La Batre Police Department responded to 470 calls , according to their records .
Two months later -- after a ruptured well began gushing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , imperiling the fishing industry in five states and idling thousands of workers -- the police calls in the Bayou jumped to 800 .
View full size
" That is an empirical indicator that the community is extremely disrupted , " said Steven Picou , a sociology professor at the University of South Alabama , who has studied the impacts of the Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska for more than 20 years .
Even worse , Picou said , the people of the Gulf may be " fast - tracking the
social and psychological aspects because of the incredible size of this catastrophe .
The trust factor is gone in regards to BP and the Coast Guard .
" This is your worst nightmare , " Picou said .
" It 's like an amoebae out there .
It comes and it goes .
It 's underwater .
It 's a monster . "
After the Exxon Valdez spill , the rates of suicide , domestic violence and divorce surged in the areas most affected by the contamination of Prince Edward Sound .
Picou and others wonder if the same is ahead for Gulf communities where , for generations , families have made a living from local waters .
Last week , a charter fishing captain in Baldwin County , William Allen " Rookie " Kruse , took his life on his boat .
So far , only a few new patients have come to the AltaPointe mental health clinic in Bayou La Batre seeking help because of the spill , according to Dr. Sandra Parker , the medical director and a psychiatrist .
She figures that it 's just a matter of time .
" People are still in shock and denial , and it takes a little while for things to sink in , " Parker said .
" One of the big problems in this situation is fear of the unknown .
Folks who earn their living in the Bayou , they do n't know when this will ever end . "
Bayou Police Sgt. Jason
Edwards said crime is up across the board in the area that comprises the heart of south Mobile County 's staggered seafood industry .
Spencer Collier , a state lawmaker who lives in Bayou La Batre , said he has concern that stress disorders will beset the area for years to come .
" I 've had half a dozen people come to me in the last three days .
They can't pay the power bill , " Collier said last week .
" I 've seen fear in their eyes . "
The Rev. Bill Nguyen , the priest at St. Margaret Catholic Church in the Bayou , said attendance remains steady at weekly services , but collections have been down , and people have stopped in looking for help , he said , to pay utility bills and buy groceries .
" I know right now there are anxieties , " Nguyen said .
" When the oyster shops close , it adds a lot of stress . "
More than 230 families received about 10,000 pounds of food at a recent giveaway held at the church .
On the other side of Mobile Bay , another pastor , Alan McBride at Orange Beach United Methodist , said , " What I have observed over the last four to five weeks is that there 's greater anger and great frustration being expressed . "
He said , " Kind of concurrent with Rookie Kruse 's suicide , it seemed to me we really needed to provide some local support . "
The Orange Beach church plans to offer free support services to those who may need someone to talk to .
There are two ministers and 11 lay ministers available to listen , even in the evenings .
" We want to provide an easily available outlet for people to vent , " McBride said .
" Share with them hope ; approach it from that perspective .
Someone they can talk to and trust in a confidential setting . "
More information is available at the church , 251-981-6751 .
State and local mental health officials are working to create programs in Mobile and Baldwin counties to offer further counseling services .
They hope to be able to send teams door - to - door in the areas most affected by the oil spill .
Beginning Wednesday , Parker said , counselors from AltaPointe will be available daily at the Bayou La Batre Community Center until there is no longer a need .
There will also be representatives from the American Red Cross and Catholic Social Services , among others , she said .
Picou likened the situation to a marathon .
" We have potentially millions of people who will be affected and hundreds of communities , " he said Friday .
" We 're in day 67 .
We had the first suicide in Alaska four years after the spill . "
In sports , everyone is a winner — some people just win better than others .
Like ESPN , which is reporting that LeBron James will declare his intentions Thursday during a one - hour special televised by ESPN , according to ESPN 's sources .
Advertisement
Chad Ford still has a day or so , but I have a feeling the following will go down as the single most preposterous sentence written or uttered during all of LeBronukkah :
LeBron James is planning to announce the team with which he will sign during a one - hour special on ESPN Thursday night , ESPN The Magazine 's Chris Broussard has learned through independent sources .
Advertisement
This month has been so full of so many cartwheeling absurdities — a favorite : The New York Times 's " done deal " reporter ( a very good one , at that ) writing three days later that " speculation mounts , along with the rumors " — but this one wins out over all .
First off , an hour ?
How long does it take to say , " I 'm all yours , Cleveland " ?
A whole hour ?
Is the news conference being held on the S.S. Minnow ?
And consider further : ESPN is televising a by now galactically newsworthy event , one made galactically newsworthy in no small part due to ESPN 's own coverage , and one that will be reported on breathlessly by ESPN itself and whose outcome will have an enormous impact on the value of ESPN 's television contract with the NBA .
Word of this show was broken by an ESPN reporter , and ESPN.com felt obliged to note that it came from " independent sources , " lest it appear that ESPN The News Division was unduly hyping ESPN The Network 's programming , even though that 's precisely what it does all the time .
( Off the top of my head : ESPN The Magazine 's tortured efforts to pretend it was covering the Arena Football League for reasons other than that it was televised by ESPN . )
Whatever firewall might 've once stood between ESPN 's news and entertainment divisions fell long ago , and it 's always comical to watch the company go through the elaborate charade of pretending it still exists .
( We asked ESPN for comment and were told it would have none at this time .
We 'll just wait for further coverage of ESPN by ESPN 's reporters . )
I do n't begrudge ESPN the scoop or even the show itself , and I think we all long ago accepted that watching ESPN is not unlike watching a dog lick itself all day .
Hell , in a lot of ways , this is the perfect way for the LeBron sweepstakes to end — with a news event staged by the very people reporting the story .
For the past month , we 've been buffeted along on wave after fat wave of manufactured news , trial balloons , " done deals " that everyone involved knew were n't actually " done " — all of it reported straightfacedly and with a sort of faux innocence by people who were and are as much a part of the wheeling - and - dealing as the folks in their Rolodexes .
Unseemly as it is , the LeBron James Variety Hour will at least drop the facade and make plain the central fact of the LeBronathon : that all along , wittingly or unwittingly , the people covering it have merely been playing tinkly pianos in a very big whorehouse .
Sources : LeBron decision Thursday [ ESPN ]
Interview with Glorious Times Editors Alan Moses and Brian Pattison 2009
by Bradley Smith
So can you give me the back ground on Glorious Times ?
I mean , what is it ?
How did the idea to write the book come about ?
And who do you have contributing ?
Brian – “ Glorious Times : A Pictorial of the Death Metal Scene ( 1984-1991 ) ” is a book we ’re compiling which is a combination of rare / unseen pictures combined with the personal memories / stories from the people and bands of the era .
So , you have things like never before published pictures of a 1985 Massacre rehearsal and personal stories from Kam Lee about the early days of Massacre .
The idea for the book came about through an off the cuff remark that Alan made .
Alan and I were exchanging emails and he was asking me first about my old cassette tapes ( demo ’s , rehearsals , bootlegs ) from back in the late 1980 ’s , then he started inquiring about any pics I might have .
At that point , I honestly did not know if I even had any pics remaining from those days .
I dug through a few boxes and among the first pics I found were that of Autopsy from “ A Day of Death ” .
Looking at those pics I noticed a familiar figure across the stage in several of my pictures , so I scanned those first and email them to Alan to verify that the image was him .
He got a great kick out of that then dug up his own pics of Autopsy from that show and sure enough in a few of his pics there I was across the stage .
I scanned a few more for Alan ( Morbid Angel , Nuclear Death , Fatal , Deceased and others ) and he was extremely happy with them and expressed to me how rare they were .
As we discussed them , he then said something about keeping a book of them handy to look through and remember those days .
I thought that was a fantastic idea and we started discussing making a book , but at that point it seemed highly unlikely that we ’d be able to pull it off .
Discussions continued and we thought of asking old friends for stories to put with the pics so that the book could be something that we could pick up over and over and read the stories to remember our old friends and the times we shared .
As we started to ask more people , they all stated what a great idea it was and that they were honoured that we asked them .
So far we have contributions from Kam Lee ( Death / Massacre ) , John ( Lethal Aggression ) , King ( Deceased ) , Joel ( Nuclear Death ) , Mike Browning ( Morbid Angel / Nocturnus ) , Richard Brunelle ( Morbid Angel ) , Dennis John ( Tirant Sin ) , Alex ( Cannibal Corpse ) , Lars ( Vomit ) and a bunch more .
We started up a myspace page for the book to keep post updates and such on Sept. 22 , and at that point things just exploded and have sped up exponentially .
The myspace page has resulted in more promises of stories and pics and has given a bit of a kick in the ass to those who have been slow to turn in their promised stories .
Alan - ' Glorious Times ' is a book , specifically a pictorial book that concentrates on just that - our glorious times .
Other people have whatever it is that are their glorious times , it might be playing high school ball and making 4 touchdowns in a single game ( like Al Bundy ) or getting their driver 's licenses the day they were old enough - you know , whatever people hold dear .
For Brian and I though , it is something else - part of a life we 've lived and shared with many others - and that happens to be the Death Metal scene .
The idea came up when we had been back in touch maybe 6 months ago - and we were catching up about all the happenings ( life ) and the subject just sort of came to old photos .
Each of us asking if the other still had them , and as time went on we started to talk about certain shared memories of those old days that we treasure - and talking to each other about events that the other was n't party to .
No different than you and I do Brad .
There were a lot of tears too , hehehe , when relaying the amounts of documentation and photos etc that did n't survive the years .
I cannot believe how much is GONE from our collections for one reason or another .
One of the conversations was about the photos , and I mentioned that I was ' doctoring up ' many old rare and unseen photos to share with people on my private myspace page - and Brian went and dug up all his stuff and started sharing it with me .
As time went on I mentioned just how extremely rare our shared collections are - ' historically significant documents ' is how I think I have described the items in question .
I 've often said that many of the books that have somehow been published lack anything interesting in the way of photos , and have even been asked by a great many people both inside and outside of music if I 'd ever write a book ( just of my exploits in the USA ) - but of course who'd want to read anything like that anyways ?
The book Paul Speckmann has written but publishers wo n't invest in right now , surely , or the forthcoming book about the UKHC scene , but not something about me .
So I made an off the cuff comment to Brian that together we had all the makings of a photo book - never realizing that he would go away and stew on that and come back to me saying he wanted to do it , but with a twist .
The twist is to bring life to the photos from the perspective of those that lived it too , the band members and individuals who shared those glorious times with us , the people that you would drag a photo album of such material out to show - the result being commentaries starting about ' I remember when ...'
It 's no different when you sit with family and look through an old photo album - the concept is exactly the same , except this ' photo album ' has some written commentary of whatever personal fond memories other people involved have today , from yesterday .
The more Brian and I discussed it , and the further we delved into the possibilities - the more we understood that once and for all these stories need to be told , on whatever level we can get them told anyways .
Nobody is getting any younger , and some of us have already fallen , with more to come - so it 's vastly important that this intertwined phenomenon that touched so many lives , and WAS life for so many others like us get a voice before it 's too late .
If we do n't then our stories will continue to be misrepresented in the form of most of the other books out there today .
There 's quite a family tree involved I assure you , from all sorts of places and musical styles within the extreme music entity of the pioneering period , which I believe Brian has well and truly covered here .
Can you give me an insight into your credentials ?
What makes you two a credible authority to put Glorious Times out ?
I know that you , Alan , ran the Morbid Angel fan club , Covenant of Death , back in the day ?
Anything else of note ?
Brian –
Once I started going to local shows in Buffalo I knew I wanted to be involved .
I started making friends with the local bands , which at the time included the likes of Cannibal Corpse and Baphomet ( later changed to Banished ) , then began to tape trade with people such as Lars Rosenberg of Carbonized .
Those early experiences of making friends with the bands and tape trading pushed me in the direction of starting a ‘ zine ( Chainsaw Abortions ) .
At the same time I was attending Buffalo State College where there was a great college radio station ( WBNY ) .
The DJ at the time was Psycho ( Mark Abramson now with Roadrunner Records ) , so I began to hang out at the station and got to know Mark who at the time shared an apartment with Alex Webster of Cannibal Corpse .
Mark got the job offer at Roadrunner and let me know that the metal show would be lacking a DJ , so I started training to be a DJ and after my hours of training were done and I got my FCC license I took over reigns of the metal show at WBNY .
All the while maintaining and growing my friendships with local bands as well as those from the Pittsburgh and NY city areas .
These friendships led to me being a co-promoter of several shows in Buffalo , including “ A Day of Death ” in 1990 .
Alan -
I could comment on Brian 's credentials but I wo n't - that 's his side to tell clearly .
As for me , well you know that while I was living in Australia I was a trader ( records , audio tapes , video , t- shirts and everything else pretty much ) and also had my own little ' zine called BUTTFACE .
BUTTFACE was just a way to give my voice to the scene , and I did it all pretty much on my own , although my co-Editor Stuart Maitland contributed some interviews and reviews , the bulk of all the work was mine and I was glad to do it .
There were no real zines in Australia then , certainly not ones getting out onto the international scene ( I never have ever seen a single fanzine except for a few thin ones from the old hardcore scene from Australia ) , and no trading to the international magnitude Stuart Maitland and I were doing , of this I am 100 % certain .
Things developed further and although there were a few excellent bands here - I was n't prepared to just sit and wait for things to happen , so I went and got a slave job working like a dog in a factory to save money to get to the US and Canada for a vacation .
1990 rolled around and I made it out there , but got delayed from Canada because MORBID ANGEL offered me to come on a small US tour , and at the same time there was a bit of chatter about maybe going to work for NAPALM DEATH .
But I chose to go with the morbid ones , and during that tour got offered employment with their management , and after the vacation I returned to Australia to get my stuff together and leave for good .
I packed up what I could bring , and at 20 years old left a career I could have pursued , a family , a few friends and a way of life behind .
Does that make me an authority to do this then ?
- yeah I think I 'm OK to be involved with the project .
I timed my return EXACTLY to attend the legendary A DAY OF DEATH which Brian helped organize , a day of true infamy for the scene - Saturday October 20 1990 .
By all this time I had accrued a lot of contacts and friends , Brian being one of those who had also helped me out when I had financed a record for AGATHOCLES .
I did a few tours as MORBID ANGEL'S merchandiser and roadie ( along with the only other roadie back then , the original Joe King ) , and yes , ran the Covenant Of Death also .
That was of course until my wife at that time ( now deceased ) stole all the money from the COD account and forced me to relinquish that to Trey , a treachery impossible to heal or recover from , and one most people know nothing about .
I also worked at ACES RECS which was the biggest extreme music record store in the entire Southern United States .
How has it been trying to coordinate with all these death metal luminaries and get their contributions for the book ?
How did you go about selecting who would contribute and what all did they offer , just pics , or stories , or interviews , or what ?
Is it frustrating trying to get everyone to meet your deadline ?
Brian –
It has been a great experience , partly because many were friends back then and we have shared memories .
The process of selecting who to contact has been pretty easy , we started with friends , then just went through our pics and when we saw we had exceptionally great / rare pics of certain bands we would then seek them out .
Most have offered up whatever we wanted ; from great stories to rare pics to unreleased material for a possible bonus cd .
The deadline has n’t been as frustrating as I ’ve expected , there are of course still those that will push it to the very limit , but enough others have stepped up and submitted their stuff before the deadline that it ’s keeping me quite busy .
Alan - Difficult ?
hehehe
Yeah really difficult sometimes to get it all together , not with everybody though , some folks are right on the ball and in fact were so months before we even started working on the official myspace site .
Chris Reifert said it right when he said it 's just always frustrating when you gotta deal with other people - could n't be truer .
I have a lot of respect for people like Gunter Ford ( Morbid Angel - World Management ) - just imagine the shit he had to do with no internet for what amounted to the first band of extreme nature to be signed to a major !
When I get pissed or frustrated , I tend to think of him and Dieter back in the day - then it does n't seem so bad at all hahaha .
It was easy as hell to figure who we wanted , most of them are our friends anyways , and those who are not our friends are our associates in one way or another .
Like kissin ' cousins hahahaha - I mean , you know we are all family on one level or another , so it 's just a matter of being able to reach someone and them have the time to help .
There 's a million things going on with everyone else too - so that adds to the value of the project .
Let it be known though that almost every dam one of them has said our book is essential , and they want in .
It 's another thing if they get in - you know , there 's contracts and tours , family , new babies , deaths in the family and every other thing that can get in the way of something simple like writing a couple paragraphs of favourite memories .
Others though seem more content to say they are busy and just sit on facebook posting updates on the temperature of their bath water .
You'd be surprised though , a lot of people HAVEN'T let anything get in the way and have stuck with us ( like Alex Webster ) and delivered whilst on a major tour , real heroes !
Then there are others that we could n't ask because of management contracts and every dam ' right ' you could think of - so unfortunately some of those folks wo n't appear - it 's nothing personal just business .
Well , we are not an interview book .
That 's so far away from what GLORIOUS TIMES is , and if someone gets the book expecting that , then they are in for a hell of a disappointment .
You can read interviews everywhere these days and buy many books with attempted histories of the entire thing and educate yourself in complete mistakes as much as you care to - what you can't read are a lot of the personal stories and indulge in all of the rare unseen photos .
Some bands have only had to relay those memories because we 've had photos anyways , others have done both - offered photos and stories , and some have gone so far as to mail us their entire collections of audio material for file sourcing purposes ( because of the CD we have in store for pre-paid orders ) and scrapbooks full of photos so we can get the photos exactly to the resolution we need to have them in , and Brian returns the favour by returning the materials and a digitized copy of everything .
It 's an heroic effort , not just by us , but by our friends and colleagues who share this unique life with us .
I am very proud , not just of the book and Brian , but of all those folks who have shown their admiration for our idea and support in contribution .
Are there any materials you would like to include in the book but unfortunately cannot ?
What are they are what are some of the reasons you can’t ?
Brian –
We ’re still putting it together , but I ’m sure there will be stuff we would have liked to include but will end up not using .
Some photos that have been contributed wo n’t be used because they are low res and will look terrible after being printed .
Personally , I ’m pretty certain we wo n’t be using any of my pics of Godflesh , and I think those are some of the best that I took , capturing Joe Caper and Barney Greenway watching from the side of the stage .
Other great pics wo n’t be used because we ca n’t locate the original photographer to get permission .
Alan - OH YEAH , there 's alot of stuff we want to have in the book and can't .
Logos for one thing , unfortunately some of those are now corporate ones hahahaha , so we'd be paying more than we'd ever make working day jobs just to print a few of the band 's logos .
There are a couple of photos I have too that would more than likely get me sued if I printed , I mean I was mailed them in 1986 or 1987 but because I do n't possess the negatives I 'd get buttfucked in court if anyone decided to bitch , others will remain unseen for other reasons .
Some of the other things would be some classic pictures that we did not take ourselves but the resolutions are too low so no printer will touch them , or photos that are exceptionally candid , the subjects of which would probably not be happy about the public seeing hehehe .
How do you feel the death metal scene has changed from the days you are glorifying in the book and the present one ?
Do you ever get nostalgic for the old days and do you feel this book is a reflection of that feeling ?
Brian –
The scene we ’re showing in our book was all new and unharmed by the interactions with major labels .
The genre was so new that in many cities you could n’t have shows that were all death metal bands so you ’d have aggressive hardcore bands or thrash bands on the bill too .
Now , you see these tours and festivals going on that have nothing but death metal .
I love death metal , but if all I had to hear were 13 bands in a row sounding really similar I ’d get quite bored .
The old days here in Buffalo were great , you ’d go to this really small club ( the River Rock Cafe ) and you ’d see 2 or 3 different styles of music on the same bill all the time and that would gain each style new fans .
In Buffalo it was not uncommon to find hardcore kids at the death metal shows or metalheads at the hardcore shows .
Then the Skyroom opened and the scene got even better because now you were n’t just stuck with the River Rock that could hold about 200 people , you now had the Skyroom that could hold in excess of 700 .
How great the combined hardcore and death metal scenes in Buffalo had become really is exemplified by the last show at the Skyroom .
It was an all local band show – Cannibal Corpse , Baphomet , Zero Tolerance and Snapcase ( 2 death metal and 2 hardcore bands ) – and it drew to the clubs capacity ( in excess of 700 ) , to put that in perspective , A Day of Death ( a mere 4 months earlier ) drew a great crowd ( biggest for any death fest of the time ) of a little over 600 people .
Of course I get nostalgic , it was great times with great friends at a time when everything was new so you quickly made friends with the bands , ‘ zines , promoters ... many bands that are now legendary were just starting out .
We got to see Mortician when John McEntee was still pulling double duty and playing in both Mortician and Incantation , we got to see the early line ups of bands like Acheron , Suffocation , Goreaphobia , and Immolation .
We were lucky enough to see bands that are legends now play in small clubs with less than 100 people in attendance .
Not only did we get to see them , but the scene was so small and new that we became friends with them and our shared memories of those times will last a lifetime .
20 years from now this generation will look back at these years and reminisce and refer to them as their golden years , their glorious times , but still those memories will pale in comparison to ours .
We saw the dawn of the genre , we were there when it started and when the new styles emerged from it ... it might seem egotistical to say that our times and memories are and will always be better , but when the book comes out and people see the pictures and read the stories they will have no doubt that those early years ( 1984 – 1991 ) were indeed Glorious Times .
Alan -
One thing I want to clarify is that I think there are almost 2 scenes .
There 's the new one - that is the one that 's newbies , and then there 's the other which is personified by organizations such as NYDM .
The latter smacks of something that survived the old days and has taken root into the present from the past .
Those people are amazing , and are taking the HERESY adage ' Network Of Friends ' into practice ( at least that 's the way I see it ) .
I do n't think that the old scene was anywhere near as concerned about recording contracts or ' fame ' - but it is what I have noticed the younger crowd are preoccupied with for the most part .
Alot of them have a rude awakening in store because you can bust your asses for decades and never get any more recognition than you did as a demo band .
I love Vincent Crowley 's stand point on that subject and agree with it totally .
I was speaking with Sharon from DERKETA about the book a few weeks ago over the phone , and she so truly underlined the sentiment that we are a family .
There 's direct relationships , indirect relationships , friends , family acquaintance and even enemies , it 's all biological .
Does it exist in the new scene , if you want to even call it that ?
If it does I just do n't SEE it , it is n't so much of a part of the thing that it is manifested outwardly , like a culture manifests itself from the souls of a race of people does .
You , Brad , so rightfully labelled it as ' plastic ' and I like to employ your reference to such matters myself these days .
So thanks for the concept description - now how much mechanical rights and intangible ethereal rights do we have to pay your attorneys to use the word ' plastic ' again ?
hehehehe
Alan , I know helped mentor me somewhat in my musical development in my early days .
But for those of us without a knowledgeable person to help , how would you advise a scene newbie to follow “ the right path ? ”
Also what is your attitude today towards newbies and how did you feel about them back in the day ?
I know a lot of people have a great disdain towards people who are new to the scene .
Brian – Times are much much different now .
A new band can start , record one song and thanks to things like myspace , facebook , youtube and various other sites on the web , they can have their music heard ‘ round the world on the same day they create it .
Back in the 1980 ’s if you wanted to hear some new underground band you had to trade tapes for it or send cash through the mail and then wait weeks to get it .
If you really wanted to stay on top of the scene back then you had to make sure you had correspondence with people from all over the world ..
I was corresponding with Alan in Australia , Lars of Carbonized from Sweden , people in Greece , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , the UK , Canada , Brazil , Chile , France , Belgium ...
I was spending a small fortune on postage , just to keep up on things .
Now , that ’s simply not necessary , you can find just about anything you want on the internet with just a little bit of looking , and many times you can just download their music , sadly many times it ’s crapped down to ( e ) mp( ty ) 3 , but it ’s all out there to check out .
I ’m old school so I would advise newbies to do things the same way that we did , seek out new bands then not only buy their demo tapes / cds , but also write to them , and to do the same thing with ‘ zines ( online or printed ) .. get in touch with the editors and establish friendships .
Alan and I did that 20 years ago , and here we are now in contact again and regaining contacting with old friends and picking up those friendships all over .
To me that made the music and times back then so much more special , these were n’t just some band I liked , they were friends .
Alan -
You can sort of tell from a person when they are interested in something , and come to ask you for your opinion .
One of my pet peeves is being bothered by someone for my opinion , but they do n't want to listen or only want to hear from me what they want to hear .
When I get that vibe I recoil and leave it unattended for sure , in any part of life .
There 's been some rewarding experiences from unveiling the world of extreme music to youngsters , Jason Kiss from ADVENT ABORTUS for an example .
I met him working at a school he attended in Florida , he was like 12 then and is now completely entrenched in the scene .
He 's active in alot of projects , can play various instruments , has a healthy interest in extreme music from many angles , and above all has become self - educated in the whole thing , therefore he unfurled his own history and has a massively healthy respect for the pioneering days across the board .
If I shunned newbies , who knows where he'd have ended up ?
Probably already rich as hell with gorgeous bits of tottie in this massive stable ... but he chose this path hehehe
In all seriousness though , everyone has to start somewhere , and for the newbie to get an education they have to watch how they ask things and have gotta show some respect and make an effort to educate themselves too .
Like an apprenticeship almost .
Maybe the hardcore old day 's apprenticeship training is needed , like I got in the USA being beaten across the back with a piece of galvanzied pipe toting heavy ass reels of electrical wire - to see if I 'd cry like a wuss and quit .
We would n't probably have too many new people interested in the music though come to think of it hehe .
Back in the day I was a little hard on the newbies , but only because of their incessant continuance to suckle at the teat of the big glossy magazines that back then only catered to THE BIG 4 ( which was of course SLAYER , METALLICA , MEGADETH and ANTHRAX closely to be followed by other bands ) - and all the while those same magazines hurled shit at MAYHEM , MORBID ANGEL , NAPALM DEATH as an example .
Today many of those same bands are now the darlings of the same mags that slung shit in their faces , now that there 's vast sums of money to be made .
The young crowd has no idea this is the case , as they parade about the place in their CRADLE OF FILTH and LAMB OF GOD shirts .
The bands in some cases have changed names but the attitude remains the same in this respect .
But of course with MORBID ANGEL and their well deserved major label deal with Giant , the writing was on the wall that the cycle had repeated itself , and it did just that .
This vast corporate cash machine was born - and with it had been groomed a massive army of consumers ready to eat as much soilent green as could be thrown at them , all the while believing it was gourmet cuisine .
Obviously Morbid Angel made a huge impact on you Alan , but what bands from the early days do you feel “ changed your life ? ”
And what made these bands so special and set them apart from other bands at the time ?
Are there any acts worth following these days ?
Brian – I got into this a little later than Alan , only really discovering the underground in about 1989 .
But , for me the moment that changed my life was picking up this cassette compilation that Hit Parade magazine released in 1985 , “ The Wild Bunch ” .
The tape had mostly mediocre 1980 ’s metal / thrash bands but listening to the tape and get to the 4th song on side 2 and just knew that was it , this was the band .
The song was “ Burning in Hell ” by Possessed , faster and far heavier than anything else on the tape , I began listening to the tape by just fast forwarding beyond the rest to hear the Possessed track .
That was the moment for me , from that point on I began seeking out heavier and faster bands and started to go to underground shows in Buffalo in early 1989 .
At one of those shows ( Bloodfeast , I think ) I found some flyers sitting on a table for a Swedish band – Carbonized .
This would be my first demo tape purchase and the beginning of years of tape trading , ‘ zine editing , concert promotions and just general correspondence with people from all over the world ... coming to its peak on October 20 , 1990 at “ A Day of Death ” in Buffalo , a show I helped to promote .
For that one day , Buffalo was the center of the death metal world .
All of that happened because of that first hearing of Possessed .
As for following bands now , I ’m sure there are some worth following , but I ’ve yet to hear any new metal band that grabs me like those of the late 1980 ’s did .
I still very much follow Deceased , Mortician and a few others that were around back then that remained , but of the newer breed there is just nothing that grabs me by the throat and demands to be heard ... maybe it ’s out there and I just have n’t heard it yet .
Alan - Certainly , I owe MORBID ANGEL everything in this respect .
Bands from the earlier period like RAZOR , the early West German bands that wore the crowns , INSANITY and GENOCIDE ( who became REPULSION ) , SIEGE , NIHILIST , CRYPTIC SLAUGHTER and WEHRMACHT , the unholy trinity of bands from Los Angeles MAJESTY / TERRORIZER / NAUSEA and REGURGITATION ( who became Old Lady Drivers ) definitely wrested me away from the mainstream , as did HERESY , RIPCORD , EXTREME NOISE TERROR , NAPALM DEATH and the whole UK phenomenon in general really .
From my own country the major culprit would have to be MASSAPPEAL .
These I would say are the main bands that revolutionized my vision towards music in general and extreme music specifically .
The bottom line is that all of these bands were bringing something really unique to the table , and the equation that still astounds me today is the sheer youth of the musicians , and how bloody good they were .
Innovative and adventurous , really pushing the envelope and at the same time there was this DNA stamp all over their music that was impossible to confuse with anyone else .
There was not so much a genre as there were bands for the most part , even though we still got trapped in labelling bands for reference which is like an ugly necessity sometimes , especially regarding the press , and by that I mean everything including the home made photocopied ' zines .
Well Brad , lately it 's been yourself and Brian , Joel Whitfield ( Nuclear Death ) and Lars Sorbekk ( Vomit ) who have been recommending alot of bands , and some are misses , while some are big hits with me ( read KOLDBRANN and SLEEPYTIME GORILLA MUSEUM ) .
Of course there 's bands out there I personally think are worth keeping an eye on , and I do just that .... I am not going to mention pioneering bands still going , but rather newer bands whether they consist of older or younger members - they are DISFLESH ( Spain ) , GERIATRIC UNIT ( UK ) , VIOLENT ARREST ( UK ) , PUNCH ( California ) , NIGHTSTICK JUSTICE ( from the US but can't recall what state right now ) - same goes for COKE BUST , SWAMP ( Greece ) , ADVENT ABORTUS ( Texas ) , MAUS ( Australia ) , OPPROBRIUM ( FL ) and EXPOSE YOUR HATE ( Brazil ) to mention a few that I am REALLY watching with extreme interest at the moment .
I love the underground blogs and am a frequent visitor to many of them , I even contribute to a very special blog called LOCKJAW sometimes .
I try hard to buy music when I stumble onto a band - and have done so with a great many , buying everything PUNCH put out in every format they offered at the time .
Watch for them , they are simply amazing - they are TRULY sick - tight !
When we were hanging out black metal was starting its rise in the underground .
How do you feel that Black metal affected the death metal underground ?
And on top of that how do you think that death metal affected Thrash before it ?
Do you think that metal is cyclical like so many other people do or do you feel it is ever evolving and where is it headed next ?
Brian – Black metal was just another branch , a logical progression of metal .
Any form of music will splinter and change / diversify as time progresses .
The Norwegian bands just drew a larger influence from the very early death metal bands and took it to a new extreme musically , lyrically and visually .
Metal is both ever evolving and cyclical ... each new generation that comes along has different influences from the previous generation and their music will show that .
Metal has always fallen in and out of popularity , when times get a bit darker metal gets more popular .
Like now with most of the world in a recession / depression metal is gaining in popularity once again .
Alan -
Yeah , that was during the initial ' putsch ' was n't it ?
hehe I would gather that there was a definite amount of influence from either scene on the other - without a doubt , that 's great if it 's utilized well of course and could only help further evolutionary mutations spring forth .
Same with the death bands - but I think the presence of the cash machine sort of bungled the biological natural selection for the black metal bands and the death bands too for a while and there was alot of mutation dying off that would have survived if left alone by the influence of the dollar .
I think the black metal phenomenon was accepted alot faster by the corporate multinationals than anything previously , although it was spat on by the same vampires until they realized how to profit from it .
Each new evolution sort of overshadowed the previous for a while as far as popularity , but then again the multinationals are part of why that 's the case - not so much that the music was actually being accepted by fans I think .
People might not have been devouring new music all the time in the 20 + years after the glorious times , but they dam sure had a staple diet of classics that I am certain got frequent play all the way through .
Still though , it is sort of cyclic , and being ' retro ' is sort of a fashion , administered by the cash masters just as they brought back platform shoes and flared trousers , leave enough of a gap in time and the next generation of consumer will believe what 's available is actually new - rather than just the same thing 2 generations down the road .
Sometimes I wonder where it will all head , and I did when so many of those sort of bands I mentioned above hit me hard with their music - I do n't think there 's any way to tell .
Nonetheless there will be innovators that create something a bit different - how it manifests itself is impossible to foresee .
John Verica , one of the old timers who watched the whole glory day from through a video camera as he recorded a visual testimony to the whole era summed it up nicely when he said that it's a shame that the scene passes through its paradigm shifts .
Alan , when I met you , you were working at the legendary Tampa metal record store , Ace ’s Records .
Can you tell me about that experience as working in a record store is a dream job for most metal heads ?
How was it working with other such notable death metal artists like James Murphy and David Vincent ?
And what were some of your most memorable experiences there ?
Alan -
That much is true also , we did meet when I was still employed at ACES .
I owe all that to David Vincent and Joe King who were both working there on weekends at the time .
Back then we were only open on weekends and based out of the Oldsmar Flea Market which is West of Tampa .
It was a dream for me , because I needed a fucking job hahahaha .
Seriously though I was starving and living from the little money I made doing the Covenant and selling rare ass t- shirts out of my suitcases - whatever happened and exactly how I do n't really know - but David and Joe put in the good word for me to the founder / owner Frank Dansecs .
Frank knew me from my initial visits out there dropping shit loads of money down on a ton of records , and he'd been told I knew my shit about the underground which was just starting to bubble through into ' consciousness ' via more albums being released .
So because of my credentials and close ties to certain key people ( I guess , in Frank 's eyes ) he took me on because he felt I was essential to bridging the gap between this new music phenomenon and the prospective customers .
The beauty of all that era was meeting people , customers I mean , some of whom I am still in touch with today .
It was also advantageous to go hunting for tail too .
Of course another benefit was meeting various band members , not that they stopped in all the time ( which is a common misconception ) , or band members who were passing through on tour .
It was all pioneering of course so every day was different .
I never really ' worked ' with David there though , he more stopped by and hung out , you know as a bit of a celebrity to draw people from what I remember .
James on the other hand was a full employee and he came to work just like us , although of course he was utilized in just the exact same way and for the same reasons as David , that is undeniable fact .
James was great to work with and a real friend , he had a quirky sense of humour and sometimes it was impossible to get shit done .
I still remember this weird guy coming in wearing a hair piece and glasses , the hair piece was all flat down the side of his head and obviously fake , but we were not sure if they guy knew what it really looked like .
He would come in and want to talk shop with James , which was funny to see because some of the guys ' opinions were pretty far out there ( not just about music either ) - and he had this bizarre addiction to the WEHRMACHT CD ' Biermacht ' - which of course is an amazing pioneer of a musical adventure - but this dude was obsessive .
I mean he bought every fucking one we had !
Then he begged Frank to order more from Anne at New Renaissance , and bought all those too - he was freaking out I tell you , he must have had 50 copies of this single WEHRMACHT release .
He was absolutely convinced of it's uniqueness ( unarguable fact as it is ) but completely paranoid that if anything were to happen to one of them , he must have dozens more as a safety net .
As insane as that is - that 's proving loyalty to the Macht alright .
James and I would go on and on for hours and hours mimicking the way the dude walked and talked and dry hump copies of the CD this guy had n't found out we just got back in stock as this long running gag about this strange fuckin cat that probably ran off and started a cult somewhere before turning them all into soup .
James also one day was gas bagging to Krgin on the phone about the new FEAR FACTORY which was their debut about to be released by Monte Connor .
I loved that FF demo , many of us did , ASSUCK and the Brandon Crew for a start , and I just sort of shouted something like " hey man - I know you and Morbid do n't get along and all - do n't blame me dude , I just work for them hehehehe - can you send me one , hey James get him to send me one ehhe " and Krgin DID .
I 've never met him , never spoken to him , but I still recall that and I 've never forgotten that .
EVER .
I always hold a place for his VIOLENT NOIZE zine days and that 's pioneering itself given its early days ( to me superior to Metal Forces from the UK ) .
I asked him to be a part of our book - to share some of his special memories as a bit of a salute and thank you to him , but it was a long shot and of course we never heard from him .
There 's a ton of memories to share - and that would make a bit of a book , but nobody would care to read it .
Amazingly there were even various people that came to Tampa on holiday ( either for the music in ater years , or stopping by on their way to Disney with their families ) and looked me up via ACES , I do n't know why or how they knew of me because in every case I had no idea who they were beforehand .
Needless to say , it kept my family fed , and was a part of my glorious times so I thank David , Joe and Frank for getting me taken care of , and then all the people I met along the way .
One of whom , Mike Alvarez , a roadie for BRUTALITY was a huge part of my life , and still today one of my greatest friends , he was a witness to my first marriage , and just a massive part of my life .
Alan , you moved from Australia to Tampa Florida , the Death metal capital of the world .
Can you describe that journey and how Tampa met your expectations and how it failed ?
Did you help show around any “ metal ” visitors when they came and what was their impression of Tampa ?
How did you make the trip more METAL for them ?
Heh heh .
Alan - I had no reservations and have no regrets .
It was a totally natural thing to do for me .
Well come to think of it I do actually regret not making it to California and Oregon ( CS / Macht etc had basically broken up by then ) and Arizona for Lori , Joel and Phil ( Nuclear Death ) and Vegas ( Mitch had left by then too ) and finally Montreal ( I had over 100 pen pals in that province of Quebec alone back then ) - they were on my original itinerary but all that got scrapped once Richard Brunelle called me in Ft. Lauderdale .
I was partying with Phil and MALEVOLENT forever , and actually went back for Spring Break so that was 2 visits there during my first trip to the US .
Richard called to tell me Mitch was in town with NAPALM and after me , and to ask if I wanted to go on tour with them - so that changed the course of my life forever .
Adjusting was hard sometimes , I mean to American life .
I never felt like an ' Aussie ' so to speak , I have never used all the lingo and never carried on like alot of them do when they go to the US , you know , really plying an accent and trying to be all different and interesting - but still there are things that send one into a type of cultural shock .
It happened to Laurent Ramadier who went to the states from France at 18 , 2 years younger than I went , but for basically the same dam reasons - MORBID ANGEL .
So the adjustment problems were n't so much just being foreign , although of European descent like most of the people , but being young and a bit inexperienced to compound that .
I basically did my growing up and maturing in the US , so that further alienates me from Australian society although I am back now .
I must say though that I do n't think it 's quite fair to say that Tampa was / is the DM Capital , when there 's some major playing countries from the same era , Brazil , Sweden , UK , Canada ... but then I guess Tampa pretty much was straight death metal for the most part huh ?
I dunno - I just do n't think of it like that .
I was into as many or more bands from any of those other places I mentioned just a minute ago .
If MORBID ANGEL had stayed in NY when they tried to move up there , well then I 'd have been centered there .
Tampa did n't fail me at all , and I had no real expectation other than to meet my friends and associates , which I did .
Tampa and the people that took me into their fraternity as an undisputed equal , having paid my dues , actually provided me with far more experience than anyone could ask for or expect .
For that , any of you reading this , I humbly thank you from the bottom of my heart .
You 'll know who you are and know what you did for me .
Except of course the guy that stole from me and my orderers when I financed the AGATHOCLES ' Fascination Of Mutilation ' live 7 " flexi - I 've had YOU in the cross hairs of my Maddi many times and decided not to pull the trigger .
I did a lot of promo for ACES through the Covenant in the early days , when Earache had no US identity yet , they were forging little distribution deals with In - Effect and Combat .
Frank from ACES was doing alot of promotion and let me use many of his industry contacts for my newsletter .
That brought the store to the attention of the Covenant members , or conversely , they might have seen a video that featured David Vincent from the flea market days and that alerted them .
Once people came through Tampa and stopped by , depending on how I got along with them ( ie apprenticeship hehe ) I would offer them a bit of an inside look , or flat out palm them off onto friends like Mike Alvarez when I just did not have the time ( working and raising someone else 's little girl ) .
Poor Mike - he 's really the unsung hero here - he did way more for the visiting fans than I did , I just played middle man .
That was great though , because this network of friends really helped to make the experience a special one for some of these folks , adding to their glorious times .
Hopefully they came away with some happy memories that they still cherish today because I do .
In later years I did the same thing with a couple really cool guys who wrote letters in to the Covenant , I picked the best ones from the outlying areas and invited them to my home for an all expenses paid type royal treatment .
Jeremy Holcombe and Richard ' Ryan ' Teale - friends to this day by the way .
I did n't announce it , it was n't some sort of weenie minded competition , I just surveyed the letters and made up my mind about who ( from the letters coming in from Florida ) displayed to me that they really GOT what the band was about , that they understood and could connect to Trey 's agenda .
I did the same sort of thing with you Brad , you were always welcome to my home and did in fact stop by even before you shipped out for your own new adventures in the military .
Nothing has changed and the door is still open to you if you were to ring that door bell .
I know there are tons of stories that you guys had while in the underground that involved bands and the death metal scene , but if you could choose one in particular experience that really stands out to you that is interesting or funny or whatever and share it with the rest of us ?
( Blood weed comes to mind Alan , heh heh ) .
Brian –
One that stands out in my memory is seeing Disharmonic Orchestra play in a basement in Belle Vernon , PA in 1990 .
Back then I had regular correspondence with a bunch of people from Pittsburgh and went there often for shows , enough that a few people that I met at shows there thought that I lived in the Pittsburgh area .
I like collected concert flyers so I always asked people to use the back of flyers to write their letters to me , and one day a letter came from someone in Pittsburgh and the flyer they used was announcing an upcoming show for Disharmonic Orchestra in Belle Vernon ( a bit south of Pittsburgh ) , scheduled to play were also Bathym , Hideous Mangleus , Exit 13 and Rottrevore .
So , right away I sent for my ticket and arrange with Sean of Psychoslaughter ‘ zine to stay at his place the night of the show ( it was about 4 hours from the Buffalo area where I lived ) .
I arranged with Sean to meet at Eides records in Pittsburgh before the show .
Day of the show , two friends and I make the journey down to Pittsburgh and get to Eides records and quickly think of one fatal flaw in my plan that had been overlooked ... I had no idea what Sean looked like .
I knew Rob Tabachka ( Eviction ) who worked at Eides and happened to be working that day so I asked if he knew Sean , which as fate goes , he did not .
So , my friends and I just perused the metal section for a bit and Sean came up and found me , noticing that the records ( yes records , not cd’s ) we were looking at and being able to tell that we were n’t locals .
We exchanged the video tapes we were trading ( he gave me a kickass one that included Deceased playing at the Odyssey in Belle Vernon ) and then told me that his mother changed her mind and we could n’t stay there after all .
Well , we had driven that far and there was no way we were missing that show , even if we had to sleep in the car that night .
On to Belle Vernon and the Rotting Grandma Amphitheater as the venue was billed ( it was a kid ’s backyard ) .
We followed winding roads and up a small hill with dirt road to get there , parked amidst the others there .
Almost immediately we were greeted by a friend , Don Crotsley of Nun Slaughter , and he was our saviour .
We told him how we no longer had a place to stay and he graciously offered up his place for the night .
Then the show began , overcast day so we all feared the oncoming rain .
First up was Hideous Mangleus , whom if memory serves correctly actually got to finish an entire set .
Next up was Rottrevore , think they finished one or two songs then the rain started so they had to stop to wait out the rain .
The rain was short - lived so Rottrevore took the stage again , but again the rain came and they had to stop .
This happened a few more times before the rain became steady and we all had to wait it out in our cars .
The rain kept coming down and Exit 13 stated it was getting too late for them to play and they headed on home to eastern PA .
With no sign of the rain stopping it was decided to pack up Disharmonic Orchestras equipment and a little bit of the pa system and have that set up in the basement .
Once everything was set up and they were ready we all began to head into the house , at that moment Don stated aloud that this was something historical and should be taped .
He stated that he had a radio and asked if anyone had a blank tape .
As luck would have it I did have a blank tape with me so I got that and Don put it in his radio and to the basement we went .
Disharmonic Orchestra put on a great set and the sound was surprisingly great for them playing in a basement with pa only for the vocals .
I still have the original cassette used to record that show , along with the flyer and my ticket .
Alan - hahahaha ,
Well you made that easy for me did n't you old friend ?
hehe
There 's of course others like sweaty , sand filled undies , cheeto fingers and foggy car windows involving nameless Volley Club skanks , myself and Mitch Harris , but we wo n't go there because you want to hear about the blood weed haha .
We had met up with a prospective manager , Gunter Ford , on the road my first time in 1990 , and he formally introduced us to a band on his books called RIPPING CORPSE .
I 'd heard their demo and some live stuff but had no contact with them at all previously - and we were all just totally blown away by this bunch of lost boys .
They were unique and committed and lived the life and walked the walk and talked the talk , they were the real thing and musically quite isolated from any other band any of us could think of .
Throughout that entire tour we'd all play the fuck out of their demo and keep rewinding it to certain parts , playing it again , and just grin at each other and nobody had to say a single word .
Then it would get rewound and played again , and again and again , every time that sinister grin on everyone 's faces .
We met them and those of us who partied did so alongside them and they were gracious enough to allow us to use their practice space to warm up for the upcoming shows , and reciprocated with a private rehearsal - which can you imagine made me feel like one of the most fortunate men on Earth right then .
We played a few gigs at the start of that little mini - tour with them , then parted company , only to hook up again towards the end ... during this time we hung out in the basement of the Rhoades House which was this old 3 story home Shaune and Erik lived in , in Redbank NJ .
They had the basement and top floor , the Rhoades family occupying the ground floor with this dog that wanted to consume me and shit me out as soon as possible .
Trey was enraptured by Shaune and Erik 's guitar work in particular so it was a given we were to hang out with them and a historical relationship between the bands was born .
During this night , a massive opium bowl was produced looking like some sort of warped cephalopod , arms ( pipes ) all over the place and a mountain of weed sitting in the middle , and those who felt they wanted to partake in this special communion let their own blood onto the mountain , mixing the essences of those individuals with the weed and it went around the circle .
That was when I was bonded to both bands and their members forever , as insane as some will say that is , or as cool as others would say it is - it still happened and still means a great deal to me .
I do not write , speak , or think to or about any of those guys without those memories right at the forefront of my mind .
Any future projects you might consider collaborating on with each other or anything in the works individually ?
Brian -
Well , first we have to finish this project and see how it goes .
So , far it seems to be widely accepted but it is yet to be seen if all the great compliments equate to real sales .
If we can put this out and not go broke in the process , I ’m sure more projects will follow .
We have more than enough pics for a volume 2 and probably even a volume 3 .
I think though , we will both need a bit of a break before beginning another project .
This has been a great experience , but a lot of work ... 4 - 5 hours per night weekdays and up to 8 hours a day on weekends continuously for the last 2 months .
I love doing this project but will be very glad when it is done and I can take a bit of break from looking at the computer screen for so long .
Alan - I have n't got anything in mind , other than maybe some more books .
No matter what though , I would n't want to work with anyone else other than Brian , I 'm sold .
The guy is someone whom any business would want on their team , whatever it is , on whatever level it is .
I wished I 'd started releasing records with him instead of that fuckin total bastard thief I ended up trying to work with in 1990 .
I can't imagine what we would have achieved if we'd been a team then .
There is going to be hopefully a special limited CD with our book , and we are working on that as we work on the book , but it 's slow going , and involves much more headache in many ways than the book .
Anything 's possible .
Right now though all that matters is GLORIOUS TIMES so we are giving that all the attention .
I ’ll leave any Final Words to both of you ?
Impart your vast death metal wisdom upon us !
Heh heh .
Brian – I ’m not sure if I really have any death metal wisdom to impart .
I ’d just like to say that I hope people enjoy the book a quarter as much as I ’ve enjoyed putting it together with Alan .
I would n’t trade this experience for nearly anything .
It has been truly great catching up with old friends and acquaintances and having the opportunity to be the first to read their stories and see their pics .
Check out our myspace page for updates on the books progress , the occasional rare pic and other goodies - http://www.myspace.com/glorioustimesdeathbook
Alan -
My final words are that I am proud of YOU and your webzine , you 've come a long long way from when I lost touch with you .
You embrace the pioneering spirit and have been a great help to Brian and I in doing this interview , and of course all the letters and trading we 've been doing lately .
Maybe I 'll come off that original SARCOFAGO vinyl collection yet hahahaha .
I value your opinion and efforts to direct me towards interesting bands , and avenues to aid us in spreading the word about our book .
I hope some of your readers will want to pre-order it when we announce the book as being available ( I believe that 's when we will offer the rare CD , only to those who pre-order ) .
Maniac , if you happen to read this interview , contact us please , sorry I lost touch in 2006 I moved to Ohio ( in the middle of a tick infested corn field ) and had no internet .
I got to say too that I find your combination of music and TEQUILA a really odd little idea , but cool , I 'd have thought of hot sauces myself , but that 's just me , I love hot sauce .
Thanks again old friend - and to the readers , you 'll know if you are interested in GLORIOUS TIMES or not , there 'll be people bitching and whining about this or that concerning it ( you know , why did n't we include this band or that , how come this band from some place with a rare 2 1 / 2 copies demo recorded on a telephone answering machine is n't raved about etc ) , but if you can get past all that and see it for what it is then you are in for a real special experience .
Brian 's given everyone the official myspace url we launched September 22 2009 , so anyone that comes to us through NOCTURNAL CULT webzine please be sure to tell us one way or the other that 's who sent you .
So kann man von Aktien digitaler Währungen profitieren
Digitale Währungen – Zum Profitieren verdammt ?
Digitale Währungen sind in den letzten Jahren durch zahlreiche Medien gegangen und haben dabei sowohl viele positive sowie aber auch negative Punkte geerntet .
Dabei stand besonders die rasante Entwicklungen dieser digitalen Währungen , die auch unter dem Namen Kryptowährungen bekannt sind , im Vordergrund .
In den letzten Monaten des Jahres 2017 jedoch brach der Kurs schlagartig ein und man sprach hier sehr schnell von einem Ende dieser Entwicklung und auch dieser digitalen Währungen .
Doch tot geglaubte leben länger , wie es so schön heißt .
Auch bei den digitalen Währungen fand man hier einmal mehr den Beweis dafür .
Denn nach nur kurzer Zeit der Talfahrt hat sich der Aktienmarkt rund um die digitalen Währungen wieder stabilisiert und setzt zu einem neuen Höhenflug an .
Diese Entwicklung war für zahlreiche Medien sehr überraschend , für viele Experten und Manager jedoch nicht .
So waren beispielsweise auf der Webseite www.kryptopedia.org schon im Dezember 2017 erste kritische Berichte über den damaligen Boom zu lesen .
Denn diese Währungen haben gegenüber normalen Währungen einen gewaltigen Vorteil :
Sie sind nicht an ein bestehendes Bankensystem gebunden und somit enorm flexibel .
Das bedeutet gleichzeitig , dass diese auch individuell auf wirtschaftliche Situationen und Ereignisse reagieren können , was zur Folge hat , dass die Kurse im Gegensatz zu anderen Währungen hier sehr schnell wieder an Stabilität gewinnen .
Für Anleger ist dies natürlich ein wesentlicher Vorteil und wird dadurch auch sehr gern genutzt .
Doch was sind digitale Währungen überhaupt und wo werden sie eingesetzt ?
Diese Frage muss man im Vorfeld klären , damit man auch den Verlauf und das richtige Handeln mit den Währungen verstehen kann .
Digitale Währungen –
So sind sie aufgebaut
Digitale Währungen sind prinzipiell ganz einfach aufgebaut .
Man kann sie als einfaches Tauschmittel verstehen , was in zahlreichen Online Shops und mittlerweile auch in regionalen Shops als Zahlungsmittel eingesetzt werden kann .
Im Grundprinzip könnte man hierzu auch direkt Geld sagen , was man jedoch nicht in der Hand halten kann .
Denn digitale Währungen sind kein fester Stoff sondern nur digital , das heißt , sie sind nur virtuell .
Somit unterliegen diese Währungen auch keinem Bankensystem , da sie nirgendwo vorrätig gelagert werden sondern rein als virtuelle Güter zu betrachten sind .
Genau dies ist auch eines der wesentlichen Vorteile , die diese Währung gegenüber allen anderen hat .
Der resante Aufschwung dieser Währung hat aber noch einen weiteren Grund , der hier aufgeführt werden muss , da auch dieser auf der Tatsache beruht , dass es sich hierbei um einen ganz simplen Aufbau handelt , nämlich dem eines virtuellen Güters .
Durch diese Tatsache konnte sich die digitale Währung sehr schnell am Markt integrieren und in zahlreiche Bereiche des Internets vordringen .
Somit waren auch schnell große Shops an der neuen Währung interessiert .
Darüber hinaus ist sie von der Sicherheit her unübertroffen und liegt hier auch noch vor dem berühmten Bezahlsystem Paypal , was bis dato eines der besten Systeme weltweit war .
Wie gut und doch so einfach dieser Aufbau ist , zeigt sich genau an diesen Punkten und Tatsachen .
Der richtige Handel mit digitalen Währungen verspricht enorme Gewinne
Wenn es um digitale Währungen geht , ist es im Endeffekt das gleiche als wenn es um irgend eine andere Art von Spekulation am Markt gehen würde .
Natürlich ist auch hier der wichtigste Aspekt das man richtig handelt , was soviel bedeutet wie , die richtigen Entscheidungen zu treffen .
Jedoch hat man gegenüber anderen Aktien bei den digitalen Währungen einen wesentlichen Vorteil .
Denn diese sind in der Regel deutlich leichter in ihrer Kursentwicklung einzuschätzen , als andere Aktien .
Ein einfaches Beispiel hierfür , bieten die letzten Jahre und die damit verbundende Kursentwicklung von digitalen Währungen .
Direkt voraussehbar war die Anfangsentwicklung , also der rasante Aufstieg der Währung natürlich so nicht .
Aber man konnte binnen kürzester Zeit feststellen , dass sich diese Währungen sehr gut am Markt etablieren werden und konnte hier auf eine solche Kursentwicklung spekulieren .
Wer dies in den Anfängen getan hat und dies mit einem Minimaleinsatz von 5 Dollar , der wäre oder ist heute Krypto - Millionär .
So stark war die Entwicklung in den ersten Jahren .
Durch den Kursabfall , der wiederum ebenfalls vorhersehbar war , konnte gerade die Menschen Gewinne einfahren , die hier auf binäre Optionen zurückgegriffen haben .
DIese konnten nämlich über dieses System , auf einen fallenden Kurs spekulieren und somit ihre Gewinne noch deutlich steigern .
Man sieht an dieser Stelle natürlich sehr schön , dass es nicht immer darum geht ob ein Kurs steigt oder fällt sondern lediglich auf welchen Fakt man spekuliert hat und ob dieser dann am Ende auch Eintritt .
Das ist auch unter dem Begriff „ richtigem Handel “ zu verstehen .
Der richtige Handel basiert lediglich auf der Tatsache , dass man einen Kursverlauf im Vorfeld richtig einschätzen kann und demnach seine Spekulationen am Markt tätigt .
Man muss also als Anleger nicht immer auf einen Kursanstieg warten .
Manchmal kann es auch von Vorteil sein , wenn der Kurs auch einmal fällt .
Diese Situationen muss man aber im Vorfeld erkennen .
Nur dann kann man auch wirklich große Gewinne erzielen .
Ein einfaches blindes Handeln auf gut Glück ist hier absolut nicht zu empfehlen .
Selbst wenn man einmal die richtige
Wahl getroffen hat , irgendwann wird einem das Glück nicht mehr treu sein .
Deswegen sollte man sich eher auf das Können und nicht auf das Glück verlassen .
Dann ist man in der Regel auch auf der sicheren Seite .
Fazit und Ergebnis zum Handel mit Aktien von digitalen Währungen
Durch die oft sehr durchschaubaren Kursentwicklungen kann man über den Handel mit digitalen Währungen wirklich sehr gute Gewinne erzielen .
Man sollte diese Möglichkeit aber dennoch nicht zu leicht sehen .
Denn auch hier gehört ein gewisses Geschick und Talent dazu , im Vorfeld Situationen genau zu erkennen einzuschätzen und dann richtig danach zu handeln .
Es ist also trotzdem kein Kinderspiel , auch wenn es sich teilweise so anhört .
Man kann hier nur sagen , dass sich ein solcher Handel deutlich leichter durchführen lässt , als dies bei anderen Aktien der Fall ist , zumindest wenn es darum geht gute Entscheidungen zu treffen .
Denn bei den digitalen Währungen kann man den Kurs schon sehr gut einschätzen , wenn man den gewissen Blick dafür hat .
Wer diesen nicht hat , der kann ihn immer noch erlernen , denn es gibt genug Möglichkeiten im Internet , sich die Tricks von echten Bankern und Managern anzuschauen , die tagtäglich mit solchen Situationen zu tun haben .
Mit diesem Hintergrundwissen ist man bestens vorbereitet .
Manche sind ein bisschen gleicher Birgit Gärtner
Amnesty International beklagt mangelnde Aufklärung von mutmaßlichen Misshandlungen durch Polizeibeamte
Vor dem Gesetz sind alle gleich .
Also sind die Behörden bei Polizeibeamten , die Straftaten im Amt begehen , verpflichtet , umgehend , umfassend , unabhängig und unparteiisch zu ermitteln .
Wie bei allen anderen Straftätern auch .
Nur leider kommen die zuständigen Behörden dieser Verpflichtung nicht – oder zumindest nur sehr selten – im gebotenen Maße nach .
Das stellt Amnesty International ( ai ) in dem am Donnerstag veröffentlichten Bericht Täter unbekannt - Mangelnde Aufklärung von mutmaßlichen Misshandlungen durch die Polizei in Deutschland fest .
Um Abhilfe zu schaffen , fordert die Organisation u. a. die " Einrichtung von unabhängigen Untersuchungsmechanismen " mit weit reichenden Kompetenzen und hat die Kampagne Mehr Verantwortung bei der Polizei sowie eine Online - Demo gestartet .
Polizeirecht ist Ländersache , so dass in Deutschland 16 verschiedene Polizeien und dementsprechend auch 16 verschiedene Polizeigesetze existieren , in denen die Aufgaben und Befugnisse festgeschrieben werden : von der Dauer des Unterbringungsgewahrsams und Aufenthaltsverbots z. B. für Drogendealer , über verdachtsunabhängige Personenkontrollen , bis hin zum gezielten Todesschuss , im Gesetz " Finaler Rettungsschuss " genannt .
Diese Lizenz zum Töten ist in 13 Länder - Polizeigesetzen verankert , nur in Berlin , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern und Schleswig - Holstein nicht .
In Bremen und Hamburg ist der Todesschuss von der Weisungspflicht ausgenommen , d. h. , ein Beamter entscheidet selbst und kann sich im Zweifelsfalle auch über die Anordnung eines Vorgesetzten hinwegsetzen .
Bei Großereignissen wie Demonstrationen , z. B. G - 8 - Gipfel in Heiligendamm oder Castor - Transporte im Wendland , kann das jeweilige Land die anderen Länder und den Bund um Unterstützung bitten .
In diesem Fall gilt dann das Landespolizeigesetz desjenigen Landes , in dem die Demonstration stattfindet .
Daneben gibt es die Bundespolizei , der unter anderem die Grenzkontrolle , die Aufsicht über die Flughäfen sowie die Gewährleistung der Bahnsicherheit obliegt .
Deren Arbeit ist wiederum durch das Bundespolizeigesetz geregelt .
Bedingt durch die organisatorische Trennung ist es schwierig , an brauchbare Informationen bezüglich des Ausmaßes von Polizeigewalt zu kommen .
Jedes Bundesland müsste eine eigene Statistik über Ermittlungsverfahren wegen Körperverletzung im Amt durch Polizeibeamte führen .
Doch erst seit dem 1 .
Januar 2009 seien die Staatsanwaltschaften dazu verpflichtet , über strafrechtliche Ermittlungen bei bestimmten , von Polizisten während der Amtsausübung begangenen Straftaten Statistiken zu führen , so Amnesty in dem Polizeibericht .
Zum Zeitpunkt der Veröffentlichung dieses Berichts waren die Daten für das erste Jahr noch nicht veröffentlicht .
Die polizeiliche Kriminalstatistik führt dagegen nach wie vor nicht auf , wie viele Ermittlungen gegen Polizisten wegen Körperverletzung , Nötigung oder Bedrohung im Amt durchgeführt wurden .
ai-Bericht
Im Dezember 2008 habe ai die Innen - und Justizministerien aller 16 Länder und des Bundes angeschrieben , wird einleitend erläutert .
Dabei wurde um Informationen für den Zeitraum 2006 bis 2008 gebeten über die Anzahl von Anzeigen gegen Polizeibeamte wegen Körperverletzung , Bedrohung oder Freiheitsberaubung im Amt , über die Anzahl der Fälle , in denen Ermittlungen gegen Polizeibeamte eingeleitet wurden , über die Anzahl der Gerichtsverfahren gegen Polizeibeamte sowie über die Zahl von Polizeibeamten , die wegen Straftaten im Amt verurteilt wurden .
Mit Ausnahme von Thüringen antworteten alle Justizministerien der Länder .
Sieben davon legten laut ai " einige diesbezügliche Daten vor , die allerdings häufig auch Anzeigen gegen andere Beamte oder strafrechtliche Ermittlungen zu Delikten , bei denen es nicht um Misshandlungsvorwürfe geht " , beinhalten .
Daher könne in Bezug auf das Ausmaß von Misshandlungsbeschwerden gegen die Polizei keine Rückschlüsse gezogen werden .
Von den sieben Ländern machten lediglich Berlin , Sachsen und Schleswig - Holstein genaue Angaben :
In Berlin wurde 2006 in 234 Fällen , 2007 in 278 Fällen und 2008 in 548 Fällen gegen Polizisten wegen Körperverletzung im Amt ermittelt .
Die Berliner Behörden erklärten den Anstieg diesbezüglicher Ermittlungsfälle für 2008 mit Veränderungen bei der statistischen Erhebungsmethode .
Sachsen meldete für 2004 in 52 Fällen , für 2005 in 85 Fällen , für 2006 in 68 Fällen , für 2007 in 120 Fällen und für 2008 in 81 Fällen Ermittlungen gegen Polizisten wegen Körperverletzung im Amt .
In Berlin kam es 2006 deswegen zu 21 und 2007 zu 13 Verurteilungen .
ai-Bericht
Waren es in Berlin 2006 noch etwa ein Drittel der zur Anzeige gebrachten Fälle , bei denen es zu einer Verurteilung kam , waren es 2007 nur noch zehn Prozent .
Laut der Zeitschrift Analyse und Kritik ( ak ) sollen Jahr 2005 bundesweit 2.214 Mal Strafanzeige wegen " Körperverletzung im Amt " erstattet worden sein .
Allerdings schweigt sich ak darüber aus , in wie vielen Fällen tatsächlich Ermittlungen eingeleitet wurden , und wie oft es zu Gerichtsprozessen und gegebenenfalls zu Verurteilungen kam .
Ermittlungen führen kaum zu Anklagen
Laut dem Fernsehmagazin Monitor vom 4 . Juli 2002 hat die Kölner Staatsanwaltschaft 2001 270 Mal gegen Polizisten wegen Körperverletzung im Amt ermittelt .
Bis zur Ausstrahlung der Sendung war es in keinem der Fälle zur Anklage gekommen ( Gewalt bei der Polizei : Wie unparteiisch ermittelt die Staatsanwaltschaft ? ) .
Der Antwort des Hamburger Senats auf mehrere schriftliche Kleine Anfragen der innenpolitischen Sprecherin der Fraktion der Linken in der Bürgerschaft , Christiane Schneider , ist zu entnehmen , dass 2003 bis 2009 in der Hansestadt insgesamt 2.066 Ermittlungsverfahren gegen 3.015 beschuldigte Polizeibedienstete wegen Körperverletzung im Amt eingeleitet wurden .
Die Staatsanwaltschaft hat in 13 Fällen Anklage erhoben , das entspricht einer Quote von 0,43 Prozent , und von 2006 bis 2009 wurde kein einziger Fall zur Anklage gebracht ( BüDrs . 19/1061 , 19/3665 , 19/5377 , 19/6228 ) .
Das verwundert laut ai nicht , denn " nach einer wissenschaftlichen Untersuchung aus dem Jahr 2003 werden Ermittlungsverfahren wegen Körperverletzung im Amt gegen Polizeibeamte häufiger ohne eine Gerichtsentscheidung eingestellt als sonstige Ermittlungsverfahren gegen andere Personen . "
Experten zufolge liegt die Quote der Verurteilungen bei Straftaten im Zivilbereich bei ca. 50 % .
Über Körperverletzungen im Amt bei der Bundespolizei liegen überhaupt keine Angaben vor .
Eine Anfrage der damaligen Linksfraktion vom Frühjahr 2007 wurde am 19.4.2007 folgendermaßen beantwortet :
" Das Bundesinnenministerium führt keine Statistiken über Körperverletzung im Amt bei der Bundespolizei .
In ihrer Antwort auf eine Kleine Anfrage der Linksfraktion schreibt die Regierung , der Aufwand für eine solche Datensammlung sei " ungerechtfertigt " , da es sich um " Ausnahmetatbestände " handele . "
Bei einer so geringen Verurteilungsquote stellt sich die Frage , ob Polizeibeamte größtenteils zu Unrecht beschuldigt werden .
Doch daran gibt es bei ai große Zweifel .
" Das Ausmaß von Polizeiübergriffen dürfte noch größer sein , als die genannten Zahlen vermuten lassen " , erläuterte der Diplomkriminologe Martin Herrnkind , ehemaliger Bundessprecher der Bundesarbeitsgemeinschaft Kritische PolizistInnen und Mitglied in der ai- Fachkommission Polizeirecherche , die den Bericht erarbeitet hat .
Meines Erachtens ist die Dunkelziffer in diesem Bereich ziemlich hoch , weil die Opfer " viele gute Gründe " haben , eben gerade die Polizei nicht anzuzeigen .
Einer davon ist zum Beispiel die Angst vor der Retourkutsche : Der Gegenanzeige wegen " Widerstand gegen Vollstreckungsbeamte " .
Martin Herrnkind
Polizeiintern werde sehr häufig die Möglichkeit genutzt , das " Deckmäntelchen der Liebe " darüber zu hängen , so Herrnkind :
Die Kollegen ersetzen nicht selten den Freundeskreis , und sie müssen sich beim Einsatz aufeinander verlassen können .
Die daraus resultierende " Solidarität " kann verhängnisvoll sein .
In den Dienststellen entsteht so eine Kultur nach dem Motto " wo gehobelt wird , da fallen auch Späne " .
Wenn etwas juristisch nicht ganz astrein ist , dann wird es " gerade geschrieben " .
In manchen Dienststellen ist dies geradezu Alltag , auch unter Anleitung von Vorgesetzten .
Martin Herrnkind
Tatort - Installationen www.taeter-unbekannt.de in Berlin , 29.06.2010 : Amnesty International macht auf Kampagne zu Menschenrechtsverletzungen in Deutschland aufmerksam .
Bild : Amnesty International
Mitunter schützt die Staatsanwaltschaft Polizisten
Die Staatsanwaltschaften vertrauten den Erkenntnissen der zuständigen Stellen bei der Polizei .
Das sei bei Anklagen gegen Polizeibeamte nicht anders als in anderen Fällen .
Nur sei das Verhältnis natürlich schräg : Diejenigen , auf deren Aussagen sie sich sonst unbesehen verlassen würden , seien plötzlich wegen Gewaltdelikten angeklagt .
Allerdings komme es durchaus auch vor , dass Polizeibeamte von der Staatsanwaltschaft regelrecht geschützt würden .
In einem Fall hatte der Polizei - Einsatzleiter einen seiner Mitarbeiter angezeigt , der während einer Kurden - Demo regelrecht ausgerastet war .
Eine ganze Reihe von Beamten stellte sich auf die Initiative ihres Chefs als Zeugen gegen den Polizei - Täter zur Verfügung .
Der Staatsanwalt erklärte sie kurzerhand alle zu Beschuldigten , weil sie nach § 340 StGB dazu verpflichtet gewesen wären , ihrem Kollegen in den Arm zu greifen .
Sie machten dann alle von dem Zeugnisverweigerungsrecht Gebrauch , um sich nicht selbst zu belasten , und das Verfahren wurde letztendlich eingestellt .
ai-Bericht
Im Januar 2004 veröffentlichte das internationale Sekretariat von ai den ersten Polizeibericht für die BRD .
Seitdem haben 869 Personen Amnesty International über Zwischenfälle mit der Polizei informiert .
In 138 Fällen stellte Amnesty International weiterführende Nachforschungen an. 15 dieser Fälle sind im vorliegenden Bericht beschrieben .
Bei zwölf Fällen handelt es sich um mutmaßliche polizeiliche Misshandlungen mit unverhältnismäßiger Gewaltanwendung .
In drei Fällen verstarben Menschen infolge von mutmaßlich rechtswidrigem Verhalten beziehungsweise durch Unterlassung seitens der Polizei .
In ihrer Mehrzahl wurden die hier aufgeführten Fälle bekannt , weil sich die Betroffenen selbst oder ihre Angehörigen direkt an Amnesty International wandten .
ai-Bericht
Dokumentiert ist u.a. der Fall des Asylbewerbers Oury Jalloh , der am 7 .
Januar 2005 in einer Zelle der Polizeiwache in Dessau verbrannte .
Die Umstände , die zu seinem
Tode führten , konnten bis heute vor Gericht nicht geklärt werden , und der Richter sprach die beschuldigten Beamten frei .
Allerdings nicht aus Überzeugung :
Die Freisprüche beruhen nicht darauf , dass wir herausgefunden hätten , was an diesem Tag passiert ist .
Das , was hier geboten wurde , war kein Rechtsstaat , und Polizeibeamte , die in einem besonderen Maße dem Rechtsstaat verpflichtet waren , haben eine Aufklärung verunmöglicht .
All diese Beamten , die uns hier belogen haben , sind Polizeibeamte , die als Polizisten in diesem Land nichts zu suchen haben .
Der Vorsitzende Richter des Landgerichts Dessau in seiner mündlichen Urteilsbegründung am 8 .
Dezember 2008 ( zitiert aus dem ai-Bericht )
Um den geschilderten Missständen Abhilfe zu schaffen , fordert ai neben einer bundesweit einheitlich geltenden Kennzeichnungspflicht für Polizeibeamte , um im Zweifelsfalle Ermittlungen zu erleichtern , die " Einrichtung unabhängiger Untersuchungsmechanismen , um alle Vorwürfe schwerwiegender Menschenrechtsverletzungen gegen die Polizei sowie Vorfälle , die Verstöße gegen Artikel 2 oder 3 EMRK darstellen könnten , zu überprüfen " .
Diese sollten :
The iconic NASA spacesuit did n't show up in astronauts ' closets fully formed .
Here , a small sampling of the many precursors held with reverence at the Smithsonian Museum .
Advertisement
Above , left to right :
Mark IV , B.F. Goodrich ; Mark II – Model " O " , B.F. Goodrich , 1956 ; Mark V – Modified , B.F. Goodrich , 1968 ; Mark II – Model " R " , B.F. Goodrich , 1956
The spacesuits worn by the Mercury , Gemini , and Apollo astronauts are among the most asked for , and asked about artifacts in the Smithsonian national collection .
It is true that explorers of remote , inaccessible , and environmentally inhospitable regions of Earth ( notably of the Arctic and Antarctic regions ) , and test pilots since the 1930s , have required specially designed clothing of various sorts .
It is a testament to the extraordinary cultural significance of spaceflight , however , that spacesuits attract far more attention than the parkas , snow shoes , flight jackets , and even pressure - suits and " crash helmets " of Earth - and - air - bound explorers .
The popularity and interest in spacesuits , of course , reflects the extraordinary cultural status of spaceflight .
While human spaceflight in the United States began as a direct extension of test - flying experimental , high - performance aircraft for the military , and owes much to the precedent and traditions of Arctic and Antarctic exploration , the placing of humans into orbit , and especially the act of walking about upon the surface of the moon during the 1960s and 1970s , has had direct and symbolic meaning to the American public that is hard to overestimate .
– Allan Needell , PhD National Air and Space Museum
Advertisement
Mercury Helmets , left to right : A4 - H – Universal Hamilton Standard , 1964 ; Spd-143-1a Ax1 - L Apollo Prototype , ILC Industries , 1963 ; GT - 7 – Gemini Protective Helmet .
1965 ; Mercury – Training , Schirra , 1960
Left : A5 - L – Apollo Prototype , ILC Industries , 1965 ; Right : A4 - H – Apollo Developmental ILC for Hamilton Standard , 1964
Advertisement
Radiograph Image of A4 - H " Universal " Helmet , Hamilton Standard , 1964 Ron Cunningham and Mark Avino
Advertisement
EX1 - A – Mobility Demonstrations , AiResearch Corporation , 1969 , Courtesy of NASA
Advertisement
Astronaut Ed White During First U.S. Spacewalk , Gemini 4 1965 , Courtesy of NASA
All images and captions from " Spacesuits : The Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum Collection " by Amanda Young and Mark Avino , published by powerHouse Books .
Available from Amazon or direct from powerHouse .
( CNN ) -- Chattanooga police Tuesday dropped charges against a man arrested for speeding and other violations as he tried to rush his wife to a hospital when it appeared she was having a stroke .
Police spokeswoman Lt. Kim Noorbergen said Hamilton County District Attorney General Bill Cox and Chattanooga Police Chief Mark Rawlston had reviewed the case of Eric " Jessie " Wright " and concluded the necessity for Mr. Wright to reach the hospital with his wife was greater than the offenses he was charged and arrested for . "
" We deeply regret this incident has occurred and hope to meet with Mr. and Mrs. Wright at their earliest convenience to discuss the events of June 16 , " Noorbergen said , adding that an internal affairs investigation would continue and that the police department would also review policy and procedures to determine whether any changes should be made .
The officer involved , James Daves , was placed on paid administrative leave pending the conclusion of the internal affairs investigation , she said Monday .
Wright told CNN that he and his wife , Aline , were at their home Wednesday night when she began showing possible signs of a stroke , with symptoms including numbness in her arms and a facial droop .
His wife , who lost a leg to cancer , ran the risk of having a stroke because of the chemotherapy used to fight the cancer , he said .
Wright , a trained emergency medic , said he took his wife 's vital signs and decided to take her to the emergency room at nearby Erlanger Medical Center , where they both work .
An ambulance would have taken an additional 20 to 30 minutes , he said .
Wright said after carrying his wife to their car , he called the medical center to report that they were on the way , and he drove with his emergency blinkers on , blew his horn and was cautious as he crossed the red lights .
Daves fell in behind Wright at an intersection , with his police car lights and siren on .
Wright said he was too close to the hospital to stop , and upon arrival he immediately carried his wife to the emergency room because she did hot have her prosthetic leg .
The police officer confronted Wright and told him that he was going to send him to jail , Wright said .
Wright said Daves also referred to him with an obscenity .
Daves could not be reached for comment .
In his affidavit , in addition to saying that Wright nearly caused a collision , Daves wrote : " ( The ) defendant stopped in the ER entrance and jumped out and ran .
Police made contact with Defendant at the passenger side of his vehicle and I grabbed the defendant 's arm and he pushed me away scraping my arm with his fingernail .
Defendant yelled and said it was an emergency .
" Defendant pushed through the crowd and carried a female back into the emergency room and placed her in a room with no permission of the hospital staff , " Daves wrote .
He also said Wright 's registration was expired .
Wright told CNN that at the hospital , Daves threatened to file felony charges against him .
He said that after spending the night with his wife , he went to the jail to turn himself in .
Jail personnel told him there were no warrants for his arrest , Wright said
But Friday morning , he was taken into custody by hospital security officers and taken to the Hamilton County jail where he spent the day before he was released on $ 7,500 bail , charged with seven felonies , Wright said .
All of the charges -- evading arrest , assault on a police officer , reckless endangerment , disorderly conduct , registration violation and several traffic violations -- were dropped , Noorbergen said .
Wright said he feels that Daves ' actions at the emergency room endangered his wife 's health " and that he ( Daves ) was trumping up charges to get back at me . "
CNN affiliate WTVC reported that Aline Wright was out of the hospital by Friday morning and , while she had stroke - like symptoms , she was not diagnosed as having had a stroke .
In his ongoing series of niggles about Linked Data , Rob McKinnon claims that “ mandating RDF [ for publication of government data ] may be premature and costly “ .
The claim is made in reference to Francis Maude ’s parliamentary answer to a question from Tom Watson .
Personally I see nothing in the statement from Francis Maude that implies the mandating of RDF or Linked Data , only that “ Where possible we will use recognised open standards including Linked Data standards ” .
Note the “ where possible ” .
However , that ’s not the point of this post .
There ’s nothing premature about publishing government data as Linked Data – it ’s happening on a large scale in the UK , US and elsewhere .
Where I do agree with Rob ( perhaps for the first time ; ) ) is that it comes at a cost .
However , this is n’t the interesting question , as the same applies to any investment in a nation ’s infrastructure .
The interesting questions are who bears that cost , and who benefits ?
Let ’s make a direct comparison between publishing a data set in raw CSV format ( probably exported from a database or spreadsheet ) and making the extra effort to publish it in RDF according to the Linked Data principles .
Assuming that your spreadsheet does n’t contain formulas or merged cells that would make the data irregularly shaped , or that you can create a nice database view that denormalises your relational database tables into one , then the cost of publishing data in CSV basically amounts to running the appropriate export of the data and hosting the static file somewhere on the Web .
Dead cheap , right ?
Oh wait , you ’ll need to write some documentation explaining what each of the columns in the CSV file mean , and what types of data people should expect to find in each of these .
You ’ll also need to create and maintain some kind of directory so people can discover your data in the crazy haystack that is the Web .
Not quite so cheap after all .
So what are the comparable processes and costs in the RDF and Linked Data scenario ?
One option is to use a tool like D2R Server to expose data from your relational database to the Web as RDF , but let ’s stick with the CSV example to demonstrate the lo-fi approach .
This is not the place to reproduce an entire guide to publishing Linked Data , but in a nutshell , you ’ll need to decide on the format of the URIs you ’ll assign to the things described in your data set , select one or more RDF schemata with which to describe your data ( analogous to defining what the columns in your CSV file mean and how their contents relate to each other ) , and then write some code to convert the data in your CSV file to RDF , according to your URI format and the chosen schemata .
Last of all , for it to be proper Linked Data , you ’ll need to find a related Linked Data set on the Web and create some RDF that links ( some of ) the things in your data set to things in the other .
Just as with conventional Web sites , if people find your data useful or interesting they ’ll create some RDF that links the things in their data to the things in yours , gradually creating an unbounded Web of data .
Clearly these extra steps come at a cost compared to publishing raw CSV files .
So why bear these costs ?
There are two main reasons : discoverability and reusability .
Anyone ( deliberately ) publishing data on the Web presumably does so because they want other people to be able to find and reuse that data .
The beauty of Linked Data is that discoverability is baked in to the combination of RDF and the Linked Data principles .
Incoming links to an RDF data set put that data set “ into the Web ” and outgoing links increase the interconnectivity further .
Yes , you can create an HTML link to a CSV file , but you ca n’t link to specific things described in the data or say how they relate to each other .
Linked Data enables this .
Yes , you can publish some documentation alongside a CSV file explaining what each of the columns mean , but that description ca n’t be interlinked with the data itself , making it self - describing .
Linked Data does this .
Yes , you can include URIs in the data itself , but CSV provides no mechanism that for indicating that the content of a particular cell is a link to be followed .
Linked Data does this .
Yes , you can create directories or catalogues that describe the data sets available from a particular publisher , but this does n’t scale to the Web .
Remember what the arrival of Google did to the Yahoo ! directory ?
What we need is a mechanism that supports arbitrary discovery of data sets by bots roaming the Web and building searchable indices of the data they find .
Linked Data enables this .
Assuming that a particular data set has been discovered , what is the cost of any one party using that data in a new application ?
Perhaps this application only needs one data set , in which case all the developer must do is read the documentation to understand the structure of the data and get on with writing code .
A much more likely scenario is that the application requires integration of two or more data sets .
If each of these data sets is just a CSV file then every application developer must incur the cost of integrating them , i.e. linking together the elements common to both data sets , and must do this for every new data set they want to use in their application .
In this scenario the integration cost of using these data sets is proportional to their use .
There are no economies of scale .
It always costs the same amount , to every consumer .
Not so with Linked Data , which enables the data publisher to identify links between their data and third party data sets , and make these links available to every consumer of that data set by publishing them as RDF along with the data itself .
Yes , there is a one - off cost to the publisher in creating the links that are most likely to be useful to data consumers , but that ’s a one - off .
It does n’t increase every time a developer uses the data set , and each developer does n’t have to pay that cost for each data set they use .
If data publishers are seriously interested in promoting the use of their data then this is a cost worth bearing .
Why constantly reinvent the wheel by creating new sets of links for every application that uses a certain combination of data sets ?
Certainly as a UK taxpayer , I would rather the UK Government made this one - off investment in publishing and linking RDF data , thereby lowering the cost for everyone that wanted to use them .
This is the way to build a vibrant economy around open data .
Electronic Arts has announced that the Limited Edition of Medal of Honor will come with an invitation to the Battlefield 3 beta .
That comes on top of the weapons , ammo and camoflauge that the Limited Edition already offers .
The offer is contingent on the beta coming within 12 months of the release of Medal of Honor .
As that game launches on October 12 in North America , you can expect the beta to take place sometime in 2011 .
This also comes as the first official announcement of Battlefield 3 , which was previously only confirmed to be in development during financial talks
The other Limited Edition pack - ins include the MP - 7 and two special shotguns .
The PS3 version will include the full game Medal of Honor Frontline , remastered in HD .
All Limited Edition versions are listed at a price of $ 59.99 in the US , suggesting that EA is following a plan similar to what it did for Battlefield : Bad Company 2 where all new copies bought at or near launch included the bonus content .
Then again , if you read Frank Rich , tonight ( in Sunday 's NY Times , linked and blockquoted at the end of this post ) , a strong argument may be made that many of those quoted herein are all saying the same thing
Simon Johnson , over at Baseline Scenario , has informed us , in the past day , that the Eurozone economic crisis has just gone off the deep end , bigtime , in : " French Connection : The Eurozone Crisis Worsens Sharply . "
( Johnson 's known for his experience in global economics . )
A lede in Saturday 's Wall Street Journal is telling us of a potentially massive new sales slump ( buyer demand in some markets may drop -- and , in fact , is dropping -- as much as another 25% - 30 % , and that 's quantitatively based upon downright paltry sales results in May ) in the U.S. housing market , precipitated by the expiration of the homebuyer tax credit at the end of April , in : " Drop in Home Sales in Wake of Tax Credit Tops Forecasts . "
Then again , we were warned of this , were n't we ?
Occasional Democrat and billionaire Warren Buffett is now warning us of a significant upheaval in state and municipal finances -- something myself and many others have been posting diaries about for ... years -- which he 's referencing as a " terrible problem , " in : " Buffett Expects ` Terrible Problem ' for Municipal Debt ( Update1 ) . "
Ultimately , hundreds of thousands of state employees will lose their jobs ; come to think of it , as Mark Thoma pointed out over the past 24 hours , they already have , in : " State and Local Governments Continuing to Lose Jobs . "
Then there 's John Mauldin 's compelling letter , this weekend , contemplating the possibility that the U.S. may return to negative growth ( i.e. : negative G.D.P. ) between now and Election Day , in : " There 's A Slow Train Coming . "
And , what whirlwind tour of harsh economic realities -- which some around here reference as " gloom and doom " -- would be complete without at least one link to the Friday job report story , in : The Employment Report . "
( Yes , a very , very BIG h/t this week to University of Oregon economist Mark Thoma ! )
( h/t to Naked Capitalism Publisher Yves Smith )
" The Time We Have Is Growing Short "
New York Review of Books
Paul Volcker
June 24 , 2010
Some five years ago ... I lamented that " the growing imbalances , disequilibria , risks " were giving rise to " circumstances as dangerous and intractable " as any I could recall - - intractable not just because of the combination of complicated issues , but because there seemed to be " so little willingness or capacity to do much about it ... "
-- SNIP -- ... At the time , I suggested that the most likely result would not be well - thought - out and complementary policy actions .
Rather , sooner or later , the necessary changes would be forced by a financial crisis ...
-- SNIP-- ... The sense of mutual trust upon which operating financial markets depend was lost .
... Now we know that trillions of dollars of official funds came to the rescue of the broken system in the form of loans , capital , and guarantees .
Flows of finance have been restored , albeit with large areas of continuing public support .
The residential mortgage market in the United States -- by far the largest sector of our capital market for the time being -- remains almost wholly a ward of the government .
Now , another range of uncertainty has arisen .
Sovereign credits have come into question , most pointedly in the Eurozone but potentially of concern among some of our own states .
Any thoughts -- any longings -- that participants in the financial community might have had that conditions were returning to normal ( implicitly promising the return of high compensation ) should by now be shattered .
We are left with some very large questions : questions of understanding what happened , questions of what to do about it , and ultimately , questions of political possibilities .
The way those questions are answered will determine whether , in the end , the financial crisis has , in fact , forced the changes in thinking and in policies needed to restore a well - functioning financial system and better - balanced growing economies ...
-- SNIP-- ... None of these reforms will assure crisis - free financial markets in the years ahead ...
-- SNIP--
As we well know , the critical policy issues we face go way beyond the ... regulation of financial markets .
There is growing awareness of historically large and persistent fiscal deficits in a number of well - developed economies ...
If we need any further illustration of the potential threats ... we have only to look to ... Europe ...
In an uncertain world , our currency and credit are well established .
But there are serious questions ... about the sustainability of our commitment to growing entitlement programs .
Looking only a little further ahead , there are even larger questions of critical importance for those of less advanced age than I .
The need ... for effective action against global warming , for energy independence , and for protecting the environment is not going to go away .
Are we really prepared to meet those problems , and the related fiscal implications ?
If not , today 's concerns may soon become tomorrow 's existential crises ...
-- SNIP-- ... the time we have is growing short .
This brings us to the financial regulatory reform legislation which is about to be reconciled between the House and the Senate in coming days .
In a word , it SUCKS .
Then again , do n't take my word for it :
" A Dubious Way to Prevent Fiscal Crisis " ( New York Times , Joe Nocera , June 5th , 2010 )
... In the first place , there is nothing even remotely radical about anything in these bills .
Nobody is suggesting setting up a new Securities and Exchange Commission , which reshaped Wall Street regulation when it was formed in 1934 .
Nobody is talking about breaking up banks the way they did in the 1930s with the passage of the Glass - Steagall Act .
Nobody is even talking about a wholesale revamping of a regulatory system that so clearly failed in this crisis .
" They are trying to attack the symptoms , instead of the basic issues , " said Christopher Whalen , managing director of the Institutional Risk Analyst .
There is something oh - so - reasonable about these bills , as if Congress was worried that they might do something that would -- heaven forbid ! -- upset the banking industry ...
" Financial Re-Regulation and Democracy " ( ProjectSyndicate.org , Joseph E. Stiglitz , June 4th , 2010 )
It has taken ... more than three years since the beginning of the global recession brought on by the financial sector 's misdeeds for the United States and Europe finally to reform financial regulation .
Perhaps we should celebrate the regulatory victories in both Europe and the United States ...
But the battle - and even the victory - has left a bitter taste ... .. Banks that wreaked havoc on the global economy have resisted doing what needs to be done .
Worse still , they have received support from the Fed , which ... reflects the interests of the banks that it was supposed to regulate ...
This is important not just as a matter of history and accountability : much is being left up to regulators .
And that leaves open the question : can we trust them ?
To me , the answer is an unambiguous no , which is why we need to " hard - wire " more of the regulatory framework .
The usual approach - delegating responsibility to regulators to work out the details - will not suffice .
And that raises another question : whom can we trust ?
On complex economic matters , trust had been vested in bankers ... and in regulators ...
But the events of recent years have shown that bankers can make megabucks , even as they undermine the economy and impose massive losses on their own firms .
Bankers have also shown themselves to be " ethically challenged " ...
" 3,000 Pages of Financial Reform , but Still Not Enough " ( New York Times , Gretchen Morgenson , May 28th , 2010 )
... Finally , lawmakers who are charged with consolidating the two bills are talking about eliminating language that would bar derivatives facilities from receiving taxpayer bailouts if they get into trouble .
That means a federal rescue of an imperiled derivatives trading facility could occur .
( Again , think A.I.G. )
Surely , we beleaguered taxpayers do not need to backstop any more institutions than we do now .
According to Jeffrey M. Lacker , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , Va. , only 18 percent of the nation 's financial sector was covered by implied federal guarantees in 1999 .
By the end of 2008 , his bank 's research shows , the federal safety net covered 59 percent of the financial sector .
IN a speech last week , Mr. Lacker said that he feared we were going to perpetuate the cycle of financial crises followed by taxpayer bailouts , in spite of Congressional reform efforts .
" Arguably , we will not break the cycle of regulation , bypass , crisis and rescue , " Mr. Lacker said , " until we are willing to clarify the limits to government support , and incur the short - term costs of confirming those limits , in the interest of building a stronger and durable foundation for our financial system .
Measured against this gauge , my early assessment is that progress thus far has been negligible . "
" Shorting Reform " ( New York Times , Michael Lewis , May 28th , 2010 )
Our earnings are robust , our compensation has returned to its naturally high levels and , as a result , we have very nearly regained our grip on the imaginations of the most ambitious students at the finest universities -- and from that single fact many desirable outcomes follow .
Thus , we have almost fully recovered from what we have agreed to call The Great Misfortune ...
-- SNIP-- ... ill - informed senators will meet with ill - paid representatives to reconcile their ill - conceived financial reform bills .
This process cannot and should not be stopped .
The American people require at least the illusion of change .
But it can be rendered harmless to our interests .
To this point , we have succeeded in keeping the public focused on the single issue that will have very little effect on how we do business : the quest to prevent taxpayer money from ever again being used to ( as they put it ) " bail out Wall Street . "
As we know , we never needed their money in the first place , and by the time we need it again , we 'll be long gone .
If we can keep the public , and its putative representatives , fixated on the question of whether their bill does , or does not , ensure there will be no more bailouts , we may entirely avoid a discussion of our relationship to the broader society .
Next to last , but definitely not least , I 'll leave you with this link from Matt Taibbi , appearing in the Rolling Stone edition dated for this upcoming week : " Wall Street 's War . " ( Rolling Stone , Matt Taibbi , May 26 , 2010 . )
I strongly encourage you to read it .
Finally , I wanted to mention a very powerful column in Sunday 's NY Times by Frank Rich .
A lot of people in this community are n't going to like it .
But , IMHO , it 's a strong dose of reality for those that are interested in that type of thing .
Here 's the money quote from : " Do n't Get Mad , Mr. President .
Get Even . "
Do n't Get Mad , Mr. President .
Get Even
New York Times
FRANK RICH
June 5 , 2010 ... BP's recklessness is just the latest variation on a story we know by heart .
The company 's heedless disregard of risk and lack of safeguards at Deepwater Horizon are all too reminiscent of the failures at Lehman Brothers , Citigroup and A.I.G. , where the richly rewarded top executives often did n't even understand the toxic financial products that would pollute and nearly topple the nation 's economy .
BP 's reliance on bought - off politicians and lax , industry - captured regulators at the M.M.S. mirrors Wall Street 's cozy relationship with its indulgent overseers at the S.E.C. , Federal Reserve and New York Fed -- not to mention Massey Energy 's dependence on somnolent supervision from the Mine Safety and Health Administration .
Given Toyota 's recent game of Russian roulette with Americans ' safety and Anthem Blue Cross 's unconscionable insurance - rate increases in California , Obama should n't have any problem riveting the country 's attention to this sorry saga .
He has the field to himself , thanks to a political opposition whose hottest new star , Rand Paul , and most beloved gulf - state governor , Haley Barbour of Mississippi , both leapt to BP 's defense right after the rig exploded .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page perfectly set forth the conservative establishment 's party line on May 26 : " There is zero evidence so far that this blowout resulted from lax regulation or shoddy practices . "
Or as BP's Hayward asked indignantly , " What the hell did we do to deserve this ? "
If Obama is to have a truly transformative presidency , there could be no better catalyst than oil .
Standard Oil jump - started Progressive Era trust - busting .
Sinclair Oil 's kickback - induced leases of Wyoming 's Teapot Dome oilfields in the 1920s led to the first conviction and imprisonment of a presidential cabinet member ( Harding 's interior secretary ) for a crime committed while in the cabinet .
The Arab oil embargo of the early 1970s and the Exxon Valdez spill of 1989 sped the conservation movement and search for alternative fuels .
The Enron scandal prompted accounting reforms and ( short - lived ) scrutiny of corporate Ponzi schemes .
This all adds up to a Teddy Roosevelt pivot - point for Obama , who shares many of that president 's moral and intellectual convictions .
But Obama can't embrace his inner T.R. as long as he's too in thrall to the supposed wisdom of the nation 's meritocracy , too willing to settle for incremental pragmatism as a goal , and too inhibited by the fine points of Washington policy debates to embrace bold words and bold action .
If he is to wield the big stick of reform against BP and the other powerful interests that have ripped us off , he will have to tell the big story with no holds barred ....
IMHO , Rich brings Volcker 's commentary , at the top of this diary , full circle .
The truth is , whether it's about BP , AIG , or Goldman Sachs , the story 's the same , and it 's only the names that change .
On many fronts , the reality is that the time we have ( to do something constructive about that ) IS growing short .
Or ( as Frank Rich just pointed it out ) not .
As for me , it 's a late ending to a very humid Saturday here in the metro New York City area , and I 'm going to take another sip of my ( now half - empty ) double Tanqueray and tonic ( with extra lime , of course ) .
What 's in your half - filled glass ?
Die Afghanistan - Protokolle 91.731 Dokumente - fünf Probleme
Das gab es noch nie : Fast 92.000 US - Dokumente über den Afghanistan - Krieg sind an die Öffentlichkeit gelangt .
SPIEGEL , " New York Times " und " Guardian " haben die überwiegend geheimen Papiere analysiert .
Sie enthalten vor allem interessante Details zu fünf Bereichen des Einsatzes - ein Überblick .
Buttressed between two milestone events within their personal sphere , the lives of the Jians - husband and wife N.J. and Min-Min , teenage daughter Ting - Ting , and eight year old son Yang - Yang - and to a lesser extent that of their broader grouping of extended family and friends , are presented .
The Jians live in an upscale apartment complex in Taipei along with Min -Min 's mother , who has fallen into a coma , each family member who takes turns by her bedside to relay life 's goings - on to her regardless of if she can hear them .
While Min-Min has troubles with this on - going task , the other three use her as an unofficial sounding board for their issues , primarily in the realm of finding their place in current life and their role in her predicament .
Yang - Yang still has a child 's simple perspective of the world , such as the reason he has a penchant for taking photographs of the back of people 's heads , that naiveté exactly the reason he is the target of bullying especially among a group of older ... Written by Huggo
You need to be cautious when choosing the best family law firm so you know you ’re working with the right one .
Finding out who to work with is a good idea so you know you ’re spending your money on something that will help you out in the long run .
You ’re going to need to know what you ’re going to have to pay to work with an attorney before you hire them .
You do n’t want to pay more than what is considered fair for this kind of assistance .
However , if someone is a lot cheaper than the rest then you need to be careful because that may be a sign that they are not that good .
They may not be charging much because they are poorly reviewed and not many people are likely to work with them if they had regular prices .
Check this page Charlotte Christian law .
Figure out how much experience an attorney has with the kind of case you ’re bringing to them .
See if they have done this kind of work before for others so you know whether they know the laws well or not .
Call them up , let them know what you need help with , and then ask them if they are experienced with cases like yours .
Never hire an amateur because they wo n’t know how to help you and could miss something .
Just one detail that is glossed over can lead to you not winning your case and wasting your money .
Read reviews on attorneys before you work with them so you know whether they are worth your your time or if you should look elsewhere .
When you ’re reading reviews , make sure they are not on the website of the attorney that they run because then you ’re just going to find that they only share what people have to say as long as it is positive .
You want to find a third party site that does n’t censor their reviews .
If you find that an attorney is mostly positively reviewed , then you know that they are generally going to be worth working with .
It ’s a good idea to be honest about your case when working with an attorney .
Let them know exactly what the matter is about and what your role in it has been .
In family law , there are a lot of laws to work through so a lawyer has to know what ’s going on so they can use the law to help you get out of your situation or at least help you to get through it .
If you do n’t tell them the truth and your lies come out in court , it will make you look bad and people wo n’t see your side as clearly at that point .
It ’s not hard to work on choosing the best family law attorney if you know what to look for in one .
You ’ll find that there are quite a few options but that not all of them are the best .
This means you ’re going to want to make sure you follow the tips you read here to find what will work for you .
if you are having trouble with real estate , you may check real estate lawyer in Tampa Florida for more information .
We ’ve received a healthy portion of promotional screenshots from the upcoming Nintendo 3DS version of Super Street Fighter IV .
And seeing as pictures are worth a thousand words , we ’ll just direct you to the gallery below .
The phrase would stick , of course .
But it did n’t mean to Vespucci what it means to us today : a new continent .
Europeans of the time often used the phrase simply to describe regions of the world they had not known about before .
Another Italian merchant had used the very same phrase , for example , to describe parts of southern Africa recently explored by the Portuguese .
The pamphlet contained a letter purportedly sent by Amerigo Vespucci a few years earlier to his patron in Florence .
Vespucci wrote that he had just completed a voyage of western discovery and had big news to report .
On the other side of the Atlantic , he announced , he had found “ a new world . ”
Matthias Ringmann was born in an Alsatian village in 1482 .
After studying the classics at university he settled in the Strasbourg area , where he began to eke out a living by proofing texts for local printers and teaching school .
It was a forgettable life , of a sort that countless others like him were leading .
But sometime in early 1505 , Ringmann came across a recently published pamphlet titled “ Mundus Novus , ” and that changed everything .
How did a minor scholar working in the landlocked mountains of eastern France manage to beat all explorers to the punch and give the New World its name ?
The answer is more than just an obscure bit of history , because Ringmann deliberately invested the name America with ideas that still make up important parts of our national psyche : powerful notions of westward expansion , self - reinvention , and even manifest destiny .
But Vespucci , it turns out , had no direct role in the naming of America .
He probably died without ever having seen or heard the name .
A closer look at how the name was coined and first put on a map , in 1507 , suggests that , in fact , the person responsible was a figure almost nobody ’s heard of : a young Alsatian proofreader named Matthias Ringmann .
If you ’re like most people , you ’ll dimly recall from your school days that the name America has something to do with Amerigo Vespucci , a merchant and explorer from Florence .
You may also recall feeling that this is more than a little odd — that if any European earned the “ right ” to have his name attached to the New World , surely it should have been Christopher Columbus , who crossed the Atlantic years before Vespucci did .
But what about the other thing that defines America : the name itself ?
Its story is far older and far less often told , and still offers some revealing surprises .
Each July 4 , as we celebrate the origins of America , we look back ritually at what happened in 1776 : the war , the politics , the principles that defined our nation .
Why America ?
Ringmann and Waldseemüller explained their choice in a small companion volume to the map , called “ Introduction to Cosmography . ”
“ These parts , ” they wrote , referring to Europe , Asia , and Africa , “ have in fact now been more widely explored , and a fourth part has been discovered by Amerigo Vespucci .... Since both Asia and Africa received their names from women , I do not see why anyone should rightly prevent this from being called Amerigen — the land of Amerigo , as it were — or America , after its discoverer , Americus . ”
Ringmann may well have been the first European to entertain this idea , and he acted on it quickly .
Soon he had teamed up with a local German mapmaker named Martin Waldseemüller , and the two men printed 1,000 copies of a giant world map designed to broadcast the news : the famous Waldseemüller map of 1507 .
One copy of the map still survives , and it ’s recognized as one of the most important geographical documents of all time .
That ’s because it ’s the first to depict the New World as surrounded by water ; the first to suggest the existence of the Pacific Ocean ; the first to portray the world ’s continents and oceans roughly as we know them today ; and , of course , the first to use a strange new name : America , which Ringmann and Waldseemüller printed in block letters across what today we would call Brazil .
When Ringmann read this news , he was thrilled .
As a good classicist , he knew that the poet Virgil had prophesied the existence of a vast southern land across the ocean to the west , destined to be ruled by Rome .
And he drew what he felt was the obvious conclusion : Vespucci had reached this legendary place .
He had discovered the fourth part of the world .
At last , Europe ’s Christians , the heirs of ancient Rome , could begin their long - prophesied imperial expansion to the west .
The expanding horizons began with Vespucci .
In his letter , he reported sailing west across the Atlantic , like Columbus .
After making landfall , however , he had turned south , in an attempt to sail under China and into the Indian Ocean — and had ended up following a coastline that took him thousands of miles almost due south , well below the equator , into a region of the globe where most European geographers assumed there could only be ocean .
This was exactly what Vespucci and Columbus both believed they had done .
Columbus , in particular , clung doggedly until the end of his life to the idea that in crossing the Atlantic he had reached the vicinity of Japan and China .
He had no idea he had expanded Europe ’s geographical horizons , in other words .
He thought he ’d shrunk them .
Like Columbus , Vespucci believed the world consisted of three parts : Europe , Africa , and Asia .
He also knew that the world was round , a fact that had been common knowledge since antiquity .
This meant , he realized , that if one could sail far enough to the west of Europe , one would reach the Far East .
Libraries today attribute this little book to Waldseemüller .
But the work itself actually identifies no author — and Ringmann ’s fingerprints , I would argue , appear all over it .
The author , for example , demonstrates a familiarity with ancient Greek , a language that Ringmann knew well and that Waldseemüller did not .
He also incorporates snatches of classical verse , a literary tic of Ringmann ’s .
The one contemporary poet quoted in the text , too , is known to have been a friend of Ringmann .
Waldseemüller the cartographer , Ringmann the writer :
This division of duties makes sense , given the two men ’s areas of expertise .
And , indeed , they would team up in precisely this way in 1511 , when Waldseemüller printed a new map of Europe .
In dedicating that map , Waldseemüller noted that it came accompanied by “ an explanatory summary prepared by Ringmann . ”
This question of authorship is important because whoever wrote “ Introduction to Cosmography ” almost certainly coined the name America .
Here again , I would suggest , the balance tilts in the favor of Ringmann , who regularly entertained himself by making up words , punning in different languages , and investing his writing with hidden meanings .
In one 1511 essay , he even mused specifically about the naming of continents after women .
The naming - of - America passage in “ Introduction to Cosmography ” is rich in precisely the sort of word play Ringmann loved .
The key to the passage is the curious name Amerigen , which combines the name Amerigo with the Greek word gen , or “ earth , ” to create the meaning “ land of Amerigo . ”
But the name yields other meanings .
Gen can also mean “ born , ” and the word ameros can mean “ new , ” suggesting , as many Renaissance observers had begun to hope , that the land of Amerigo was a place where European civilization could go to be reborn — an idea , of course , that still resonates today .
The name may also contain a play on meros , a Greek word sometimes translated as “ place , ” in which case Amerigen would become A - meri - gen , or “ No - place - land ” : not a bad way to describe a previously unnamed continent whose full extent was still uncertain .
Whatever its meanings , the name America filled a need .
By the middle of the 16th century it had caught on , and mapmakers were using it to define not only South but North America .
But Ringmann himself did n’t live to see the day .
By 1511 he was complaining of weakness and shortness of breath , and before the year ’s end he was dead , probably of tuberculosis .
He had n’t yet reached 30 .
Both Ringmann and Waldseemüller soon slipped into obscurity .
The two would remain forgotten for centuries , but Waldseemüller ’s star rose again in the 20th century , thanks to the accidental rediscovery , in 1901 , of the sole surviving copy of his great map .
A century later , calling it America ’s birth certificate , the Library of Congress bought the map for the astonishing sum of $ 10 million — and in 2007 , to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the naming of America , put it on public display .
Waldseemüller now seems guaranteed permanent celebrity as the author of one of the most important documents ever created .
History has n’t served poor Matthias Ringmann nearly as well .
That does n’t seem quite fair .
So tonight let ’s send up a few of our fireworks in honor of the man who had the audacity to declare , before anybody else , that the world had a fourth part — and to imagine that he might be the one who could give it a name .
Toby Lester is a contributing editor to The Atlantic and the author of ” The Fourth Part of the World , ” which comes out in paperback on Tuesday .
For more about the book and the Waldseemüller map , see www.tobylester.com.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
DON’T BLAME BOEHNER ; HE JUST WORKS THERE ….
President Obama hosted a meeting at the White House with the leadership of both parties , from both chambers , and the discussion reportedly turned to Bush ’s tax cuts .
GOP leaders want all the cuts to remain in place , no matter how many billions of dollars it adds to the deficit .
The president wants to keep the cuts for everyone except the very wealthy .
By all accounts , the chat was n’t especially constructive , but I was glad to see this exchange took place .
Mr. Obama , who did not join the Senate until 2005 , reminded Mr. Boehner and the Senate Republican leader , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , that the tax cuts ’ architects purposely left the deficit problem to a future administration , according to aides from both parties .
“ I was n’t there , ” Mr. Boehner quickly countered .
“ I did n’t structure that deal . ”
The room briefly went quiet as participants seemed to ponder that statement from a legislator first elected in 1990 .
“ How long have you been here ? , ” a Democrat asked Mr. Boehner , and the others broke out in laughter .
They ’re laughing at you , John , not with you .
It ’s a telling anecdote .
The White House vision is to largely follow the game plan crafted by congressional Republicans less than a decade ago .
It was the GOP ’s idea — they passed tax cuts , which overwhelmingly benefited the wealthy , and set the cuts to expire at the end of 2010 .
The point was to obscure the cuts ’ cost , play a dangerous budget game , and make it so that the GOP would n’t have to pay for their own experiment .
We saw the results , which can only fairly be described as “ total failure . ”
Obama is prepared to do part of what Republicans included in their own plan — letting tax rates for those making more than $ 250,000 return to the same levels that existed when the economy was strong , as was outlined in the Republican plan of the Bush era .
Reminded of whose idea this was in the first place , Boehner , in effect , argued that he has nothing to do with the plan he voted for , and which was crafted by his own caucus .
Indeed , Boehner was , at the time , responsible at the committee level for helping shape the tax - cut package , and was on hand at the White House for the bill - signing ceremony .
No wonder the room broke out in laughter .
As for the substance , Boehner told the president allowing the higher rates to return to pre-Bush levels would be bad for small businesses ( small businesses that need some help , which Senate Republicans have blocked ) .
As a policy matter , Boehner ’s argument is patently ridiculous , but the fact that he ’s pushing it in a private meeting confirms my suspicions —
Boehner actually believes his own nonsense , and is n’t quite sharp enough to realize he does n’t know what he ’s talking about .
In the meantime , Boehner is also urging Republicans to stop referring to the Bush tax cuts as the Bush tax cuts .
GOP members are supposed to fight for the failed former president ’s tax policy , but avoid using the failed former president ’s name .
They really do think voters are fools .
Child , who had been reported missing from his home in Derbyshire , was found dead at the scene
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A four - year - old boy has been found dead in a tumble dryer at his home in Derbyshire , police said .
The child was reported missing from the garden of his home on Northcliffe Road in Ashbourne shortly after 10.30 am .
A police helicopter was scrambled before the boy was found just under an hour later by his distraught mother and a police officer .
Detectives would not say whether the dryer was switched on when the boy was found .
The boy was dead at the scene .
A spokeswoman for Derbyshire police said no one had been arrested .
She said : " It 's normal procedure to search the house to make sure whoever is missing is n't found there .
" They were searching outside with the force helicopter and they also searched inside the house and that 's where they found him .
" He was found by his mother , who had a police officer with her at the time .
She 's distraught , as can be expected , and is receiving medical attention . "
Modern forensic science should make it impossible to commit murder and get away with it .
But how easy would it be to outfox the detectives ?
With the help of top forensic scientists , and real - life murder investigations , we explore whether it ’s possible to commit a perfect murder .
###
.....
One of the problems with finding a case that counters the 2005 " Acker v Acker " Supreme Court [ in Florida ] precedent is that it seems to take about three years for a case to move from county court to the appeals court , and another three years to just get to the Florida Supreme Court , much less be published .
Basically , any case that would do me any good , has probably not even made it to an appeals court , yet ......
I have a problem with Mr. Schultz 's analysis of the " Acker v Acker " precedent and his discription of " Double - Dipping " in conjunction with how retirement plans should be counted .
He discusses treating pre-divorce accumulations in retirement plan as being subject to being divided as a marital asset , then treating Post - divorce accumulations as a source of income to be used to calculate alimony .
What he does n't take into account is when in the initial divorce division of assets , BOTH the pre- as well as post - divorce accumulations are considered .
In Mr. Acker 's case , his half of the assets included ALL of his retirement plan .
His
Ex received other assets to offset his getting this retirement plan .
I am in a similar boat in that I gave up exactly half of my pre-divorce accumulations in my retirement .
I also gave the Ex over 100K in exchange for any future accumulations .
Now a decade later she has spent much of the retirement that was turned over to her , but mine is still intact .
Under " Acker " the ONLY thing that counts in a Modification of Alimony hearing is " Need vs Ability to Pay " .
Since she has spent a lot of her retirement assets , and I have n't , guess who the court thinks is in " Need " and who has the " Ability to Pay " ?.....
Here is a senerio that more clearly shows how unjust the " Acker " precedent is ......
Mr. & Mr. Smith get divorced simultaneously with his retirement .
Under the divorce agreement each party gets half interest in his retirement pension plan .
As with many pension plans , there is an option to either take all the benefit as an annuity ..( lifetime monthly payments ) .. or as a lump - sum , or proportioned between the two .
Mr. Smith chooses to take his half as $ 2,000 / mo. annuity .
the Ex chooses a $ 1,000 / mo. annuity and $ 150,000 as a lump - sum .
Several years later after the Ex has spent all of her lump - sum , she ask the court for alimony since she is in " Need " by having only $ 1,000 / mo . and Mr. Smith has the " Ability to Pay " from his $ 2,000 / mo. income .
Under the " Acker " decision , the equitable distribution of assets during the initial divorce does not count , only the present difference of income .
Therefore , she would be awarded alimony which could only be paid from his remaining half of his pension .
Ofer Malamud would tell you that while growing up in a middle - class neighborhood in Hong Kong , he spent long hours playing rudimentary games on his 1980s Apple computer .
Yet Malamud , 35 , now an assistant professor at the University of Chicago 's Harris School of Public Policy , also would tell you that prior to a recent study he co-wrote , he believed that poor kids used their computer time far more fruitfully — say , for educational pursuits .
In fact , many of us wax idealistically when it comes to poor students and computers .
That 's why we appreciate initiatives such as those by the international nonprofit One Laptop Per Child , which attempts to bridge the digital divide by distributing laptops to children in developing countries .
The thinking is that giving a poor child a computer can go a long way toward improving his life by leveling the academic playing field .
Well , hold on a second .
Malamud 's research examines how low - income children fared academically after their families received vouchers to buy computers .
Turns out the students did n't fare well at all .
Poor students apparently squander their computer time playing games as much as kids of means .
" I have to say I was quite surprised , " said Malamud , who co-wrote the study with Cristian Pop - Eleches , an associate professor of economics at Columbia University .
" Our main finding was that the introduction of home computers actually lowered academic achievement .
In fact , there were no positive effects on academics at all . "
The study was conducted in Romania in 2009 .
It looked at low - income students , ages 6 to 18 , whose families qualified for a government voucher program designed to encourage the educational use of computers .
But the study found that the children received significantly lower school grades in math , English and Romanian .
In a draft of the professors ' paper , which will be published early next year in the Quarterly Journal of Economics , they write : " There is also some suggestive evidence that winning a computer voucher reduced the time spent doing homework , watching TV and reading . "
The children , by the way , did n't have Internet access , so we only can imagine how that might have affected their grades .
Two positive findings that emerged from the study were that adolescents performed well on tests that assessed their ability to manipulate three - dimensional objects and , not surprisingly , became more proficient at using the computer .
" The reason we did the study is that we hope there are some lessons we can get from the experience in Romania and other developing countries that are applicable to disadvantaged populations in Chicago and other places around the country , " Malamud said .
One lesson is that students tended to do better academically if parents supervised computer use and enforced rules regarding homework .
That makes sense , right ?
Malamud said that although he was surprised by the findings , he noticed that his colleagues , primarily those with teenagers , were not .
They knew that when their own children spent long , unsupervised hours on the computer , the youngsters were likely playing games , connecting with friends on Facebook or trolling the Internet .
Income levels aside , sometimes kids just do n't use their time wisely .
I asked Malamud , who has a 1 - year - old daughter , if he could extrapolate from his research for his own household .
He said he would like to be the kind of parent who exercises control over how his daughter occupies her time , whether in front of the computer or that other ubiquitous time - waster , the television .
" I would hope to steer her toward more valuable activities , " he said .
" But our research does n't say what 's more valuable .
Maybe I can do more research in that regard and complete it before she reaches the age in which she 's spending time on the computer . "
Considering how early children are mastering technology these days , he already may be running low on time .
dtrice@tribune.com
Location : Effort , Pennsylvania , USA
My friend came over this Sunday and saw this adorable tiny guy on my porch .
He ran away from her and she came to get me .
I said , “ Hi , Kitten , ” and blew him kisses and he ran right over to me !
That ’s why I ’ve temporarily named him Kiss - Kiss .
It broke my heart to feel how skinny he was ( he ’s so fluffy that you ca n’t tell by looking at him ) .
He ’s truly skin and bones , but luckily he seems completely healthy and happy besides that .
He ’s already gained some weight in the couple of days I ’ve had him .
I ’ve been feeding him half dry kitten food , and half out of a baby animal bottle .
It ’s so cute to watch him use the bottle .
After asking around , I found a couple of loving potential homes for him .
I have four cats of my own , but I ’m enjoying fostering him in the meantime !
He is very cuddly , and he loves people and other animals .
Here we go – another collective private tracker open signup update .
This post lists summarized information about 12 private torrent trackers currently open for signup .
Featured sites includes trackers that specialize in various niches such as music , movies , games , comics , sports and of course , high definition content .
Each entry in this post includes updated site statistics , signup URLs and of course links to full tracker reviews that were recently published on this blog ( which we recommend reading before signing up ) .
In case you are unfamiliar with our collective tracker updates , the aim of these articles is to revisit the best sites we discussed in detail during a specific time period ( usually the last 1 - 2 months ) .
In case you missed out on a tracker when we originally featured it , here ’s another chance for you to check it out .
UPDATE : Article updated with StB open signups .
See end of post for more information .
Punk Torrents
Site Name : Punk Torrents ( http://www.forum.punktorrents.com)
Signup URL : http://www.forum.punktorrents.com/member.php?action=register
Stats : 30700 + members and ~4900 torrents
Description : Punk Torrents is a forum based private torrent tracker that has a lot torrents ( audio and some music videos ) related to punk , ska and hardcore music genres .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
inPeril
Site Name : InPeril ( http://www.inperil.net)
Signup URL : http://www.inperil.net/signup.php
Stats : 23000 + members and 11500 + torrents
Description : inPeril ( formerly known as danger.lv ) is a fairly large general tracker that has n’t received much hype in the BT community .
Despite the lack of hype , it ’s a decent general tracker which has a large user base and tracks a lot of torrents .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
ComicBT
: ComicBT ( http://comicbt.com : 1100 torrents and 1300 members : ComicBT is a brand new tracker for comic book torrents .
Although a new entrant to the BT scene , this tracker has grown rapidly and has expanded its torrent index past 1000 in a short period of time .
Read full review for more info .
The Empire
Site Name : The Empire ( http://www.theempire.bz)
Signup URL : http://www.theempire.bz/signup.php
Stats : ~1000 torrents
Description : The Empire ( or TE ) specializes in shows from commonwealth countries – television shows from Canada , South Africa , Australia , New Zealand and other regions may be found here .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Midnight Arab Torrents ( MAT )
Site Name : Midnight Arab Torrents ( http://www.midnightarab-torrents.org)
Signup URL : http://www.midnightarab-torrents.org/signup.php
Stats : 2000 users and 16000 + torrents
Description : Midnight Arab Torrents is a fast growing General tracker with great pre times .
A lot of new torrents are uploaded daily , thanks to the site ’s autouploader bots .
Read the full review for a detail account on site features .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Across The Tasman
Site Name : Across The Tasman ( http://acrossthetasman.com)
Signup URL : http://acrossthetasman.com/register.php
Stats : 14800 members
Description : AcrossTheTasman ( ATT ) is a dedicated sports torrent tracker that is home to sports releases not found on most other BitTorrent trackers .
For instance , ATT is one of the very few sites that index cricket torrents .
That ’s not all , they have a lot of Rubgy , Mortor Racing , Tennis , Australian Soccer and other sports content indexed as well .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Diwana
Site Name : Diwana ( http://diwana.org)
Signup URL : http://diwana.org/signup.php
Stats : 34200 + members and 26000 + torrents
Description : Diwana is a BitTorrent site that tracks television shows from Australia and New Zealand .
Apart from drama , documentaries , comedies , lifestyles shows , kids shows , etc , Diwana tracks a whole lot of sports content including cricket and rugby torrents .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
PIG2PIG
Site Name : PIG2PIG ( http://pig2pig.com)
Signup URL : http://pig2pig.com/signup.php
Stats : 10400 + users and ~6000 torrents
Description : PIG2PIG is a new HD tracker based in China – it tracks HD movies , anime , TV shows and documentaries along with a few PC games .
Good activity on indexed torrents .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Gormogon
Site Name : Gormogon ( http://www.gormogon.com)
Signup URL : http://www.gormogon.com/index.php?page=signup
Stats : ~5000 members and 10100 + torrents
Description : Gormogon is a private tracker specializing in retro movies and TV shows .
Films and television series produced between 1930 – 2000 can be found here .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
TPTB
Site Name : TPTB ( http://teamtptb.com)
Signup URL : http://teamtptb.com/signup.php
Stats : ~500 torrents
Description : TPTB ( or The Powers That Be ) is a very unique private tracker that tracks PC game rips .
There are a lot of exclusive releases here , including many that are n’t found on other private or public torrent sites .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Awesome -HD
Site Name : Awesome - HD ( http://awesome-hd.net)
Signup URL : http://awesome-hd.net/register.php
Stats : ~1800 torrents
Description : Awesome HD is a Gazelle based private tracker for all things HD .
The site recently launched AHD 4.1 , a new version of the tracker based on Gazelle RC2 .
For a full list of features refer to the full review .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
GazelleGames
Site Name : GazelleGames ( http://gazellegames.net)
Signup URL : http://gazellegames.net/register.php
Stats : ~500 torrents and 3400 + users
Description : GazelleGames is a fast growing private tracker for PC and console games .
Based on Gazelle RC2 , GGn boasts and impressive set of features not found on most similar tracker .
For dull site details , refer to the full review .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
SyncTheBits
Site Name : SyncTheBits ( http://www.syncthebits.com)
Signup URL : http://www.syncthebits.com/register.php
Stats : 4810 + users and 4800 + torrents
Description : StB is a Gazelle based private tracker for mobile applications , games , themes , movies , ebooks , etc for a number of different mobile platforms including iPhone , Android , Symbian , Windows Mobile , Palm , PSP , Java , BlackBerry and more .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Bonus : Almost all the trackers in TBZ Studios tracker family are also open for signup .
Check this post for more details .
Christopher Stone publicly threatened to release nude pictures of a 19 - year - old girl if she did n't stop talking to his friend .
Five months later , he appeared in a news report calmly warning teens about the dangers of " sextortion . "
[ There was a video here ]
In an investigative report shown on LA's Fox 11 July 8th , reporter Phil Shuman explores the scary new phenomenon called " sextortion " :
A new type of blackmail is trapping teenagers , especially those who have sent provocative pictures to friends .
Hackers are stealing those photos and threatening their senders .
The segment was part of a " FOX 11 Investigates " piece , but they obviously did not do any investigation into their sextortion " expert , " 31 - year - old Christopher Stone .
Stone owns the sleazy teen gossip site StickyDrama , and the even sleazier amateur porn site sticky - n00dz.com .
And any expertise Stone has in sextortion comes from his own attempts at bullying a teenaged girl into silence by threatening to release topless pictures of her .
On February 7 , he tweeted at a 19 - year - old girl , " Message him again , and your floppy titties are spammed all over the place .
Last warning . "
The tweet is now deleted , but the girl at whom at whom it was directed confirms its authenticity .
According to the girl — we 'll call her Sarah — the link included in the tweet was to a underaged topless picture she had sent to a friend a couple years ago .
Stone had somehow got hold of it , and when he wanted her to stop talking to a mutual friend he tweeted the picture and threatened to distribute " all over the place , " presumably via one of his websites .
Eventually , Stone took down the picture to " cover his ass , " Sarah says .
But she says he still holds the picture over her head to keep her from speaking with their friend .
" I 've been getting threats that he still has those pictures , and if I talk to anyone about it or stick my nose into anything then he 'll release them , " Sarah says .
In preparing their sextortion piece , Fox 11 reporter Phil Shuman and producer Martin Burns missed the fact that Stone is an unbelievable scumbag and an accomplished sextortionist himself .
( Burns is up for an Emmy this year for a different story .
Maybe this was just an off day ? )
They tapped Stone as their expert , and he somehow kept a straight face while describing to them exactly what he did to Sarah .
" You force them to do more and more and more .
And then when they refuse , you take all your massive collection and throw it out for everyone to see anyway . "
Talking about Stone , Sarah says :
" He scares me shitless .
He 's got so much stuff on me that I 'm afraid to say anything — he 'll take anything he can to smash you . "
Sarah says she 's not the only teen Stone has intimidated with the threat of releasing compromising photos or information , and we 've heard plenty other similar stories .
Pretty despicable !
Even for a guy who watched a live - streamed rape and blogged about it but forgot to report it to police .
Update : Sarah clarifies that the picture Chris tweeted was taken and sent to her friend about a week after her 18th birthday .
So Chris was legally being a horrible person .
Previously
StickyDrama : The Teen Gossip Site Run By a 31 - Year - old Pornographer
StickyDrama's Owner Recorded a Live - Streamed Rape and Blogged About It — But Didn't Report It
For many years , faith - based health providers have received enormous sums of money from both state - based and private entities to provide healthcare services .
More recently , that healthcare has included treatment for people living with HIV and AIDS .
Unfortunately , many of these providers do not provide a full range of preventative care , especially advice on the use of and access to condoms to prevent the spread of HIV .
Too few people have questioned whether the faith - based groups ’ use of those funds is as effective as it might be .
This report raises some of those questions and provides some proposals for how we might move forward towards more transparency .
For many years , faith - based health providers have received enormous sums of money from both state - based and private entities to provide healthcare services .
More recently , that healthcare has included treatment for people living with HIV and AIDS .
Unfortunately , many of these providers do not provide a full range of preventative care , especially advice on the use of and access to condoms to prevent the spread of HIV .
Too few people have questioned whether the faith - based groups ’ use of those funds is as effective as it might be .
This report , sponsored by Catholics for Choice , raises some of those questions and provides some proposals for how we might move forward towards more transparency .
At the end of this report is a series of recommendations that we will be sending to public and private funders of HIV / AIDS care around the world .
In the early years of the AIDS epidemic , recalls Calle Almedal , a longtime HIV / AIDS advocate , Catholic hospitals and other institutions which were mainly staffed by nuns were the only ones that would treat patients dying of AIDS .
From New York City to Uganda , as AIDS victims were shunned by hospitals and left to die at home , often the only facilities that would take them in were Catholic .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE Catholics for Choice shapes and advances sexual and reproductive ethics that are based on justice , reflect a commitment to women ’s well - being and respect and affirm the moral capacity of women and men to make decisions about their lives .
It reminds Almedal , a gay man and a Catholic who has worked at the intersection of faith - based organizations and AIDS for more than a decade , of an encounter in 1986 with an Irish nun who worked in a Catholic hospital .
“ She looked at me with her very blue eyes and said , ‘ Mr. Almedal , do you think that condoms are the only solution ? ’
I said no , and she looked at me and said , ‘ Nor do I . ’
The nun and her staff were distributing condoms .
And they were talking about abstinence . ”
This disconnect between talk and action that stands out in Almedal ’s mind has long characterized faith - based work on HIV / AIDS , as religious groups working in the field part ways with the strictures of their traditions and hierarchies , and in recent years the mandates of conservative American funders , in order to deliver potentially life - saving resources to populations most vulnerable to the disease .
“ The doctrine is there , but then you have the pastoral care , which is about the reality that people live in , ” Almedal says .
“ And that ’s where those nuns were – out there in reality , and they gave realistic advice to people . ”
But the principled duplicity of these private acts of resistance seems , in recent years , to have hardened into a new status quo when it comes to partnerships between US and even international funding organizations – meant to be part of the “ evidence - based community ” – and the conservative FBOs that proudly are not .
After six years of billions of dollars of conditional HIV / AIDS funding from the US PEPFAR program , the landscape for FBOs and HIV is incontrovertibly altered , and not all for the good .
With rising HIV rates – thanks to abstinence - only education in Africa – and an apparent ( and possibly related ) spike in anti-gay campaigns across the continent , the global AIDS community might be witnessing a new phase of the old equation : that silence , even silent dissent , can equal death .
Faith - Based Aid
This July , before the 18th International AIDS Conference , a biannual confab hosted by a roster of international bodies , including the United Nations Program on HIV / AIDS ( UNAIDS ) , a coalition of religious groups and representatives gathered to discuss the role of faith - based groups in confronting the epidemic .
If the meeting resembled its last iteration , what that role is remains a very fraught question .
In 2008 , nearly 500 faith - based delegates , mostly from Christian nonprofits , gathered in Mexico City for a faith - based pre-meeting to AIDS 2008 .
The pre-conference , “ Faith in Action Now ! , ” organized by the international Christian group Ecumenical Advocacy Alliance , featured a number of heavyweights in Christian AIDS work , including Saddleback Church , the Vatican - based UNAIDS partner CARITAS Internationalis , and the massive US evangelical charity World Vision .
Besides the star power of Saddleback pastor Rick Warren and his wife , Kay , who led American evangelicals in embracing AIDS activism , the meeting exposed several divides in today ’s faith - based HIV movement : between mainline Christians and evangelicals , between Christians and the underrepresented non-Christians , but mostly , between the abiding camps of the culture wars .
“ It was probably the biggest conference we ’ve had , ” says the Rev. Jape Mokgethi - Heath , an Anglican priest in South Africa , “ but a number of cracks were beginning to emerge in showing how the faith - based sector does n’t necessarily come from the same background .
There were groups that felt if we spoke about prevention , as faith - based organizations , we have to give prevention messages for everybody .
And there were people very uncomfortable talking about providing prevention for sex workers , men who have sex with men and injecting drug users . ”
“ No one wanted to talk about prevention .
‘ That ’s not what we ’re here for , ’ they said , ” recalls Catholics for Choice president Jon O’Brien .
Much of the opposition centered , predictably , around objections to condoms , which religious conservatives view as condoning and enabling lifestyles they disapprove of .
Indeed , the Alliance ’s official faith - based advocacy activities during the main conference , which drew tens of thousands , focused on travel restrictions , workplace discrimination , children ’s access to treatment and generic anti-retroviral drugs .
Noticeably absent from this list was anything concerning prevention .
Subsequent faith - based meetings in Istanbul and New York , as the UN Population Fund sought opinions on how best to partner with FBOs , revealed the same quiet struggle , as many groups refused to discuss issues like condoms , prevention and vulnerable populations like sex workers .
In the end , UNFPA declared the topics of collaboration would be the relatively uncontroversial goals of ending violence against women and lowering maternal mortality .
These debates are familiar to anyone who ’s paid attention to the evolution of the President ’s Emergency Provision for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR , since former president George W. Bush launched the $ 15 billion plan in 2003 .
Key to the massive outlay of government funds was the administration ’s insistence that one - third of all prevention funds be used for abstinence - only education , and their practice of privileging startup conservative evangelical nonprofits that had the correct ideology but often little or no experience in development or AIDS work .
What ’s less clear is the effect had by international bodies like UNAIDS or UNFPA doing outreach to faith - based groups , including groups pushing a conservative sexual agenda , and how much the UN may have reinforced PEPFAR ’s problematic restrictions .
The problems that have been identified at the UN level point back to the manner in which US funds influences the UN agenda .
PEPFAR
Although religiously - affiliated medical institutions and other organizations were among the first to work with HIV / AIDS patients , the Jubilee 2000 movement for global debt relief , tied to the Catholic celebration of the millennium , started the popular drive for a faith - based response to HIV / AIDS .
While the early movement was dominated by progressive faith groups , they sought the broad support of a big tent , and pushed the Bush administration to address AIDS .
Paul Zeitz , the co-founder and executive director of the Global AIDS Alliance , says that when they did , Bush ’s existing efforts to fund conservative faith - based initiatives influenced how PEPFAR money would be spent .
“ As PEPFAR was being designed , there was a premeditated plan to make sure that faith groups sharing the administration ’s ideological perspective would benefit .
It was a well thought - out plan , ” Zeitz says .
One year in , Bush launched the New Partners Initiative , which called for applications from groups with scant experience working with government grants .
“ What it meant was the old partners , the public health people who distributed condoms , were disdained , ” explains Jodi Jacobson , the founder and former executive director of the Center for Health and Gender Equality .
“ The new partners , many of whom had never stepped foot in Africa , were suddenly getting millions of dollars to go there .
As far as we were concerned , it was a slush fund for the far right . ”
As reports of PEPFAR spending came in , programmatic horror stories abounded : evangelical grantees who counseled women to stay with abusive husbands , or avoid domestic violence by dressing differently ; a Ugandan pastor famously praying over a box of burning condoms ; a Cameroonian peer education project that required HIV - positive female volunteers to not have any more children ; and a Nigerian abstinence - only project targeted at sex workers .
More broadly , partners like World Vision , which received more than $ 750 million between 2006 and 2008 alone , have been blunt in faith - based hiring preferences , stating , “ There ’s no encouragement for a career here if you ’re not a Christian . ”
And an investigation conducted by the Center for Public Integrity found that evangelical agencies independently determined unfit for funding nonetheless received support thanks to their ties to the Bush White House .
Ellen Marshall , a public policy consultant for the International Women ’s Health Coalition , says that such stories pale beside the overarching reality that PEPFAR grantees are allowed to refuse certain services within US law .
“ They ’re not horror stories when we just know point - blank that people are not getting all the services and information that they need to protect themselves against HIV .
That is the horror story that is square on the shoulders of Congress . ”
Additional PEPFAR conditions prohibited needle exchange programs , banned family planning services in Prevention of Mother - to - Child Transmission Clinics , required grantees to sign an anti-prostitution loyalty pledge , even if they served sex workers , and allowed broad refusal clauses that could permit grantees to refuse service to anyone based on moral objections .
Although there has been hope that the Obama administration will correct PEPFAR ’s ideologically - driven culture to again promote evidence - based work , just this February the ACLU filed a lawsuit against the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , the agency responsible for distributing most PEPFAR funds , for refusing to comply with two Freedom of Information Act requests pertaining to a 2009 audit by the US Inspector General .
The audit revealed that USAID had directly funded religious training materials that included Bible stories and proselytism through its “ Abstinence and Behavior Change for Youth ” program , and that the agency faces “ recurring questions about the applicability of the Establishment Clause overseas . ”
“ What the [ Inspector General ’s ] report did n’t indicate is what happened next , ” says ACLU Senior Staff Attorney Brigitte Amiri , and whether the curriculum has since been withdrawn .
“ We ’re concerned that they have n’t issued that mandate , because they seem to be unconcerned with these violations of church and state . ”
Paul Zeitz says the conflict seems to be an inevitable consequence of progressive AIDS activists partnering with politically powerful conservative evangelicals , who were able to help PEPFAR bring about a sea change in the global AIDS field , but who brought their own demands to the table .
At the time , Zeitz says , the conflicting camps agreed that , beyond all ideological differences , they wanted more money spent on AIDS , and quickly .
“ Our view is that we want to see billions spent on health equity and to advance human rights , ” Zeitz says .
“ We ’d rather have a huge battle about where the money should be going rather than have a huge battle without any money . ”
The huge battle came , and conservative titans like Focus on the Family countered progressive criticism by attacking groups that promoted condoms , and successfully pushing to defund two major AIDS coalitions .
There were individual casualties as well .
The Rev. Mokgethi- Heath ’s organization INERELA + , a network for clergy affected by HIV / AIDS , was denied PEPFAR funding because part of its program included needle exchange , and PEPFAR did n’t allow selective funding for groups that transgressed any of its regulations .
In lobbying PEPFAR ’s authors in the US Congress , Mokgethi - Heath found that there were baffling systemic cultural problems built into the program that conflicted with all previous standards for effective HIV / AIDS work .
“ I remember going to various staffers in Washington , ” he says , “ trying to advocate for a greater response in terms of openness and to show how some of the policies around PEPFAR were increasing stigma instead of overcoming it .
On one occasion when we walked into the office of a staffer for a Republican senator , this lady said to me , ‘ Why would you want to do away with stigma ?
I think stigma is a very good thing .
I think stigma helps to moderate people ’s behavior . ' ”
The UN and PEPFAR
While Zeitz saw pragmatic reasons to secure PEPFAR funding quickly before beginning the long debate over how it would be spent , he was troubled by the silence of international groups like UNAIDS on the flaws of PEPFAR .
“ For those of us in the beltway fighting the PEPFAR policy voraciously , we were troubled that the international normative agencies were pretty mute about the flaws of the policy they were promulgating .
Of course , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) got US money .
And UNAIDS – a third of their money came from the [ US ] government . ”
From the early years of PEPFAR , Zeitz and others charged that PEPFAR ’s restrictions were tying the hands of local advocates .
But they found many expected allies missing from the fight .
Then - UNAIDS Executive Director Peter Piot , “ never spoke out about PEPFAR prevention policies , ” says Zeitz .
“ And he was a scientist and knew better .
They left it to a few small organizations to fight back , and I think we failed .
They argued that we were the outside voice and they were doing inside / outside , and trying to mitigate the negative impact [ from within the system ] .
Did we strike the right balance ?
I do n’t know . ”
Piot , who says he no longer talks to the press about his UNAIDS work since leaving the agency , has come under criticism from other progressive HIV / AIDS advocates as well .
Jodi Jacobson says that under Piot ’s leadership , UNAIDS had close ties with PEPFAR authorities , in part because the US was putting such large funds into global AIDS and the money pressured UNAIDS and WHO to “ be in line with the US ideological agenda . ”
In 2004 , Piot co-authored an op - ed with PEPFAR head Ambassador Randall Tobias , a conservative abstinence promoter who said condoms “ really have not been very effective ” and who campaigned against prostitution until his involvement in a 2007 prostitution scandal forced his resignation .
( Prior to leaving , Tobias , together with US Global AIDS Coordinator Mark Dybul , hosted a cocktail reception for Piot to celebrate his leadership on AIDS . )
And in 2007 , Piot appeared at Saddleback Church ’s Global AIDS Summit to praise the work of religious leaders on HIV / AIDS and the US for its PEPFAR funding .
The result of these friendly relations , Jacobson says , was that partnering more indiscriminately with FBOs became a hallmark of the global AIDS movement .
“ There ’s a tendency towards fads in the UN agencies , and the faith - based groups became the fad then , and everybody had to work with them . ”
“ My feeling is that international agencies like UNAIDS rushed , like the Bush administration ” to partner with faith - based groups , says Jacobson , “ because they pandered all the time to what the Bush administration wanted to do and lost their objectivity about who should be getting money , and did n’t ask who and what for .
It ’s not that we had n’t worked with [ FBOs ] before , but they had had to work on human rights and effectiveness standards .
When the Bush administration came in , they did n’t have to anymore . ”
Jacobson , whose criticisms of the close ties she saw between PEPFAR and international groups like UNAIDS and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , resulted in her being uninvited to various discussion lists , recalls that groups like the Global Coalition on Women and AIDS , a UNAIDS partner , would tour the US and never speak a word of criticism about the controversial PEPFAR program , leading to an impression in the HIV advocacy community that “ UNAIDS was pretty much in the pocket of the Bush administration . ”
“ If the US holds the purse strings for UNAIDS , then you need someone to stand up .
And we had a wet noodle in Peter Piot , ” says Jacobson .
The UN and Religion
Azza Karam , senior culture adviser at the UNFPA , which supports HIV / AIDS work related to the sexual health agenda , explained the shift at the organization in recent years , following the vision of executive director Thoraya Ahmed Obaid , to focus more on cultural components of the disease .
While under the complicated division of labor between UN agencies , “ culture ” has long been the province of the UN Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) alone , the host of taboo topics like sexuality that swirl around HIV / AIDS necessitated more engagement with cultural questions .
“ HIV / AIDS has been the domain where all the issues we could n’t touch in development communities we had to touch , ” says Karam .
“ The mandate was , we can talk about cultural mandates to change and identify them , ” says Karam , “ but there are so many agents of change and perhaps the strongest are in the faith - based sector . ”
Part of the UNFPA decision to emphasize culture meant mapping out the variety of faith - based actors and confronting problems like the opposition of local leaders to condom access through culturally sensitive solutions , like devising means for condom distribution through traditional authorities and religious institutions .
An agency - wide UNFPA survey revealed that the clear majority of its 112 worldwide offices already had strong relationships with faith - based groups , and with good reason , as FBOs are often the longest - serving and most trusted organizations on the ground in developing nations .
“ We ’d been making partnerships over the years , but suddenly it became mainstream , ” says Karam .
“ What that translated into was two things : active outreach to groups who would n’t have been traditional development partners – transsexuals , MSM , sex workers : the groups you need to target to spread awareness and medicine – but then you realize that you have to reach out to groups that are marginalizing HIV / AIDS sufferers and stigmatizing them .
The ones saying ‘ do n’t do condoms , do n’t do family planning . ’
A culturally sensitive approach means you have to see [ the first ] group , and the group that is marginalizing that group .
It ’s prioritizing human capital above all . ”
The outreach to those doing the marginalizing was intended , Karam says , to bring multiple groups together : existing faith - based partners that either publicly or privately supported the UN ’s human - rights agenda as well as FBOs opposed to that agenda , so that UNFPA ’s friends in religious communities could be mobilized to take on opponents .
“ The UN cannot do the religious preaching , ” says Karam .
“ What we can do is facilitate .
We can convene them , identify the ones who believe and behave along human rights lines , and get them to understand their power .
Then they can be the front lines with the detractors .
About what God intended , how the prophet lived .
“ We ’re not doing outreach to the tough guys – at least not directly .
The people who work with us , who are our partners , are having themselves to confront some of that traditionalism . ”
Talk Versus Action
Part of the identification process Karam described in finding out which FBOs are “ friends ” included separating religious rhetoric from FBOs ’ actions on the ground .
The Achilles heel of the development world , according to Karam , is their consistent self - marginalization by dismissing opponents as fundamentalists .
Rather , development workers should listen to religious rhetoric – such as the pope ’s recent statements that condoms exacerbate the spread of HIV / AIDS – and then look at who’s on the ground , at the Catholic nuns providing condoms or referring people to places where they can obtain them .
“ You realize this community is there and they ’ve been there for ages , and we ’ve dismissed them because of what some of their leaders tell us . ”
A recent New York Times op - ed by Nicholas Kristof sounded a similar note , praising FBOs like World Vision for expanding the evangelical agenda and deflecting criticism about their enduring sexual concerns by noting the quiet resistance of Catholic nuns and priests who distribute condoms to AIDS patients .
It ’s a common refrain , and not without merit .
Many international HIV / AIDS advocates share the impression that FBO workers privately dissent , either to official church doctrines or funding conditionalities , through their actions in the field .
“ In some ways , ” says Kevin Osborne , Senior HIV Advisor for International Planned Parenthood , the disconnect between talk and action is “ a good thing , because people on the ground are responding to realities .
The bad thing is that it allows dogma to continue , and it allows people to think that everybody is bad .
All people get tarnished with a brush that [ FBOs are ] all bad .
And that ’s too bad , because there are a lot of good – Catholic in particular – groups doing amazing work in a very progressive manner .
At the coalface , people are saying we have to provide condoms , not moralize , and treat everyone who comes in – gay men , people using drugs – because that ’s what our role is . ”
Among the groups Osborne mentions is Catholic Relief Services , which he says has done amazing work not just around orphans and vulnerable children , but also under - the - radar sexuality education .
“ I think that these groups are more prevalent than you think they are .
But on the international level , nobody tackles the bigger issue , because everyone thinks they are toeing the line . ”
What it also leads to , says the Rev. Kapya Kaoma , a Zambian Anglican priest and a researcher for progressive think tank Political Research Associates , is the incidence of nonprofits shaping their proposals to the strictures of funders , even when they know that abstinence education is ineffective .
As one Ugandan doctor memorably told Kaoma , abstinence education works in one regard alone : to raise funds from international organizations .
Zeitz describes a sense in Africa in the 1990s that hyper - conservative groups were being reined in by evidence - based policies .
Among FBOs , there was a culture of open dissent to some aspects of religious dogma , with Catholic groups in Zambia secretly but widely distributing condoms .
But this ethos was reversed by the influx of Bush - era American money .
When Zeitz returned in 2006 with a representative from World Vision , his inquiries about condoms were met with incredulity .
“ They looked at me like I was speaking Chinese , ” he says .
Part of the response might be understandable local wariness that the abstinence - promoting World Vision is checking up on FBOs ’ regulatory compliance , but part of it , Zeitz suspects , is a cultural shift .
“ When Bush came and brought PEPFAR , they channeled money to those hyper - conservative groups and reawakened them .
I think it will take years and years until the chilling and reawakening forces will be done . ”
FBOs and African Homophobia
The effect of tailoring programs to funding is n’t necessarily limited to small organizations .
Uganda ’s President Museveni , who championed condom distribution during the early days of the country ’s “ ABC ” prevention program , later disavowed them , and his wife , Janet , became an abstinence crusader .
“ People all over Africa thought his shift in policy to promoting abstinence , which led to an increase in HIV , was part of a political strategy to get him a third term with US help , ” says Zeitz .
The turnaround in Uganda ’s approach to HIV / AIDS , and its possible motivation in US coffers , had another effect as well .
In late 2009 , much of the world was outraged by news of Uganda ’s anti-homosexuality bill , which called for the death penalty for some acts of gay sex , and created a pogrom - like atmosphere with a provision to punish people who do n’t inform on citizens they know to be gay .
The Rev. Kaoma conducted a yearlong investigation into the relationship between conservative clergy in Africa and the US .
Focusing on Uganda , Nigeria and Kenya , Kaoma documented a clear trend of the US Christian conservatives fighting a proxy culture war in African countries , helping exacerbate anti-gay hysteria and leaving the fate of African sexual minorities as collateral damage in their effort to shore up global south support against mainline US denominations .
While US conservatives ’ ultimate goals may be domestic , the result they ’ve had in Africa has been dramatic , reviving a culture of vicious repression of gay rights through the involvement of evangelical figures ranging from the powerful Rick Warren to fringe homophobes like Scott Lively , who testified to the Ugandan parliament in the months before Uganda ’s anti-gay bill was written that homosexuality was tied to the Holocaust and the Rwandan genocide .
Part of the effectiveness of American missionaries - cum - political advisors stirring African homophobia has been their savvy appeal to postcolonial pride , declaring homosexuality a decadent Western imposition .
Similar sentiments have been on display from Catholic officials as well .
This October , the African Synod at the Vatican – representing 300 bishops and cardinals from dioceses that have received tens of millions of dollars in PEPFAR funding – declared that progressive Western nonprofits were engaged in a deliberate neo-colonial “ anti- family ” campaign to corrupt African values through the promotion of condoms and moral relativism .
Ghanaian Archbishop Charles Palmer - Buckle went so far as to suggest that Western NGO workers “ hang around boys in order to introduce them to homosexual relationships ” through condom education .
The irony of the charges of colonialism , notes the Rev. Mokgethi-Heath is that African rhetoric about “ throwing off the shackles of colonialism ” ignores the colonial origins of conservative evangelicalism in Africa .
The Rev. Kaoma agrees , incredulous that Africa ’s historical acceptance of sexualities counter to conservative mores , including homosexuality , premarital sex and polygamy , has been dismissed .
“ The same argument against homosexuality is used against condoms : that this is Africa , and we have to defend our morals , ” says Kaoma .
“ There ’s nothing African about abstinence . ”
But Kaoma says that the outsized credibility visiting white pastors receive in Africa is to blame , with even renegades like Lively , shunned by US evangelicals , ranking an audience with Uganda ’s leadership .
The results , even before last fall ’s anti-gay bill , have been horrific .
Pastor Martin Ssempa of Uganda ’s Makarere University Community Church , a PEPFAR fundee and early ally of both Rick Warren and the Musevenis – he was named “ special representative of the First Lady ’s Task Force on AIDS in Uganda ” – went beyond burning condoms to help lead the country ’s anti-gay movement , declaring that homosexuals should have no rights and no place in the country ’s HIV / AIDS framework ; publishing the names and addresses of LGBT rights activists and , most recently , screening gay pornography to his Kampala congregation and asking , “ Is this what Obama wants to bring to Africa ? ”
Although Ssempa may have lost some powerful friends – the Warrens distanced themselves in 2007 after negative publicity about Ssempa – he is not alone .
In 2007 , the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission discovered that the Uganda Muslim Tabliqh Women ’s Desk , another PEPFAR grantee , was likely connected to a planned “ Anti-Gay Squad , ” which Tabliqh Organization senior cleric Sheikh Multah Bukenya said would “ wipe out all abnormal practices like homosexuality in our society . ”
Compounding the rhetoric of American interlopers like Scott Lively , Emmanuel Kolini , Archbishop of the Anglican Church of Rwanda , also a PEPFAR grantee in a country considering its own anti-gay bill , and a partner with Warren in making Rwanda the first “ Purpose - Driven Nation , ” has dealt in similar insinuations , calling homosexuality a form of “ moral genocide ” – a deadly accusation in a country with Rwanda ’s history .
And the Church of Uganda , a PEPFAR - recipient under the leadership of the virulently anti-gay Archbishop Henry Luke Orombi , has made equivocating statements about the anti-gay bill – suggesting that life imprisonment is a better sentence than death – that demonstrate how reactionary discourse about gay rights , and its inherent links to HIV / AIDS work , has become in the country .
Victor Mukasa , a research and policy associate for the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission ( IGLHRC ) , describes the sanctions against media outlets and development officials who have spoken about HIV and homosexuality , which included a public warning , published in a newspaper , to a UNAIDS representative who met with LGBT groups , asking him to leave the country .
“ It shows what power these people have , and how horribly they have affected the fight against HIV / AIDS in Uganda , ” he says , noting the increase in infection rates in recent years .
With options for prevention information or care often limited to groups like Ssempa ’s church or even the Church of Uganda , Mukasa asks , “ Who wants to go there for an HIV test or treatment ?
Who wants to go and die there or get arrested there ?
Who wants to go to Makerere church if they ’re gay ?
No one !
People are going to remain in their closets and continue having high - risk sex activities with each other without a condom , without protection or education because nobody will educate them about what to use .
And what will be the end ?
It will be devastating . ”
Mukasa , who is from Uganda , says IGLHRC has noted similar welcomes for US conservative evangelicals in Nigeria , Rwanda and Ethiopia .
“ There ’s a neo - colonialist attitude that ’s driving our conservative class , ” says Kaoma , referring to the importation of American - born solutions to AIDS like the Warrens ’ Purpose - Driven plans in Rwanda and Uganda .
“ What pains me most is that they ’re using Africa as a testing board , a guinea pig for these ideologies .
And when they backfire , ” he says , noting that HIV rates are on the rise again in Africa , “ they ’ll jump out again . ”
Division of Labor
Part of the solution to rifts in the HIV movement could be dividing funding and work into appropriate sectors .
For Catholic groups that traditionally cared for the dying , mitigating the impact of AIDS on sufferers , Mokgethi - Heath says , a continued focus on treatment is an uncontroversial choice .
And indeed , South African bishops created a celebrated large - scale treatment program that delivers huge amounts of ARV medications to poor patients .
A guiding compromise at the level of groups like the Global AIDS Alliance has been partnering with conservative faith - based groups where they ’re willing to work – on care , with orphans – and leaving prevention and condom distribution to groups that embrace comprehensive sex ed .
“ Our approach is to create strategic alignments based on the policy content that we ’re trying to advance , ” says Zeitz , “ so when we ’re working on prevention , we work with the evidence - based crowd , and when we work with orphans , we work with Rick Warren and Kay . ”
Ellen Marshall hopes that the Office of the US Global AIDS Coordinator will slowly try to formalize this approach and find a way out of some of the abuses of the early PEPFAR years – developing a “ graceful and legal way ” to shift faith - based groups opposed to prevention to work solely on treatment .
“ Undoing this takes forever , and it takes a different reason to undo it than , ‘ you ’re not providing the full range of services , ’ because they ’re legally protected in doing that . ”
However , says Kevin Osborne , sectorizing HIV work in this way is no longer simple in the age of life - extending treatments that allow HIV positive people to continue having active sexual lives .
“ I think there has been a push for them to do that , to get [ conservative FBOs ] away on principle from the trickiness of prevention , i.e. abstinence .
But now what we ’ve learned about HIV is that the dividing line is n’t that simple anymore .
That ’s going to be another challenge for faith communities – because they do n’t have to worry too much about them dying , because people are getting well – but how do I deal with people ’s vibrant sexuality ?
As we ’ve acknowledged globally , prevention and care are not even two sides of the same coin , but [ part of ] a continuum and it ’s seamless .
And it ’s [ on ] that seamless continuum that a lot of battles have to be fought . ”
Part of those battles will concern criminalization of HIV transmission : a trend Osborne sees as in keeping with the current anti-gay movements in Africa , or campaigns against sex workers elsewhere – all related responses to HIV that eschew the human rights orientation that development work should support .
“ The fight against gays , that ’s the topic of the moment , but tomorrow it will be something else , ” Osborne says .
“ It ’s just the culture of selective human rights . ”
Real Dissent
Not all FBOs practice dissent silently , either against PEPFAR conditionality or the broader prohibitions of their faiths .
In the ongoing debate over abstinence and condoms , Bishop Kevin Dowling of the Catholic Diocese of Rustenberg , South Africa , is the preeminent example of principled disobedience against the Vatican and doctrine .
Dowling , who has worked on HIV / AIDS in South Africa for nearly 20 years , starting community - level home healthcare projects in townships and mining settlements , has received PEPFAR money in recent years to participate in South Africa ’s highly successful ARV program , which has treated approximately 70,000 people through 17 Catholic hospitals and clinics since 2004 .
However , the work Dowling became famous for , and for which he has been sharply censured by his church and colleagues , is publicly distributing condoms throughout South Africa ’s shack settlements .
Dowling , who began his prevention work with women performing survival sex work on the outskirts of South African mining camps , says promotion of condoms is an issue of being fully prolife .
“ The fact is that we are dealing with 99.9 percent recurring people who are not Catholics .
I think it ’s a matter of conscience for me that we do n’t offload on them the restrictions required by official Catholic teachings .
I ca n’t understand the argument that goes , ‘ If you are going to have sex anyway and you ’re HIV positive , and you ’ve decided not to abstain or be faithful , then in terms of Catholic teaching you ’re breaking the Sixth Commandment : thou shall not commit adultery . ’
Now it makes no sense to me to say , ‘ Go ahead now and break the Fifth – thou shall not kill – because it ’s illicit to use a condom to prevent the transmission of a death - giving virus . ' ”
Dowling is often alone in his stance though , isolated from his colleagues and accused of sowing confusion in the church body .
Next to this example , the fact that UNAIDS has a memorandum of understanding with Caritas Internationalis , a mammoth Catholic coalition working in more than 200 countries that upholds Catholic doctrine on prevention issues , reinforces fears that UN efforts to bring religious leaders to the table have outweighed guiding principles on human rights and evidence - based work .
“ The price we paid at the ecumenical meeting [ before the 2008 AIDS meeting ] , ” says Jon O’Brien , “ is that there was no discussion of prevention , or the difficulty of working with men who have sex with men if you see it as a sin . ”
In a 2003 interview with Vatican Radio , marking the reauthorization of a partnership agreement between Caritas Internationalis and UNAIDS , Calle Almedal , who conducted faith - based outreach for UNAIDS and now consults on the issue for the World Council of Churches , noted the stark differences between the groups over condom use .
He said that UNAIDS recognized it has been “ a bit too simplistic in our approach to condoms , ” and had not been “ sensitive enough to the issue of abstinence and being faithful , ” envisioning a technical solution to the disease .
( However , while Almedal says that faith - based organizations should become more involved in fighting AIDS , he takes the unorthodox position for an FBO outreach advisor that they should n’t do so with public money , but should finance themselves by tapping considerable church assets . )
Almedal says , “ I got snapped over my head when I brought [ comprehensive sexuality education ] up in UNAIDS . ”
But he qualifies this by saying not just FBOs , but “ the world has taken prevention off the table . ”
Some FBOs are doing more than quiet resistance , but are leading the way towards better AIDS care , as African Anglican churches declared AIDS stigma a sin , South African congregations declare themselves “ AIDS - friendly , ” and some Malawian FBOs have led secular organizations in breaking taboos on discussing sexuality .
But , as the Rev. Mokgethi - Heath says , not enough do .
“ I think the difficult thing to do , but the important thing to do , is to operate from the integrity of your position , ” he says .
“ If we have identified certain challenges in dealing with HIV , we ca n’t change our message to suit a funder .
And that will mean , from time to time , that organizations doing really good work will go under because their messages are n’t very popular .
If enough people do it , it absolutely will change the funders .
But not enough do . ”
Asked whether private dissent is enough , Bishop Kevin Dowling pauses .
“ I ca n’t demand of people to take the road I did .
It ’s very difficult and you feel great isolation and stress and you just feel alone in a very threatening world .
“ I take the passage from the Gospel where Jesus was talking to the Pharisees as the heart of the issue here : ‘ You ’re the one who places impossible burdens on the shoulders of your people , but will you lift a finger to help them carry them ? ’
I think all of us as church leaders need to take those words very seriously .
We have to do advocacy with both PEPFAR and church leadership all over sub-Saharan Africa .
We need to sit down and very honestly look at the total situation of the human person in this epidemic and unpack that fully , and ask ourselves , do we as FBOs and our partners contribute to the solution , or are we continuing to be part of the problem ? ”
Kathryn Joyce is the author of Quiverfull : Inside the Christian Patriarchy Movement , a study of conservative Christian women ’s movements ( Beacon Press , March 2009 ) .
Her articles have appeared in The Nation , Mother Jones , Newsweek and other publications .
Recommendations
We believe that there should be complete transparency about the funding that faith - based organizations receive from local , state , national and transnational institutions .
At present , it is unreasonably difficult to find out how much taxpayer money goes to fund organizations working on HIV and AIDS .
It is also very difficult to review the criteria by which public funders judge whether any organization may or may not receive funds for their HIV / AIDS work and whether there are special criteria for FBOs .
We believe that public funds going towards preventing the spread of HIV / AIDS and treating those living with HIV / AIDS should be subject to the same strictures as are public funds in other spheres .
All public funding agencies should publish annually a list of the organizations they have funded and how much money each received .
All funding agencies should develop and publish a list of criteria by which they judge whether to fund an organization .
If there are special criteria for FBOs , the reason for their existence needs to be made clear , along with the differences from the general criteria .
Finally , funding agencies must ensure that public funding is not used to allow any organization to discriminate in hiring , to refuse to provide or find reasonable alternatives for the provision of basic treatment or prevention options , or for the use of proselytizing .
In publishing those criteria , the following questions should be answered :
Do funders require evidence - based interventions from their applicants / recipients ?
Do funders require disclosure of which evidence - based interventions applicants will not undertake ?
( e.g. , for those seeking funding for prevention , are condoms and comprehensive sexuality education provided ? )
Do the applicants provide services to all groups in a non-discriminatory manner ( e.g. sex workers , men who have sex with men , etc. ) ?
For those working on treatment , do applicants provide all services to all those who need them ( e.g. ARVs , family planning to prevent unintended pregnancies , needles for intravenous drug users , etc. ) ?
In cases where funders give money despite gaps in treatment or prevention options ( and we acknowledge that there may be reasons to do so ) , what are acceptable reasons ?
When there are gaps in treatment or prevention options , what allowances or alternative schemes are set up to ensure that those gaps are filled by other organizations ?
Do funders design arrangements for the coordination of comprehensive care ?
Do funders allow recipients to handle pass - through money , trusting that they will find and pay another organization to provide the missing services ?
Abbas on mastermind
of Munich Olympics massacre :
" A wonderful brother , companion ,
tough and stubborn , relentless fighter "
PA Chairman Abbas continues honoring terrorists
by Itamar Marcus and Nan Jacques Zilberdik
Headline : " The President [ Abbas ] expresses condolences over the death of the fighters Muhammad Oudeh and Ja'afar Shadid ... "
" President Mahmoud Abbas sent a telegram of condolences yesterday over the death of the great fighter Muhammad Daoud Oudeh , ' Abu Daoud , ' who died just before reaching 70 .
The telegram of condolences read : ' The deceased was one of the prominent leaders of the Fatah movement and lived a life filled with the struggle , devoted effort , and the enormous sacrifice of the deceased for the sake of the legitimate problem of his people , in many spheres .
He was at the forefront on every battlefield , with the aim of defending the [ Palestinian ] revolution .
What a wonderful brother , companion , tough and stubborn , relentless fighter . "
[ Emphasis added . ]
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida , July 4 , 2010 ]
Reporter : " Palestinians were surprised this morning at the announcement of the death of one of the most important leaders of the Palestinian revolution , Muhammad Daoud Oudeh ( Abu Daoud ) , who engineered the Munich Operation and was one of the most important of Israel 's most wanted in the 1970s . "
Samir Al - Refa'i , member of the Fatah Revolutionary Council : " Abu Daoud , one of the Shahids ( Martyrs ) of the Fatah movement , a leader , a Shahid , who sacrificed ... "
Abu Amad Hamdan , Secretary of Fatah branch in Syria : " ...
We learned from him the principles of the revolution and the struggle . "
Unidentified participant at the funeral : " We say to him : ' We will follow the path , brother Abu Daoud ; Allah willing , we will complete the path together with the proud Fatah , Allah willing . ' "
Another funeral participant : " We are participating in the funeral of a great man and a great leader in the Palestinian national struggle . "
[ PATV ( Fatah ) , July 4 , 2010 ]
Headline : " The President [ Abbas ] held a telephone conversation with the family of the fighter Abu Daoud and expressed his condolences over his death "
" President Mahmoud Abbas yesterday held a telephone conversation with the family of the Shahid ( Martyr ) fighter Muhammad Oudeh , Abu Daoud , member of the Fatah Revolutionary Council and former head of the movement 's Supervisory Committee , and expressed his condolences over [ Oudeh 's ] death .
During the conversation the President noted [ Oudeh 's ] life filled with the struggle , his devoted effort , and the enormous sacrifice of the deceased for the sake of the legitimate problem of his people , in many spheres .
He was at the forefront on every battlefield , with the aim of defending the [ Palestinian ] revolution . "
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida , July 5 , 2010 ]
" In its [ Black September terror group 's ] ranks were many distinguished men and women , headed by the Panther of Palestine , Salah Khalaf ' Abu Iyad . '
Abu Daoud was one of his prominent assistants .
His [ Abu Daoud 's ] name shined brightly in the German city of Munich in 1972 , where the Olympics took place .
Oh , how these events evolved into a violent drama of the most tragic kind ...
May Allah have mercy on this great Fatah fighter and patriot , Abu Daoud . "
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida , July 6 , 2010 ]
Headline : " Impressive farewell to the Shahid ( Martyr ) commander Abu Daoud at the Al - Yarmouk refugee camp "
" ' He began his life as a regular individual and concluded it with giant stature . '
Thus Abbas Zaki , member of the Fatah Central Committee , described the Shahid ( Martyr ) commander Abu Daoud who parted from his brothers and from his people two nights ago , after a life spent in struggle under the flag of the Palestinian National Liberation Movement ( Fatah ) and under the flag of the PLO ...
He spent his life as a fighter for the liberation of this homeland and for the return of its dispersed children to it .
He joined Fatah upon its establishment , and directed many fighting operations against the Israeli occupation .
Generations of fighters and people of struggle were educated by him ...
Zaki described the late commander thus :
' He started his life as a regular individual and concluded it with giant stature . '
Speaking to WAFA news agency , he added : ' We have lost a man on the level of the Arab region and on the level of the world revolutionary movement , by virtue of his noble actions and his glorious history .
Bestowing this honor in every place , inside the homeland and outside of it , does justice to this mighty man . '
Dr. Samir Al - Refa 'i [ Secretary of the Fatah branch in Syria ] said : ' With the fall of Abu Daoud as a Shahid we have lost a man who is worth all other men together , but we have already become accustomed to this road being a long one , full of Shahids , commanders and fighters .
He added : ' Abu Daoud is one of the symbols of the Fatah movement .
He lived his life wounded , and his wounds testify to his path of struggle and to his continuous struggle on behalf of his people and the homeland .
He will always remain our ideal and a role model for the generations to come . ' "
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida , July 5 , 2010 ]
" They [ Israel ] say about me that I carry out terrorist activities .
What are those terrorist activities ?
That I search for those who sell land in Jerusalem and chase them .
Of course I chase them , and I shall continue to do so .
Is that a crime ?
[ Israel says , ] ' Does he [ Abbas ] not know that they [ the PA ] named a square after Dalal Mughrabi and he [ Abbas ] personally went [ to the ceremony ] ? ' -
Of course I did not go myself , but I do not deny [ the naming ] .
Of course we want to name a square after her .
Okay , what about [ murdered Israeli cabinet minister Rehavam ] Zeevi ?
They [ Israelis ] named a road after him [ in the Jordan Valley ] , near brother Saeb [ Erekat , the chief Fatah negotiator ] , and so on .
What is it [ that Israel wants ] ?
That we renounce our history ?
How ?
We ... carried out a military action ; can I then later renounce all that we have done ?
No , I do n't renounce it . "
Note :
This comment was made in response to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's protests to the US regarding PA hate incitement and terrorist glorification .
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida ( Fatah ) , Jan. 17 , 2010 ]
" Yesterday the Hebron Building Committee inaugurated a computer center named after the Shahida ( Martyr ) Dalal Mughrabi at a ceremony held for this purpose .
Present at the event were President Mahmoud Abbas 's advisor for communications and information technology ...
The center , which was funded by a contribution from the President 's Office . "
[ Al - Ayyam , May 5 , 2009 ]
" Yasser Arafat was the leader of this battle , and the leader of the path , and the commander , and the father of the contemporary Palestinian national movement .
We recall his role and emphasize his position in the movement , while we continue his long path of struggle , and complete the difficult path , drenched with sweat and blood and tears .
Our path today rests upon a glorious heritage of struggle , which we formed with courageous hands and with national sense and thought , to which was added action .
We combined the armed struggle with political action .
Our rifle was not the rifle of highway robbers .
It was a rifle that was politically committed , striving for a noble objective .
We have influenced and have been influenced by the world , with ideas about ways of liberation and political changes , and we have built excellent relations with the forces of liberation and self - liberation in the world ... "
[ Al - Hayat Al - Jadida ( Fatah ) , Nov. 12 , 2009 ]
" I send greetings of honor and esteem to all the prisoners in the occupation 's jails .
First of all to the veterans , and to the chief prisoner , Said ' Ataba [ life sentence for murder in terror attack ] , and to the [ imprisoned ] political leaders : Marwan Barghouthi [ 5 life sentences for murder in terror attacks ] , Ahmad Sa'adat [ serving 30 years in prison for heading the terrorist organization PFLP ( Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ) .
He has also been honored on PA for planning the assassination of Israeli Tourism Minister Rehavam Ze‘evi , but has not yet been tried for that crime ] , ' Aziz Duick [ chairman of the Palestinian parliament , Hamas ] , Jamal Huweil [ life sentence for planning terrorist attacks ] , Jamal Tirawi [ life sentence for murder in a cafe suicide attack ] .
Greetings to you from our people . "
[ PATV ( Fatah ) , April 17 , 2008 ]
" I demand [ the release of ] prisoners because they are human beings , who did what we ordered them to do .
We , the Authority .
They should not be punished while we sit at one table negotiating .
This is war .
One ( Israel ) ordered a soldier to kill , and I ordered my son , brother , or others , to carry out the duty of resistance ( euphemism for terror ) .
This person killed and the other person killed .
So why say this person 's hands are stained with blood , and [ he ] must be kept in prison ? "
[ PA TV ( Fatah ) , Feb. 14 , 2005 ]
" I was honored to be the one to shoot the first bullet in 1965 [ Fatah terror against Israel began in 1965 ] , and having taught resistance to many in this area and around the world , defining it and when it is beneficial and when it is not ... we had the honor of leading the resistance .
We taught everyone what resistance is , including the Hezbollah , who were trained in our camps [ i.e. PLO camps in the 60s and 70s ] . "
[ Al - Dustur , Feb. 28 , 2008 ]
|
Palestinian Authority Chairman Mahmoud Abbas and the Fatah movement have used the death of the mastermind of the murders of the 11 Israeli athletes during the 1972 Munich Olympics as their latest opportunity to honor and glorify terror , presenting him as a Palestinian hero and role model .
In a condolence telegram quoted in the official PA daily newspaper , Abbas referred to Muhammad Daoud Oudeh , who died Saturday , as " a wonderful brother , companion , tough and stubborn , relentless fighter , " and described him as " one of the prominent leaders of the Fatah movement . "
Abbas also called the family to express his condolences .
On Sept. 5 , 1972 , eight members of the Palestinian terror organization Black September broke into the athletes ' village at the Munich Olympics .
They kidnapped and ultimately murdered 11 Israeli athletes and coaches .
Oudeh , also known as Abu Daoud , planned the attack .
Another senior Fatah official , Abbas Zaki , member of the Fatah Central Committee , described the planner of the Munich Olympics hostage taking with the following words : " He started his life as a regular individual and concluded it with giant stature , " and referred to " his noble actions and his glorious history .
"
The pride that PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas and the Fatah movement take in Palestinian terrorists who have killed Israeli civilians is part of a pattern .
Palestinian Media Watch has reported that Abbas himself has expressed pride in training Hezbollah terrorists , sent greetings to some of the worst Palestinian terrorists in Israeli prisons and funded a computer center named after Dalal Mughrabi , who led the most lethal terror attack in Israel 's history , in which 37 civilians were killed , 12 of them children .
See these examples and others with link to PMW 's website below .
Click here to view the section on PA Chairman Abbas in the PA personalities section on PMW 's website .
Click here to view the section on PA Chairman Abbas in the PA personalities section on PMW 's website .
Click here to view more examples of PA glorification of violence and terror on PMW 's website .
Click here to view more examples of PA promotion of violence and terror on PMW 's website .
In a magic trick that only geeks can pull off , researchers at MIT have found a method to let users click and scroll exactly the same way they would with a computer mouse , without the device actually being there .
Cup your palm , move it around on a table and a cursor on the screen hovers .
Tap on the table like you would click a real mouse , and the computer responds .
It 's one step beyond cordless .
It 's an invisible mouse .
The project , called " Mouseless , " uses an infrared laser beam and camera to track the movements of the palm and fingers and translate them into computer commands .
" Like many other projects in the past , including the Nintendo Power Glove and the Fingerworks iGesture Pad , this attempts to see how we can use new technology to control old technology , " says Daniel Wigdor , a user experience architect for Microsoft who has n't worked directly on the project .
" It 's just an intermediate step to where we want to be . "
Though new user interfaces such as touchscreens and voice recognition systems have become popular , the two - button mouse still reigns among computer users .
Many technology experts think the precision pointing that a cursor offers is extremely difficult to replicate through technologies such as touch and speech .
Last week Intel CTO Justin Rattner said though Intel research labs is working on new touchscreen ideas , the mouse and keyboard combination is unlikely to be replaced in everyday computing for a long time .
In the case of the Mouseless project , the infrared laser and camera are embedded in the computer .
When a user cups their hand as if a physical mouse was present under their palm , the laser beam lights up the hand that is in contact with the table .
The infrared camera detects this and interprets the movements .
A working prototype of the Mouseless system costs approximately $ 20 to build , says Pranav Mistry , who is leading the project .
Mistry is one of the star researchers in the area of creating new user experiences .
He previously developed the " Sixth Sense " project , a wearable gestural interface that lets users wave their hands in front of them and interact with maps and other virtual objects – much like Tom Cruise in Minority Report .
The Mouseless idea is not as big a breakthrough as Sixth Sense .
Though it is fun , it is difficult to see a real - world case for getting rid of hardware while keeping interaction the same .
User interfaces are going beyond the point - and - click interaction that the computer mouse demands .
And mouse hardware itself is cheap , so there 's not much of a cost saving here .
Check out this fun , partly animated video to see what the Mouseless can do and how it works :
Photo : Mouseless Project
See Also :
To Seek Out Strange New Worlds ... and Eat Their Foods
The J. J. Abrams–helmed Star Trek movie opens tomorrow .
As I was reading up on the new installment , I came across this line in the Wikipedia entry : " Another reference to Abrams ' previous works is Slusho , which Uhura orders at the bar she meets Kirk at . "
That reminded me that food and drink is depicted routinely in the Star Trek franchise — across ten movies and six TV shows .
There 's no doubt — or at least , I hope — that there will be food references in the 11th movie , which will feature Romulans , Vulcans , Orions .
As a refresher , I thought I 'd take a look at what passes for serious eats in these alien cultures .
Join me on this mission , wo n't you ?
Romulans : Huge Drunks Fond of Tart Candy
The biological cousins of the Vulcans , Romulans are devious , paranoid , and militant .
The Romulan Star Empire has been at odds with the United Federation of Planets since before the Federation 's inception in 2161 , and was in fact the catalyst for the Federation 's formation .
By 2379 , however , relations between the Romulans and the Federation had warmed somewhat .
A Romulan named Nero is the villain in the new movie , traveling from the future to destroy the Federation before it gets off the ground .
Romulan Ale
Any Trek fan worth his or her salt ( included in Starfleet emergency rations , by the way ) knows that Romulan ale is one of the most widely referenced food - and - beverage items in the franchise .
It 's an ultrapotent blue drink that reportedly results in instant drunkeness .
[ After the jump , recipes for Romulan ale , Klingon bloodwine , and why Vulcans hate barbecue . ]
Science fiction often holds a mirror up to contemporary culture , critiquing its practices , politics , and mores .
So , too , with Romulan ale .
Because of the United Federation of Planets ' standoff with the Romulan Empire , the drink is illegal within the Federation — much like Cuban cigars are in the U.S.
But like the captains of industry of today , captains of starships indulge in this vice .
As Kirk said in The Undiscovered Country , the routine violation of the embargo is " one of the advantages of being a thousand light years from Federation headquarters . "
Its proper Romulan name may be kali-fal .
Recipes :
There are several recipes out there for Earth - bound Romulan ale .
The simplest involves mixing equal amounts of vodka , rum , and blue curaçao , but this one sounds a bit tastier : equal parts vodka , triple sec , blue curaçao , and lemonade .
Romulan Foods
Vulcans : They Don't Like Barbecue
You know what the Vulcans are all about -- ultra logical , emotionless , intellectual , cool under pressure .
Their food seems equally bland , too , and from what I can remember in all my years of watching Trek shows and movies , there has n't really been a standout dish that 's mentioned again and again in the way Romulan ale is .
Most Vulcans are vegetarians , and while it would be easy for other folks to take a swipe at the veg lifestyle , I 've had pretty damn good meatless meals -- so there 's no excuse for lame food in the Vulcan repertoire .
A little digging shows that Vulcans are absolutely prissy when it comes to food and drink .
First of all , alcohol reportedly has no effect on them ( even though they do produce spirits on the planet Vulcan ) .
And this does n't sound very appealing -- according to Memory Alpha , " Vulcans have a superior metabolism to Humans .
Caffeine and sapotoxins have little effect on them .
They are also capable of surviving for long durations without food or sleep . "
Oh , and they do n't touch food with bare hands , unless using special gloves .
This means that Vulcans would hate ( if they could hate -- emotionless , remember ? )
Buffalo wings , pizza , hot dogs , hamburgers , and sandwiches of all kinds .
And barbecue would make them spaz -- again , if they could spaz .
( Then again , maybe trongs would help them ? )
Anyway , let 's engage ...
Vulcan Foods
Brandy : Alcohol supposedly does not affect Vulcans , so Vulcan brandy may be used for ceremonial purposes or for export only
Gespar : Some sort of breakfast food
Jumbo mollusk : Related to the Romulan jumbo mollusk
Mocha :
You 'd never guess that this was a coffeelike beverage , would you ?
Plomeek soup ( Plomeek broth ) : A bland breakfast soup .
In the original series ( TOS ) , Spock threw a bowl of it at Nurse Chapel while he was going through his pon farr ( crazy , horny mating period )
Plomeek tea
Pok tar
Vulcan port : Again , Vulcans are supposedly immune to the effects of alcohol ...
You know , I really love Memory Alpha .
It 's so geeky and thorough .
Its entry on Vulcan port goes into AOC / DOC territory , noting that a port wine is techinally from the Douro Valley in Portugal and hence Vulcan port probably " is a colloquialism , which suggests that the production of Vulcan port , and the production of Vulcan alcoholic beverages in general , are an imported practice not native to Vulcan culture "
Redspice : Helped make a dish so tasty that Chief Miles O'Brien ( DS9 ) asked for the recipe
Vulcan spice tea : Seems like it was Captain Janeway 's ( Voyager ) version of Earl Grey
Vulcan tea
Orions : Watch Out , Boy , She 'll Chew You Up
You know when casual Star Trek fans refer to Captain Kirk getting with green alien women ?
Well , he only encountered one such alien .
She was an Orion , a race little seen in the franchise .
As Wikipedia notes , " Not much has been revealed of Orion culture .
Orion pirates often harassed and attacked early Earth cargo ships .
Stock for the Orion slave trade is obtained mostly through kidnapping of other species .
If slaves do n't command a high enough price at auction , they can be sold as food . "
Sadly , Klingons Are Not Part of This Movie
J. J. Abrams reportedly wanted to focus on Romulans as the bad guys instead of Klingons , since Romulans are less well - known .
And , because Klingons eventually ally with the Federation and became heroes later on in the Trek universe , Abrams did n't want to show them in their earlier incarnation as Federation enemies .
Still , while in the rabbit hole of Memory Alpha , I could n't help look at their cuisine , since it appeared regularly in TNG and DS9 .
Here are some of my favorites .
Klingon Bloodwine
Along with gagh , this is probably one of the best known Klingon foodstuffs .
Served warm , it 's an alcoholic beverage that you probably do n't have the conjones ( or whatever they call them in Klingon ) to consume .
Jonathan Archer ( Enterprise ) was the first human to give it a go .
According to Memory Alpha , Lieutenant Commander
Worf " liked his young and sweet , " which sounds kinda dirty .
Also according to Memory Alpha , the Star Trek Cookbook seems to suggest it 's made with fermented blood and sugar .
Recipes :
If you want to go really nuts and make an Earth - bound version , here 's a recipe for fermenting your own Klingon bloodwine that uses 10 to 15 packs of unsweetened Cherry Kool - Aid .
Wow .
Sounds almost as potent as the actual stuff from Qo'noS .
If you 're too much of a bIHnuch for brewing your own , the Klingon Imperial Diplomatic Corps has a number of cocktail - based Bloodwine recipes .
Update : Eugen Beer of Coldmud points out that buy ' ngop , which would translate to " That 's good news ! " literally means " The plates are full " in Klingon .
Other Klingon Food and Drink
Bahgol : A warm tealike beverage .
Well , not too different from humans ...
Bregit lung : Spoke too soon .
Bregit lung is not actually a respiratory organ but a dish of reptilian animals .
Commander Riker ( TNG ) professes to like it .
( Of course , Riker would - - did n't he try to impress a Klingon female in one episode with his love of gagh ? )
Bregit lung is often eaten with grapok sauce
Gagh : A Klingon delicacy -- live serpent worms .
" Allegedly , the actual taste of gagh is revolting and it is eaten solely for the unique sensation of the gagh spasming in one 's mouth and stomach in their death throes . "
But the real question is , Would Andrew Zimmern eat it ?
Gladst : Finally , some vegetable matter .
I was beginning to get worried about Klingons ' regularity
Klingon martini : Neat .
It 's a bit of cultural fusion -- vermouth , gin , and a dash of bloodwine
Pipius claw : Looks like chicken feet .
I doubt it tastes like chicken , though
Racht : A big bowl of live worms
Raktajino :
The rare Klingon foodstuff that humans enjoy .
Probably because it's a coffeelike beverage
Rokeg blood pie
Targ : A type of Klingon herding animal .
Eating heart of targ is believed to instill courage in a warrior , and the milk of the creature is apparently consumed as well
Zilm 'kach : Some fruit to round things out
Video : Klingon Food Critic
This really weird fan video of a mock Klingon newscast has the anchors tossing it to a Klingon food critic who reviews popular Earth foods .
I think it 's supposed to be funny .
It 's not , really , but it is oddly compelling and -- what 's the word ? -- oh , yeah , warped .
Star Trek Cookbooks
Lastly , there are a couple of Star Trek cookbooks , if you really want to replicate the food of the universe here on Earth .
There 's the prosaically named Star Trek Cookbook , by William J. Birnes and Ethan Phillips , whose character , Neelix , could often be found cooking in Star Trek : Voyager ( his feragoit goulash is known across 12 star systems , after all ) .
And the Official Star Trek Cooking Manual has a cool spin on things , written as if it 's Nurse Christine Chapel 's recipe book that was somehow transported to the present time .
As Memory Alpha notes , " The introduction includes what is purportedly a food synthesizer algorithm for Dr. McCoy 's favorite dish ; in fact , it is FORTRAN source code for a program that prints the message , ' CHICKEN 3.14159 SKEPTIC . ' "
Whatever that means .
Close the Channel
When I started poking around for info for this post , I thought it would be a quick one .
But , crap , I 've pretty much spent all day tooling around various Star Trek sites , with Memory Alpha being a huge help and awesome resource .
I think I now know more about Star Trek food than anyone should .
Tomorrow night , though , I think I 'll skip the osol twists and get a big bucket of popcorn -- it 's a Terran snack made from dried corn kernels that are heated until they burst , commonly eaten slathered with butter at movie theaters during the 20th and 21st centuries .
Live long and prosper .
Update(s )
10:41 a.m. , 5/8/2009 : Jason
Kottke linked to this today , saying , " Oddly , my only complaint is that ( somehow ) his piece is n't long enough .
Adam , you did n't even get in to ' Tea . Earl Grey. Hot . ' "
I know , Jason .
I would have loved to have included Picard 's iconic food - replicator order , but I had to limit the scope of this post somewhat or I could have spent weeks in the food quadrant of the Trekiverse .
I figured focusing on the aliens encountered in the Trek reboot was a fine way to do that .
As it is , I 'm relying heavily on Memory Alpha .
Going any deeper into ST food , I 'd just basically be aping what they 've done on their awesomely extensive database of food and drink across the entire franchise .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
According to Martine Pilate , who wrote La Véritable Histoire de la Pétanque and so should probably know , none of this would ever have happened without her grandad .
Round about the turn of the last century , in common with a great many of their compatriots across the south of France , the men of La Ciotat , a small port town in Provence , were much taken with a version of boules known as le jeu provençal , AKA la longue ( because , back then , the piste was up to 20 m long ) or le trois pas ( because players took three smart paces before launching their balls ) .
So anyway , says Pilate , one sunny spring day back in 1907 , a bunch of longuistes were shooting balls on a now - celebrated piste in La Ciotat known as La Boule Etoilée .
" In those days , " she recounts , " spectators could hire chairs to watch a game .
This could cause problems , because people sitting near the jack were not above giving a boule a sly nudge with their feet every now and then , to push it closer or further away – whatever served a friend 's cause . "
To prevent such unsporting behaviour it was decided , for this particular game , to lose the chairs .
" They took them all away – apart from the one belonging to Jules ' Le Noir ' , a great former champion , " Pilate says .
" He had such bad rheumatism he could no longer step up to play , which upset him no end .
So my grandfather made Jules a suggestion : ' We 'll shorten the piste by half , ' he said in Provençal , ' and draw a circle round your chair , and we 'll all play from there , with our feet anchored : a pes tanca . "
And thus was pétanque , the only form of boules in which the player must stand still to launch his balls , born .
Most of us , of course , ignorant of such subtleties , know it as plain French boules , a game played in the shade of plane trees on the scuffed gravel of countless squares across France by elderly men in flat caps and string vests , Gitanes clamped to their lower lips and shots of pastis never far from hand .
Or encountered on summer campsites , which is where many of the astonishing 17 million French people said to partake in this most sociable of sports presumably indulge their passion .
Or glimpsed on cinema screens , perhaps in something by Marcel Pagnol .
But we need to update that picture .
Because , guess what ?
Pétanque has become fashionable .
Not just across the Channel – where Karl Lagerfeld this month hosted a star - studded tournament in St - Tropez for the likes of Vanessa Paradis and Diane Kruger ; where chic labels such as Chanel and Louis Vuitton are currently flogging designer pétanque sets in soft leather cases for £ 1,500 ; and where the country 's biggest boules manufacturer , Obut , has just launched a new line in tattooed steel for style - conscious teenage pétanquistes – but in Britain , too .
" I 'd have to say , " says Ben Brousson , a French banker and former regional champion who has lived in London for 12 years , " that over the last few years the interest has increased phenomenally . "
Brousson cites a tournament held just last month in the Chelsea Physic Garden in London , sponsored by the aperitif company Pernod Ricard , which drew 900 competitors .
" And it really was n't for the booze , " he says .
" These were smart , switched - on young people , French , English , all nationalities , all playing pétanque with total seriousness .
Only 5 % or 10 % were the grans and grandpas most people see as your typical pétanque player . "
( Nine hundred competitors is still , of course , a far cry from the world 's largest pétanque tournament , the Mondial la Marseillaise à Pétanque , which , for its 49th edition earlier this month , drew 13,104 participants , aged 12 to 84 , from 19 different countries to France 's second city .
But it 's not bad for London .
Indeed , Pernod Ricard found the experience heartening enough to announce a series of exhibition matches to be held in Spitalfields every Tuesday evening in August . )
One of the more unlikely leaders of this surge in interest is Olly Dixon , of the London synthpop band Filthy Dukes .
He recently co-founded the East London Pétanque Association , which aims – among other things – to dramatically broaden the game 's appeal by staging " guerilla pétanque " events at selected summer festivals , such as Field Day in Hackney 's Victoria Park on Saturday .
More regularly , boulistes in the capital gather on summer evenings in such un -Provençal locales as Cleaver Square in Kennington , Brockwell Lido in Herne Hill and Larkhall Park , Lambeth , for a post - work end or two ( as each game in a match is called ) .
Flourishing clubs have been founded in the last two or three years in Kingston and on Parliament Fields .
And according to Mike Pegg , president of the English Pétanque Association and Britain 's only qualified international umpire , pétanque 's appeal is not confined to London or even the south - east ( although Brighton also has a particularly well - used piste ) .
Reflecting the game 's informal success , membership of the EPA has been climbing for several years : it now boasts 3,000 signed - up members in 300 affiliated clubs across 15 regions , from Yorkshire to Cornwall , Pegg says , with successful associations in Wales and Scotland too .
The game 's growing popularity , he says ( echoing Rabelais ) , is down to the fact that it 's " for both sexes , for all sorts , and all ages .
It 's exceptionally sociable yet tremendously competitive .
You can play it on any reasonably level patch of bare hard ground ; you do n't need a manicured lawn .
And while the rules are as simple as you could imagine , the tactics can be as complicated as chess . "
The principles of pétanque are as old as history .
Archaeologists found two balls and a jack in the sarcophagus of an Egyptian prince buried in the 52nd century BC .
The ancient Greeks and Romans liked playing with stone balls ; medieval Europeans preferred wooden ones studded with nails .
Boules became so popular in France that the game was banned for commoners for much of the 14th and 15th centuries .
Here , successive English kings from the time of Edward III forbade their archers to play it , and an act not repealed until the 18th century formally outlawed the game for " artificers , labourers , apprentices and servants " at any time except Christmas .
( In France , several regional variants of boules emerged , and still exist , although pétanque is the most popular .
Here , boules eventually mutated into the altogether more refined lawn bowls , although quite when it 's hard to say .
Sir Francis
Drake may have insisted on finishing his game of bowls on Plymouth Hoe before laying into the Spanish Armada , but contemporary paintings show his group playing with metal cannon balls on a gravel surface , and some portray him lobbing the ball , not rolling it : it seems likely we played something more similar to pétanque than bowls until at least the 19th century .
Today the two versions , Pegg insists , co-exist peacefully , though pétanque " probably appeals to a rather younger crowd " . )
Back across the Channel , meanwhile , following that crucial intervention by Martine Pilate 's grandad , the first formal pétanque tournament was played under the new rules in 1910 , and the first world championships in 1959 .
The Fédération Internationale de Pétanque now has more than 600,000 members in 52 countries .
While more than half of them are in France , the game is huge in unexpected places : Queen Sirikit of Thailand , for example , was such a fan that pétanque became an official sport of the Thai army .
It 's a devilish clever game .
The object is simple : individually , or in two teams of two ( doublettes ) or three ( triplettes ) , you have to get your own balls ( steel ; of restricted size and weight ; marked and engraved as you choose ) as close to the jack ( the cochonnet , or piglet ) as possible .
But in the process – and here 's the fun bit – you are permitted , nay encouraged , to interfere with your opponent's .
Pétanque is thus a game of dexterity and technique , but also of gamesmanship , bad behaviour and sheer animal cunning .
Of skill , and skullduggery .
In French , pretty much the worst insult you can throw at a pétanque player is that he 's " transparent " .
Teams have pointers , who aim to " kiss " the jack with their balls , and shooters , who try to blast their opponents ' better - placed boules ( and if necessary the jack ) to kingdom come .
So : point or shoot ?
Pin -point accuracy , or massive and destructive force ?
Go for broke – a throw known as à carreau knocks the enemy 's winning boule out , leaving yours in its place ; le bec inches a potentially winning boule of your own yet closer to the jack – or play it safe ?
( And remember : hovering over every game is the dread spectre of Fanny , the demoiselle – or , more usually , artistic representation thereof – whose bare bottom the player who suffers a 13 - 0 defeat is required to kiss . )
The French , not surprisingly , dominate the competitive game .
" They start young , " says Pegg , " and they play anywhere – in a car park , under the Eiffel tower . "
Some players reach extraordinary levels of skill : the great Christian Fazzino was capable of shooting 992 boules out of 1,000 in the space of an hour .
The undisputed young star of the moment is Dylan Rocher , barely 18 , who earlier this month ousted 12 - time world champion Philippe " Le Dieu " Quintais and his team to take the Mondial triplettes in Marseille .
He 's now famous for life in France .
The Brits do n't fare badly : we have reached the last 16 on occasion , and once won bronze in the ladies ' shooting .
But we obviously lack the low cunning needed to go all the way .
" Those that do well in Britain , " says Brousson , " tend to be big characters , voluble , quite Gallic in their attitude . "
Here , it 's really the social aspect that wins out : " The friendliness , the chat , the forgetting of your problems .
And , um , the drinking .
You can't beat it . "
The rules
• Someone from Team A throws the jack 6 - 10 m away .
• The same player lobs the first boule , always underarm .
• Now someone from Team B throws ; this team keeps throwing until they land a boule closer to the jack than Team A or run out of boules .
• Then it 's Team A's turn again .
• Points are scored when everyone is out of boules : one point for each boule closer to the jack than the best - placed boule of your opponents .
First team to 13 wins .
With the BP spill in the news people have been up in arms , just look at what occurs everyday on this beach .
I am sure it is not he only one either .
I am truley disgusted with humanity .
Pope Benedict XVI is a head of state and the leader of more than a billion Roman Catholics worldwide .
To Jeff Anderson , a lawyer who represents victims of sexual abuse by priests , he is also a potential legal witness .
Unlikely as it may seem , Anderson intends to demand the pope ’s testimony in a sexual abuse case wending its way through court in Oregon .
“ I do n’t think I would require him to come to Oregon , ” the attorney said in a recent interview .
“ I would go to him … and videotape and transcribe his testimony . ”
The Vatican , he said , should be treated “ like any other corporation that is subject to the power of the American court system . ”
Increasingly , the Vatican , an independent city - state headed by the pope , stands in the cross hairs of lawyers and investigators probing cases of sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church .
The church is fighting back , maintaining both that it is not responsible for the actions of abusive priests and that it enjoys sovereign immunity from the U.S. legal system .
Several lawsuits filed in the United States have named the Vatican as a respondent , and attorneys in at least two cases are seeking a court order demanding testimony from the pope , among other top church officials .
Police in Belgium last month raided church offices and opened tombs in a search for evidence in abuse cases , prompting Benedict to assail “ the surprising and deplorable manner ” in which the raids were carried out .
Anderson , who has become the Vatican ’s leading legal antagonist in the clerical abuse cases , hailed a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision that dealt a procedural blow to the Vatican in its effort to shield itself from liability .
Two days later , Anderson filed a new lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court that targeted the Holy See .
“ Look , I ’ve been working with survivors , handling these cases for 25 years , and I knew that all roads in this scandal or crisis , whatever you want to call it , lead to Rome , ” said Anderson , a Minneapolis attorney .
“ I feel really resolute about this , and feel that we now have a great deal of legal authority and traction at our feet and wind at our back , and we ’ve never had that before when it comes to the Vatican . ”
Perhaps , but Anderson and others still face a daunting task in stretching the arms of the U.S. justice system over the walls of the Holy See .
The Vatican is in the unique position of being at once a highly complex religious organization and a sovereign nation , both of which make it difficult to penetrate legally .
The church ’s defenders say that is as it should be .
The Vatican , in their view , sets religious policy for the worldwide church but is not involved in day - to - day operations of its far - flung parishes and bears no legal responsibility for abusive priests .
“ One of the fundamental issues in all of these cases is that there is a misunderstanding in the popular culture as to the organization of the Catholic Church and the autonomy of its various parts , ” said Jeffrey S. Lena of Berkeley , the church ’s American lawyer .
“ There are assumptions made daily in the press and elsewhere as to the allocation of authority amongst the various entities of the church . ”
The idea of suing the pope or the Vatican over sexual abuse by priests in the United States , he said , makes no more sense than suing President Obama in a case of abuse by a public school teacher in California .
During a recent interview in his office in Rome , Father Federico Lombardi , the chief Vatican spokesman , was briefly speechless at the idea that the Vatican should turn over its files on sexual abuse cases to law enforcement authorities in the United States and elsewhere , as advocates for victims have demanded .
“ I think this argument is rather unrealistic , ” Lombardi finally said .
“ If I go to the United States government and ask them to give me all the documents they have , do you think this would be done ? …
No , I do n’t see the grounds for such a request . ”
Lena has laid out the church ’s legal position in court filings in Oregon and Kentucky , where the Vatican has been named in lawsuits by victims who say they were abused by priests .
Essentially , it rests on the Holy See ’s claim of sovereign immunity , the same claim that could be used by any foreign government that is sued in a U.S. court .
Responding to a demand that the pope and his secretary of state testify in the Kentucky case , Lena said that both men are entitled to “ absolute civil and criminal immunity ” as heads of state and government .
( The Vatican ’s secretary of state , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , is the equivalent of a prime minister , he said . )
Lawyers for abuse victims have sought to breach that barrier by claiming that the Vatican falls under multiple exceptions to the sovereign immunity rule .
Courts have knocked down some of these arguments — for instance , the idea that the work of the church constitutes a “ commercial activity ” and not the regular , noncommercial work of a sovereign nation .
But they have let the cases go forward under the “ tortious act ” exception , which says an organization can be liable if one of its employees committed wrongdoing ( known in law as a “ tort ” ) while carrying out his official duties .
Because the Vatican is a unique institution , some of these legal issues “ are definitely uncharted territory , ” said lawyer Michael Helfand , an expert on the intersection of law and religion who was recently named to the faculty at Pepperdine Law School .
“ This is something that courts have never really had to struggle with before . ”
The Vatican has fought the latest legal onslaughts — and will continue to do so as the cases move toward trial — by claiming that priests and bishops in the United States are not employees of the Vatican but work instead for their local diocese or order .
Even archbishops , who are chosen directly by the pope , are not employees of the Holy See , Lena has contended , because their day - to - day work is not supervised by anyone in Rome .
“ When an archbishop … serves in a position for decades without active supervision and with the equivalent of life tenure , it is a sign of independence , not employment , ” he agued in a memo to the court in Kentucky .
But lawyers for the abuse victims contend that the Roman Catholic Church is a top - down hierarchy — in effect a very large corporation with the pope as chief executive .
“ Defendant Holy See has unqualified power over the Catholic Church , including each and every individual and section , ” Anderson wrote in the Oregon lawsuit .
The courts in Oregon and Kentucky ultimately agreed that it was n’t a stretch to say Catholic bishops and priests were employees of the Vatican .
And when the church appealed the 9th District Circuit Court of Appeals ruling in the Oregon case , the Supreme Court sent the case back , refusing to hear it .
Lena said the high court ’s refusal to hear his appeal was a largely technical setback that has no wider application .
Anderson , however , claimed it as a major victory , saying the decision opens the door to bringing the Vatican to justice for failing to stop priests from abusing children .
His next step , he said , will be to demand records and depositions from Vatican officials , including testimony from the pope himself — a prospect that , Anderson admitted , would not happen “ voluntarily ” or “ willingly . ”
That is an understatement , but Anderson is not listening to naysayers .
“ The so - called sovereign immunity doctrine that they have used as a barrier has now been crumbled and cracked , ” he said .
“ They are still sovereign , but they are not immune . ”
mitchell.landsberg@latimes.com
Texas politicians , candidates and other state officials must file personal financial disclosure forms that list their income , assets and liabilities .
The Legislature years ago required this transparency to discourage conflicts of interest and , according to the law , " strengthen the faith and confidence of the people of this state in state government . "
Yet getting these documents — and making sense of them — is n’t too easy for " the people " .
Texans who want to read them must file official requests with the Texas Ethics Commission , the state agency responsible for administering and enforcing sections of the election code and other statutory provisions generally governing politics and ethics .
In some cases , the law requires requesters to fill out forms listing their full names , addresses and professional affiliations .
Even in this age of instant information , the disclosure forms also get filed on paper .
That makes it impossible to search or sort the information contained in voluminous filings submitted by more than 3,000 elected and appointed state officers , members of the boards of river authorities , executive heads of state agencies and state political party chairs .
The Legislature and , by extension , the commission , have for years required political candidates and lobbyists to file their activity and financial reports in database format , allowing it to be posted online and searched by the public .
Electronic formats also allow journalists and other watchdogs to cross-reference the records with other official documents — for example , by comparing a list of lobbyists with a list of campaign contributors .
But the personal financial documents remain on paper and offline , unlike those in some other states .
" There ’s no reason that these should n’t be online , " said state Rep. Jim Dunnam , D - Waco , who filed a bill last session that would have required online posting .
It never received a committee hearing , he believes , because of members ’ general resistance to new and tougher ethics regulations .
He would prefer the records to be posted online in a searchable format but does n’t seem hopeful that the Legislature has the appetite to change the law .
State Sen. Rodney Ellis , D - Houston , filed a similar bill in 2009 .
It received a hearing , but not enough votes to keep it moving in the legislative process .
Ellis may file it again next session , he said : " It makes sense to make this information available to everyday citizens , and I continue to believe that in order for Texans to build a higher level of trust between government and its citizens , candidates should be as transparent as possible . "
Some elected officials agree , but see distinctions in the types of officials subject to the law .
State Rep. Will Hartnett , R - Dallas , says he supports requiring elected officials to file the financial documents in a digital , searchable form .
But he says there might be an argument for different standards for the hundreds of appointed officials , such as university regents , who also submit their information .
" Elected officials are fair game , I think , from a full disclosure standpoint .
Unelected officials should , arguably , have a different standard .
It 's a matter of shades , " Hartnett said .
He thinks appointees ' finances should be available to the public , as they are now , but perhaps not published on the internet .
" It 's more a question of accessibility than privacy . "
To make these records more accessible , the Tribune requested all 3,070 that were filed this spring and summer that disclose activity during the 2009 calendar year ( most officials were n’t required to file until April and many requested 60 - day extensions ) .
The Tribune then created an application that allows anyone — without the burden of an official request — to search for officials and view , print , download and embed their disclosure forms .
The records themselves , however , still are n’t searchable .
Here , for example , is the form filed by Democratic gubernatorial candidate Bill White :
Source : Texas Ethics Commission .
View all the documents in our application .
As it stands now , the commission is n’t mandated by law to require the electronic filing , which presumably would cost the agency some additional money to collect , process and host the data .
It also is bound by a provision that requires a requester ’s name and " whom the person represents , " according to the law , on record for one year .
( The Texas Public Information Act , the state ’s open - records law , does n’t have such a provision ) .
Other states , such as California and Iowa , post the financial disclosures online .
( Here ’s the most recent form filed by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , known there as a Statement of Economic Interests ) .
Still , Texas ’ system is a model for other states in terms of the information the state collects , if not the format in which it collects it .
The forms require officials to list occupational income , spouses and dependant children , retainers , stock and bonds , mutual funds , real property , debts and several other categories .
The Center for Public Integrity , a nonpartisan watchdog group in Washington , D.C. , in 2006 ranked Texas third - best in comparison with other states for the quality of its disclosure .
Only Hawaii and Washington were ranked higher under the center ’s methodology , which considered the fields of information required and the penalties for noncompliance .
The study , however , also found flaws in Texas ’ system that make it difficult to gauge truly an official 's net worth .
The center noted , for example , that officeholders are n’t required to list the value ( or even in a range ) of any real property they own , or their income from private - sector employment , or a description of their employers .
As an example , state Rep. Mario Gallegos , D - Houston , lists his employer as " MVG Services , Inc. " and states that the nature of his employment is " consulting . "
It does n't require disclosure of what kind of consulting his company performs .
Michael Quinn Sullivan , president of Empower Texans , an Austin - based nonprofit advocacy group focused on limited government , said he is n’t surprised that the records are difficult to access but that he understands the potential desire by elected officials to keep them that way .
He says it ’s important , though , that officials ’ business interests are disclosed so that Texans can " trust but verify " their government .
" From a personal perspective , none of us would be overly excited about having our family finances and personal business spilled out on the internet and available for anyone to go poke and prod through , " he said .
" But these folks have significant power to do good or do hard for very specific businesses .
That ’s a lot of power that they ’ve entrusted with , and that should demand a level of transparency that is not common . "
Show full PR text
World First Robotic Legs Provide NEW Option for Wheelchair Users
When Hayden Allen was spinal cord injured five years ago he became a full time wheelchair user and doctors told him he'd never walk again .
Today a revolutionary product developed by Auckland - based company Rex Bionics has enabled Hayden to walk again .
Hayden has been one of the first people in the world to use Rex , the Robotic Exoskeleton , which is most easily described as a pair of robotic legs that supports and assists a person who usually uses a wheelchair , enabling the person to stand , walk and go up and down steps and slopes .
" I 'll never forget what it was like to see my feet walking under me the first time I used Rex , " says Hayden , who is 6 ' 4 " ( 193 cm ) tall when standing .
" People say to me , ' look up when you 're walking ' but I just can't stop staring down at my feet moving . "
Being up out of his chair and on his feet again allows Hayden many more options on a day to day basis , increasing opportunities for employment and recreational activities by providing access for him independently to go places previously inaccessible to him .
For example - up stairs !
Rex users self - transfer from their wheelchair into Rex , strap themselves in and control their movements using a joystick and control pad .
REX is powered by a lightweight , long life rechargeable battery .
Rex is the brainchild of two childhood friends , Richard Little and Robert Irving – co-founders of Rex Bionics .
" Both of our mothers are in wheelchairs so we are aware of some of the obstacles and access issues faced by many wheelchair users , " says Richard .
Robert 's Multiple Sclerosis diagnosis seven years ago was the catalyst for these men to put their engineering skills to use to develop a practical , standing and walking alternative to wheel chairs .
The founders are quick to point out that Rex is not a replacement for a wheelchair , but a complement that offers a range of options not currently available anywhere else in the world .
It is potentially suitable for manual wheelchair users who can self - transfer and operate hand controls .
Dr Richard Roxburgh , Auckland neurologist and Medical Adviser to the Muscular Dystrophy Association says , " For many of my patients Rex represents the first time they 've been able to stand up and walk for years .
There are obvious immediate benefits in terms of mobility , improved social interaction and self - image .
There are also likely to be major long term health and quality of life benefits through reducing the complications of being in a wheelchair all the time .
I think that this will also enable people to stay well longer ; this means that those who have conditions where disease modifying treatments are coming over the next five to ten years , will be in better shape when those treatments finally arrive . "
Each Rex is built onsite at the Rex Bionics ' Auckland plant .
It has been designed to be practical , lightweight , portable , safe and simple to use and sufficiently powered for a typical day of use .
Potential customers must complete a medical appraisal including checks with their own physician to ensure their general health and suitability before they can begin the process of fitting and training .
This process typically takes around two weeks with Rex Bionics ' team of technicians , based at the Rex Centre in Auckland .
Rex has undergone thorough testing during its seven year development including engineering validation and clinical trials , with the approval of the New Zealand Ethics Committee , in conjunction with disability and rehabilitation advisors .
Rex is expected to cost about US $ 150,000 .
The decision to purchase Rex will be a very individual assessment of what Rex allows you to do .
The benefits can be social , for the work place , for home and health related .
Rex will soon be available for purchase in New Zealand , where the price will be a bit lower since it will be easier to supply and support close to the company 's home base on Auckland 's North Shore .
CEO of Rex Bionics , Jenny Morel , says they expect to conclude internal testing of Rex shortly and will then have a preliminary release in Auckland to allow the company to track what happens when people take Rex home .
Sales are expected to commence in New Zealand by the end of 2010 and elsewhere in the world by the middle of 2011 .
Rex has been developed with the support of TechNZ and venture capital company , No 8 Ventures .
While seeking a billion dollar oil exploration deal with Libya , BP executives admitted Thursday the company did lobby the British government to enter into a prisoner transfer agreement with the African nation .
" BP told the UK government that we were concerned about the slow progress that was being made in concluding a Prisoner Transfer Agreement with Libya , " BP said in a statement .
" We were aware that this could have a negative impact on UK commercial interests , including the ratification by the Libyan government of BP 's exploration agreement . "
But the petroleum giant claims it never specifically asked Britain to set free Pan Am Flight 103 bomber Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi .
Al - Megrahi was convicted of bombing the transatlantic flight from London Heathrow en route to New York 's JFK airport in 1998 .
The remains of the exploded jetliner fell on Lockerbie , Soctland , and the attack killed all 259 people on board and another 11 people on the ground .
" BP was not involved in any discussion with the U.K. government or the Scottish government about the release of al - Megrahi , " a BP company spokesman said .
He was released on " compassionate " grounds when Scottish authorities said his " terminal " prostate cancer gave the terrorist just three months to live .
But a year later Megrahi is free in Libya and the doctor who gave the diagnosis admits the bomber could live 10 or 20 more years -- and that he had been paid by the Libyan government .
Numerous U.S. senators , including Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) and Sen. Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) now suspect Megrahi's release was connected to BP 's goal of securing an oil deal with Libya .
" This is ugly , " said Bert Ammerman , the former head of the Victims of Pan Am Flight 103 group .
" It is immoral .
It is unethical .
It is illegal .
And there 's no question there is a connection between the BP oil agreement with Libya and the release of al Megrahi . "
Ammerman added he wants an investigation into what the Obama administration knew about this alleged deal before it happened .
Libyan officials have said any oil deal would be connected to a completed prisoner transfer agreement .
Al Megrahi was released last year and was greeted by flag waiving crowds when he arrived home .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday she was reviewing the request by the Senators to investigate the BP oil deal with Libya and any alleged connection to the release of the Flight 103 bomber .
Sue Cohen lost her daughter , Theo , in the bombing over Scotland .
And she said she 's " not surprised " by the revelations about BP 's alleged involvement in negotiations over the release of convicted Lockerbie bomber Al - Megrahi .
Cohen said she has heard for years that BP had a strong interest in the release , because it would make Libya more receptive to foreign business investment .
" There 's no question in my mind that BP was involved .
The British government was very much influenced by the oil companies , and it's no coincidence that soon after the negotiations BP signed this enormously good deal . "
" This was really a deal for business interests .
Western governments seem to be run by one thing now -- the great God money , " she said .
Meanwhile , the British doctor who examined al - Megrahi and gave him just three months to live is now disputing reports that he now believes the freed terrorist could live 10 years or more .
In his first television interview , Dr. Karol Sikora said its possible Abdel Bassett Al Megrahi could live 10 more years , but he gives those chances as less than 1 percent .
Dr. Sikora said he was " misquoted completely " in a newspaper about his 10 year prognosis .
He said he gave a 50 percent chance al Megrahi would die within three months and that he had called the 10 year survival possibility " highly unlikely . "
Megrahi was released on " compassionate grounds " after British doctors predicted he would die from cancer within three months .
Sikora said he suspects the bomber has lived much longer because he is now out of prison .
" When you 're on your own with relatives and you go back to a much more caring environment , you live longer . "
Sikora denies he was under any pressure to come to the three month conclusion .
And he says the decision to set him free was the government 's to make , not his .
Guys I found this in the trash outside a BP site in LA .
I guess whoever had it read it and fully understood what would happen if they signed it .
I was going to submit this to Wiki leaks but I could not get the site to connect .
So I though If I posted it here on ATS the members could make this go viral via the Internet .
I have never worked for BP or any Sub- contractor of BP and I believe the Public have a right to know so that is why I am posting it .
I am tired of seeing Big Government and Big Corporations Crap on the " little people " .
We have a right to know what is going on and asking worker to help in BP 's cover up is asking them to commit treason .
I am sure BP will figure out who I am but I offer a warning : Do n't Tread On Me ... Trust me on that one .
It 's not worth it .
Now for the Goods : Edit to resize Images
Thanks endisnighe [ edit on 9-7-2010 by SWCCFAN ]
Tags
" At over 225,000 tons and capable of accommodating nearly 6,300 passengers , serviced by 2,165 crewmembers , the Oasis is the size of five Titanics . "
Just what is the ultimate symbol of excess that signals the peak in a market ?
The point when hubris takes over .
When , as Christopher Wood writes about boom - time Japan in The Bubble Economy , " a collective self - confidence that too often bordered on arrogance " manifests .
When the buildings reach too high and the ships become too big , the boom has begun to unravel .
Optimism had already turned sour in capitalism 's newest outpost in the Middle East when the 162 - floor Burj Dubai tower was completed on January 4 of this year , becoming the world 's tallest building — and this in the wake of the fact that Dubai 's debt woes had just come to light the previous Thanksgiving weekend .
Just one more example explained by Mark Thornton 's prescient 2005 article " Skyscrapers and Business Cycles . "
As Thornton points out , the skyscraper index 's predictive power began with the Panic of 1907 , which was presaged by the building of the Singer Building and Metropolitan Life Building .
Meanwhile , the modern cruise industry was n't born until the 1960s , and it only really captured the imagination of the American public when they began watching the weekly antics of Gopher , Doc , and Captain Stubing on The Love Boat TV series , which ran from 1977 until 1986 .
In the early days , cruisers were mostly the " newly wed or the nearly dead . "
But in the 1980s the industry really set sail with a number of giant ships capable of carrying over 2,000 people with the message of " luxury for the masses . "
And the masses were ready to splurge — after all , the credit - card industry was newly born .
" If , in the early decades of the century , it was impossible for a working man or woman to secure a loan from a legitimate lender , in the 1980s he or she could hardly refuse one , " writes James Grant .
" The descendents of the clientele of loan sharks became the valued credit - card ' members ' of leading banks .
In the 1980s the home - equity loan proliferated , and personal bankruptcy lost its stigma . "
It 's been spend , spend , spend ever since .
And as credit lines increased , so did the size of the ships .
In 2003 , the Mariner of the Seas was launched by Royal Caribbean International as one of the largest cruise ships afloat at 138,000 tons , with a capacity of just over 3,100 passengers and nearly 1,200 crewmembers .
From 1980 to the end of 2008 the average annualized growth of the North American cruise industry was 7.4 percent , according to Cruise Lines International Association ( CLIA ) .
The CLIA estimated that 13.2 million travelers cruised in 2008 , up from 12.56 million the previous year .
Back in 2000 , CLIA member - line passenger volumes were 7.2 million , so annual passenger volume increased nearly 80 percent from 2000 to 2008 .
Despite the recession , through the second quarter of 2009 , passenger nights were 1.5 percent ahead of the pace of 2008 , according to the United States Department of Transportation Maritime Administration .
But to fill the ships , average fares were down 10.7 percent .
Since then , more capacity has come online .
Ships like the Mariner are n't big anymore .
The world 's largest cruise ship set sail late last year as the finishing touches were being completed at the Burj Dubai tower .
The Oasis of the Seas is the talk of the industry .
At over 225,000 tons and capable of accommodating nearly 6,300 passengers , serviced by 2,165 crewmembers , the Oasis is the size of five Titanics .
The Oasis was ordered in February 2006 with the US economy going full bore and the personal savings rate in America at negative one percent .
" Ships like the Mariner are n't big anymore . "
But at the same time the Federal Reserve was dousing the overheated economy with a higher federal - funds rate that would reach 5.25 percent that summer after being as low as 1 percent in 2003 and 2004 .
Total household debt would reach $ 13.7 trillion the next year at the same time the bubble in home prices peaked .
At the same time it ordered the Oasis , Royal Caribbean had STX Europe start work on the Allure of the Seas , the sister ship to the Oasis .
The Allure cost a little less to build at $ 1.2 billion and made its maiden voyage about the same time as the Oasis .
The Oasis and Allure are raising the bar for cruise entertainment .
Hairspray made its oceanic debut aboard the Oasis , and the Allure is set to feature the Tony - winning revival of Chicago : The Musical , in the ship 's 1,380 - seat Amber Theater .
Both of these behemoths sail from South Florida , contributing significantly to what Cruise Industry News calls the first major capacity increase in years .
As the US Department of Transportation Maritime Administration points out , " Capacity is based on two passengers per stateroom .
A stateroom with two passengers is considered 100 percent occupied .
Since many double staterooms can accommodate three to four people , occupancy rates are generally above 100 percent . "
And the Oasis and Allure are booked solid until next year .
If the cruise lines had it their way , their full passenger load would be fully loaded for the entire trip .
Once on board , cruisers instinctively head straight to the buffet .
But standing in their way are crewmembers offering alcohol to " get the trip / party started right ! "
Of course , the staff are n't offering to ply the just embarked with a neat ounce or two of 16 - year - old Lagavulin in a clean rocks glass .
No , they thrust a tall hurricane tumbler in your direction , containing some fruity concocted nonsense adorned with a cherry and tiny umbrella .
For cruise ships to make money they must leave the port full , because , as CNBC reports , a quarter of all revenue from passengers is spent after they are on board .
Booze , Botox , jewelry , spa treatments , acupuncture , gambling , and high - priced art are for sale at all hours .
Not to mention shore excursions to shop , snorkel , make salsa , or zip - line across canyons and rappel down waterfalls in the Sierra Madres .
" Shore excursions are our number one gross revenue producer , " says Paul Goodwin , senior vice president of onboard revenue and tours at Holland America .
And for the ports , as Julio Galindo , minister of tourism for the Bay of Honduras , told CNBC , " Every time a ship comes in , it 's like Christmas . "
The food ( with some exceptions ) , entertainment , sun , and great service are all provided with the cost of the cabin .
Everything else , including soda pop , is for sale .
Unlike the Love Boat , you wo n't find many Americans working on cruise ships .
The ships are registered in places like Nassau , Panama , or Liberia so US employment regulations do n't get in the way of serving customers .
So , you might see your assistant waiter from dinner busing tables during the breakfast buffet rush .
Most of the crew work 6 to 12 months at a stretch , 12 hours or more a day , with one day a week off at most .
Most of them are supporting families in places like India , Turkey , and Jamaica .
Despite the long hours , these employees are amazingly cheerful and accommodating , many speaking perfect English despite it being a second language .
These folks are quick to remember names and what their customers like .
At the last dinner seating of a cruise there are hugs , handshakes , and plenty of tearful goodbyes between waitstaff and passengers .
During dinner service on my recent cruise aboard The Mariner of the Sea , the 200 + serving staff were from 37 different countries .
They performed a rousing rendition of " O Sole Mio " although no Italians were waiting tables .
There were 10,000 meals a day served on the Mariner as we cruised the Mexican Riviera , stopping at Cabo , Mazatlán , and Puerto Vallarta .
High - rise condos overlooking the Pacific are prominently for sale in all three port cities , but business is reported to be slow .
Even after prices were slashed 30 – 35 percent for units in Puerto Vallarta last year , one local real - estate agent laments , " From my perspective the buyers are still few and far between . "
Mexico is said to be a haven for American expats and our exuberant and energetic guide in Mazatlán , Alejandro , told us 10,000 expats resided there .
Tourism clearly drives these economies , but , unfortunately , there is " declining demand for the Mexican Riviera , attributed to media coverage of drug wars , " reports CIN .
We saw no evidence of the drug wars , but were told the Mariner will be moved from Los Angeles to Houston soon , ceasing its Riviera runs .
Christmas will be coming less often to the western ports of Mexico .
Despite headwinds like a weak economy , the proposed Emission Control Area ( ECA ) for North America , the heavy - fuel ban in Antarctica , and the $ 50 head tax in Alaska , the cruise industry is upbeat .
Cruising is only five percent of the vacation market , they claim , and only 17 percent of Americans have taken the plunge .
However , the cruise industry is tied to the financial health of the American consumer .
According to GlobalSecurity.com , 80 percent of cruisers are from North America .
The industry loves Americans .
One head waiter on a cruise last year told me that he wished all passengers were Americans " because they spend money . "
He fondly remembered the free - spending boom - time Americans and could n't wait for them to return , displacing the tightwad Europeans that dominated that particular post - financial - meltdown voyage .
But now Americans ( and their creditors ) are paying the price for living it up .
US consumer bankruptcies totaled more than 136,000 in May , nine percent more than May of 2009 .
Close to 390,000 people filed bankruptcy in the first quarter , so personal bankruptcies could reach 1.6 million for 2010 .
The official unemployment rate still hovers near 10 percent , but , more telling , chronic joblessness is the highest it has been since 1948 , when the Labor Department started keeping track .
Our waiter was a delightful man with a family back in India he had n't seen in months but that he tries to call at least once a week .
We asked him if he was going to try and work on one of the new big ships , the Oasis or the Allure .
" They can't even fill this boat , " he said pointing to the empty seats in his station , " why would I want to work on a ship that , after the newness wears off , will have even more empty dinner seats ? "
The ships are getting bigger , but Americans are getting poorer .
BP cuts benefits to victims of Gulf oil disaster
“ Claims czar ” urges residents not to sue BP
By Tom Eley
14 July 2010
BP has set to work both reducing settlements and dismissing tens of thousands of claims from the victims of the Gulf oil crisis .
Meanwhile Kenneth Feinberg , the man appointed by Obama to oversee the escrow account tasked with settling claims against BP , on Wednesday asked Gulf residents not to sue the company .
Kristy Nichols , secretary of Louisiana ’s Department of Children and Family Services , wrote to Feinberg that BP had confirmed that more than 40,000 of the nearly 100,000 Louisiana claimants receiving money from BP will see their checks reduced because their “ claims files were incomplete ” — i.e. , for not completing paperwork to the satisfaction of the oil giant .
That “ will be devastating to individuals surviving financially month - to - month , ” Nichols said in the open letter .
“ This action is irresponsible and in complete contrast to BP ’s repeated promise that they will ‘ make things right . ’ ”
According to Nichols , BP unilaterally determines the criteria required for claimants ’ paperwork .
“ It is crucial that BP not continue to penalize these individuals and instead accept alternative forms of documentation , such as records held by the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries , ” she wrote in a letter to BP protesting the decision .
BP will also cut claims payments “ based on the seasonal nature of fishing activities , which will also result in a decrease in payments , ” Nichols wrote .
Thus fishermen who lost their livelihoods in the summer months — when they must earn for the entire year — will see their already meager checks , estimated to be at about $ 5,000 monthly for owner - operators , cut further .
Nichols also revealed that BP refuses to treat shrimp , fish and oyster boat captains as small business owners whose boats are their places of business .
“ BP classifies boat captains as individuals and does not take business expenses , including large monthly payments on the vessels , into consideration , ” she said .
“ This is especially significant because many captains were forced to buy new vessels after they were damaged or destroyed by hurricanes Katrina and Gustav .
Monthly payments of $ 5,000 are simply not sufficient to maintain timely payments on boats and continue to pay for living expenses incurred by small business owners . ”
BP also refuses to provide claims to individuals who it determines have suffered financially due to the Obama administration ’s moratorium on new deep sea drilling in the Gulf .
It refuses to reveal how many have been denied relief in this way , citing weaknesses in its database .
Finally , Nichols said that claims awards have fallen sharply since a spike in mid-June , in spite of a rapid increase in filings .
Elsewhere , Mobile , Alabama ’s Press - Register reports that BP has not made payments to what it defines as “ fringe claims . ”
“ Largely unpaid , ” according to the newspaper , “ are claims dealing with health impacts , real estate sales , property value diminution and loss of use . ”
Feinberg , the supposedly “ independent ” claims administrator appointed by Obama , bears direct responsibility for the decisions .
In asking for relief for Louisiana victims , Nichols wrote to Feinberg that BP told her the claims information is “ now under your control . ”
There is no evidence that Feinberg responded to Nichols ’ letter .
Feinberg ’s central task is in fact to preserve the financial well - being of BP and its shareholders .
He is a ruling class “ fixer , ” having negotiated claims settlements — always to the benefit of corporations and the federal government — for the victims of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks on New York City , settlements in cases of workers killed from exposure to asbestos , a class - action lawsuit over a birth control device that killed and injured women , and the class action lawsuit of US Vietnam veterans who were victims of the chemical defoliant Agent Orange .
In his last role prior to taking over the BP claims facility , Feinberg served as Obama ’s “ Pay Czar , ” where he ensured that CEOs at bailed - out Wall Street firms were paid in the millions .
( See : “ Who is Kenneth Feinberg ? ” )
Every statement from Feinberg has indicated that those who will receive claims will be a relatively small group .
With a fund of only $ 20 billion to be paid out by BP over the next several years , it can not be otherwise .
The real economic impact of the oil disaster surely will run into the hundreds of billions of dollars .
Feinberg has already indicated that those “ indirectly ” impacted by the catastrophe will see no money .
This includes small business owners and homeowners who cannot demonstrate that oil damaged their own properties — even if as a consequence of the spill their businesses collapse or their homes lose their value .
Feinberg has also all but ruled out providing assistance to fishermen who operated on a cash - only basis .
Speaking in Florida ’s Pensacola Beach on Tuesday , Feinberg again implored Gulf residents not to sue BP .
“ You will not get a better deal filing a lawsuit and litigating for five years , rather than come into this facility , but that ’s your choice , ” he warned .
In fact , the applications turned down by his claims facility will enter any subsequent litigation at a disadvantage , a subject he himself broached in an interview with Fox Business News on Tuesday .
“ What would the law of Louisiana say if you file a lawsuit if you do n’t like what the facility is doing ? ”
Feinberg rhetorically asked .
“ I have a feeling that they would draw the line at a certain point beyond which , as a matter of public policy , you cannot allow that claim .
We shall see . ”
One came from a Dedham owner whose German shepherd suffered from severe — and expensive — health problems .
“ I got in touch with a vet at a nonprofit who removed an 8 - pound tumor from the dog ’s uterus , ’’ Manning said .
The surgery was successful , and the dog is now healthy .
To date , the group has helped 32 dogs stay in their homes .
“ We ’ve had requests from Wilbraham , the Cape , and along the Connecticut border , ’’ Manning said .
“ And 17 of our requests have been from the South Shore . ’’
Manning operates with just a couple of volunteers , storing supplies at her home and making most deliveries herself .
“ We ’re still small enough where I can name every single dog we ’ve had , ’’ she said .
That story was the spark .
After a good deal of research , Manning found only a handful of organizations nationwide that offered support to owners to help them keep their pets .
By June last year , Fairy DogParents was up and running .
“ When people say those words , ‘ I ’m bringing my dog to a shelter because I ca n’t afford to take care of him , ’ that ’s when Fairy DogParents comes in , ’’ she said .
“ Ladybug had been a rescue dog and had tons of diseases , ’’ Manning said .
“ When I went to get her ashes , I told the vet tech I was used to the expense of my dog , so could I be a silent donor for someone else ?
The vet tech mentioned a newspaper story about all the pets being surrendered due to the economy . ’’
Duxbury resident Marlo Manning is the dynamo behind the nonprofit , which she founded in March 2009 following the death of her own dog .
Enter Fairy DogParents , an organization that helps dog owners keep their pets when times get tough .
Conlon read about the Duxbury - based group in a regional magazine .
“ They ’ve helped me with Bailey ’s vet visits and with his food , ’’ Conlon said .
“ It ’s been a godsend .
I did n’t know there was anything like this out there . ’’
Meanwhile , Bailey ’s health took a turn .
The dog had kidney disease and kidney stones , and was placed on a special diet available only through the vet .
Conlon did n’t have the cash to meet Bailey ’s needs but refused to give up her buddy .
“ I ’d starve first , ’’ she said .
“ I lost my job and I was finding it harder and harder to pay for everything , ’’ the 66 - year - old Quincy resident said recently .
“ I went through my unemployment and then my 401K . ’’
Conlon took him in , and a longtime friendship blossomed .
But a year ago , her life got a lot more difficult .
QUINCY — Nearly 10 years ago , a lovable German shepherd / golden retriever mix named Bailey was put up for adoption .
For Sharon Conlon , the timing was right .
She had recently lost her own dog when she saw the ad saying Bailey was “ free to a good home . ’’
Referrals have come from shelters , rescue organizations , and even food pantries .
“ The MSPCA has us on their website , and they refer to us all the time , ’’ Manning said .
She has developed financial connections with area pharmacies and veterinarians , and her organization foots the bill for everything from cancer treatments to simple annual wellness visits , along with the cost of medications .
“ The money is given directly to the vet or pharmacy , ’’ she said .
“ The dog owner is responsible for 15 percent of the cost . ’’
Manning gets frequent food donations from small pet boutiques , as well as shelters when their supply exceeds demand .
She and her volunteers sometimes set up a table at a mall or grocery store , to raise cash .
“ We sell T - shirts and we have these goofy wands we make out of pipe cleaners , ’’ Manning said .
“ They have a foil star on top with the dog ’s picture on the front and his story on the back . ’’
She said such visibility has helped raise awareness about her group and cause .
She has traveled all over the state making deliveries .
“ When I show up , people are just overwhelmed , ’’ she said .
James Almeida , the owner of Dusty , an 11 - year - old golden retriever / greyhound mix in Brockton , is one of the grateful beneficiaries .
Almeida , 33 , is disabled , legally blind , and has undergone two operations for brain tumors .
He survives on Social Security , which is not enough to cover the cost of Dusty ’s treatment when the dog developed health issues a year ago .
“ Dusty ’s family was in tough shape , ’’ said Manning .
“ James was crying when he called me .
His family had given up .
I called around and found a vet in Brockton that would take the dog .
It turned out he was going into diabetic shock . ’’
“ He ’s on medication , and Marlo has been helping with the co-pay , ’’ Almeida said .
“ She also supplies us with syringes for Dusty and food .
I think it ’s a great service . ’’
And so Dusty has cheated death twice now .
Almeida remembers the first time : “ He was 6 months old , and he was going to be put to sleep , ’’ he said .
“ My brother took him in , but then I took over his care . ’’
Manning says she plans to pursue grant funding over the next year , so more help can be made available .
“ Last year , we raised $ 24,000 , but I personally put in $ 10,000 of that , ’’ she said .
“ So far this year , we ’ve raised $ 13,000 and our goal is $ 33,000 . ’’
In Quincy , Bailey is thriving at home , thanks to Manning ’s group .
“ He has one trick , ’’ Conlon said .
“ I put a small dog biscuit on his nose and tell him to stay .
When I say OK , he tosses it in the air and catches it and eats it .
My grandkids just love it . ’’
For more information on Fairy DogParents , visit www.fairydogparents.org.
Christine Legere can be reached at christinelegere@yahoo.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Consumer Reports announced on Monday that it cannot recommend the iPhone 4 to potential buyers due to reception problems that are a result of the design of the handset .
The company issued the statement on its official electronics blog , stating that the conclusion was reached after testing three of Apple 's iPhone 4 handsets purchased from three separate retailers in the New York area inside a controlled environment of a radio frequency isolation chamber .
" In this room , which is impervious to outside radio signals , our test engineers connected the phones to our base - station emulator , a device that simulates carrier cell towers , " the nonprofit organization wrote .
" We also tested several other AT&T phones the same way , including the iPhone 3GS and the Palm Pre .
None of those phones had the signal - loss problems of the iPhone 4 . "
It continued : " Our findings call into question the recent claim by Apple that the iPhone 4's signal - strength issues were largely an optical illusion caused by faulty software that ' mistakenly displays 2 more bars than it should for a given signal strength . '
The tests also indicate that AT&T 's network might not be the primary suspect in the iPhone 4's much - reported signal woes . "
The organization provided an " affordable " solution for users afflicted with signal woes , in covering the antenna gap found on the bottom left of the device with a piece of duct tape or a non-conductive material .
" It may not be pretty , " they wrote , " but it works . "
The latest update from Consumer Reports is a 180 - degree change from what it advised users earlier this month .
In that report , the company noted that there was " no reason " to not buy an iPhone 4 .
The company said , at the time , that they were unable to recreate the signal loss issue .
Apple has said that any mobile phone experiences reception issues when held improperly .
It has also said that users can use any case that covers the metal exterior band of the phone , which also acts as its antennas , with a case to prevent conduction through the user 's skin .
Earlier this month , Apple revealed that the iPhone 4 calculates bars of signal strength incorrectly , and a software fix is expected to be delivered in the coming weeks .
Apple 's iOS allots nearly 40 percent of its total possible reception levels to five bars , from - 51 dB to - 91 dB .
But the distance from four bars to one bar of reception is much less , from - 91 dB to - 113dB .
Consumer Reports revealed on Monday that it cannot recommend the iPhone 4 , even though the handset scored higher than its competitors in categories not related to reception .
The just - released smartphone ratings concluded that the iPhone 4 has the " sharpest display and best video camera " seen on any mobile phone , along with improved battery life and new features like a forward - facing camera .
​ Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak has taken to Minnesota ’s airwaves in a misguided attempt to blame violence at the hands of criminal gangs on marijuana consumers .
Star Tribune , in one instance of his absurdly inflated rhetoric .
“ When you pay for marijuana , you are paying for the bullet that goes into the head of someone on the streets , ” he told the , in one instance of his absurdly inflated rhetoric .
But the mayor ’s logic is tragically flawed .
By trying to blame violence entirely on marijuana ’s consumers , Mayor Rybak is conveniently ignoring the central role in gang violence played by marijuana prohibition and the politicians who support it , according to the Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) .
​” The only reason criminals make their money from marijuana is because our current politicians allow them to , ” said Steve Fox , director of state campaigns for MPP .
“ Like alcohol prohibition in the last century , marijuana prohibition has helped to fuel violent crime in Minnesota and across the country , ” Fox said .
“ Mayor Rybak is out of touch with reality if he does not recognize that prohibition — and any elected official who supports it — is to blame for giving criminals a virtual monopoly on marijuana ’s lucrative trade . ”
“ It is unrealistic to assume we can somehow magically remove the demand for marijuana , ” Fox said .
“ The only true solution is to regulate marijuana , and bring its sale under the rule of law , the same way we ended the criminal violence that stemmed from alcohol prohibition . ”
​ Even Mayor Rybak ’s own deputy police chief , Rob Allen , said that violence in the marijuana trade is caused by its prohibition .
“ It is illegal to distribute marijuana , so the people distributing marijuana are criminal syndicates that are engaged in very violent activity to protect their turf , ” Allen told station KARE 11 .
In a recent statement about this topic on a CityPages comment thread , Mayor Rybak wrote “ It ’s time we finally got honest with each other . ”
The Marijuana Policy Project said it could n’t agree more .
“ If the mayor wants to end violence associated with marijuana , he too needs to be honest , and join the growing ranks of those calling for an end to prohibition and the failed policies that drive money into the hands of criminals , and yes , bullets into people ’s heads , ” Fox said .
The wait is over : DC Comics announced their plans for digital comics distribution today , with comics now available on the iPad , iPhone , iTouch , and the Playstation Network .
Their partners include not only PSN but also Comixology , where they will have a DC Comics storefront in addition to their own DC Comics app , and digital comics will be made available on DCComics.com later this year .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/06/23/dc-comics-digital-ipad-comixology/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/DC_Comics_Goes_Digital_on_iPad_iPhone_and_PSN_Breaking';
The pricing for each individual issue ranges from 99 cents to $ 2.99 although $ 1.99 will be the " default " price for a the digital version of a typical comic , as DC Comics Co-Publisher Jim Lee told ComicsAlliance in an interview today .
DC also announced that it will compensate creators or both old and new comics for digital sales in a way that mirrors their royalties for print comics " One of the key components of our digital strategy is making sure that the talent who created these awesome stories that comprise our backlist are compensated fairly .
It 's calculated slightly differently , and not to get into specifics , but the amounts that will be paid are commensurate to our traditional royalty plan for comics in print , " said Lee .
DC Comics also announced plans for a retailer affiliate program through Comixology that will invest a portion of their digital revenue into initiatives that support comic book retailers , presumably to help assuage their concerns about the impact of digital sales on traditional comic book shops .
" As both a comic book creator and Co-Publisher , it was incredibly important that our plan includes not only creator incentive payments , but also an innovative component that supports comic shop owners , " said Lee .
" We see digital as an opportunity to grow our entire business . "
The initial release will offer content from DC Comics as well as their Vertigo , Wildstorm , and Zuda imprints , including selected coming from titles like " Batman : Hush , " " Green Lantern : Rebirth , " " Planetary , " " Jonah Hex , " " Superman / Batman , " " Fables , " and the first issues of " The Unwritten , " " All - Star Superman , " and " Sandman . "
Over 100 comics from DC 's library will be added to the library each month , While most of the currently available content comprises previously released comics , today 's release also includes " Justice League : Generation Lost " # 1 , a day and date release of the issue that is scheduled to hit shelves in comic book shops today .
There will also be several free comics available for the launch , notably several " Batman : Black and White " stories -- including fan - favorite tales by Neil Gaiman and Bruce Timm -- the first installment of " Bayou , " the first webcomic series published by Zuda , and a 10 - page preview of " Superman " # 700 , which launches a major new story arc called " Grounded " by J. Michael Straczynski .
It 's the first single from the second album from Nick Cave 's balls - out Grinderman project .
It 's swampy and bluesy and you may feel like you need a wash after listening to it .
The " Heathen Child " single is out on limited edition 12 " colored vinyl September 6 and features another version of the song -- dubbed " Super Heathen Child " -- with an ear - blasting guitar solo from the one and only Robert Fripp ( David Bowie , King Crimson ) .
The download version is backed by the B - side " Star Charmer " .
Grinderman 2 hits September 13 in Europe via Mute and September 14 in the U.S. via Anti-.
Listen to the non-Fripp version of " Heathen Child " above ( via @grindermansite ) .
Ca n’t bring yourself to upgrade to the Motorola Droid X and sticking to your first - gen Motorola Droid ?
Well we have a theme for you that may ease the pain for your aging wonder - phone .
Introducing the Droid X theme for your original Droid .
From the looks of it , the theme looks pretty spot on .
You ’ve got the “ love ’em or hate ’em ” three button configuration skinned to look like the Droid X , some wallpapers , and more .
But there ’s a catch .
Only Droid phones that have been rooted and flashed with Android 2.2 Froyo OS installed can use this theme , and from the looks of it , only the final , FRF84B build can use this theme .
But if you ’re an Android junkie , you ’ve probably done your fair share of modifications to your phone – in which case , this should be as easy as renaming to update.zip , booting to your recovery , and flashing the theme .
Voila !
If you ’re not already using Android 2.2 Froyo , this might be a good reason to get a taste of some Froyo !
It may not be the real thing , but it looks pretty close .
Other than looking like the real deal , the theme also comes with the Droid X ’s dedicated video player , live wallpaper , as well as the X Android boot animation .
This is yet another reason I love the little green robot .
There are so many things you can do with the device if you just look in the right place .
Other platforms are hackable , but none are as fun as Android .
I bought an iPod Touch for the sole reason of jailbreaking it , but it was n’t much more than an extra App Store .
There are some cool things you can do with it , but it seems that hacking the iPhone / iPod just gets a little boring .
With Android , you do n’t even need to hack your device to get a different home replacement , most of which support themes on their own .
For the bigger tech geeks out there , there ’s root , in which you can overclock the processor if you want your device to be faster and do n’t mind killing your battery more ( Not suggested for EVO users ) , and apply heavy modifications .
This theme is just one of the many things you can do .
For now , this stays in Motorola Droid - land , but I ’d expect to see this coming to more phones as time goes on .
Anyone willing to give this a go ?
[ Via : Droid - Life ]
女友達から恋人の関係になりたいならすべきこと！
「 友達から恋人になるには？ 」
ずっと友達だと思っていた人を、急に異性として意識してしまう事がありますよね？友達関係から恋人になるのは、最初から意識している関係より難しいと思います。
私自身、友達だと思っていた男性から、告白されたこと。友達だと思っていた男性を意識したこと。どちらも経験があります。
今回はどちらの視点からも考えてみたいと思います。
「 友達と思っていた人からの告白 」
学生の時、下手な女友達より気が合う男友達がいました。電話もよくするし、色んな相談もするし、二人で遊ぶのも気がねなく遊べる男友達でした。
周囲からは、付き合ってないの？とびっくりされるほどの仲良しに見えていたようです。
ある日、その男友達から、告白をされました。
ですが、私はその時友達としてしか見れないということを正直に伝えました。
今までのような友達関係は出来ず、しばらく気まずい時間を過ごしましたが、ある時自然に友人関係に戻ることができました。
その後、何年も友人関係を続けていて、お互い相手がいなかったら、結婚しようか？なんて、冗談半分な事を言っていましたが、今はお互い別の人と結婚しました。
今思うことは、とても気が合う男友達、結婚したら楽しかったかもしれないです。その男友達がもっと強引に来ていたら、私も付き合っていたかもしれないです。
結局は、友達という壁を越えることがどちらも出来なかったように感じます。
「 友達だと思っていた男性を意識した 」
友達だと思っていた男性が急にカッコよく見える時期がありました。
あれ？自分どうしたんだろう？とびっくりしました。
どうやらその男友達は、彼女が出来、いい男オーラを出していたようです。
彼女が出来て、人の物になった途端に、自分が気になっていた事に気付いたのですが、遅かったです。
一度だけ、その男友達と二人で遊んだ事があって、いい雰囲気になったのですが、どうしても彼女と別れてという言葉が言えず、彼女にはなれませんでした。
彼女がいるからどうせ無理だろうという、諦めと自制心も働いたのだと思います。
その後もたまに会う友達関係は続いていますが、いいなぁと思う時期がお互いに合わずに、付き合う事はありません。
「 友達から恋人になるには？まとめ 」
私の体験を例に考えてみましたが、友達から恋人になるには、タイミングがとても大切だと思います。
また友達だと思っていた相手に異性として意識してもらうには、きっかけが必要です。
私だったら、友達関係の時にはなかった、男らしい強引さがあったら、恋人関係に発展していたと思います。
また友達関係が崩れるのが恐いから、一歩を踏み出すのは勇気がいると思います。
確かに恐いのですが、もしかしたら恋人になれるかもしれません。そのまま思いを伝えずに友達関係のままでいるかは、自分次第ですが、私は今でも男友達にはっきり思いを伝えていたらどうなっていたかな？と思います。
後悔しないように生きるのは難しいですが、出来ることなら後悔しない選択をしていきたいものですね。
参考：女友達の作り方！女友達をデートに誘う方法
HollywoodNews.com : A trailer for director M. Night Shyamalan ’s new horror production “ Devil ” was recently laughed at by a New York City audience .
The trailer was attached to the “ Inception ” reels and on Friday night , the crowd at the 34th Street IMAX theater booed when the screen displayed “ From the mind of M. Night Shyamalan . ”
In the wake of “ Signs ” the director has lost a grip on his hardcore horror - thriller fanbase .
He completely distanced himself from them with the release of his family franchise film “ The Last Airbender ” which bombed with critics .
But Shyamalan has the last laugh : “ The Last Airbender ” has racked up $ 135 million to date at the global box office .
Page Six had the story .
http://www.nypost.com/p/pagesix/night_eclipse_CNwjEMLiqn59kRY7zVT0IJ
pd
Award News , Breaking News , Entertainment News , Movie News , Music News , Hollywood News
My penchant for rooftopping in Toronto has always come from my great love of photography .
The mission is to capture unique angles of the familiar , and to make the city refreshing once again .
Those familiar with my work ( here and elsewhere ) are no stranger to images of sweeping city - scapes , taken from all manner of unfinished condos and abandonments .
I rarely make those who journey with me the subject of my rooftop photography , however , and so I thought I might give it a try .
I decided to assemble a series of images depicting the wonderful people who join me on my esoteric adventures .
As the images show , many of these folks are amateur photographers like myself .
Observing the etymology of the word amateur is of note here , as it is derived from the word for " love . "
The passion these individuals have for their hobby is most certainly rooted in this form of love .
We push each other to climb higher , to go farther , and to reveal urban beauty using the often neglected roof space in our towering city .
The individuals , as it turns out , are as unique as the hobby itself .
You may recognize a few of them from my portrait series on this site a few weeks back ...
Sadly , some of the more beautiful rooftops have been lost to redevelopment , such as at the Don Valley Brickworks pictured below ...
That being said , there is hardly a shortage of new rooftopping opportunities sprouting up around the core ...
Even so , my favourite elevations are those of a particular vintage , such as the roofs of Toronto's
older hotels ...
I suppose that if there is a message in these images , it is one of levity .
Urban exploration is often seen in the narrow light of the exploration of abandoned buildings .
I tend to see this rather myopic preconception about the practice as a barrier to those trying to understand the motives of the urban explorer .
While the aesthetics of urban decay interest me the most within the hobby , I am always intrigued by the ability of elevation to change my perspective about the way Toronto flows architecturally -- especially when I 'm up there with a few equally passionate friends .
After all ...
" The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man 's heart " ( Albert Camus ) .
( To see the rest of the portrait series , as well as high - res. versions of the images above , you can check out my flickr slide - show below . )
Camelflage panties are women 's underwear with a piece of plastic ( or something ) sewn into the crotch that prevents the panties from forming a highly undesirable camel - toe ( similar to the Cuchini ) .
Wait -- those are n't cool anymore ?!
* untapes wiener from between buttcheeks *
Per customer testimonial :
I am OBSESSED with my panties and will be ordering more next week .
Two pairs just wo n't cut it with my workout schedule .... I love my Camelflage !!!
Thanks to you , the guys at the gym were staring at the games on TV and not at my crotch !!!!
Also , it protects the lady parts on the bike seat .
Whoa whoa whoa -- BIKE SEATS HAVE LADY PARTS ?!
I may never drive again !
Product Site
Thanks to BanAna , who does n't need Camelflage because she invented an invisibility cloak .
Well damn , smarty pants !
Many private armies are set up with government funds to fight crime .
Now local potentates are using them to assert their own power .
New Filipino President Aquino pledges to solve the problem through tighter security .
He has urged the Armed Forces to show more professionalism and discipline .
Manila ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) – Private armies linked to local politicians continue to grow in the Philippines .
According to the Independent Commission against Private Armies ( ICAPA ) , 112 armed groups exist across the country , most of them in Mindanao , the predominantly Muslim region in the southern Philippines , where the Filipino Armed Forces and Muslim rebels have battled it out for the better part of the past 40 years .
As part of his agenda , newly - elected President Beniño Aquino wants to bring such organisations into line .
Yesterday , in his first speech as Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces , he called on the military to show “ professionalism , integrity , discipline , valour , and hard work ” in working for national security .
As part of this , he wants to boost the strength of the Armed Forces in order to retake control of all the regions of the country .
For ICAPA member Edilberto Adan , it is not enough to give the Armed Forces greater means .
Recent studies indicate that many private militias are armed and funded by the national government .
These " volunteer groups " or " auxiliary " units are set up for legal objectives such as anti-drug campaigns or to defend local communities from Communist or Muslim insurgents and bandits , Adan said .
However , “ in reality , it turns out they are used for partisan activities by the local government that created them ” , including criminal activity .
Even regular soldiers and police are often recruited into private armies through money or political favours .
They are paid as little as US $ 58 a month to become enforcers in executions , abductions and drug - related crimes .
The Filipino government set up ICAPA on 24 March 2010 to study the phenomenon of private armies , in the wake of a massacre that occurred on 23 November 2009 in Magindanao ( Mindanao ) when a group of gunmen linked to the outgoing governor ambushed and killed 57 members of a rival clan .
In a recent report , ICAPA pointed to deep - rooted problems behind the private army phenomenon , such as feudal relations that drive poor people to rely on a few powerful men , not to mention poverty and a widespread culture that encourages people to settle private problems through the barrel of a gun .
Russian investigators have named the bombers as Mariam Sharipova , born in 1982 , the wife of an Islamist fighter , and 17 - year - old Dzhennet Abdurakhmanova , whose rebel husband had been killed by Russian security forces .
The women were part of a group called the Black Widows , who are willing to carry out suicide missions because their loved ones have been killed by Russian forces .
The federal Conservative Party continues to stay ahead of the Liberals , suggests a new EKOS poll , which found a gap of seven percentage points between the rivals .
The poll , released exclusively to CBC , suggests 32.4 per cent of Canadians would vote Conservative in a federal election , compared with 25.5 per cent who'd chose the Liberals .
The NDP has the support of 18.4 per cent , while 10.1 per cent back the Green Party and 10 per cent support the Bloc Québécois , the poll suggests .
Respondents were asked who they would vote for if a federal election " were held tomorrow . "
The Conservative Party led among respondents in every region of the country except Quebec , where support for the BQ dominated , at 38.7 per cent .
Although last week , the EKOS results suggested the Liberals were on par with the Tories in Ontario , the latest poll found them lagging behind .
The Conservatives were favoured by 36.8 per cent of those surveyed , and the Liberals by 29.9 per cent .
In Quebec , support for the NDP increased among those polled — to 13.8 per cent from 8.7 per cent , putting the Tories , Liberals and the NDP all in the running for a second - place spot behind the BQ , at 38.7 per cent .
Support was almost evenly split in British Columbia between the Conservatives , at 31.3 per cent , the Liberals , at 28 per cent , and the NDP , at 25.8 per cent .
For the poll , 977 Canadians aged 18 and over were surveyed July 14 to July 20 .
The margin of error is plus or minus 3.14 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
Just before Iran arrested US hikers Shane Bauer and his friends a year ago , he was nearly finished with an exposé on the Israeli army 's use of illegal weapons against protesters .
“ He would have published it long ago if he had not been arrested , " says his friend Shon Meckfessel .
" You would say the Iranians are standing in the way . ”
In an ironic twist , Iran appears to have arrested a trio of passionate young Americans who espouse some of the same causes as Iran itself , particularly taking a stand against United States and Israeli aggression .
Mr. Bauer , an Arabic - speaking journalist , had previously exposed pitfalls in the US strategy in Iraq .
His fiancée Sarah Shourd was teaching Iraqi refugee children in Syria , where an estimated 2 million Iraqis fled during the US - led war in their country .
And their college friend Josh Fattal had fought to get military recruiters off United States campuses .
Just weeks before the three were taken captive , says Mr. Meckfessel , they were in Israel to visit another friend , US activist Tristan Anderson .
Shortly after taking photos during a demonstration against the Israeli separation barrier , Mr. Anderson was shot with a teargas canister in the head by the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) and hospitalized in Israel for a year .
“ Often , when checking the Iranian press to see if there is any news about my friends , I have seen coverage of Tristan ’s situation , which is , of course , very sympathetic …
They see him as a hero for standing up to Israeli and US aggressions , ” says Meckfessel .
“ The irony is they are celebrating Tristan as a hero , but holding his like - minded friends as spies . ”
Meckfessel 's account of the hiking trip
A year ago , the four friends had set out from Syria , where they were volunteering to help Palestinian refugees , on a hiking trip to Kurdistan , in Northern Iraq , recounts Meckfessel .
Staying in picturesque Suleimaniya , the plan was to go hiking and camping in the Zagros Mountains .
On the morning of the proposed trip , Meckfessel says , he felt unwell and stayed behind , telling the others to go on without him – he would catch up the next day .
But the next day , July 31 , he got a harrowing phone call from Bauer , who whispered that they were being held by Iranians and that he should immediately contact the US embassy .
It seems the three either crossed the border into the Islamic Republic , or wandered close enough to it to be picked up by Iranian soldiers .
“ It was the last thing I expected , ” says Meckfessel .
“ The breath went out of my chest , I was so shocked .
We had no interest in Iran .
We did not even know we were that close . ”
Working for his friends ' release
On Saturday , it will be a year since they were taken into captivity in Iran , where they remain in Tehran 's notorious Evin prison with almost no contact with the outside world .
Swiss diplomats , who represent the US in Tehran have managed only three visits with the captives .
An Iranian lawyer has had no access .
And Shourd remains in solitary confinement 23 hours a day .
Meckfessel , who met the others when they all traveled down to Louisiana in 2005 to help people rebuild their homes after hurricane Katrina , has devoted the past year to trying to raise awareness about his friends – and help bring them home .
“ I want to shed light on their background of social activism , ” he says .
“ The problem is that coverage has flatted out .
No one is talking about this . ”
Mr. Anderson ’s parents have written to the Iranian Authorities , imploring them to release the three .
“ With Tristan , they share common principles , projects , and community , ” they wrote .
“ They are not instruments of their government , but independent thinkers . ”
Meckfessel admits there has been a lot of negative speculation about the so - called hikers .
“ A lot of people really think they are spies , or , if not , then some idiots , going on an extreme silly adventure .
But no , we have a deep involvement in the region and were doing some of the things that Iran thinks are important to do .
Is that not ironic ? "
Related :
New investigative report Cannabis , Britains Secret Farms looks into the growing marijuana industry in Britain .
It ’s full of disinformation and bullshit .
Standard mainstream media approach to something they know nothing about .
Nonetheless , there are some great gardens in this doc , just to bad most of them are being cut down by idiot police state prohibitionists .
Continue Reading
A former school pupil dressed up as ' Batman ' character ' The Joker ' and set fire to the building causing more than € 1 m worth of damage , a court heard yesterday .
Christopher Clancy ( 19 ) of Cherrywood Grove , Clondalkin , pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to arson at Colaiste Chillian on the Old Nangor Road on May 10 , 2009 .
Clancy , who will be sentenced later , told gardai when he was arrested at the scene that he burnt the school down " because it is run by hypocrites and I did n't like the way they treated my friends " .
Garda Liam Ganny told the court that Clancy , who had left the school the previous November , filled six large jerry cans with petrol and cut his way through a wire - mesh fence to access the school grounds .
He smashed in a glass door and proceeded to spill the contents of one can along the corridor .
He then lit the petrol and escaped from the school .
When gardai arrived at the scene they noticed a man dressed " in a purple suit , with green hair , a white face and red painted lips " .
" He was dressed up as The Joker from ' Batman ' , " said Gda Ganny .
" He then told us to go around the corner and we would see what he had done . "
Clancy had video - recorded the burning building on his mobile phone and had planned to send the video clip to his friends .
He told gardai he had left the school five months previous to the arson attack and " that 's when I planned the attack " .
He purchased the jerry cans over a five - week period and hid them in the bushes near the school .
He bought 100 litres of petrol from a nearby petrol station .
He told gardai : " I am glad I did it because the people will realise they can't treat students as sub-human . "
The school was closed down for five days following the fire and Leaving Certificate students had to be accommodated at another school to sit their exams .
Offence
Seamus Clarke , defending , said : " The fire was contained to the back of the school and Mr Clancy did not attempt to flee the scene .
" He was 17 at the time of the offence and is an introspective and reserved person .
He left school to attend Youth Reach , " said Mr Clarke .
He is now with the Tower Project and plans to attend Dun Laoghaire College of Art and Design in September .
Judge Patricia Ryan said the offence " seems to be a one - off incident " and " the difficulty for the accused is that he has n't really addressed the depressive episode " .
She ordered that he attends his GP for a medical report and adjourned sentencing until October .
Irish Independent
Image caption
The £ 20 bn Trident bill is more than half of the MoD 's annual budget
The full £ 20bn cost of renewing the UK's Trident nuclear deterrent must be paid for by the Ministry of Defence , George Osborne has said .
Traditionally , the Treasury has always found the money for the submarines .
The chancellor 's comments come as Defence Secretary Liam Fox warned it would be " very difficult " to maintain other MoD projects if more than half its budget went on funding Trident .
It may spark a political row , said BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Beale .
The MoD is already having to contemplate cuts in its budget of between 10 % and 20 % .
Speaking from New Delhi , where he was accompanying Prime Minister David Cameron on his visit to India , Mr Osborne said he had made it " absolutely clear " the Trident costs were part of the defence budget .
" All budgets have pressure .
I do n't think there 's anything particularly unique about the Ministry of Defence .
" I have made it very clear that Trident renewal costs must be taken as part of the defence budget , " he said in an interview with the Bloomberg newswire .
' Real dangers '
But in the Metro newspaper on Friday , Dr Fox warned against complacency as he defended the renewal of Trident as the most " cost - effective way of maintaining Britain 's nuclear deterrent " .
Analysis Robin Brant , BBC political correspondent
There is some internal politics going on here .
There is no love lost between Downing Street - and by that I mean David Cameron and George Osborne - and what Liam Fox is doing at the Ministry of Defence .
This is sending out a big signal that the MoD is going to have to take on the cost of developing the Trident replacement .
Having to consider meeting the full cost of replacing Trident is going to be a huge issue for the defence secretary .
The MoD has got itself into problems in the past with procurement and wasted a lot of money , so this is perhaps also sending out a very blunt message .
This will be something that the Liberal Democrats will be relieved to hear - the grounds are shifting on Trident , which before was off the table when it came to cuts .
" Should Iran become a new nuclear weapon state , Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Turkey would be likely to follow suit and we could see ourselves in a new nuclear arms race , " he said .
" There are a lot of real dangers out there and I 'm not sure people have really focused on them . "
He told the paper reducing the Trident fleet to three submarines would put extreme pressure on the UK 's policy of keeping one nuclear missile - armed craft at sea at all times .
BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Beale said it had become clear in recent weeks that the MoD and Treasury had been " locked in battle " over who should foot the Trident bill .
He said although the MoD had officially given no reaction to Mr Osborne 's comments , they had been met with " surprise and some anger " .
Our correspondent said the £ 20bn cost - which was more than half of MoD 's annual budget - would have " huge knock - on effects " , such as whether the UK could afford two new aircraft carriers for the Royal Navy , or the RAF could afford to buy 100 new fighter jets .
BBC political correspondent Robin Brant said internal government politics was also at play , with concerns that Mr Fox is trying to defend MoD spending too robustly .
" There is no love lost between Downing Street - and by that I mean David Cameron and George Osborne - and what Liam Fox is doing at the Ministry of Defence , " our correspondent said .
' Unsustainable '
The Scottish National Party has called for Trident to be scrapped to preserve funding for the rest of the armed forces .
" Absorbing Trident into the core defence budget is unsustainable and would have a devastating impact for spending on conventional forces , which are already overstretched , " a spokesman said .
" The implications of this decision could not be more serious . "
John Woodcock , Labour MP for Barrow and Furness - where the submarines would be built - said the decision would add to the concern the government was " hell - bent on cutting budgets with a speed and brutality that is simply not in the country 's long - term interests " .
The government is carrying out a strategic defence review of the shape and size of the UK 's armed forces , but has said it would not be looking at whether to replace the ageing submarines .
We could then be talking about losing thousands more jobs than the initial 13,000 - that figure will be dwarfed as the axe falls Bernie Hamilton , National officer Unite union
The Unite union warned that 13,000 jobs could be lost if Trident was delayed because the MoD had to bear the full renewal costs .
National officer Bernie Hamilton said : " Any lengthy delay will mean that Britain is in danger of losing the skills and ability to build such submarines . "
He said : " The picture gets worse if Osborne continues to insist that the MoD , already facing cuts of 10 - 20 % as part of the Comprehensive Spending Review , has to slash conventional weapons ' programmes to pay for Trident .
" We could then be talking about losing thousands more jobs than the initial 13,000 - that figure will be dwarfed as the axe falls . "
Unite also voiced concern about the future of its 15,000 members working for the MoD , including tank fitters and aircraft refuelers .
On Wednesday , the Royal United Services Institute urged ministers to consider dropping the requirement of always having a nuclear submarine on patrol at sea , in order to save money .
Trident vessels currently provide a nuclear deterrent because the submarines , under the waves in secret locations , would be almost impossible to destroy in a pre-emptive strike .
Critics say Trident is too expensive , and there have been calls to either scrap the nuclear deterrent or switch to a cheaper land - based missile system .
Tomorrow , a new school ?
ESTELLE MORRIS , a popular former education secretary and teacher , has observed that , for the past three decades , education policy in Britain has been shaped more by political expediency than by evidence of what actually works .
To his credit , the current education secretary , Michael Gove , trawled the world while he was in opposition , looking for proven strategies to boost standards in England 's ailing schools .
The evidence from Sweden was that state - funded , independently run schools established at the behest of parents not only raised standards in their own classrooms but also lifted the performance of neighbouring schools forced to compete with them .
This was the inspiration for the reforms that Mr Gove now proposes .
Sweden is not , of course , the only country that permits such schools to challenge state provision ; the Netherlands and many American states do too .
But Sweden is a particularly useful exemplar for a right - wing party keen to reassure centrist voters of the merits of market - based reforms .
Mr Gove wants to fix what he describes as “ one of the most stratified and segregated school systems in the developed world ” .
A single fact reflects the problem : the number of poor state - educated boys all over England who gained top grades in exams taken at the age of 18 is smaller than the number of boys from a single independent school ( Eton ) who did likewise .
His goal is to raise standards in state schools by allowing competition to flourish .
The policy is not popular within the serried ranks of state education , but the evidence of so - called “ free ” schools ' benign effects in Sweden seemed hard to contradict .
Recent rumblings that results there may be less rosy than billed have changed the mood a bit .
The latest appeared on June 23rd in Research in Public Policy .
Trawling through seven Swedish studies on education , Rebecca Allen of the Institute of Education identified one which claimed that the main beneficiaries of free schools were children from highly educated families .
Their impact on pupils from humbler backgrounds and immigrant families was “ close to zero ” , it found .
Worrying , if true .
But even if it is ( and six studies reached rather different conclusions ) , would the same be true in England ?
Possibly not , Miss Allen thinks .
In Sweden the lion 's share of free schools were established in prosperous neighbourhoods .
In England , which has a hefty fee - paying sector already , many of those who want to establish new schools are ambitious teachers working in poor areas .
Rachel Wolf runs the New Schools Network , a charity that advises would - be founders of schools .
She says that , of the 700 groups who have contacted her already , half are made up of teachers keen to work with poor children .
Many have come through “ Teach First ” , a programme that selects graduates from elite universities to spend two years teaching in some of the country 's toughest schools .
( A similar , earlier scheme in America also resulted in a host of new schools set up in poor areas by passionate and inspiring teachers . )
This is a pleasant surprise .
It used to be relatively rich and pushy parents who were expected to demand new schools in England , not top - drawer teachers pulling up standards for children who lack middle - class clout .
To help them , Mr Gove has learned another lesson from abroad : he wants to shake up planning rules so that new schools can be set up in places such as empty houses , disused shops and abandoned office blocks .
Founders of new schools in Sweden and America have often used such premises ; it cuts the cost of starting up tremendously .
I do n’t have any idea what ’s really going on with regard to the new head of the Consumer Financial Protection Board .
But Matt Yglesias is right : there ’s a strong prima facie case for appointing Elizabeth Warren , who was instrumental in getting the institution created .
As Matt says , such an appointment would raise the agency ’s profile , and help attract first - rate staff .
There ’s also a political aspect .
The Obama administration suffers from the perception that it ’s been too much in the pocket of Wall Street — partly because there ’s at least a grain of truth to the accusation .
Appointing a prominent pro-consumer crusader would have to help repair the image , while appointing somebody unknown to the public , especially when expectations are running high , would hurt .
And bear in mind that Warren really is a pioneering expert on household debt and financial distress , who has also shown an ability to work effectively in an official position .
Against that , whatever personal quarrels she may or may not have had should n’t count at all .
The new rail line would be constructed deep below the city streets .
The Albert Street station will have an entrance close to the Botanical Gardens and initial plans show it running under Albert Street for several city blocks to Elizabeth Street .
Ms Bligh said the favoured route would be a " game changer " for rail travel in Brisbane .
" A station in Albert Street will provide a link directly to the heart of the CBD and make travelling to popular destinations such as the Queen Street Mall , the Botanic Gardens and QUT Gardens Point a lot easier , " Ms Bligh said .
" It will be part of a project that will move 120,000 people in the morning peak into and out of the city .
A street - level view of the proposed Albert Street Station .
" That 's the equivalent of a 30 - lane motorway right through the city . "
Brisbane 's $ 8.2 billion Cross River Rail Project is designed to build a second river crossing for rail services running north to south .
Preferred locations for inner-city stations .
CLICK HERE FOR LARGER VERSION
The city 's only current river crossing for trains , the Merivale Bridge at South Brisbane , will be over capacity by 2016 .
The study team had been considering two other possible routes , under Edward Street to Central Station and under George Street to Roma Street .
Project elements .
CLICK HERE FOR A LARGER VERSION
One of the most exciting features of the proposed new station is the potential for rejuvenation of the southern part of the CBD .
But feedback from city workers , commuters , students and technical studies had put the Albert Street station ahead , Ms Bligh said .
" One of the most exciting features of the proposed new station is the potential for rejuvenation of the southern part of the CBD , " she said .
" Just imagine it - below the surface is a bustling train station integrated with a mix of retail and other commercial activities .
" Above the surface is a new place for the people - a mix of shops , cafes and public space - the new must - visit destination for people travelling to the CBD . "
Other new rail stations are planned for Woolloongabba - where the State Government recently sold the Sunmap Centre and Go Print site - and at the new Boggo Road Urban Village site .
Commuters will be able to link to the South East and Eastern busways .
An underground station at Boggo Road would let commuters link with the existing Park Road rail station and the Boggo Road and Eastern busways .
The Federal Government is providing $ 20 million and the Queensland Government $ 5 million towards the current feasibility study into the underground network .
" We will continue to work with the Federal Government and the private sector to see this vital project delivered by 2016 when our studies show it will be needed , " Ms Bligh said .
Private sector funding is necessary for the project .
A draft business case will be ready by the end of this year and by mid-2011 , the business case and funding proposals will go to both the state and federal governments .
Construction is expected to take about four years .
Loading
The Queensland government has already earmarked $ 14.2 billion for the inner city rail project , including $ 8.2 billion for this cross - river rail project .
Representatives of the Valley Chamber of Commerce last week questioned Cross River Rail Project director Luke Franzmann on why the rail line would initially go to Fortitude Valley .
To hear Oliver Smithies tell it , there was a direct line from one of his first lab projects to the experiments that won him a Nobel Prize .
Smithies showed that it was possible to target genes for disruption in mice , a technique that has revolutionized genetics and provided information relevant to human health .
You would n't have guessed it based on the first slide of his talk at the Lindau Nobel Laureates meeting taking place this week in Germany .
The slide showed an early page from Smithies ' lab notebook of a failed attempt to isolate insulin , an experiment that he had dragged himself into the lab to perform on New Year 's Day .
By showing page after page of his notebook to the audience , Smithies gradually told the tale of how failing to purify insulin eventually led him to a successful scientific career .
The long and winding road
Smithies had tried to isolate insulin using a standard chemical technique called plate chromatography , but the protein did n't cooperate .
So , thanks to another lab in his building , he tried a new approach , separating the protein on a gel made of starch .
It worked so well that he started separating any mix of proteins he could get his hands on , just to see what showed up .
One day , he ran a bit of blood serum and found double the number of proteins that most people thought were present .
Smithies dropped insulin like a rock and never looked back .
He began to hit up all his friends for blood samples and eventually found that different samples produced different patterns of proteins .
There was a bit of confusion — the first sample that showed a different pattern happened to be Smithies ' first female test subject , and that led to jokes about possible sex change operations .
But , eventually , the region of the chromosome responsible for the differences was pinned down .
All the steps were illustrated by yet more pages from his notebooks , many with hand - drawn diagrams of his gels .
His lab was so small — " it was just me ! " — that Smithies could n't afford a camera .
The reason for the difference in proteins eventually took Smithies in a new direction .
Some people carried a region of chromosome where recombination had gone wrong , dropping an extra copy of some genes in between the normal ones .
That got Smithies interested in the process of recombination , an interest that was furthered by the finding that some cancer - causing genes were the product of faulty recombination events .
If a bad copy of a gene could be generated by faulty recombination , Smithies reasoned , it should be possible to eliminate it through another recombination event .
So , he began to generate the DNA needed to knock out the cancer - causing oncogene ; more pages from the notebook appeared , including one that he pointed out was from his birthday .
" It did n't work , " Smithies said .
" You do n't necessarily get special dispensation because it 's your birthday . "
Do it yourself
After enough failures , however , Smithies and his co-workers were eventually able to get the technique working and refine it , in part with a bit of homemade equipment .
It was n't the only bit of homemade equipment Smithies showed a slide of .
After the PCR technique was published but before it was commercialized , he ended up making his own PCR machine .
" Make equipment if it will save time , but never make equipment to save money , " he advised the audience , noting that a lot of custom hardware will end up wasting money in the long run .
Looking for ways to put his technique to use , Smithies crossed paths with Martin Evans , another one of the speakers .
Evans had developed mouse cells that we now recognize as embryonic stem cells , and he developed a way of getting them incorporated into a developing embryo .
With Smithies ' recombination and Evans ' cells , " knockout mice " could be made with a researcher 's gene of choice eliminated .
Very quickly , key genes shared by mice and humans were knocked out by biologists at institutions around the world , which is why Smithies ' award came in the medicine category .
At 85 , Smithies remains an active scientist , and he finished his talk with a slide of another page in his notebook — one from last Saturday .
Earlier this year The Pirate Bay 's co-founders Gottfrid Svartholm and Fredrik Neij were banned from operating the site by a Swedish court .
Today ,
The Pirate Bay 's former spokesperson Peter Sunde was added to this list , and now faces a fine of nearly $ 70,000 if he does not comply with the decision .
Directly or indirectly , The Pirate Bay and its ‘ founders ’ have been involved in a dozen court cases in the past years , most notably the trial in which four people associated with the site were sentenced to one year in jail and hefty fines .
Despite this unfavorable verdict , which will be appealed later this year , the site itself remains online aside from some incidental hosting issues .
To change this course , Hollywood movie studios have been going after the alleged operators of the site in court , and not without success .
In May this year , the Swedish Court of Appeals confirmed an earlier judgement by the District Court , prohibiting two of the site ’s founding members – Gottfrid Svartholm and Fredrik Neij – from operating the site .
Failure to comply with the court ’s decision will result in fines of 500,000 kronor ( ~$ 70,000 ) each .
Today ,
The Pirate Bay ’s former spokesperson Peter Sunde was added to this list by the District Stockholm Court and now faces the same fine as his former colleagues for non-compliance .
It is doubtful that this latest decision will have any impact on The Pirate Bay ’s operation .
Similar to Fredrik and Gottfrid , Peter has previously stated that he is no longer involved with the site .
Even more so , in the past Peter only acted as a spokesperson , he was never in charge of technical operations .
Peter Sunde confirmed this stance to TorrentFreak today , and noted that he was surprised by the ruling of the District Court .
“ The interesting thing with the ruling is that the Swedish Court feels that they can judge me even though I do not live in Sweden and neither is the system [ TPB ] , ” Sunde said .
Indeed , all of the three people who are now banned from operating the site no longer live in Sweden .
This also complicates the enforcement of the rulings since it is pretty much impossible to check whether or not Peter , Fredrik and Gottfrid are complying with their demands .
Peter Sunde told TorrentFreak that he will appeal the decision of the District Court .
However , this appeal will be most likely scheduled after the appeal of The Pirate Bay trial this autumn so it may already be irrelevant by then .
“ I ’ve already appealed the decision , so it will have no effect anyhow .
The new court case [ appeal of The Pirate Bay trial ] is coming up even before this will be in appeal … ”
Sunde said .
Until then , Sunde continues to work full - time on his social payment startup Flattr .
Meanwhile , The Pirate Bay is serving torrents to millions of people every day .
BP has completed the first step in its latest attempt to completely stop the massive amount of oil spewing from one of its wells in the Gulf of Mexico .
In this image taken from video provided by BP , the arm of a remotely operated vehicle works at the Deepwater Horizon oil spill site in the Gulf of Mexico on Saturday .
( ( BP / Associated Press ) )
Underwater robots on Saturday removed the cap from the gushing well , beginning a period of at least two days when crude oil will flow unabated into the sea .
Step two involves installing a tighter - fitting dome that is supposed to collect most if not all of the oil , sending it to ships on the surface , 1.6 kilometres above .
If the operation is successful , the oil could stop leaking as early as Monday , according to Thad Allen , the federal official leading the cleanup .
However , BP senior vice - president Kent Wells said it could take up to a week to install the new sealing cap .
The current cap , installed June 4 , was gathering only around half the spouting crude .
The U.S. Coast Guard said it 's making the switch to the new cap now because of a forecast weeklong lull in the Gulf storm season .
With the old cap gone , as much as 19 million litres of oil is expected to flow from the damaged well over the next 48 hours .
Current U.S. government estimates of the spill range from between five to nine million litres a day , based on interpretation of a live video feed of the leak .
Containing the leak will not end the crisis that began when the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform exploded April 20 , killing 11 workers .
Two relief wells are still being drilled in hopes that engineers can inject heavy mud and cement into the leaking well to stop the flow .
That work is expected to be completed by mid-August .
Then a monumental cleanup and restoration project lies ahead .
Do n't just sit there .
Do nothing .
Due to the nature of the U.S. Senate , doing nothing is always and everywhere easier than doing something .
After all , doing nothing takes only 41 votes .
Doing something takes 60 votes .
So when you hear Bob Bixby of the Concord Coalition say that " the easiest option [ is ] policymakers simply need to do nothing and let current law play out , " he 's not lying .
For the deficit hawks in Congress , the next few months are going to offer a rare and valuable opportunity :
They can do nothing and bring the federal budget much closer to balance .
At issue is the expiration of the Bush tax cuts .
If allowed to lapse , they 'd improve the deficit outlook by about $ 4 trillion over the next 10 years -- and more after that .
As Joshua Gordon writes , " the difference in the publicly held debt resulting from [ extending the tax cuts ] represents an amount of money larger than the country 's total economic output in 2035 .
Debt held by the public would be 187 percent of GDP instead of the 79 percent it would be under current law . "
Further , imagine if Congress is able to extend the deficit - busting Bush tax cuts but not unemployment benefits .
But that , of course , is what most people think they 're going to do .
This will be a test for any politician who claims to care about the deficit .
If they 're willing to let the tax cuts expire -- a tough decision , given the politics of taxes -- it 's good evidence that they 're serious about cutting the debt .
If they 're not willing to let the cuts expire , it 's irrefutable evidence that they 're not .
Graph credit : CBO
Private pensions are hit for £ 100bn : Final salary scheme change will affect millions
Final salary pensions in the private sector will plunge in value following explosive changes revealed yesterday .
A technical change to the way annual increases in pensions are calculated each year means millions of pensioners and workers will be worse off .
Accountants KPMG said it could reduce private sector pension promises to workers by ten per cent , or about £ 100 billion .
Potential misery : Millions of OAPs could be worse off as a result of the changes ( posed by model )
At present , the annual increase is linked to the retail prices index measure of inflation , known as RPI .
But from January next year , it will be linked to the consumer prices index measure of inflation , known as CPI .
This is typically far lower than RPI .
The move has echoes of Gordon Brown 's £ 5 billion a year tax grab on pensions , one of his first moves as Chancellor in 1997 .
Laith Khalaf , a pensions analyst from the financial advisers Hargreaves Lansdown , said : ' This may be great for pension schemes but as usual that means it is absolutely terrible for pension scheme members .
' Final salary pensions in both public and private sector are losing their golden sheen . '
Many of the anticipated 5.3 million victims will have already retired and will be claiming their pension .
RPI is currently 5.1 per cent but CPI is only 3.4 per cent .
Someone who is currently receiving a pension of £ 10,000 a year would get £ 25,270 a year in 20 years ' time if the annual increase was linked to RPI .
Yesterday 's changes mean that the same pension will be worth just £ 18,875 a year after two decades in retirement , according to calculations by Hargreaves Lansdown .
This is a total difference of more than £ 50,000 .
The Government says the move will help companies keep their gold - plated pension schemes open .
But pension experts yesterday accused the Government of making a stealth move .
In the Budget last month , the Chancellor made clear that State pensions and public sector pensions would be subject to this change .
But no mention that it would also affect company pensions was made .
In this blog post I want to give an overview on what I am planning and working on for KWin in KDE SC 4.6 .
The big topic for 4.6 is performance – in 4.5 we introduced the blur effect and our designers want to extend the usage of blur to all windows .
This is currently not yet recommendable ( yes there are widget styles on kde - look which offer this function , but KWin is not ready for it ! ) , so we have to work on it .
In general there are three topics I will address in the next cycle :
Mobile edition : port compositing stack to OpenGL ES 1.1 and / or 2.0 Improve performance : render less , render faster and more frames per seconds during animations Stabilize the effect ABI to be able to provide BC latest in 4.7 ( if it makes sense )
These three topics are very much related to each other .
For a mobile port we need to improve the performance and port to OpenGL ES .
This requires to cleanup the rendering code which gives us a more modern rendering code resulting ( in theory ( I do not trust drivers any more ) ) in better performance ( render less and faster ) .
As part of this I am aiming to use forward - compatible OpenGL Shaders by default for rendering .
Yesterday OpenGL 4.1 was released and it would be nice to be able to use OpenGL 2 functionality in a real world application on Linux .
So this is an urge to the driver developers : please get your drivers ready for 4.6 – we will stress them .
In a next step I want to go to OpenGL 3 in 4.7 , but the free drivers do not yet support this generation .
( That ’s perhaps a point to work together with Compiz developers )
Thanks to the improvements on the rendering stack our API gets into a state where it makes sense to think about guaranteeing BC .
Currently we do not and break the ABI in each cycle several times ( up to now I broke BC in trunk more than five times ) .
Our API does not yet use d-pointers and we have many pure virtual classes , which will make it difficult .
But the API itself has not changed much during the last cycles , so it ’s pretty stable already .
With 4.6 the compositing stack will have been used three years , with two years enabled by default , so it ’s really time to think about it .
But this is just an idea I have and is not yet discussed with other KWin developers and it will require lots of boring work .
So where are we ?
I started with improving the rendering code of our Plasma styled frames and moved the rendering code into the concrete implementations for XRender and OpenGL .
That made it possible to get something like the following screenshot :
Boxswitch with blurred background
Also the rendering code is improved .
Instead of recreating the icons in each rendered frame by doing a QPixmap -> QImage ->
GLTexture conversation , the icon texture is reused and generated using Texture From Pixmap ( TFP ) as used for our window pixmaps ( there are still some effects forcing a recreating in each frame , but this will soon be fixed ) .
For passing the geometry to the GPU a vertex buffer object ( VBO ) is used instead of the very , very old glBegin / glEnd .
This VBO is also cached , so each geometry is only created once and passed to the GPU once .
My abstraction for VBO is able to fall back to legacy rendering if VBOs are not available ( very unlikely ) , which gives us just one high level API call to do legacy , normal and modern ( forward compatible ) rendering .
The old methods are deprecated although still used by the window rendering ( this requires some more useful changes as they currently stream the vertices in each frame ) .
For rendering the effect frames ( and all other textures ) triangles are now used instead of quads ( unavailable on ES and OpenGL 3 forward compatible profiles ) .
And what next ?
We still have many things to improve .
Especially window rendering has to be changed to cache the geometries ( when it makes sense ) and the clip regions .
The clip regions are one of the reasons why I want to switch to Shaders ( other reasons are Nuno ’s wishes for effects – if you want to work on awesome effects get in touch with one of us ) .
The API still needs some more cleanup and our compositing stack has to be split into parts for GLX and EGL .
Nevertheless I think the API is already in a state where I think of daring to compile KWin effect library this weekend on Maemo to see what breaks ( effects would not yet compile ) .
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Come visit us at Maker Faire 2010 Detroit at the Henry Ford this weekend ( Jul 31 & Aug 1 ) !
We ’ll be at the booth CMKT 4 : Making Music from Junk , where we ’ll have Bottle - Cap Contact Mics , Circuit Bent Devices , and Piezo Instruments for sale .
Michael Una will be joining us there with some gear from Unatronics .
CMKT 4 will be performing Saturday and Sunday at 2:00 pm and Michael Una will be performing Sunday morning at 10:00 am .
Here are some pictures of what we ’ll have with us to sell :
CMKT 4 :
Unatronics :
Baby cribs are more than just a piece of furniture .
These days , a baby ’s crib has become the object around which the whole nursery takes shape .
There are so many possibilities , ranging from classic baby cribs to modern cribs , and designer crib sets to hand - carved , wooden cribs - the list of options are really endless !
Whether your nursery takes on a classic look or you prefer a more contemporary style , we have the nursery crib set with the look and feel that you expect !
Here at aBaby , we pride ourselves in matching the style you seek with the quality you crave !
Choose from our standard , which though traditional when it comes to the design , can offer a great deal of comfort to your baby .
Our range of iron cribs , sleigh cribs , canopy cribs , and hand - carved wooden cribs impart an heirloom influence , both , in quality and design .
Our contemporary cribs in modern styles boast sleek lines and exciting colors .
Whether you choose a DaVinci crib or Angel Line 's crib , you 'll be thrilled with the sheer variety we have !
Our choice of convertible cribs that convert to toddler or twin beds will help you maximize your investment .
Take your time to browse through our categories , and get in touch with us if you need help with the right choice of a nursery crib for your baby .
Home - Articles
Specialist Economic Equivalency - Merchants vs Scientists
In the wake of the Epic 12 report by pindicator , a discussion arose about the economic production of specialists .
Like most players in the Epic , pindicator had Delhi as a huge commerce city with lots of science buildings .
He noted that it seemed more efficient to run Merchant specialists in other cities , in order to keep the science slider percentage high to leverage Delhi 's science productivity .
The questions are , is that intuition right ?
And how can we quantify it ?
The short answer to the former is yes .
Gold and beakers do not exist in a 1 - to - 1 equivalency in Civ 4 .
There most certainly is a difference between merchant and scientist specialists .
For purposes of this discussion , we make a few simplifying abstractions .
Strictly speaking , the game economy does not directly convert between gold and beakers .
We convert future commerce or specialist production to either gold or beakers , but I 'll speak as if they are currently equivalent .
Second , the in - game research slider only operates in 10 % increments , while I assume a slider that can adjust in increments of arbitrary precision .
This is correct if you consider the aggregate operation of the slider over time .
For example , if you want to run 78 % research , you can run 70 % for two turns and 80 % for eight turns .
For every empire , there exists a conversion factor between gold and research beakers .
This conversion factor is essentially the ratio of the average empire - wide multiplier for each type of production .
As a simple example , suppose you have a single city , with +0 % gold and +100 % science , producing 60 commerce per turn .
You can convert that 60 commerce to 60/0 gold / beakers , or 59/2 , or 40 / 40 , or 1/118 , or 0/120 .
For this empire , 1 gold = 2 beakers .
You can derive this ratio in - game .
Look at the F2 economic advisor screen and click your slider one step .
Disregarding roundoff artifacts , the change you see in each of your gold production and science production is your national ratio .
This ratio applies across your entire civ's production .
Suppose we need 20 gold per turn to pay our civ's expenses , so that Delhi is producing 20 /80 gold / beakers .
Now suppose you have a second city that 's producing nothing except for one specialist with no multipliers .
If you make that specialist a scientist , that 's +3 research , making the national production 20 /83 .
But if we hire a merchant instead , we can bump our science slider so that Delhi is producing 17 /86 gold / beakers with the merchant making up the rest of the cash shortfall .
Our merchant is actually indirectly generating 6 beakers !
HP 's anticipated Android - flavored tablet may not end up seeing the light of day , sources close to the matter have revealed to AllThingsD .
More specifically , it is " delayed and wo n't ship before the end of the year as planned . "
The news is not terribly surprising considering the clues we 've been given so far .
Although Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer showed off an HP tablet prototype running Windows 7 earlier this year , a more recent tablet - related announcement from Ballmer did n't include HP in the list of hardware partners .
That omission may have tacitly confirmed earlier rumors that the HP Slate project had been shelved .
Even more saliently , HP acquired Palm at the end of April .
Unsurprisingly , the company confirmed it has tablets based on webOS in the works .
Given all those recent developments , it would make sense for HP to consolidate its once wider - reaching tablet OS strategy and focus on building a unique tablet experience leveraging the unique strengths of webOS .
On the flip side , having done the work of experimenting with tablet prototypes running both Windows 7 and Android , HP is keeping its options open .
The rumor still suggests that the Android tablet is " delayed " and not necessarily " killed , " so it 's still possible we might see HP embrace a more OS - inclusive approach later on down the road .
Would you be interested in a tablet device running webOS ?
WOLFQUEST :
ANNIVERSARY EDITION
We are remaking Wolf Quest from the ground up with bigger maps , more gameplay , and more animals !
The first episode Amethyst Mountain , multiplayer , and the Lost River Classic map are now available as Early Access for PC / Mac on Steam and itch.io .
Find out more
Mel Gibson ’s next movie , The Beaver , was set to be released by Summit Entertainment in the spring or fall of 2011 .
Or at least that seemed like a fine game plan until the mother of his child , Oksana Grigorieva , accused him of physically abusing her and their baby , and released recordings of phone calls that purportedly show him crazily gasping to fill his lungs in order to more effectively call her three nasty names over and over again .
Now , Summit finds itself what ’s the technical term they use in Hollywood ?
Oh yes : superfucked .
Execs at the company privately admit that even they do n’t know what to do with the Jodie Foster–directed movie , the story of a depressed man who suffers a psychotic break when his family abandons him and becomes best friends with a beaver hand puppet that he imbues with an alternate personality with a British accent .
One Summit suit calls the situation “ unprecedented . ”
So what are their options ?
We ’ve laid them out below , and as you ’ll see , none of them are good .
OPTION 1 : Send The Beaver Directly to DVD .
Why it could work :
The Beaver might never earn back from theaters what it would cost to market the movie in the first place , so why not go to DVD , where you do n’t have the huge publicity costs to make up for ?
Why that will never work : First , going straight to video sends audiences a message that the film is in the same league as cheapo junk like American Pie Presents : The Naked Mile .
For another , you ca n’t count on home video the way you used to for ancillary profits .
The Los Angeles Times today reports that for the first half of the year , DVD sales were down about 15 percent , while DVD rental spending declined nearly 5 percent — thanks to a 55 percent jump in revenue at $ 1 per night kiosks like Red Box .
OPTION 2 : Market The Beaver As a Jodie Foster Film , Not a Mel Gibson Movie .
Why it could work : Everybody loves Jodie Foster !
She ’s an American institution !
And who does n’t remember Little Man Tate fondly ?
Why it will never work : Yes , Foster directed and played his wife .
But insiders tell us Gibson is in 90 percent of the scenes in the movie , making it all but impossible to hide his involvement .
What are you gonna do , kick him out of the poster ?
Look at how well that worked with Tom Cruise and Knight and Day .
OPTION 3 : Sell The Beaver As a “ Message Movie ” About Mental Illness and Have Mel Publicly Say He Is , in Fact , Mentally Ill
Why it could work : Imagine all the interviewers asking , “ Mel , have you ever felt like you were going crazy ? ”
Then he could make a little joke , “ Whatever could you be talking about ? ” then everyone chuckles , and he leans forward and says , “ But seriously , mental illness affects everyone , as you see in this movie .
Heck , it even happens to movie stars .
And thank goodness I was able to get help .
Everyone ’s not so lucky . ”
Why it will never work : Gibson recently lost his longtime agent and trusted confidant , Ed Limato , to lung cancer and was promptly cut loose by Limato ’s former agency , William Morris Endeavor .
Without Limato , who was well - known for his straight talk with clients , Gibson seems bereft of the professional advice that might preserve his career :
He seems genuinely committed to the idea that he can still win custody of his youngest child and be consumed with hatred for its mother .
Plus , when it comes to audience empathy for mental illness , there is a big difference between the clinically depressed and people who bellow “ I DESERVE TO BE BLOWN ! ”
OPTION 4 : Really Commit and Release The Beaver As an Oscar Contender and Hope for the Best .
Why it could work : Summit insiders ( unsurprisingly ) say that the Gibson film is quite good .
( It ’s not impossible : Wagner , after all , was a racist and an anti-Semite , but no one is suggesting The Ring Cycle was n’t a mammoth operatic achievement . )
The script by Kyle Killeen ( creator of Fox ’s buzzy new fall show Lone Star ) topped the 2008 Black List , the annual list of best unproduced screenplays in Hollywood .
And the Motion Picture Academy loves Foster :
She has been nominated for four Oscars and won two , and the fact that she ’s been acting for 41 years means they look at her like proud parents , even though she ’s 47 .
Why it will never work : Audiences stayed away in droves from Gibson ’s last starring vehicle , Edge of Darkness , and that was before he allegedly punched Grigorieva while she was holding his child .
And while Foster has won both Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress Academy Awards , she ’s never been nominated for her directing , even for Little Man Tate .
And let ’s say , miracles of miracles , it becomes an Oscar contender .
That ’s hardly a box - office indicator : Despite The Hurt Locker being named last year ’s Best Picture , Summit still only managed to squeeze an extra $ 1.7 million out of audiences after the Oscars .
OPTION 5 : Put the Film on the Shelf Until the Moment Is Right .
Why it ’s the best option : Scientists predict that in the year 2843 , the human race will be overtaken by a race of cyborgs with the prime directive that they deserve to be blown .
And they will need a summer tentpole .
We 've been hearing word about the new Judge Dredd movie for quite some time .
A step up from the Sylvester Stallone movie , it 's intended to be closer to the darker tone of the comic book .
And it was all the buzz at Cannes earlier this year .
Well , Bleeding Cool now understands that Karl Urban will be offered the role of Judge Dredd in the new movie .
Or at least Judge Dredd 's chin .
Because one of the main provisos of the deal is that , just as in the comic , Judge Dredd will not remove his helmet .
But of course that chin will now be seen in glorious three dimensions .
And , contract willing , Karl Urban is of a mind to accept it .
Best known of late for playing Bones McCoy in the recent JJ Abrams Star Trek movie as well as Cesar in Xena Warrior Princess and Eomer in Lord Of The Rings , as well as the upcoming Red , he certainly has the right geek - cred background .
But this is the role that is likely to make him a geek god supreme .
Drokk !
Infinite Loop alum David Chartier alerted us this morning that his MobileMe account type had changed from " Family Pack " to " Full Member . "
Turns out that several MobileMe subscribers have reported having their account type change , fueling speculation that Apple will announce tiers to MobileMe subscriptions next week during WWDC .
Previously , MobileMe account types were either " Trial , " " Individual , " or " Family Pack . "
Without notice , numerous MobileMe users had their accounts changed overnight to " Full Member . "
While rumors have suggested that Apple may drop the $ 99 price to better compete with Google 's services , Mac Observer speculates that Apple may instead offer multiple tiers of service at different prices , with current $ 99 subscribers getting all MobileMe features .
New subscribers would presumably be able to choose a cheaper option with fewer features .
In fact , both of those things might happen .
With its recent acquisition of Quattro Wireless , Apple could offer a free , ad - supported version of MobileMe along with one or more paid tiers .
Google 's cloud services , including Gmail , online storage , and mobile syncing , are all free and ad- supported .
At this point , however , this is all speculation , as Apple did not respond to our request for comment as of publication time .
When we test drove the Brammo Enertia and the Zero S last year , we learned three valuable lessons about electric motorcycles : 1 . They do n’t go very fast ( 50 – 60 mph was top speed ) 2 .
They ca n’t travel very far on one charge ( 35 – 50 miles was the distance ) and 3 .
They ’re terribly expensive !
They ’re still somewhat expensive , but at least they ’re getting faster and proving their ethonomical muscle at the same time .
Today , Brammo demonstrated a pre-production prototype of a new electric sportbike , called the “ Empulse , ” the world ’s first electric motorcycle to have a water - cooled motor .
The Empulse release features a trio of bikes that go over 100 mph , including one model that reportedly travels up to 100 miles on a single charge .
Empulse 6.0 is capable of 60 miles average range , Empulse 8.0 is capable of 80 miles average range and the Empulse 10.0 is the bike that can travel up to 100 miles on a single charge .
All three models travel distance can be extended by riding at lower speeds .
“ We thought it would be 2012 before we would see this level of performance and range , especially at this price , ” says Craig Bramscher , Founder and CEO of Brammo .
“ The development work we have been doing for racing has led us down a path that let us evolve our battery technology very quickly .
We think that the future of EVs is actually here now ( Or at least as soon as this bike ships and customers take delivery ! ) ”
Customers can pre-order an Empulse by visiting the Brammo website www.brammo.com.
Deliveries are expected to start mid-2011 and the bikes will then be available globally through select motorcycle dealerships and participating Best Buy stores .
The estimated MSRP for the electric bikes are : Empulse 6.0 , $ 9,995 , Empulse 8.0 , $ 11,995 , and Empluse 10.0 , $ 13,995 .
All three models will be eligible for federal and state tax incentives , whereas the 10.0 may cost as little as $ 7,000 in some states .
If you want to see an Empulse up close , Brammo is unveiling the bike at the 2010 Red Bull Grand Prix at the Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca in Monterey , California , July 24th .
Later this year , the Empulse will be at EICMA Milan , Italy and at the Macau Grand Prix , China .
What , did teabagger Michele Bachmann turn into a flaming liberal now ?
What the hell !!??
From Think Progress , Anti-government critic Bachmann chides Obama for not ‘ commandeering ’ boats to deal with the oil spill . :
Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - MN ) , a darling of the tea party movement and a loyal ally to House Republican leadership , is known for decrying almost every form of government action as socialism .
Bachmann has denounced emergency loans to banks , student lending programs , health reform , and regulations as examples of “ gangster ” government and onerous government takeovers .
“ People do n’t want the federal government to either own or control the private economy , ” she said .
But despite her opposition to government , Bachmann took to the floor of the House of Representatives on Friday afternoon to slam President Obama for lacking “ competence ” because he did not use the government to seize ships to deal with BP ’s oil spill .
“ Where were the boats that could have been commandeered to be sent into this region to deal with the oil plume , ” Bachmann thundered with characteristic disgust : BACHMANN :
The administration , they were hands off .
They did n’t do anything .
Where were the boats that could have been commandeered by the government to be sent into this region to deal with that oil plume as it was coming up in the water and destroying marine life ?
Nowhere to be found .
Why ?
The administration was hands off on this policy .
Unbelievable .
As Lee noted she 's not the only one of these hypocrites now calling for the government to do more .
These people are just shameless .
JAKARTA , Indonesia  Paulina Sugiarto’s three children played together at a mall here the other day , chattering not in Indonesia ’s national language , but English .
Their fluency often draws admiring questions from other Indonesian parents Ms. Sugiarto encounters in this city ’s upscale malls .
But the children ’s ability in English obscured the fact that , though born and raised in Indonesia , they were struggling with the Indonesian language , known as Bahasa Indonesia .
Their parents , who grew up speaking the Indonesian language but went to college in the United States and Australia , talk to their children in English .
And the children attend a private school where English is the main language of instruction .
“ They know they ’re Indonesian , ” Ms. Sugiarto , 34 , said .
“ They love Indonesia .
They just ca n’t speak Bahasa Indonesia .
It ’s tragic . ”
Indonesia ’s linguistic legacy is increasingly under threat as growing numbers of wealthy and upper - middle - class families shun public schools where Indonesian remains the main language but English is often taught poorly .
They are turning , instead , to private schools that focus on English and devote little time , if any , to Indonesian .
Gaza boat to be named ' audacity of hope '
Rashid Khalidi , a friend of President Obama 's active in Palestinian causes , has signed an appeal for funds to send to Gaza an aid ship that would be named after the president 's best - selling book , " The Audacity of Hope . "
A group calling itself U.S. Boat to Gaza is seeking $ 370,000 in the next month to send the ship in an effort to thwart the Israeli blockade on the Palestinian enclave controlled by the militant group Hamas .
A number of other prominent individuals are listed as support the appeal , including Angela Y. Davis and Alice Walker .
" We turn to you to help make the U.S. boat , The Audacity of Hope , a reality .
We must raise at least $ 370,000 in the next month , " the appeal says .
" These funds will be used to purchase a boat large enough for 40 - 60 people , secure a crew , and cover the licensing and registering of the boat .
In addition , the funds will subsidize some other costs of sending a U.S. delegation .
...
From the deck of The Audacity of Hope , we will be in a powerful and unique position to challenge U.S. foreign policy and affirm the universal obligation to uphold human rights and international law . "
The group claims it has already received individual donations for as much as $ 10,000 .
Khalidi , a Columbia University professor , briefly became the subject of controversy during the 2008 presidential campaign when the McCain camp tried to make an issue of what it asserted were Obama 's suspect friendships .
The news of Khalidi's involvement in the boat has already led the National Review to call for a Justice Department probe of the academic for providing material support of a terror group .
The White House did not immediately return a request for comment .
In response to an e-mail asking whether the appeal is embarrassing to the president , Khalidi said that he was not aware the boat would be named after Obama 's book when he agreed to add his name to the list of sponsors .
" But if the name is a problem for the administration , it can simply insist publicly that Israel lift the siege : end of problem , end of embarrassment , " he wrote , " That of course would require it to respond to the systematic mendacity of those in Congress and elsewhere who support the siege , and indeed whatever else the Israeli government does . "
Khalidi added : " I signed because the siege / blockade of Gaza , which is effectively supported by the United States , is a disgrace .
I support the idea because it may cause the media to pay attention to the effective imprisonment and collective punishment of 1.5 million people who by the admission of Israeli officials , are being subjected to this ordeal in order to bring down their government .
As the Goldstone Report suggested , this may rise to the level of a war crime , in which our country is complicit .
That is truly embarrassing . "
Duality
Lauer and Needham , 1979 :
Many operating system designs can be placed into one of two very rough categories , depending upon how they implement and use the notions of process and synchronization .
One category , the “ Message - oriented System , ” is characterized by a relatively small , static number of processes with an explicit message system for communicating among them .
The other category , the “ Procedure - oriented system , ” is characterized by a large , rapidly changing number of small processes and a process synchronization mechanism based on shared data .
In this paper , it is demonstrated that these two categories are duals of each other and that a system which is constructed according to one model has a direct counterpart in the other .
The principal conclusion is that neither model is inherently preferable , and the main consideration for choosing between them is the nature of the machine architecture upon which the system is being built , not the application which the system will ultimately support .
In Las Vegas , Ken Lowman , a longtime agent for luxury properties , said four of the 11 sales he brokered in June were distressed properties .
Image A home in foreclosure in Los Altos , Calif. , a city where the median home price is $ 1.5 million .
Credit ... Peter DaSilva for The New York Times
“ I ’ve never seen the wealthy hit like this before , ” Mr. Lowman said .
“ They made their plans based on the best of all possible scenarios  that their incomes would continue to grow , that real estate would never drop .
Not many had a plan B . ”
The defaulting owners , he said , often remain as long as they can .
“ They ’re in denial , ” he said .
Here in Los Altos , where the median home price of $ 1.5 million makes it one of the most exclusive towns in the country , several houses scheduled for auction were still occupied this week .
The people who answered the door were reluctant to explain their circumstances in any detail .
At one house , where the lender was owed $ 1.3 million , there was a couch out front wrapped in plastic .
A woman said she and her husband had lost their jobs and were moving in with relatives .
At another house , the family said they were renters .
A third family , whose mortgage is $ 1.6 million , said they would be moving this weekend .
At a vacant house with a pool , where the lender was seeking $ 1.27 million , a raft and a water gun lay abandoned on the entryway floor .
Lenders are fearful that many of the 11 million or so homeowners who owe more than their house is worth will walk away from them , especially if the real estate market begins to weaken again .
The so - called strategic defaults have become a matter of intense debate in recent months .
CNN 's Kelly Marshall reports on this bizarre burglary in Florida :
A man was charged with burglary Wednesday after police said he broke into a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , church with an unusual tool - a crucifix .
George Horn allegedly broke into the St. John the Baptist Catholic Church on the night of June 26 .
Fort Lauderdale police say the 48 - year - old suspect broke a window to enter the church , took a crucifix from the church ’s altar and then used it to pry open a donation box .
The suspect , who was caught on surveillance video , cut himself at some point , leaving a large amount of blood behind , police said .
( A photo from the surveillance video is above . )
It is not known how much money was in the box .
Horn is in custody .
England have risen one place to seventh in Fifa 's official world rankings , despite their poor showing at the recent World Cup in South Africa .
Fabio Capello's side were knocked out of the tournament in the last 16 after a 4 - 1 defeat by Germany , who have gone up two positions to fourth .
World Cup winners Spain have replaced Brazil as the top - ranked side .
Meanwhile , World Cup finalists the Netherlands have risen two places to second , with Brazil down to third .
On Tuesday , meanwhile , England 's performance in South Africa was officially confirmed as their worst at a World Cup finals by Fifa , which rated them 13th out of the 32 competing teams .
But that was considerably better than Italy and France , who were 26th and 29th after failing to progress from the first - round group stage .
Their decline has also been reflected in the latest world rankings with 2006 champions Italy falling six places to 11th and France , the 1998 World Cup winners , slipping 12 places to 21st .
606 : DEBATE
No way is Capello 's team of wannabes the seventh best team in the land
johnmclain South American side Uruguay , meanwhile , have risen to sixth , their highest position since the rankings were introduced , after finishing fourth in South Africa , where they were spurred on by striker Diego Forlan - who won the Golden Ball for player of the tournament .
The biggest movers in the rankings are New Zealand , who have climbed 24 places to 54th after going unbeaten in their three group games at the World Cup , a performance which was not , however , good enough to see them through to the last 16 .
Elsewhere , Scotland have risen two places to 41st , while Northern Ireland have fallen three places to 59th and Wales are down seven places to 84th .
The Republic of Ireland have moved up five places to 36th .
All four sides failed to qualify for the World Cup and their next major assignment is to try to qualify for Euro 2012 , which will be staged in Poland and the Ukraine .
Wales are in the same group as England , with John Toshack 's side hosting Capello 's team in Cardiff on 26 March , and the return game taking place at Wembley on 6 September .
England and Wales will also take on Switzerland , ranked 18th in the world , Bulgaria rated 43rd and 72nd - ranked Montenegro .
Fifa world rankings : 1 . Spain
2. Netherlands
3. Brazil
4. Germany
5. Argentina
6. Uruguay
7. England
8. Portugal
9. Egypt
10 . Chile 36 .
Republic of Ireland
41 . Scotland
59 . Northern Ireland
84 . Wales
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
POMAREZ , FRANCE — The 2010 Tour de France was canceled Friday morning following an incident during Stage 18 in which an unidentified automobile somehow found its way onto the course , struck each competing rider , and sped off without stopping .
Advertisement
" I can't believe someone would do that , " said Saxo Bank team leader Andy Schleck , who was with the lead riders in the peloton when the four - door vehicle pulled out directly in front of them .
" He came from a side road , just cut right across us without looking , and the next thing I knew I was flying over the hood .
He did n't even slow down , just turned into traffic and kept going . "
" Fucking asshole , " Schleck added .
The car , which French authorities said was a dull yellow American - made sedan of the type commonly used in service fleets and most likely a taxicab , was then seen to accelerate through the race course , where it allegedly struck the camera motorcycle , three team cars carrying spare bicycles , and every cyclist remaining in the Tour before disappearing down the road .
Advertisement
" It did n't even look like the guy was paying attention , " said Spain 's Samuel Sanchez , who was in third place at the time of the incident .
" What kind of jerk just drives away like that ?
Even if he was n't looking , he must have at least heard something . "
" Jesus , my bike is completely trashed , " Sanchez added .
" I do n't know if I 'll be able to afford a new one and it'll probably be just as expensive to get this fixed .
I sure as shit know that prick is n't going to pay for it . "
Advertisement
None of the riders , various media representatives present , or estimated 13,000 fans lining the route were able to get the the car 's license plate , though all agreed it was being driven in an extremely erratic fashion .
Many pedestrians who witnessed the 171 - bike hit - and - run reported seeing the driver reaching for something in his backseat and talking on a cell phone at the time of the incident .
Advertisement
" I was not exactly certain what had happened , " said Cervelo Test rider Jeremy Hunt .
" I was trying to get a few riders together for a breakaway , but then bang !
He just came out of nowhere .
Either way , it all comes down to the fact that drivers have no respect for bikes .
None .
How hard is it to share the road ? "
" People just have to be more careful , " Hunt added .
" You have to know that in France at this time of the year there are going to be a ton of bikes out there . "
Advertisement
Race representatives decided to halt the Tour when it became clear that all 171 riders would at least need to be hospitalized .
Alberto Contador , who was leading the race by eight seconds at the end of the previous stage , will be declared the posthumous winner in a quiet ceremony atop the Col du Tourmalet Monday .
As of Friday morning , French police had no concrete clues as to the identity of the hit - and - run driver .
Greg LeMond and Floyd Landis have accounted for their whereabouts at the time of the incident , though police have not yet ruled them out as possible suspects .
However , Interpol officials said they may have detected a pattern in recent international sporting events .
Advertisement
" We are investigating the possibility that this is the same driver responsible for several hit - and - runs during the French Open , the death of three Spaniards and a bull at Pamplona , and the vehicular homicides on the pitch during this year 's World Cup final . " special investigator Jean de Valery told reporters .
" Then again , he may just be a normal motorist .
Bicyclists can often be very annoying . "
Who Said We Want Less Government Protecting And Empowering Us ?
Cut spending ?
Wait - where did that terrible idea come from ?
Government is We , the People and its job is to protect and empower us .
Why in the world would we want to cut back on that ?
WSJ today , The Bush Tax Cuts and the Deficit Myth , " Runaway government spending , not declining tax revenues , is the reason the U.S. faces dramatic budget shortfalls for years to come . "
Wait a minute .
Back up .
Where did this come from ?
Who , anywhere , any time agreed to cut government ?
Why do We , the People allow these anti-government zealots to pre-frame the budget deficit as a problem of government doing too much for us ?
Which government function is the " too much " part ?
Reigning in runaway corporations ?
Consumer protection ?
Worker safety inspections ?
Food safety inspections ?
Maintaining and modernizing our infrastructure ?
Educating people ?
The courts ?
Keeping the water and air clean ?
There is a long list of things our government does for us .
Why would we want less of that ?
Imagine if Democrats voted to just put $ 500 billion a year in rockets and shot the rockets at the moon , and spent the next 30 years demanding that the Republicans do their part and raise taxes to pay for that .
Do you think the top 1 % would just say , " OH , OK , let 's do that . "
Of course they would n't .
But under anti-government conservatives all of these things that our government does to protect and empower us were cut to the bone or just ended , resulting in mine disasters , bank meltdowns , predatory corporations scamming all of us , and the BP oil spill .
We , the people got poorer and less secure while the rich got really , really richer .
Why would anyone in their right mind think that was a good idea ?
Conservatives cut taxes on the rich , resulting in the greatest concentration of wealth ever .
The entire economy turned into an everything - to - the - top vacuum cleaner scheme , filled with scams shaking down and fleecing We , the People of everything we have and delivering it to a few wealthy corporation - owners .
And then we get this bamboozlement that " the deficit " is out of control , so we have to cut back on anything that remains of government working for We , the People ?
I do n't think so .
Think about the level of bamboozlement that is going on here .
Republicans cut taxes on the rich , and then spend the next 30 years saying , " OK , now you have to do your part and cut the things government does for the people . "
The whole thing was a scheme to deliver power to a few at the top .
In Reagan Revolution Home To Roost : America Drowning In Debt you can see the step - by - step outline of the plan , in their own words .
The deficit plan was right there for everyone to see :
Step 1 : Cut taxes to " cut the allowance " of government so that it can't function on the side of We , the People .
Intentionally force the government into greater and greater debt .
Cut taxes to " cut the allowance " of government so that it can't function on the side of We , the People .
Intentionally force the government into greater and greater debt .
Step 2 : Use the debt as a reason to cut the things government does for We , the People .
When the resulting deficits pile up scare people that the government is " going bankrupt " so they 'll let you sell off the people 's assets and " privatize " the functions of government .
Of course , insist that putting taxes back where they were will " harm the economy . "
Use the debt as a reason to .
When the resulting deficits pile up scare people that the government is " going bankrupt " so they 'll let you sell off the people 's assets and " privatize " the functions of government .
Of course , insist that putting taxes back where they were will " harm the economy . "
Step 3 : Blame liberals for the disastrous effects of spending cutbacks .
So when did We , the People agree to this one - way bargain , cut taxes for the rich and cut what government does for us ?
We did n't , and we should stop acting like we did .
Every single one of us knows that the deficits are the result of tax cuts for the rich and huge military spending increases .
If we want to fix the deficit problem we know exactly what to do .
Text size
Fox Business Networkthis morning reportedthat a suit it filed against the Securities & Exchange Commissionin March for information pertaining to Bernie Madoff 's fraud was greeted yesterday by the Commission with the rather startling assertion that the SEC no longer has to respond to public requests for information under new rules brought on by financial reform legislation .
As Fox 's Dunstan Prialputs it :
The law , signed last week by President Obama , exempts the SEC from disclosing records or information derived from " surveillance , risk assessments , or other regulatory and oversight activities . "
Given that the SEC is a regulatory body , the provision covers almost every action by the agency , lawyers say .
Congress and federal agencies can request information , but the public cannot .
Prial reports he has n't gotten any response to his request for comment on the matter from the SEC .
The article includes a document link from Scribd with text of the new law , HR 4173 , Section 929I , in which it states the SEC Act of 1934 is amended to state the SEC is " not compelled to disclose records or information obtained [...] including surveillance , risk assessments , or other regulatory and oversight activities . "
The lawyer for Fox , Steven Mintz , with Mintz & Gold LLCin New York , says the network plans to challenge the SEC on its interpretation of the law .
Does this mean the SEC has just brazenly stepped outside Freedom of Information Act rules ?
I 'm not sure .
I plan to inquire with the SEC on its side of the story and will let you know what , if anything I find .
Note : Fox Business , of course , is a part of News Corp. , also the publisher of Barron 's and of this blog .
Correction :
As a few readers noted , the wrong section number was listed above for the relevant passage in HR 4173 .
It is Section 929I , as in Internet , not a numeral " 1 " on the end .
You can see the passage in the Library of Congress postingof the final version of the bill .
My apologies for any confusion caused by the error .
The European Union 's new sanctions against Iran appear to open a new space for eager Chinese companies to expand their investments in a country viewed as a rogue player by much of the western world .
With China recently coming to light as Iran 's largest trade partner , some Chinese analysts predict a wealth of new geopolitical and business opportunities with Iran .
But officialdom may still waver at the idea of Beijing seen as a ' free - rider ' .
An energy - thirsty China has signed agreements with Iran worth tens of billions of dollars to allow it privileged access to Iran 's oil and gas sector .
Courting the partnership of Iran , which possesses the world 's fourth largest reserves of oil and second largest of gas , has been a long and arduous process , and Beijing would loathe to jeopardise it .
In recently published memoirs China 's long - time ambassador to Tehran Hua Liming admitted that his diplomacy in Iran after China became an oil importer in the early 1990s had been entirely dictated by energy politics .
Last year Iran accounted for 11 percent of China 's oil imports , ranking third among China 's main oil suppliers after Angola and Saudi Arabia .
Spurred by its energy needs , China has undertaken a range of investment projects in Iran , gradually filling in the void left over by Western firms forced out by international sanctions .
With more than 100 Chinese companies present in Iran , it has built Tehran 's subway , power stations , ferrous metals smelting factories and petrochemical plants .
As bilateral trade reached 21.2 billion dollars in 2009 , China surfaced as Iran 's most important trade partner .
On paper the European Union still ranks as Iran 's largest trading partner , but if Chinese goods imported in Iran via the United Arab Emirates are considered , China has already overtaken the EU .
This has led some to believe that Iran 's defiant attitude towards the west derives somewhat from a newfound confidence that China is now supplanting Tehran 's traditional trade partners .
' Who can blame Iran for being so ferocious with China behind its back ? ' says an opinion piece on one of China 's largest Internet portals China.com .
With international pressure on Iran to abandon its nuclear programme mounting in the last few years , western companies began reducing their dealings with Tehran further , and Iran turned more to China for investment in its oil and gas sectors , says Dr. Harsh V. Pant , professor in the Department of Defence studies at King 's College , London .
The new round of sanctions agreed by the European Union means that ' China will remain Iran 's most significant major power supporter , and there will be little incentive for Tehran to negotiate in good faith , ' Dr. Pant tells IPS .
The sanctions target the oil and gas industries -- the backbone of Iran 's economy , as well as foreign trade and financial services .
They ban new EU investments in the energy sector and the export to Iran of key equipment and technology for refining and for the exploration and production of natural gas .
The EU foreign ministers announced the new restrictions a month after the U.S. imposed its own strengthened sanctions on Iran .
Last month the UN Security Council passed a fourth round of international sanctions over Iran 's clandestine nuclear programme .
China , a UN Security Council member , inconspicuously lent its support .
' Even though China does not want to be seen as ganging up with the West and hopes to maintain a strategic partnership with Tehran , it does not want to complicate relations with Washington either , ' says Jonathan Holslag , research fellow with the Brussels Institute of Contemporary China studies .
Holslag believes
Beijing has given ' subtle but clear signals that it wants Iran to cooperate with the UN . '
He points to Beijing 's decision to slow down investment in the Yadavaran oil field and delay the disbursement of loans .
When Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited the Shanghai Expo , Chinese leaders reportedly refused to meet him .
With China called upon to become a ' responsible stakeholder ' in the international system , Beijing has walked a fine line , trying to work in concert with the international community to force Tehran to abandon its nuclear weapons programme , while preserving its vital interests in Iran .
Beijing supports non-proliferation efforts as part of its broader campaign to gain a higher international profile .
Attempting to water down previous UN sanctions has not only been for the purpose of protecting China 's energy supplies , argues Holslag .
He believes the Chinese elite finds the sanctions counterproductive as they are ' the grist for the mill of Iranian hardliners ' and fuel ' nuclear nationalism ' .
On Sunday China 's top diplomat called for fresh nuclear talks and more diplomatic effort to resolve the standoff over Iran 's nuclear programme .
' China continues on the path of negotiations ' regarding Tehran 's nuclear energy programme , foreign minister Yang Jiechi said in Vienna .
A recent piece in the Chinese newspaper Global Times claimed that Beijing had secured tacit agreement from western powers that in any follow - on sanctions adopted by the U.S. and the European Union , China 's interests in Iranian energy and trade would be protected .
But ' the new EU sanctions mean that the Iranian energy sector will continue to face major constraints in reaching its full potential , ' says Dr. Pant .
' And therefore China will find it difficult to exploit the sector fully . '
In his memoirs ex-ambassador Hua Liming recounts the difficulties China and Iran faced with securing the flow of Iranian high sulphur crude oil to China in mid-1990s .
Although Iran now exports around 27 million metric tonnes of crude to China every year , the lack of knowhow and technology still impede the progress of several Chinese oil exploration and development projects in Iran .
The Most Identical Twins Competition
Contestants in an Identical Twins competition held at London 's Pineapple Studios on Monday .
Some of these twins are pretty damn identical .
Also , sometimes they apparently make out with each other ?
( Via . )
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the Notices of Default ( NOD ) by year through 2009 , and for the first half of 2010 , in California from DataQuick .
Although the pace of filings has slowed , it is still very high by historical standards .
From DataQuick : California Mortgage Defaults Hit Three - Year Low ; Foreclosures Rise
The number of California homes pushed into the formal foreclosure process between April and June dropped for the fifth consecutive quarter to the lowest level in three years .
The declines were greatest in the most affordable areas , where foreclosure activity continues to fall from extremely high levels over the past two years , a real estate information service reported .
A total of 70,051 Notices of Default ( " NODs " ) were filed at county recorder offices during the April - to - June period .
That was down 13.6 percent from 81,054 for the prior quarter , and down 43.8 percent from 124,562 in second - quarter 2009 , according to San Diego - based MDA DataQuick .
Last quarter 's total was the lowest since second - quarter 2007 , when 53,943 NODs were recorded .
The peak was in first - quarter 2009 when 135,431 homeowners received foreclosure notices .
" Obviously , motivated sellers and accommodating lenders have played a part in bringing the default filings down , especially when it comes to short sales .
Public policy has also been a factor .
We also need to remember that prices have come up off bottom over the past year .
If they continue to rise , fewer homeowners will find themselves under water , which is a significant factor in letting a home go , " said John Walsh , DataQuick president .
...
The number of Trustees Deeds ( TDs ) recorded , which reflect the number of houses or condo units lost at the end of the foreclosure process , totaled 47,669 during the second quarter .
That was up 11.2 percent from 42,857 for the prior quarter , and up 4.4 percent from 45,667 for second - quarter 2009 .
The all - time peak was 79,511 in third - quarter 2008 .
Because of the number of homes in the foreclosure pipeline , the number of distressed sales ( foreclosures and short sales ) will probably increase throughout 2010 - even as NODs decline .
As prices fall later this year , we might see another pick up in NODs .
Although NODs will decline in 2010 from 2009 , the number will still be very high .
The number of filings in the first half alone is at the peak of the previous housing bust .
As I 've noted before , in terms of new NOD filings the peak was probably in 2009 .
A few key points :
Hi China -
A few questions : First , I ’m wondering if you took any inspiration from Ernest Mandel 's book on the detective novel , Delightful Murder ?
Mandel talks about the question of " fairness " for the reader — not withholding evidence from them so they have an equal chance at solving the crime .
One of the things I liked quite a bit about the way you brought us along with Borlu was that we were n't always privy to everything he was thinking , but you still " played fair " with us .
Just wondering if you can comment on that a bit , and your approach to what readers should be able to see of Borlu ’s thought processes ?
Second :
One of the things I really enjoy about your books is that the politics are there , but feel always organic to the story trajectory and form , never tacked on or wooden ( I love , in particular , the descriptions of the strikes in Perdido and Kraken . )
No one in The City and the City ever has to make a lengthy exposition on " combined and uneven development " or " alienation " — but people familiar with those concepts might certainly have them in mind on reading .
As an active socialist , how do you approach the question of politics in your writing ?
Are you particularly conscious of trying to share your politics with your readers when you write ?
Or does that not factor in ?
Lastly , in the IO9 open thread discussion of the book , one of the things that kept coming up was the idea of fantasy vs. fact .
It seemed like there was a crop of readers who were somewhat disappointed by the reveal about the rather non-fantastical nature of Breach , the reveal of the non-discovery of Orciny , etc .
Some folks seemed very disappointed that there was no straight - up magic .
I felt , however , like it was actually a pretty interesting comment about the nature of ideology in the construction of national and personal identity .
( Especially with the question of the nationalists and unificationists , both of whom seemed to bolster the existing order in some ways ... acting as " safety valves " of the system at various points of tension ? )
As one of the few ardent left - wing defenders of fantasy as a genre , how much did you go into this thinking of it as a potential fantasy novel ?
Did that concept change as you wrote ?
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Easy < p > I bought this unit from a shop in Atlanta .
If you 're looking for a good solid vaporizer for around $ 150 , this might just be your vaporizer .
This unit when I took it out the box first thing I noticed was that it was small and lightweight .
</ p>< p>The Easy Vape looks like the original Vapor Brothers Vaporizer , except it 's made from plastic .
The heater seems powerful enough so - hbl- substances vaporization is efficient .
I received a nice amount of flavor when using this vape .
The hands free whip that came standard was cool , allowing me to sit back and draw - hb -s at your leisure .
</p>< p>
The cons about this unit I would say would have to be that if I did n't have my - hb -s finely chopped and grounded I was n't able to retrieve good vapors from the unit .
Only a five year warranty to some might be not long enough .
I only say the warranty is a downfall just because the unit is made out of plastic , so in a sense there 's no real sense of an idea how long it will hold up in durability .
</ p> By Dababii on June 21 , 2011
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Best thing money can buy I overall think this is a fine piece .
Cons :
It combusts my - hb- and catches on fire sometimes .
Pros :
Fat bowl packRips hard Nice detail on the glasssmall compact Heats up fast Easy to adjust tempCool lighting Cost me ~ $ 100 portable easy to use Keep up the good work Easy vape !!!
This is a piece every - sk -r has to have .
By Bushman420 on August 23 , 2011
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Easy Vape the Name Fits Reading the reviews one would get mixed feelings about this vaporizer , but for the price and everything you get for it I am not sure what anyone would have to complain about it ?
I can only assume that those who didnt like it have much higher expectations and standards then I .
But who can complain about such an easy to use vaporizer ?
You set the temperature , easy to load , easy to see what is going on and it produces too .
I want to also thank Got Vape , they offer the 5 year warranty which convinced me to get this , and fast as hell shipping too !
By Purely Vaping on October 1 , 2011
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful helpful hint I love my easyvape !
I have a recommendation to anyone else who loves and has this unit .
I find that turning the unit upside down while vaporizing gives a better draw because of the way the heating element is angled .
Just a quick tip =)
By loverboy on October 13 , 2011 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Crap
When I bought this I could tell it wasent exactly the best quality just by lifting it , and feeling the platic .
However I didnt mind that because it got the job done .
Only two months later while in the middle of a sesh it just stopped working , and no it wasent the fuse .
I tried replacing that but it still doesnt turn on .
In my opinion just save your money and get something thats better quality .
By Oreo on March 27 , 2012
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful gets the job done nicely : )
My very first home vaporizer unit .
I am very happy with my purchase !
By booboo821 on April 20 , 2012 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Great This vaporizer is just amazing .
Buy it and you 'll see what I mean .
By Jimmy on April 28 , 2012 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Not too shabby
When I first received it , I plugged it in and it immediately burnt out the fuse just from turning it on .
But the customer service was pretty good , and I got a new unit in the mail .
This one works great , and it gets the job done well for the price .
Definitely worth the money .
By nanners on July 20 , 2012 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Hard ripping , lung gripping , style dripping vapooorize !
Me and my buds plugged this bad boy into the wall .
oh man , like .... whoa .
You are gonna need to find yourself a co-pilot if youre going anywhwere .
Vaporizing is kinda different but still pretty sweet i guess .
anyway i liked the product !
By ongasaurs - rex on November 25 , 2012 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful First Vape and its amazing .
This Vape is awesome .
For the sweet low price I was kinda nervous at how good the vaporizer would actually be but I was soon proven wrong after unpacking and then packing and christening this baby up .
Vapes are known for kicking you on your ass with the sweetest of tastes and this Vape does n't fall short of either .
I also was pleased to realize they packed a glass pineapple poker in the box as well which comes in very handy .
Thank you GotVape for selling such an awesome product .
By Britzzo on January 10 , 2013
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Happy with mine !
Happy with mine !
By Art on March 13 , 2013
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful gentleman 's vape why are n't there gentlemans brand vapes on here ?
I love my pen by them .
I even got a pre-filled cartridge from them - they have another company called natures way delivery and i use their e- cartridge and it tastes so good and gets me the right amount of high and lasts a long time .
It does n't smell so I - sk - it all over the place and thats what I really like about the Gentlemans pen .
Its so small and looks like an e-cig so thats what people think I 'm - smk - , I 'm sure !
By sarah t. on July 26 , 2013 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Easy Vape Digital First of all , the price of this unit is perfect .
Most desktop units cost a fortune and after a few months they fail on you .
I just bought an easy vape for my brother and he 's hooked .
By Dan_p on November 15 , 2013
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Easy Vape
The easy vape is a good vaporizer for the price , its easy to use and works great .
My only complaint is that i did n't get the Poster was promised in the powerpack exclusive nor did i get any got vape stickers .
On my last order i received all my items quicker and it came with several stickers and wipes .
By Hector on December 21 , 2013
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
1 of 1 people found the following review helpful Thank you Easy Vape I 've had my easy Vape for a month now and its working like a charm still .
This should cost a lot more in my opinion .
I 'm new to - smk -/ vaping and I got this down within the time I 've had it .
The taste you get from a new bowl is great , better then a - pi - or bong .
Great product , I would recommend this to any one .
By Stu on November 28 , 2014
Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
0 of 1 people found the following review helpful Easy vape digital Dealing with customer service ' Corey ' to be specific was unpleasant .. she was very unfriendly and not helpful !
Would not buy from this company again !
By GC on August 19 , 2011 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
0 of 1 people found the following review helpful I GOT THAT SHIT FOR $ 10 NIGGA !!!
AND A -sk - OUT !!!
I GOT THAT SHIT for $ 10 NIGGA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
By X to the Z on October 23 , 2011 Was this review helpful to you ?
Yes No
Click to viewWhile a splash of wax on your cake frosting is n't the end of the world you can easily keep the surface of your cake wax - free with the assistance of Lifesavers candies .
Advertisement
In the above video the staff at Howcast , the how - to video site , share a simple trick for keeping cake wax - free .
When you are setting up the candles on the cake place the candle firmly through the center of a hard and round candy like a Lifesaver .
Any wax that drips down the side will harden on the surface of the candy and not across the surface of your cake .
While you 're applying hacks to your cake do n't forget to use a piece of dental floss to cut it , it works astoundingly well .
Have a clever tip to share ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Advertisement
How - To Keep Birthday Candles from Dripping Wax on Your Cakes [ The How - To Gal via Simple Productivity Blog ]
They further narrowed the date with the help of fossil beetles of a species that lived only in temperatures that are quite warm .
The presence of this species suggests that the region was occupied during one of the two periods between glacial advances that occurred 950,000 and 840,000 years ago .
“ Collectively , this evidence provides a strong case for the Happisburgh site as the oldest uncontested site of human occupation of Europe , ” said Andrew P. Roberts , an expert on paleomagnetic dating at the Australian National University .
The site is known to archaeologists as the Cromer Forest - bed Formation .
But Richard G. Klein , a paleoanthropologist at Stanford University , said he would like to see a better dated site closer to this age before accepting that early humans ranged so far north .
To prove that humans were present , such a site would ideally contain animal bones bearing the cut marks of stone tools .
“ I know this sets a high bar , and it may be an impractical standard to apply in the context of the Cromer Forest - bed , particularly where it is being exposed by wave erosion , ” he said .
The makers of the flints would have been archaic humans , of a so far unknown species , whose ancestors left Africa at least a million years before the emergence of modern humans about 100,000 years ago .
Archaic humans have been documented in the Mediterranean area at this time , but their presence so far north is unexpected , said Ian Tattersall , an anthropologist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York .
The new find “ does tell us that hominids could tackle boreal forest environments with what seem to be pretty crude tool kits and it confirms they got that far north amazingly early , ” he said .
“ Elements that rely only on mousemove , mouseover , mouseout or the CSS pseudo - class : hover may not always behave as expected on a touch - screen device such as iPad or iPhone . ”
A few days after Steve Jobs announced the release of the iPad , I read that in Apple ’s Reference Library : Preparing Your Web Content for iPad , and started to realize the drastic implications the evolution of multi- touch would have on interaction design .
Anything we design for the web that requires a hover state has an uncertain future and could be subject to serious usability issues .
The Touch - Screen Boom
If you think this is something that can be addressed later , when multi - touch “ catches on ” , consider this : as of June 22 , 2010 Apple has sold 3 million iPads in 80 days , 1.03 million touch screen phones are sold per day , and companies like Dell and HP have been developing & releasing touch interfaces for tablets and laptops for quite a while now .
The Hover Crutch
Hover states are everywhere .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever written a stylesheet or designed a site without putting a significant amount of thought into how they should behave .
As users , we ’ve been conditioned to rely on hovers states to trigger changes in link color , reveal action items , and navigate through multiple tiers of a drop - down menu .
Sliding our mouse pointers across a page to reveal hidden clickable points of action has become an automatic addition to our web browsing skill - set .
As designers , we ’ve turned to hover states to accommodate extra content and allow visual aesthetics to trump usability .
Like it or not , those days are over and the interactions we design are going to have to stand on their own two feet .
I believe that in most cases , the best solution is n’t pursuing alternatives such as multi - touch hovering technology , trying to adapt hover - dependent designs , or transforming your website into an iPad / iPhone application .
Instead of adding scripts , kilobytes , and billable hours to treat symptoms , I think the focus should be on simplicity and bullet - proof user experience design .
In line with Luke Wroblewski ’s statement that we should start designing for the web mobile - first , I propose that we should be designing for Multi - Touch first , and moving forward , we can only afford to add hover states as enhancements only .
Try to Avoid
Hyperlinks that are n’t 100 % obvious
Javascript tooltips that show important information or metadata
Displaying action items on hover .
Examples I ’ve seen typically involve edit / delete items .
Displaying graphics in a less - than - ideal state until hovered : all those semi-opaque or black & white screenshots and photos that only display full color when covered by a cursor
Drop - down menus .
While some of these can be revealed on click or tap , be sure the user has cues that show those options .
Focusing too much on hover dependent CSS3 .
I know it ’s a bit of a heartbreaker , but while these have always been seen as enhancements , we ’re going to have to settle with the fact that multi - touch users wo n’t be seeing our fancy transitions .
How do we adapt ?
More often than not , making adjustments wo n’t be a quick or a simple process .
The more layers of interaction a site has , the more work is going to have to be done to address usability issues .
I ’ve noticed that a few of my favorite sites have already taken a variety of steps to provide some fixes .
Show everything .
Prioritize your content , and if you ’ve been hiding things behind hover states , make room to display them .
The WordPress admin posts screen is a great example of this .
Normally , action items are only visible on hover , but if you login with a touch device the links are always displayed .
Utilize tap to reveal a hover state .
Depending upon the implementation , this can be risky ; Amazon has done fairly well with this method for their category - based shopping navigation .
The paneled list and orange arrows help to make those areas clearly tappable .
Another example can be found in Basecamp ’s edit and delete controls for to - do lists , milestones , and files .
When you hover over one of these the action items appear .
For touch - screens they ’ve built a javascript popup that works fairly well once you ’ve figured it out .
The problem is that users get no cue that tapping the to - do text is even an option , and I ca n’t help but think a solution similar to WordPress would have worked better .
That being said , I ’d happily pay a few extra pennies per month to get a mobile version of Basecamp .
Build specifically for touch - screen devices
and take advantage of native device controls , gestures and popovers .
Touch - screen apps for Twitter and Gowalla play a key role in their overall success and are probably used more than the websites themselves .
I use the Netflix iPad app regularly , but in many cases it feels like a hover - dependent website dropped into an iPad viewport .
Currently , if you ’re browsing instant titles and want to add something to your queue by tapping , you ’re looking at a 3 step series of taps instead of an instant hover reveal option with a point - and - click interface .
If you ’re going to build specifically for touch , you ’ve got to follow through .
Wait for touch hover technology .
I ’m not convinced this would do anyone any good .
It may be exciting to see what Cypress has come up with , and to know that Apple has applied for a patent for a proximity sensing touch - screen , but this does worry me .
I ’d hate to see us revert to our old shortcuts and make user experience sacrifices just because the technology is in place .
Plus , we ’re going to look like a bunch of idiots who are afraid to touch our smart phones & iPads .
On the bright side , Phil Dunphy would love it !
We ’re going to be OK .
Ultimately , I think seeing hover states fade away will make the web a better place .
There never has been any substitute for concise content , clear interaction , and simple design .
If we focus on core elements that make browsing the web great , our sites will function properly no matter how people use them .
Road surfaces can make a big contribution to local air purity .
This conclusion can be drawn from the first test results on a road surface of air - purifying concrete .
This material reduces the concentration of nitrogen oxides ( NO x ) by 25 to 45 per cent , said prof .
Jos Brouwers in a recent inaugural lecture at Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands .
The tests were carried out in the municipality of Hengelo , where the busy Castorweg road was resurfaced last fall .
As part of the project , around 1,000 square meters of the road 's surface were covered with air - purifying concrete paving stones .
For comparison purposes , another area of 1.000 square meters was surfaced with normal paving stones .
Researchers at TU/e carried out three air - purity measurements on the Castorweg last spring , at heights of between a half and one - and - a - half meters .
Over the area paved with air - purifying concrete the NO x content was found to 25 to 45 per cent lower than that over the area paved with normal concrete .
" The air - purifying properties of the new paving stones had already been shown in the laboratory , but these results now show that they also work outdoors , " said prof .
Brouwers .
Further measurements are planned later this year .
Asphalt
Brouwers , who has been professor of building materials in the TU/e Department of Architecture , Building and Planning since September 2009 , sees numerous potential applications , especially at locations where the maximum permitted NO x concentrations are now exceeded .
The concrete stones used in the tests are made by , and co-developed with , paving stone manufacturer Struyk Verwo Infra , and are already available for use .
For roads where an asphalt surface is preferred the air - purifying concrete can be mixed with open asphalt , according to Brouwers .
It can also be used in self - cleaning and air - purifying building walls .
The use of air - purifying concrete does not have a major impact on the cost of a road , Brouwers has calculated .
Although the stones themselves are 50 per cent more expensive than normal concrete stones , the total road - building costs are only ten per cent higher .
Self - cleaning
Vehicle exhaust gases contain nitrogen oxides ( NO x ) , which cause acid rain and smog .
The air ‑purifying concrete contains titanium dioxide , a photocatalytic material that removes the nitrogen oxides from the air and converts them with the aid of sunlight into harmless nitrate .
The nitrate is then rinsed away by rain .
These stones also have another advantage : they break down algae and dirt , so that they always stay clean .
Jos Brouwers , professor of building materials at TU Eindhoven , delivered his inaugural lecture on the afternoon of Friday 2 July .
Susie Bright 's rant about the stupidity of " NSFW " and the ensuing discussion has me wondering about my own use of the tag .
I use it here at Wired to indicate that a link leads to content that I , subjectively , think might get an R - or X - rating if it were a movie .
I especially try to remember to use it when I link an innocuous word like " rant " ( rather than something like " 18 - foot phallus " ) .
I use it mainly to flag links because it 's so easy to skim quickly and auto - click before you remember where you are , and the occasional bold acronym helps you pause .
But I 've never thought about it as censure of any kind .
Or dumbing - down , either .
It 's simply a convenience for you , even though I trust that if you are reading a blog or column about sex - tech , you are as aware as I am that any link you follow might ( if you 're lucky ! ) have something racy at the other end .
As far as I 'm concerned it 's a heads - up that whatever I 'm linking to might be something you 'd rather not have your kid or your boss walk in on .
End of story .
So Susie 's passionate objection to the NSFW flag and all it stands for has me thinking hard , because it 's not something I 'd given much thought to in the past .
Have I been brainwashed ?
Has our editorial policy about such things fallen prey to hysteria and madness ?
Should we just assume that on the internet you can never be sure of what you 're going to get until you get there ( especially considering that content changes , and a charity I linked to six months ago could very well now be a porn site ) , and stop trying to label our links ?
Her piece is great , and much of it familiar , too ( like editors not getting your email because it has " sex " in the body ) .
It 's definitely got me looking at things in a new light .
And here , at the end , I find myself hesitating about publishing this post without flagging the links as NSFW , because when you follow the link and scroll down , you will see some lovely photographs that include bare breasts .
And should I let you know that ahead of time in case Wired is ok wherever you are reading right now but breasts are not ?
I feel like I should .
Which I guess makes me a prejudiced DIY prude with intent to censor and censure even as I link to content .
And that makes me kind of sad .
What do you think ?
I 'll have to follow Wired 's policy on flagging regardless ... but if you had your way , would I drop the NSFW flags or keep 'em ?
AEHI inks deal to market Hyperion ’s mini-reactor 16 June 2010 16 June 2010
Alternate Energy Holdings , Inc. ( AEHI ) has signing of a memorandum of understanding with Hyperion Power Generation , Inc .
The MOU is the beginning of a joint venture between the two companies to license , build and market Hyperion 's small modular nuclear reactors worldwide .
" I am extremely excited and honored to be a partner with Hyperion and its equally impressive 25MWe Hyperion Power Module .
It is one of the most innovative products I 've seen in my 46 years in the nuclear industry , " said Don Gillispie , AEHI CEO and chairman .
" Because of its small size the power plant 's applications are limitless and could fuel a huge variety of important facilities including : hospitals , desalinization plants , emergency facilities , industrial parks , factories , military bases , and even small towns for many years . "
Hyperion ’s CEO John “ Grizz ” Deal suggested that China could be one of the key target markets for its Hyperion Power Module .
" We chose AEHI to assist us in this endeavor because the company is independently operated , [ and ] has unprecedented connections in the international community , especially in China , ” he said .
Last year Hyperion announced that it had received more than 150 purchase commitments for from customers such as mining and telecom companies .
The firm ’s CEO also told NEI in September that the company was planning to set up three manufacturing facilities : one in the USA to support the North and Latin America markets , a second in the UK to be the European hub , and a third in Asia , probably Japan .
Related Articles Three Finnish EIA sites
The flight to Chicago was running late .
Then the co-pilot got sick , forced out of the Boeing 767 cockpit by vicious stomach flulike symptoms .
The captain of American Airlines Flight 1612 checked to see if any off - duty pilots were traveling on the flight from San Francisco to O'Hare International Airport on Monday .
No luck .
But a flight attendant who is also a commercial pilot earned her wings all over again , officials said Tuesday .
The unidentified San Francisco - based flight attendant dutifully abandoned her beverage cart and put on a radio headset , replacing the ill first officer in the right seat of the jumbo jet 's flight deck to help the captain during the landing .
" The flight attendant became the first officer on landing , " American spokeswoman Mary Frances Fagan said .
" The cockpit crew did an outstanding job handling the situation . "
One pilot is fully capable of flying a Boeing 767 .
In fact , the sophisticated plane , equipped with an array of computers , can fly and land by itself .
But there is plenty of work for two pilots to do , especially during a descent to the crowded airspace around Chicago and at touchdown .
During the approach to O'Hare , the flight attendant read checklist procedures to the captain as he configured the aircraft for landing , and she handled other tasks , in addition to providing a second set of eyes in the cockpit , Fagan said .
No announcement was made to the 225 passengers on board about the change of pilots , and the plane landed normally , Fagan said .
The Chicago - based first officer , who vomited repeatedly during the flight , rested in the passenger cabin until the plane was parked at the gate in Chicago .
He was treated by paramedics and taken to a nearby hospital , where he was later released .
He was recuperating at home Tuesday , officials said .
" This was an example of how our flight attendants are able to step up to the plate in an emergency , " said Jeff Pharr , a spokesman for the Association of Professional Flight Attendants .
" We are proud of what they do to keep passengers safe . "
jhilkevitch@tribune.com
A Wharton Volunteer Fire Department captain whose estate is now the subject of a bitter court battle questioning whether his marriage was valid testified in April that he did not know his wife used to be a man , according to a court deposition obtained by the Houston Chronicle .
Thomas Araguz III 's widow said Monday that Araguz intentionally lied when the subject of her sex change surfaced in depositions taken in a child custody case earlier this year .
Nikki Araguz said she also lied in her deposition .
They were hoping to keep joint custody of his two boys , she said .
Nikki Araguz , who was born Justin Graham Purdue , testified she did not recall ever discussing her birth name with her husband .
The depositions were taken in April for a child custody case filed by Thomas Araguz 's ex-wife , who did not want their two young sons around Nikki Araguz , attorneys said .
The court documents are of interest since the fallen firefighter 's parents filed a lawsuit alleging his marriage is void because Nikki Araguz was born a man .
Nikki Araguz , 35 , is temporarily prohibited by a Wharton state district court from spending or collecting any benefits related to her husband 's death while the case remains pending in court .
" That deposition is a lie , " Nikki Araguz said from her Wharton home Monday night .
" At the time , Thomas and I thought it was in the best interest of our children to lie .
They were the center of ( our ) lives , " she said .
Deposition transcript
Thomas Araguz , 30 , died July 4 while fighting a fire at an egg farm near Boling .
He had been married to Nikki Araguz for 20 months when he gave his deposition April 28 .
" Do you know that your wife was formerly a male ? " asked Frank Mann III , a Bellaire attorney representing Thomas Araguz 's ex-wife and the mother of his children , according to the deposition transcript .
" No , " Araguz responded .
" You have no knowledge of that ? "
Mann asked the firefighter .
" I have no knowledge , " Araguz responded .
If their marriage is voided in Texas , all benefits will go to Thomas Araguz 's two sons from his previous marriage , said Chad Ellis , the attorney for Araguz 's mother .
During another part of the inquiry focusing on Nikki Araguz , Mann asked her husband , " Would it surprise you if it said male on her birth certificate ? "
" Yes , " Thomas Araguz responded .
" When did you first tell your husband about the fact that you had that prior name ? "
Mann asked Nikki Araguz during her deposition .
" I do n't recall ever discussing that with him , to be honest with you , " she responded .
In his deposition , Thomas Araguz also said he knew nothing about his wife 's arrest by Wharton police in 2007 for possession of a controlled substance , specifically cocaine , a charge that landed Nikki Araguz deferred adjudication and two years of probation .
Nikki Araguz said Monday her husband did know of the arrest .
Probation completed
Thomas Araguz testified that while he knew his wife had a criminal record , he did not know his wife was on probation earlier this year in Wharton County or that she checked in with a probation officer every month .
Nikki Araguz just completed her probation for the cocaine arrest on July 14 , court records show .
Formerly known as Nikki Paige Purdue , she married Thomas Araguz in Wharton County on Aug. 23 , 2008 .
The couple previously ran the Wharton County Living magazine before it closed earlier this summer .
Before she married Thomas Araguz , Nikki Araguz was married to another man almost 20 years her senior .
Their marriage lasted for eight years before they divorced in 2007 .
peggy.ohare@chron.com
It ’s happened : the Anti-Defamation League has overplayed its hand ( in this case , neoconservative Islamophobia ) in such a glaring manner that it is being condemned at every quarter– a statement from the group opposing the construction of a mosque near Ground Zero in New York .
The statement openly abandons civil rights , standing for no principle at all except majoritarian intolerance :
Proponents of the Islamic Center may have every right to build at this site , and may even have chosen the site to send a positive message about Islam .
The bigotry some have expressed in attacking them is unfair , and wrong .
But ultimately this is not a question of rights , but a question of what is right .
In our judgment , building an Islamic Center in the shadow of the World Trade Center will cause some victims more pain – unnecessarily – and that is not right .
MJ Rosenberg says that ADL has joined the bigots .
Joshua Holland at AlterNet : " I guess the once - important ADL is admitting that it ’s an organization dedicated not to combatting hatred and bigotry , but simply another organ pushing far - right , Islamophobic conspiracy theories . "
Krugman at the Times has also landed on the ADL : " One thing I thought Jews were supposed to understand is that they need to be advocates of universal rights , not just rights for their particular group . "
The Economist blog nails it :
IN LIGHT of the Anti-Defamation League ’s recent statement opposing the construction of an Islamic centre near Ground Zero , they ought to no longer claim that their organisation fights " all forms of bigotry , defends democratic ideals and supports civil rights for all . "
More accurate would be saying that the ADL fights some forms of bigotry , defends democratic ideals except when it comes to Muslim Americans exercising their right to worship , and supports civil rights for all except when such support would bother some people .
Read that statement and tell me if you ’ve ever seen anything so lily - livered and equivocating
The Council on American - Islamic Relations has called on ADL to retract the statement :
" It is shocking that a group claiming to seek ‘ justice and fair treatment for all ’ would side with those engaged in one of the most egregious Islamophobic smear campaigns in recent memory , " said CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad .
" We ask the ADL to reconsider and retract this ill - considered and divisive statement .
With its shameful statement , the ADL is exploiting and fueling the rising level of anti-Islam sentiment in our society . "
Awad urged ADL members to contact the Jewish group ’s leaders to express their opposition to the statement against the Islamic community center .
Alex Pareene at Salon :
Opposition to the Cordoba House was limited , initially , to right - wing populist kooks like the editorial board of the New York Post , and their rage - columnist Andrew Peyser .
Then it went national , as people who know damn well what they ’re doing stoked ethnic resentments and encouraged plenty of otherwise decent people to give in to base fears of scary Arabs who want to kill you , all of you , because that is their nature .
Remember that Brian Lehrer , the progressive talk show host at WNYC , licensed this sort of intolerance with his show on which he grilled the wife of the mosque ’s imam for her views re Israel .
Note too that the Krugman places the discussion in a very Jewish context .
His headline is " Bad for the Jews " and he concludes " We ca n’t afford to live in a tribal world . "
But he has also declared at the start , " Outside my usual beat , " which is a lame effort to rationalize his abdication on an issue that could hurt his reputation , Israel / Palestine , which is truly important tribal politics that is hurting the U.S. and which he is just as implicated as he obviously feels himself to be by the ADL ’s grotesque statement .
I used to think removing special cases – the extra if statement that handles the unusual file format that does n’t quite fit – was the best way to improve my programming .
Every time I had to add a special case to a function it meant I was n’t solving the problem generally enough .
In a way , which I ’ll come to in a moment , this was ok .
In a much more important way , it was really - and - I - mean - shoot - yourself - in - the - foot - and - throw - the - remains - into - a - vat - of - industrial - strength - paint - stripper stupidly wrong .
What made it right was my innocence – back when I knew nothing about programming ( i.e. when I thought I knew everything ) longer - lived programs started accruing odd if - statements and shoe - horned additional functionality all over the place until they were an ugly , barnacled mess of additions and changes that I did n’t understand and could n’t work with any more .
Every time I promised myself that next time I ’d resist the temptation to add just one little exception and instead refactor to a more general level right away and everything would be clean and smooth and regular and easy to work with forever .
I guess lots of people have reached the same conclusion , because I notice examples of the unsaid assumption that Special Cases Are Harmful a lot .
Today , I ’m taking a stand : adding special cases – making exceptions – is the single most important thing we can do .
It ’s All Fun And Games Until Someone Loses An AbstractEyeMonsterFactoryFactory Class
I wrote lots of little games when I was learning to program and I ’m guessing you did , too .
I made them because I wanted to play them , and that meant I tried to generate levels and enemies randomly in the hope that my own game could surprise me .
I did n’t want to add special code for boss monsters or for each level – that would defeat the point .
Every level had to run the same code , just with different data .
No special cases , remember ?
Well , all of my games sucked .
Sometimes the mechanics were fun enough , but after a couple of levels the game just got boring .
Algorithmically - generated enemies and levels simply were n’t interesting , because after a while the patterns became obvious and then there was no reason to keep exploring deeper into the game ; one level was much the same as any other .
I ’m sure this is stupidly clear to anyone who actually designs games for a living or works in the industry , but it was a revelation to me that the most interesting and valuable parts of a game are the parts that show a human touch , where I could feel the presence of a real person who put some thought into the experience .
While ‘ special cases ’ looked like cruft at the level of an individual algorithm , they turn out to be the essential , core content and personality at the user - facing level .
I ’d been systematically stripping my work of any personal , human touch whatsoever .
But , seriously
In real applications , whether games or business sites , special cases add a massively disproportionate amount of value .
Posterous know this – they ’re laboriously and painstakingly adding beautiful import functionality from each of the other major blogging platforms .
Each one is a special case , they did n’t restrict themselves to one common ‘ import blog ’ feature that scans a page and does its best to rip the text , formatting and images – no , they give users from each of the major platforms special , individual treatment .
Google were the first to do this in a big way in search : how cool is it when Google converts a currency right there are the top of the page ?
Or shows the weather forecast ?
Or the cinema listings ?
Each of these are laboriously hand - coded special cases .
I once met a guy at Google whose full - time job was working on showing sports results at the top of mobile search queries .
That ’s dedication to the special case .
There ’s a couple of reasons why looking at special cases are often better than adhering doggedly to an increasingly complex general case :
Special cases are solvable .
We can be very , very clever when we ’re only handling a small , discrete part of a problem .
The general ‘ show the most relevant information to a search query in an immediately readable and usable way ’ is so hard it ’s still unsolved despite decades of attempts .
Just look at Wolfram Alpha .
In comparison , pulling up the current forecast for queries containing a local word for ‘ weather ’ is almost trivial .
The results are better .
The general ‘ import blog ’ problem is hard to get exactly right , but we can write code to import just wordpress blogs perfectly because the problem domain is both smaller and better defined .
Whatever we think about solving the general case is almost certainly wrong until we ’ve solved a few special cases first .
The real world is not a well - defined problem ; special cases help us explore the problem space .
I ’m tired of hearing that ‘ if you solve a problem right , you only have to solve it once ’ .
Yes , this is fine in theory , but is completely bonkers when applied to the changable , unpredictable real world .
If we try then most of the time we :
Never find a perfect ‘ general ’ solution for all cases , or Find one but spend so much time and effort on it that we neglect a million other important things , or Get ‘ close enough ’ and just stop , which means a solution that ’s imperfect in most cases , and by ‘ imperfect in most cases ’
I mean ‘ that makes most people slightly unhappy ’ .
Look After The Pennies And The Pounds Will Look After Themselves
You know what ?
When we try so hard to make each special case just right , general cases will start to fall out naturally .
This is the right way around .
The other way , hypothesizing a general case and enforcing it onto everyone , that is the wrong way .
Look after the special cases and the general case will look after itself ( well , unless you ’re unusually incompetent )
— Mark , Make Exceptions
Adding super - slick handling for a few common cases is such ridiculously low - hanging fruit that I can’t believe so many companies miss the opportunity .
I think it ’s this pattern of reasoning we learn when we begin programming – this desire to avoid messy details and refactor to a more general level that handles all those cases implicitly .
It turns out that this simply does n’t apply well to product design and , if we want anyone to use the programs we ’re writing , we should always be thinking about product design .
So yes : we can make exceptions for people and go out of our way to make them smile .
People are trying to accomplish real tasks with our applications , our websites , our businesses .
We have to keep looking out for next special case we can handle that makes just one of those tasks improbably and awesomely simple .
Software ’s not about ticking the most feature boxes with the fewest function calls , it ’s about making someone ’s day .
Note : Yield Thought has moved to http://yieldthought.com – check there for the latest posts !
Two ISPs have won their court battle against an anti-piracy group which had demanded that they block subscriber access to The Pirate Bay .
Yesterday a judge at the Antwerp Commercial Court rejected the blocking demands and labeled them " disproportionate " .
The Belgian Anti-Piracy Federation has reacted angrily , accusing the ISPs of siding with The Pirate Bay .
Faced with a huge BitTorrent site that simply refuses to comply , give in , or die , anti-piracy groups have been trying other methods to take The Pirate Bay offline .
With 2009 ’s “ guilty ” verdict in hand , a common theme in recent times has been to put pressure on ISPs to block the site , but most are refusing to comply .
Similar negotiations have been going on in Belgium between two ISPs , Belgacom and Telenet , and the Belgian Anti-Piracy Foundation ( BAF ) for some time now , but reached deadlock .
“ There should be an efficient and quick procedure to be able to act fast against illegal foreign sites .
We ’ve tried negotiating with the internet providers for over a year , but to no avail , ” said BAF ’s Christophe Van Mechelen .
“ A list of illegal foreign sites was also sent to the public prosecutor ’s office , but was classified without result . ”
Inevitably the negotiations with the ISPs transformed into legal action and this week a court was left with a decision – should it officially order the service providers to block the world ’s most resilient BitTorrent site ?
For the Belgian Anti-Piracy Foundation ( BAF ) the outcome was bad news .
Yesterday the Antwerp Commercial Court refused to order ISPs Belgacom and Telenet to make the The Pirate Bay inaccessible to their subscribers and labeled such a blocking requirement as “ disproportionate ” .
BAF reacted angrily against the ISPs , stating that by taking the side of The Pirate Bay they had effectively given protection to “ an illegal site ” .
The ISPs , however , said that the decision to block websites is not theirs to make .
“ It is not the role of Telenet to decide which sites should be available or not to our users , ” said a spokeswoman for the ISP .
“ As a service provider , this is not within our competence . ”
Belgacom also defended its stance in a comment .
“ The judge considered that immediate action to block this site was not necessary and that BAF ’s application was disproportionate to the offense , especially since the site has existed for several years and that the request comes only now . ”
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
After the Chicago Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup for the first time in 49 years in riveting fashion on Wednesday , and with the Lakers - Celtics series wrapping up soon in the NBA Finals , soccer ’s World Cup tournament that begins Friday in South Africa will be the focus of the sporting world for the next month .
Israelis are known as rabid soccer fans , even though the country ’s national team has only made the tournament once – in 1970 – and even then scored only one goal .
Headlines here that have been dominated recently by sanctions on Iran and the Gaza flotilla are now expected to be devoted to conflicts on the playing field .
But as Israelis , when times are as tough for the Jewish state internationally as they are now , which of the 32 teams that made the tournament can you support ?
First of all , in this semi-satirical overview , the good news :
The Turks , whose Islamic fundamentalist wannabe martyrs tried to kill Israeli soldiers aboard thelast Monday , did not make the tournament .
The sanctimonious Swedes and Norwegians thankfully wo n’t be there , either .
Since it ’s easier to decide who to root against than whom to cheer , let ’s start with the teams that no self - respecting Israeli can support .
Brazil , in cooperation with the Turks , initiated a proposal that could have facilitated the nuclearization of Iran , voted with the Turks against Wednesday ’s UN sanctions , and recently treated visiting Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad like a king .
Five Israelis were attacked in Madrid on Monday , and Israeli gays were told to stay away from the city ’s gay pride parade .
So , no support for Spain .
South Korea downgraded this week ’s visit to the country by President Shimon Peres , and the protests against him were particularly nasty – so it ’s out , too .
Israelis wo n’t be cheering for North Korea , which built a Syrian nuclear facility , or Algeria , for obvious reasons .
Germany remains Iran ’s largest - trading partner , and a massive 20 - billion - euro Swiss gas deal with Iran should prevent Israelis from backing Switzerland , which hosts the notoriously anti-Israel UN Human Rights Council .
There are many reasons not to root for England ; from its attempt to prosecute opposition leader Tzipi Livni , its deputy prime minister ’s support for banning weapons sales to Israel , it being the home of Israel boycotter Elvis Costello , and its recent expulsion of a Mossad official due to his alleged role in facilitating the use of British passports to kill a mega - terrorist .
Australia also expelled a Mossad official for the same reason .
Nearby New Zealand suspended high - level relations with Israel after the Mossad allegedly misused its passports in 2004 , and last month outlawed kosher ritual slaughtering of animals .
Honduras has a large Palestinian population .
Paraguay sheltered many Nazis , including Joseph Mengele , after the Holocaust .
The Ivory Coast is 60 % Muslim .
France , Japan , Portugal and Greece are known for outbreaks of anti-Semitism , and – a genuine soccer - related grievance – the Greek team finished ahead of Israel ’s in their qualifying group , ending Israel ’s World Cup hopes .
Some Israelis will never forgive the Uruguayan team for defeating Israel ’s World Cup team 40 years ago .
In the aftermath of the flotilla raid , South Africa recalled its ambassador to Israel for consultations , so any Israeli who considered backing the home team of Human Rights Council Gaza report author Richard Goldstone will hold back .
Besides South Africa , World Cup countries that voted for the council ’s decision to authorize a probe of the raid included Argentina ( whose coach Diego Maradona has made anti-Israel statements ) , Brazil , Chile , Ghana , Mexico , Nigeria , Slovenia and Uruguay , so Israelis cannot support their teams , either .
But the real test of friendship with Israel was the Human Rights Council ’s vote to endorse the Goldstone commission report .
Six of those same countries voted against Israel , with Mexico , Slovenia and Uruguay abstaining , along with World Cup teams Cameroon , Japan and South Korea .
France and the UK declined to vote .
Slovakia voted against the Goldstone report , but abstained on the flotilla vote .
The only World Cup countries that voted in Israel ’s favor on both key issues were the United States , Italy and the Netherlands .
The Dutch government elected this week is expected to be more pro-Israel than its predecessor , just like the Italian government is .
But Italian president Silvio Berlusconi compared Gazans to Holocaust victims on a recent trip to Ramallah .
So that leaves the United States and the Netherlands , and Denmark and Serbia , which are not on the council and protected their Jews duringthe Holocaust , as possible countries to support .
Given Serbia ’s dubioushuman rights record and ties to Iran , that leaves just three .
Still , Israel Radio analyst Hanan Crystal , who is an expert on bothIsraeli politics and soccer , said the days of Israelis deciding whatteam to support based on the geopolitical situation are long gone .
Hesaid Israelis once backed France when it was the Jewish state ’s mainbenefactor , and rooted for Western European teams against EasternEuropean team during the Cold War , but it does n’t work that way anymore .
“ Israelis root for a variety of teams for many reasons , and politics isno longer one of them , ” Crystal said .
“ I think that means we havematured . ”
Thousands of Brisbanites have opened a new bridge in an unothodox fashion , with a concert featuring some of Australia 's best musical talent as well as one of the great names of the Brisbane music scene .
Such an opening is hardly surprising considering it is named after one of the Brisbane 's seminal bands , the Go-Betweens .
The Go Between Bridge , which joins Brisbane 's CBD to West End , is set to open to traffic on July 5 , but last night was the scene of a one - off concert .
As the sun set over the Brisbane River , artists including Josh Pyke , Bob Evans , Angus and Julia Stone as well locals Yves Klein Blue and The John Steel Singers took to the stage .
Each of the artists played a Go-Betweens song in their set , before Robert Forster , one half of the creative duo , took to the stage belting out solo numbers as well as Go-Between classics like Streets of Our Town .
Forster told Triple J having a bridge named after his band was a surreal and unexpected honour .
" It was thrilling , but also proud , it 's slightly surreal having a bridge named after a group because when you start a band you think about certain things you might get :
A gold record , or playing in some fantastic venue or those type of things , but something like having a bridge named after you is not one of things that comes to mind , " he said .
Forster and Grant McLennan , who died in 2006 , formed the Go-Betweens in Brisbane in the late 1970s .
It was a time when the music and arts scene came up against fierce opposition from the police and the state government .
While the band never achieved huge commercial success , they are widely recognised as one of Australia 's great modern bands .
Forster said the concert showed how far Brisbane had come as a city since the Go-Betweens first began performing in the late 1970s .
" Politically for some reason the Queensland Police force thought 300 punk rockers were going to overthow the Queensland government , " he said ,
" And so there were very strong police actions against students , punk rock and bands in general because it was just sort of seen as this far greater threat than it actually was .
" At the time the Bjelke - Petersen government was basically a lot more interested in things other than the arts or music or infrastructure for things that young people could do .
" They were more interested in mining , real estate and bags of cash being sort of snuck under desks , than they were in what the people wanted or what the people needed in terms of music or the arts in general .
" So it was a dark time .
It was a time when there was no encouragement for anyone that wanted to do anything creative , basically you had your friends , you had your band , you had places that you could find to play and that was about it . "
But despite this Forster remains a loyal Brisbane resident .
In another sign of the changed face of Brisbane , Lord Mayor Campbell Newman approved wholeheartedly of the name for the bridge which was selected in a public vote .
" The band produced music that just absolutely lives and breathes Brisbane , " he said .
The Go Between Bridge will host a community market next Sunday before opening to traffic early the following week .
This release is available in Spanish .
ANN ARBOR , Mich . - A recent retrospective study by four Michigan physicians shows strong evidence that symptoms of headache , dizziness and anxiety in some patients with traumatic brain injury potentially could be alleviated or even eliminated with specialized eyeglass lenses containing prisms .
The paper was published in the April 2010 issue of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation .
The investigators included doctors from three southeast Michigan hospitals and one in private practice , and involved 43 patients with TBI .
" This represents a new approach to the treatment of post - concussive symptoms , " says Mark S. Rosner , M.D. , adjunct clinical instructor in the Department of Emergency Medicine at the University of Michigan Medical School and Emergency Department staff physician at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital in Ann Arbor .
" Vision was known to be affected by TBI , but now it appears that the vision abnormalities caused by the TBI are causing the other post - concussive symptoms . "
The study suggests that TBI appears to be causing visual image misalignment - or vertical heterophoria .
To correct this misalignment and prevent double vision , the eye muscles are utilized to force the eyes back into proper alignment .
This causes the eye muscles to become overworked , strained and fatigued , which accounts for many post - concussive symptoms , including headaches , dizziness , anxiety and neck pain .
The use of prismatic eyeglass lenses to realign the images and reduce or eliminate eye muscle overwork led to a 71.8 percent reduction of patient 's symptoms .
TBI affects 15 to 20 percent of our servicemen and women returning from Iraq and Afghanistan - caused mostly by explosions - and approximately 2 million people per year in the U.S. - caused mostly by falls , auto accidents and sports injuries .
Approximately 10 to 25 percent of patients with TBI still have significant post - concussive symptoms one year after their injury .
" Treatment involves a multifaceted approach , including physical therapy , occupational therapy and multiple medications , and can take years to complete , " says Jennifer E. Doble , M.D. , a physiatrist at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital , Ann Arbor .
" Prismatic lens treatment seems to allow the other therapies to be effective more quickly .
And as a result , patients get better quicker , reducing the time and cost of caring for this patient population . "
The first patient with TBI was recognized as having vertical heterophoria in 2005 by two of the study co-authors - Doble , a TBI rehabilitation specialist - and Debby L. Feinberg , O.D. , an optometrist at Vision Specialists of Birmingham , Birmingham , Mich .
The overlap of TBI and vertical heterophoria symptoms was significant : headaches , neck ache , upper back pain , dizziness , nausea , anxiety and reading difficulties .
To date , no single unifying cause of TBI symptoms had been identified .
Doble initially saw patients with TBI .
When vertical heterophoria was suspected , they were then referred to Feinberg for further evaluation .
" A retrospective analysis of the data from these patients was performed , and 43 patients were diagnosed with vertical heterophoria and included in the study , " says Feinberg .
" These patients had persistent post - concussive symptoms despite receiving standard treatments and medications for an average of 3.5 years . "
A diagnostic and therapeutic process developed by Feinberg was used to identify and treat vertical heterophoria .
Prism lenses were added to the patient 's baseline prescription , which resulted in a 71.8 percent reduction of symptoms in an average of 3.5 months .
" Our study concluded that in this group of patients who developed post - concussive symptoms and vertical heterophoria symptoms because of their TBI , malfunctioning of the binocular visual system was found to be a single common factor shared by all patients , " says Arthur J. Rosner , M.D. , an otolaryngologist at the Department of Otolaryngology , William Beaumont Hospital , Troy , Mich .
" Treatment of the vertical heterophoria with prismatic eyeglass lenses was found to be effective in reducing symptoms associated with both TBI and vertical heterophoria . "
###
The physicians who contributed to this study were Mark Rosner , Doble , Feinberg and Arthur Rosner .
PM&R paper : http://www.pmrjournal.org/article/S1934-1482(10)00030-4/abstract
Funding source : self - funded .
Patents / conflicts : none
Journal reference : Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation , 10.1016/j.pmrj.2010.01.011
The St. Joseph Mercy Health System , Ann Arbor , Mich. , has also distributed this press release .
About Vertical Heterophoria
Vertical heterophoria is a binocular vision condition that causes symptoms ( headaches , dizziness , anxiety , nausea , neck pain and reading difficulties ) that are common to many other medical conditions .
It was first identified in the 1880s by ophthalmologist George T. Stevens , M.D. An optometrist , Raymond Roy , O.D , did further work on this condition in the 1950s and 1960s .
However , the condition remains relatively unknown today because difficulties in measuring the amount of prism needed to correct the vertical misalignment hindered work in this field .
Feinberg and Arthur Rosner recognized this condition in 1995 in patients who were suffering from dizziness unrelated to TBI .
Treatment of over 4000 vertical heterophoria patients and 750 patients with TBI and VH since then by Feinberg has led to the advances in the diagnosis and treatment that has propelled this research forward .
More information about VH is available at http://www. VSofB. com or by contacting Feinberg 's office at 248-258-9000 .
The origins of this VH research
Arthur Rosner had symptoms of vertical heterophoria as a young man and was treated in 1985 by Feinberg .
( She later became his sister - in - law . )
As an ENT physician , Rosner saw patients with complaints of headaches , dizziness , anxiety , neck pain and difficulty with balance and coordination whose symptoms were not caused by inner ear / vestibular system abnormalities .
He began to notice a pattern that seemed to have a visual cause , so he started to refer these patients to their eye doctors .
But they all returned to him , telling him that nothing wrong was found .
In 1995 he began referring them to Feinberg , who was able to help them .
Together , they began developing a questionnaire to aid in the diagnosis of this condition , and Feinberg refined her diagnostic and therapeutic techniques .
Doble became aware of vertical heterophoria in 2005 when one of her TBI patients improved significantly after being treated by Feinberg .
After meeting with Feinberg to learn more about VH , she recognized that many of her patients had VH symptoms that could be treated with prismatic lenses .
Mark Rosner ( who is the brother of Arthur Rosner and married to Feinberg ) became involved in 2007 .
He is the principle investigator and lead writer for the study , and he has taken the lead in elucidating the visual optics and physiology / pathophysiology of vertical heterophoria , resulting in the discovery of a new ocular posture ( vertical transphoria ) and a new ocular movement ( compensatory vertical divergence ) .
The freelancer 's worst fear : underestimating the scale of a project , setting the deadline too soon and having to deal with angry clients .
This is a scenario most of us have faced and many still continue to face as a result , but what can you do to change that ?
Rules for Setting Realistic Deadlines
Many web designers and developers tend to make a key mistake when setting deadlines : they underestimate the amount of time or work involved .
The trick is to keep things as realistic as possible , and to consider all factors that may slow your workflow down , including :
Lack of interest in the project
Unexpected client demands ( or the dreaded infinite revision syndrome [ IDS ] )
Personal or side projects that take up too much time
Prior engagements , family issues or illness
As a rule of thumb I usually multiply the amount of time I think it will take me to complete a project by 1.5 - this provides some cushion for whatever inevitable hurdles you 're bound to face .
For example , if you think a project will take 2 weeks to complete , give your client an estimate of 3 weeks instead ( 2 x 1.5 ) .
Or if it will probably take 1 month , give yourself 1.5 months to complete .
As long as your client is okay with it , you have nothing to lose by setting an extended deadline - it is in no way cheating the client of their time .
If you finish in the original time frame , the client walks away happy as they 've received their work early .
The 1.5 rule is probably a bit too much for long term projects ( anything over 6 months ) , however the point to take home is that you should always give yourself some cushioning time .
Maintaining Your Schedule
If you 're a full - time freelancer working from home , maintaining your schedule and meeting deadlines can be a very difficult task .
There are endless distractions when working at home , everything from family to the freedom of being able to work as you please can become an issue .
Here are some techniques to deal with keeping to your schedule in these circumstances :
1. Separate Work and Play
Keep your work and leisure activities separate - and yes , that means no TV while doing client work .
If at all possible , try to isolate yourself from distractions during work hours .
Whether it's in your room , the office or even the basement , find a place where you wo n't be disturbed and you can devote all of your attention to the task at hand .
Avoid working for long stretches at a time and take breaks often , it can help to keep your mind fresh and reduce the chances of burning out .
There are also a lot of tools to help you focus and increase productivity that are worth checking out .
2. Set Tasks and Milestones
While you may only have one official deadline for your client , set multiple milestones ( mini - deadlines ) along the way to make sure you are keeping pace with your schedule .
Milestones can be small tasks and in my opinion , the more frequently you set them the better , as they quantify your work in a very visual way .
Usually I set 2 - 3 milestones a week , each with multiple tasks that are required to complete that specific milestone .
I also have a To - do list that I try to keep updated on a daily basis that helps me reach these milestones .
3. Communicate with Your Client on a Regular Basis
Keep in constant contact with your client .
Update them about completed tasks and milestones , touch base with them about the overall progress or just e-mail them to learn more about the project you 're working on .
All of this will help you maintain your schedule and , more importantly , keep your interest / focus on the project itself .
One drawback of freelancing on the web is that we tend to dehumanize the people we work with - opening a clear channel of communication can help rid of this feeling and make you feel personally responsible for the success ( or failure ) of their project .
4. Use Project Management Apps and Other Productivity Tools
There are a ton of great online tools you can use to help manage your freelance business .
Take a look at the list of 20 web apps that I recommend for freelancing - in it you 'll find apps to help you manage your project , handle invoicing and deal with customer care .
The more organized your workflow is , the more efficient you become and as a result , the more likely you are to keep your deadlines .
5. Learn to Say " No "
You know your own skills and capabilities - do not take on more than you can handle at once .
Too many projects at once means sub -par work and missed deadlines , two things that can make a project even longer and more painstakingly difficult ( revision after revision , etc. ) .
Keep things simple and learn to say " no " to clients when you have enough work to keep you busy without overwhelming yourself .
How to Handle a Missed Deadline
When you 're in the business of freelancing , you 're bound to miss a deadline or two ( hopefully not more ) .
In most cases this usually is n't too big of a deal , however you should always take the following steps in case you do miss a deadline :
1. Immediately Notify the Client
Give them an honest excuse / reason as to why you 're late and how you 're going to solve this problem .
Provide them with a new deadline , what you plan to do in this new time frame and why you wo n't miss it .
This may sound like too much but dealing with the situation professionally can turn a bad situation into a good one .
An apology now may help get you a client referral later , so always try to maintain courtesy and provide the best customer service you possibly can .
2. Identify the Problem
Figure out what you did wrong and how you 're going resolve it .
Did you miss the deadline because of personal issues ?
Was the client too demanding or did they change their requirements half - way through ?
Find out what went wrong and create a plan of action on how to fix it .
3. Prevent Future Mishaps
Learn from your mistakes and try to prevent them from happening in the future .
This is a bit more common sense than anything else , however many people find themselves making the same mistakes and missing deadline after deadline .
If you find yourself in that loop , make a conscious effort to identify and fix the problems , then learn how to avoid them in the future .
Conclusion
Meeting deadlines should n't be a burden , rather it should be a consequence of good work ethics and proper project management .
Give yourself enough time , do n't take on more than you can handle and organize yourself - these are the keys to making deadlines and ultimately keeping clients happy .
Parting Questions :
Have you missed a deadline recently ?
Did you do anything to correct the situation ?
What could / should you have done differently ?
Post your suggestions and feedback in the comments .
And as always , please consider subscribing to the RSS feed and following us on Twitter .
Image caption Floods after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 left the city of New Orleans in chaos
Six New Orleans police officers have been charged in connection with the fatal shooting of civilians on a bridge in the days after Hurricane Katrina .
Four officers are alleged to have opened fire on unarmed people on the city 's Danziger Bridge .
Two died and four were hurt in the 2005 incident .
Two supervisors are accused of joining the four officers in attempting a cover - up in subsequent investigations .
The six accused have so far not responded to the charges .
According to the US justice department indictment , police officers Kenneth Bowen , Robert Gisevius , Robert Faulcon and Anthony Villavaso opened fire on a family on the east side of the bridge on 4 September 2005 , killing a 17 - year - old boy and injuring three other people .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eric Holder : " Justice Department will vigorously pursue anyone who allegedly violated the law "
Minutes later , officers were involved in a second shooting on the west side of the bridge , resulting in the death of Ronald Madison , a 40 - year - old man with learning difficulties , the indictment says .
If convicted over the deaths of civilians , the four could face the death penalty .
They also face charges related to a conspiracy to cover up what happened on the bridge and a conspiracy to file charges against two of those injured in the incident , claiming that they had fired at police .
Sgts Arthur Kaufman and Gerard Dugue are accused alongside the four officers with trying to cover up what happened .
US Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement : " As our investigation of the Danziger bridge incident shows , the Justice Department will vigorously pursue anyone who allegedly violated the law .
" Put simply , we will not tolerate wrongdoing by those who have sworn to protect the public . "
Five former New Orleans police officers have already pleaded guilty to helping cover up the shootings on the bridge .
Lawlessness
The incident came in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , as the authorities vowed to restore security in the city following a breakdown of law and order .
Four days before the shooting , New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin had ordered 1,500 police officers to leave search - and - rescue missions and return to the streets of the city as looting was turning increasingly hostile .
Hurricane Katrina
Hit south of New Orleans on 29 August 2005
Wind speed 200 km per hour
Affected Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama
Total death toll : 1,800 plus
80 % of New Orleans flooded The chaos of post - Katrina New Orleans
Extra National
Guard units were also brought in to tackle the lawlessness , with reports of shootings , carjackings , rapes and attacks on police officers .
However , some officers from a police department with a history of corruption turned to crime themselves .
The Danziger Bridge case is one of several incidents of alleged misconduct of New Orleans police in the aftermath of the storm .
Last month , five officers were charged in the shooting death of a 31 - year - old man .
Dozens of officers were fired or suspended for abandoning their posts during the crisis .
The New Orleans ' new mayor has since replaced the head of police and called in a team from the Justice Department to overhaul the city 's police department .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When it comes to enraging liberals , few Republicans in Washington can compete with Rep. Michele Bachmann .
Since grabbing headlines in 2008 for calling then - candidate Obama “ very anti-American , ” the three - term Minnesota congresswoman has transformed herself from a back - bench newbie into Washington ’s official ambassador to the tea party masses .
She ’s denounced the AmeriCorps public service program as “ re-education camps for young people , ” called upon Americans “ to slit our wrists ” to stop the health care bill , and declared that Democratic rule had turned the US into “ a nation of slaves ” — an unending stream of outrageous soundbytes that have turned her into a political lightning rod , perhaps rivaled only by Sarah Palin .
But while Bachmann ’s telegenic rabble - rousing has turned her into an icon of the conservative base , it ’s also placed her squarely in the Democratic Party ’s sights .
Having squeaked by her last election by only 3 points , Bachmann is now facing Democratic state senator Tarryl Clark in what ’s already become one of the most expensive House races in the country .
Bachmann , supported by grassroots conservatives , has already raised an eye - popping $ 4.1 million as of June 30 — and she hauled in $ 1.7 million in the last quarter alone , more than any other House member during that period .
But her status as a controversy magnet has also benefitted her opponent .
Clark ’s campaign is trying to make the most of Bachmann ’s intemperate remarks in its fundraising appeals , sending email blasts after her most outrageous remarks to the media and even creating a website called “ Michele Bachmann Said WHAT ? ! ”
Clark has now banked some $ 2 million with the backing of Democratic allies and activists bent on knocking out the “ Tea Party Prom Queen . ”
But while Bachmann ’s reputation as a far - right flamethrower has helped jump - start the opposition , Democrats admit that it ’s not a message that ’s ultimately going to help Clark prevail with voters in the 6th district .
A heavily Christian , working - class enclave that ’s often referred to as “ Minnesota ’s Bible Belt , ” the district still favors Bachmann by 9 points , with outsized support from male and young voters .
“ The fact that she says things that are outrageous or worse , and the argument that she ’s too conservative for the district does n’t really resonate with folks — at least it did n’t in the last two election cycles , ” says Zach Rodvold , Clark ’s campaign manager .
In 2008 , for instance , after Bachmann called Obama “ very anti-American , ” her Democratic opponent , El Tinklenberg , received a sudden influx of campaign cash , but he ultimately failed to persuade voters to support him in the final stretch because of her inflammatory rhetoric .
Rather than calling Bachmann out for being an ideological extremist , the Clark campaign is now trying another tack — painting her as a national media celebrity who has disregarded the everyday concerns of voters in her district .
“ There ’s an old Minnesota joke about a pastor whose congregation gave him a lapel pin to celebrate his humility .
Then he wore it one day , so they took it back , ” says Scott Cottington , a Minnesota - based Republican consultant .
“ Minnesotans are quiet people generally … and Clark seems to be trying to portray Bachmann as out of touch , gone Hollywood . ”
Stretching from the Catholic outpost of St. Cloud to the working - class exurbs of the Twin Cities , the district leans conservative — but also has a heavy independent , populist - tinged streak .
The district backed Senator Amy Klobuchar , a stalwart Democrat , the same year that it voted Bachmann into office ; a decade after supporting independent Jesse “ The Body ” Ventura for governor , voters went for John McCain by nine points .
“ We ’re a bipolar state , a populist state , ” says Nancy Larson , a veteran Minnesota Democratic Party activist .
“ We like characters on both sides . ”
A 48 - year - old mother of two who was raised in Arizona , Clark is a former lobbyist on family and children ’s issues and a key Democratic player in the state before she entered the state Senate in 2005 .
Energetic , poised , and personable , she won over her colleagues and ascended quickly to become assistant majority leader .
Clark describes herself as moderate and touts the fact that she comes from a Republican family ; she even voted for Ronald Reagan — twice .
But her pro-choice stance also places her to the left of previous Democratic challengers to Bachmann .
And her criticism of the national Democrats echoes the populist left , slamming the bank bailouts and poor regulation of oil companies like BP .
Casting herself as an economic populist , Clark has tried to focus on local issues in hopes of drawing a contrast with her opponent ’s love of the spotlight and the tea party speaking circuit .
But when asked about Bachmann ’s most egregious misdeeds , Clark tends to veer clear of her opponent ’s most inflammatory statements , saying that she prefers to focus on “ bread - and - butter stuff . ”
She points out , for instance , that Bachmann refused to support federal funding to rehabilitate a deteriorating bridge in St. Cloud — only to show up for the ribbon - cutting ceremony a year later after the repairs were finished .
“ She opposes transit and rail , and fought a train that goes up to my end of the district … then comes to grab a headline , ” says Clark .
Digs on transportation infrastructure may not have the same visceral impact as “ nation of slaves . ”
But Clark is hoping her focus on more immediate concerns — like bringing home the bacon — will take hold in the recession - battered district , which has the highest foreclosure rate in the state .
The approach is partly reminiscent of the unexpected primary challenge to Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Tx. ) , another tea party favorite who was criticized for being more concerned with his national profile than his constituents during his primary race .
Clark has alleged that Bachmann ’s media and speaking schedule have caused her to miss more votes than any other member of the Minnesota delegation — and that she ’s yet to pass a single significant piece of legislation .
“ She ’s certainly trying to make this a national race , ” says Clark .
“ But the race is in the 6th district , and she ’s running around the country to far - right wing conventions , ” Clark says .
Bachmann has begun to show signs that she is n’t taking her re-election entirely for granted .
In between her headlining appearances for the Western Conservative Summit and Concerned Women for America , she ’s begun to hit the trail back home with town hall meetings and parade appearances .
“ I ’m home in my district every weekend — at some point — being with and talking to people in my district , ” Bachmann told Mother Jones , shortly after a press conference for her newly created Tea Party Caucus , which began meeting in the House last week .
And the congresswoman insists that her ambassadorship to the anti-government movement has the blessing of voters back home .
“ People in my district are extremely grateful for the work that I ’ve done here to represent their voice … that I ’ve made such a case here in Washington for what they believe in . ”
Bachmann ’s defenders insist that her national profile wo n’t drag down her re-election prospects .
“ If anything , I think it enhances it — she ’s seen as being prominent .
It ’s a net plus , ” says Ben Golnik , former executive director of the Minnesota Republican Party , calling her “ one of the leading conservatives in Washington . ”
And Cottington , the GOP consultant , characterizes Clark ’s approach as an attack of style over substance , arguing that district voters are ideologically much more in line with her opponent .
Certainly Bachmann is no longer alone in her professed love for the tea party movement , whose polarizing rhetoric now permeates the upper echelons of the Republican Party .
And her profile has helped her put boots on the ground as well : in 2008 , youth activists from Generation Joshua , a national group for homeschooled Christians , turned out to knock on doors and canvass the district for Bachmann .
Clark herself has n’t hesitated from using the national arena to boost her profile and ramp up her attacks on Bachmann .
In her first attack ad of the campaign , Clark blasted Bachmann for saying that BP was the victim of “ extortion ” for having to pay for the oil spill — a spot that kicked off multiple appearances on MSNBC ’s Hardball and The Ed Schultz Show .
On Saturday , Clark spoke at Netroots Nation , the annual gathering of liberal bloggers and activists — an appearance that could help spur on the grassroots left to match Bachmann ’s tea party army .
And while she ’s drawn heavy support from local and state unions , the single largest donor to Clark ’s campaign has been EMILY ’s List , the powerful national political action committee that backs pro-choice Democratic women .
The Clark campaign has tried to downplay such endorsements , maintaining that the grassroots activists who ’ve come out to support the campaign so far have largely come from within the district .
But if Clark is indeed one of the strongest challengers that Democrats have fielded against Bachmann — as many local and state party members believe — it ’s at least in part because she shares some of her opponent ’s own strengths in her appeal to the public .
“ They ’re both attractive women , dynamic women , ” says Larson .
“ But with totally different philosophies — and totally different ways of dealing with politics . ”
It ’s a tough time to have a mullet in this world .
First , you get ridiculed for looking silly , and if you live in Iran , the government could fine you for your ‘ do .
But for the fans at Memorial Auditorium in the spring of 1973 , there was no disappointment in coming out on the unfavorable side of battle .
The fact that the Buffalo Sabres were in the race , it seemed , was all that mattered to the home crowd .
That ’s because after only three years in the NHL , the Sabres had forged an identity and were experiencing the first winning season in franchise history during the 1972 - 73 campaign .
The team had done an about - face and by the end of the end of the season had produced 37 wins – and claimed fourth place in the East Division .
Their newfound success would result in a Lady Byng trophy for center Gilbert Perreault and a Coach of the Year award for manager Joe Crozier .
It also meant the Sabres first playoff appearance in franchise history .
Facing the storied Montreal Canadiens in the first round , however , was no easy task .
Buffalo held their ground in the first game against the Habs , but fell by a 2 - 1 score at The Forum .
The Sabres would continue to struggle on the road and dropped the next contest 7 - 3 before falling to a 3 - 0 series deficit with a 5 - 2 loss at The Aud .
Facing elimination , the Sabres were revived .
The following game Buffalo captured a 5 - 2 win at home to stave off the end of their playoff run .
In Game 5 the Sabres cut the Canadiens ' series lead to one game after bagging a thrilling 3 - 2 overtime win in Montreal .
Game Six was to be played in Buffalo and Sabres fans were hoping for an upset to send the series back to Quebec .
It was not to be , however , as Montreal claimed a 4 - 2 win and subsequently advanced to the next round of the postseason .
While they would n’t come out on top , Buffalo gave the Habs a run for their money and the fans were grateful for the chance to get a glimpse at the Stanley Cup playoffs .
It was a bittersweet moment as they expressed their gratitude at Memorial Auditorium .
Following Buffalo ’s elimination , the fans were in uproar with applause for their team , and began to chant ‘ Thank You Sabres ’ as the team left the ice .
Over on Bungie.net , Urk pointed out that Sawnose had been talking in the forums about using the Halo 1 CD keys for something special in Reach .
Now he has talked a little more about it , hears the post .
Yes , that was me in the podcast , and in fact we were discussing details at the office today .
We should have the final feature ready for use in about a month .
We 're dealing with the keygen problem as best we can .
For starters , I pulled a list of keys that had actually been used as of a month or two ago , and we 'll probably validate against that list .
So people wo n't be able to just get the keygen now and claim the ... reward .
( i.e. , people who did n't even bother to pirate the game :-)
It also means that buying one of the few remaining copies at retail wo n't help you anymore .
So yeah , we 're on it .
Start spreading the word on other sites that Halo PC users should check here a couple weeks before Reach launches for details on what to do with the key .
edit - see my addendum at the end of the OP
edit -
To clarify , OLD keys work .
If you ever used your key ( technically , to enter the multiplayer game lobby , since that 's what validates the key ) at any time from 2003 until a couple months ago ( May ? ) , you should be ok .
We wo n't be allowing NEW keys , because we 'll assume they were keygenned .
" Halo 1 for Mac " users are included in this .
" Halo 2 for PC " is NOT included since Bungie was n't involved in that port .
edit -
The reward is a small " visual flair " , as was described during the last days of Halo 2 for players of that game .
Not armor or anything in the Armory .
We realize that some people have lost their keys or never played online to validate their key , and unfortunately we can't do anything about that .
If that 's you , you 're not missing out on something like Recon or Flames , it 's just a little indication that people have been part of a certain Halo community for a while , and we wanted to give them a nod .
As others have noted , we have no way of telling if you 've played the Xbox version , so that is n't included here .
edit -
Yes , you can continue to play the game without invalidating your key .
edit -
" Halo : Custom Edition " - YES
And the precise cutoff date for CD Keys was May 26th , 2010 .
If your key was ever used online before then , it counts .
Check out the full post here :
http://www.bungie.net/News/Blog.aspx?mode=news#cid27512
Women in their 30s and 40s are more willing to engage in a variety of sexual activities to capitalize on their remaining childbearing years , according to a new study .
The results show women ages 27 to 45 have a heightened sex drive in response to their dwindling fertility .
Such " reproduction expediting " includes one - night stands and adventurous bedroom behavior , the research shows .
" Our findings suggest that women do n't need to necessarily go ' baby crazy ' in their 30s or go around thinking they 're supposed to be having a ' sexual peak , ' " said study researcher Judith Easton , a psychology graduate student at the University of Texas at Austin .
" Our results suggest there is nothing special about the 30s , but that instead these behaviors manifest in all women with declining fertility , " Easton said .
" It may be more difficult to conceive past the age of 35 , but our research suggests women 's psychology will continue to motivate them to try until menopause . "
The researchers recruited 827 women from the University of Texas at Austin and from Craigslist.com .
Most of the participants , 661 , had no children .
The women were split into three groups : high fertility ( ages 18 to 26 ) ; low fertility ( 27 to 45 ) : and menopausal ( 46 and up ) .
The respondents answered an online questionnaire about their sexual attitudes and behavior .
Compared with the other groups , women in the low - fertility group were more likely to experience :
Frequent sexual fantasies
Thoughts about sexual activities
More intense sexual fantasies than their younger counterparts
A more active sex life and willingness to have a one - night stand
A greater willingness to have casual sex
Contrary to their predictions , the researchers found that both low - and high - fertility women ( excluding menopausal women ) who were in relationships fantasized equally about their current romantic partners and other people .
According to a 2010 report from the Pew Research Center 's Social & Demographic Trends , mothers of newborns in all race and ethnic groups are now older than their counterparts 20 years ago .
Fourteen percent of births in 2008 were to women ages 35 and older , and 10 percent were to teens .
With more women having children past their peak childbearing years , Easton says the research will have implications on reproductive and sexual health issues , such as fertility , sexual dysfunction and marital development .
The results will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Personality and Individual Differences .
It might be better for the British or American cubicle - dwellers if their jobs were exported .
Just as Henry Ford degraded manual work by the creation of the production line in 1913 ( a development so revolting to his employees that he had to double their wages ) , so the cognitive element has been extracted from many office jobs .
In the public sector , liberalism , honourably striving to prevent abuses of power , creates standardised tests that stop teachers from teaching , or sentencing guidelines that stop judges from judging .
In the private sector , it is deemed more efficient to disseminate ' knowledge systems ’ than to encourage initiative , hence the zombified call - centre functionary , doomed to spend his working day reading from a script .
There is also the creepy corporate culture of ' teamwork ’ .
Authority , ' given our democratic sensibilities ’ , must present itself ' as something co-operative and friendly ’ .
The upshot , Crawford says , is the smarmy , passive - aggressive boss , ' pyjama days ’ or basketball hoops in the office ( these last do seem to be uniquely American horrors ) ; deep neurosis overlain by a strained political correctness .
The Ku Klux Klan was founded in 1865 by racist whites seeking to fight against radical Republican efforts to reconstruct the South .
The KKK targeted both blacks and white Republicans ; they even targeted some Southern white Democrats who were n't sufficiently anti-black .
The KKK 's argument : Blacks , by their mere presence and attempts to participate in the political process , were destroying the dignity of the white South .
The radical Republicans in Congress fought the KKK tooth and nail ; in the early 1870s , they passed the Force Acts , designed to destroy the KKK once and for all .
Those acts allowed the president to use the federal military to enforce the 15th Amendment .
It nearly did the trick .
Within a few years , the KKK had been virtually wiped out .
Then came the election of 1876 .
Not only did Southern Democrats -- often closely allied with the KKK -- win back South Carolina , Florida and Louisiana , they also helped broker an election deal with Republican Rutherford B. Hayes .
Samuel Tilden won the popular vote , but Hayes won a majority of one vote in the Electoral College through a series of complex machinations .
A constitutional crisis ensued .
It was solved when Hayes essentially promised to end reconstruction efforts and withdraw federal troops from the South in return for Democratic support for his presidency .
Offshoots of the KKK quickly returned , restoring the South to a state of horrific oppression and segregation ; it uprooted the progress made since the end of the Civil War .
Southern Democrats instituted Jim Crow and revivified both violence and racism on a massive scale .
The moral of this story is simple : Racial violence can only flourish with the approval or apathy of federal , state and local government .
Fast forward 132 years .
Racial violence is becoming a norm around the nation .
The city of Oakland , for reasons both racial and economic , has announced that it will stop using police to investigate grand theft , burglary , car wrecks , identity theft and vandalism .
The Justice Department is suing the state of Arizona for cracking down on illegal immigration -- a blatant attempt by the Obama administration to woo Hispanic voters by making it more difficult for Arizona law enforcement to crack down on Hispanic illegal offenders .
The Obama Justice Department has also dropped an investigation into the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation , despite the fact that videotape shows members of the New Black Panther Party wielding clubs outside a voting place .
Attorney General Eric Holder has announced that the Justice Department will investigate the shooting of a black career criminal in Oakland , after the white police officer who committed the shooting was convicted of involuntary manslaughter ;
Holder has said nothing about the massive looting , largely by minorities , that followed the verdict .
Meanwhile , the Obama administration continues to ramp up the anti-white rhetoric .
This is nothing new .
Holder famously called us a " nation of cowards " on racial matters last year ; Obama himself called his white grandmother a " typical white person " and blasted the Cambridge Police Department for racial profiling ; Michelle Obama wrote her Princeton thesis on how white folks were racists ; Michelle and Barack went to Rev. Wright 's racist church for 20 years .
They 've all just upped the ante recently .
Now Holder says that the Arizona law will promote racial profiling ; Obama agrees with him ; and Michelle Obama visits the NAACP , where she tells the black audience to " increase our intensity . "
What 's their motivation ?
Supposedly , the Obama administration is simply fired up by the presence of the tea partiers , in the same way the KKK was fired up by the presence of voting blacks in the South .
Black Democrats in the House have fabricated claims of tea partiers shouting the " n- word , " even as they ignore white union members shouting the " n- word " at black tea partier Kenneth Gladney .
The NAACP claims that the tea party is " racist , " with NAACP President Benjamin Jealous telling members that his goal was to pour " ice on the tea party . "
That 's just an excuse .
The Obama administration is racist .
They are using that racism to let black criminals off the hook , justify illegal immigration , hamstring law enforcement across the country , and push redistribution as a solution to supposed continuing discrimination against " people of color . "
The predictable result of this policy will resemble the results of the 1876 election : federal abdication on racial violence , state abdication on racial violence and local abdication on racial violence .
The next race war will come not from racist whites , but from racist blacks and Hispanics who feel empowered to act on their racism by an administration that excuses all minority misbehavior .
Man jailed for Muslim veil attack Published duration 26 July 2010
image caption
The woman was attacked and her veil ripped off outside Central Station
A man who ripped a veil from a Muslim woman 's face as she walked though Glasgow has been jailed for two years .
William Baikie , 26 , admitted racially assaulting 26 - year - old Anwar Alqahtani by forcibly removing her niqab in the city 's Hope Street on 27 April .
Glasgow Sheriff Court heard how Baikie , who has previous convictions for racist behaviour , ran off but was later identified through CCTV footage .
Passing sentence , Sheriff Lindsay
Wood branded the assault " shameful " .
The court heard how Ms Alqahtani had come to Scotland from Saudi Arabia to study a masters degree .
' Absolute disgrace '
The 26 - year - old , who wears the niqab to protect her modesty as part of her religion , was attacked as she walked to get a train from Central Station .
The force of Baikie 's actions damaged Ms Alqahtani 's niqab and she had to find another item of clothing to cover her .
Sentencing Baikie , Sheriff Lindsay
Wood told him that what he did was an " absolute disgrace " .
He said : " The offence you committed was a shameful one .
A few minutes ago at TCA , NBC announced that 30 Rock will air a live episode in October .
They ’ll perform separate versions for viewers on both coasts , giving Tracy Morgan two chances to deliver lines exactly as written .
In other Peacock news , Rob Lowe will join Parks and Recreation as a full - time cast member ( he had previously only signed on for six episodes ) .
And NBC has decided to debut a few shows early this fall , with Parenthood now premiering September 14 , Outlaw on September 15 , and The Apprentice on September 16 .
An Israeli military inquiry found no wrongdoing or negligence in the navy 's raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla , but said intelligence and operational mistakes led to the deaths of nine Turkish activists .
A civilian panel is conducting a separate inquiry into the May 31st raid that triggered an international outcry , strained Israel 's relations with its once - close Muslim ally Turkey and forced the Jewish state to ease its land blockade on Gaza .
" The inquiry found that on the one hand there were no wrongdoings and no negligences in any fundamental areas during a complicated and complex operation , " Giora Eiland , a retired Israeli general who headed the military inquiry said today .
" But on the other hand there were mistakes that were made in decisions , including some taken at relatively high levels , which meant that the result was not as had been initially anticipated , " Mr Eiland told reporters at the Ministry of Defence in Tel Aviv , where he released his report into the incident .
Israel says its troops acted in self - defence in opening fire on passengers who attacked them with metal rods and knives .
It also says the interception was neccessary to enforce a naval blockade designed to prevent arms shipments from reaching Hamas , the Islamist group that controls the Gaza Strip .
Mr Eiland said his inquiry found evidence that activists on the Turkish - flagged Mavi Marmara opened fire on Israeli commandos .
" We found that there are at least four incidents in which the people who were on the ship shot at our soldiers , either by using the weapons that were stolen from the soldiers or a weapon that they had , " he said .
" We do have evidence that there was at least one weapon on this ship before we arrived and there is good reason to believe that the first shooting that occurred was when our soldier , the second soldier that arrived on the deck from the very first helicopter was shot by somebody , " he added .
Turkish organisers of the flotilla reject Israeli claims that activists opened fire first , with guns seized from Israeli commandos .
They say activists seized guns but threw them overboard .
Some of the commandos , the Israeli military said at the time , were armed with paintball guns - but also carried pistols - in anticipation of only light resistance .
Mr Eiland said better intelligence on the activists ' plan to attack Israeli commandos could have prevented the bloodshed .
The separate civilian panel is led by a former Israeli Supreme Court Justice Jacob Turkel and includes two international observers .
Its narrow mandate does not include an examination of the political decision - making process behind the launching of the raid , although Mr Turkel said it would call for Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to testify .
Instead , it focuses on whether the naval blockade and the flotilla 's interception conformed with international law .
The panel will also investigate the actions taken by the convoy 's organisers and participants .
Reuters
stuff I 've figured out long after everybody else has
Inkscape is an SVG - based graphics editor featuring alpha blending , node editing , SVG to PNG export , and more .
The goal of Inkscape is to be a fully - fledged vector drawing tool with sophisticated features similar to Illustrator , CorelDraw , and Visio .
WASHINGTON — Unknowns abound , but with oil no longer flowing freely into the Gulf of Mexico , a grim calculus is beginning to define the dimensions of the worst spill ever .
Assuming no more oil is released — and for many skeptics , that alone is the bravest of assumptions — 85 days of slow - motion disaster added up to some 700 million litres of crude by some estimates .
Put another way , about 17 times more oil than gushed from the Exxon Valdez when it broke open off Alaska in 1989 .
Those in search of silver linings say the warmth , depth and distance of the Deepwater spill — a full 80 kilometres offshore — means that barrel for barrel , the Gulf may not pay the same price as Alaska simply because oil breaks down more quickly in warmer water .
Friends of the Earth , in its running tally of dead wildlife , count 1,387 sea birds , 444 sea turtles and 53 mammals dead in the Gulf thus far .
The Alaska spill , by contrast , is believed to have killed 36,000 sea birds .
But spill - watchers were loath to express optimism , given the as yet unknown toll to wetlands , estuaries and beaches already degraded by decades of human development along the Gulf coast .
Weather ( read hurricane ) remains a vexing wild card to those trying to anticipate what comes next .
“ It is awkward to use the phrase ‘ best - case scenario ’ but if not another ounce of oil is released that ’s obviously good .
We can only hope so , ” said Hugh Kaufman , senior policy analyst with the Environmental Protection Agency ’s Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response .
“ What that will leave us with , however , is a 20 - year reckoning of the damage to the environment , to the fisheries , to tourism and beyond .
People will still be sending in the bills long after I ’m dead and buried . ”
Kaufman is a leading critic of BP ’s decision to use the chemical dispersant Corexit , which was described during hearings in Washington on Thursday as the potential “ Agent Orange of the Gulf . ”
Marine biologists at this point simply cannot calculate the impact of the nearly 7 million litres of Corexit now in the water .
“ What we do know is that the dispersants put all that oil in play — there is no skimming or burning it off anymore .
Instead you have a vast expanse of oil droplets , together with Corexit chemicals , that ’s going to do what it will do , ” said Kaufman .
“ The result may be short - term gain for very long - term pain .
More complex pain , in fact , because we ’ll be sorting through questions of both the oil and the dispersant impacts .
Anyone who looks on the label of a bottle of Corexit might decide on that alone they do n’t want to ever again swim in this water or eat this fish . ”
Marcie Keever , a Washington - based campaigner with Friends of the Earth , said environmentalists understand now that only a tiny fraction of the oil will ever be cleaned up .
“ Looking for a best - case scenario when you are talking everything from tuna spawning grounds to an already fragile fishery and ecosystem is almost beyond us at this point , ” Keever told the Star .
“ One possibility is that the spill will bring about a public demand to end the era of the oil industry ’s ability to basically write its own regulations , another is that this tragedy will ultimately persuade Americans that we need to move away from fossil fuels altogether . ”
But Keever admits even those scenarios are blunted by the ever - weakening U.S. climate bill now working its way through Congress .
Few in Washington expect the bill to become law before the end of the year .
And if and when it does , fewer still expect it to contain a robust cap - and - trade element that might spark a dramatic shift toward alternative energy sources .
The EPA ’s Kaufman , meanwhile , cautions watchers of the famous underwater oil spout not to be deceived by still waters .
BP remains hesitant to declare the well under control for good reason .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ This is n’t over .
Nobody really has any idea how much stress the cap can take .
A day , a week , a month , two years ?
Eventually it is at risk of blowing again , until they can get the relief well aligned , pump in the mud and properly shut this thing down , ” he said .
“ For now , that is the best - case scenario , that we can buy ourselves enough time to end this well for good before a catastrophe becomes even worse . ”
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ Scientists have found the reason why blacks dominate on the running track and whites in the swimming pool : it ’s in their belly - buttons , a study published Monday shows .
What ’s important is not whether an athlete has an innie or an outie but where his or her navel is in relation to the rest of the body , says the study published in the International Journal of Design and Nature and Ecodynamics .
ADVERTISEMENT
The navel is the center of gravity of the body , and given two runners or swimmers of the same height , one black and one white , “ what matters is not total height but the position of the belly - button , or center of gravity , ” Duke University professor Andre Bejan , the lead author of the study , told AFP .
“ It so happens that in the architecture of the human body of West African - origin runners , the center of gravity is significantly higher than in runners of European origin , ” which puts them at an advantage in sprints on the track , he said .
Individuals of West African - origin have longer legs than European - origin athletes , which means their belly - buttons are three centimeters ( 1.18 inches ) higher than whites ’ , said Bejan .
That means the black athletes have a “ hidden height ” that is three percent greater than whites ’ , which gives them a significant speed advantage on the track .
“ Locomotion is essentially a continual process of falling forward , and mass that falls from a higher altitude , falls faster , ” Bejan explained .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the pool , meanwhile , whites have the advantage because they have longer torsos , making their belly - buttons lower in the general scheme of body architecture .
“ Swimming is the art of surfing the wave created by the swimmer , ” said Bejan .
“ The swimmer who makes the bigger wave is the faster swimmer , and a longer torso makes a bigger wave .
Europeans have a three - percent longer torso than West Africans , which gives them a 1.5 - percent speed advantage in the pool , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Asians have the same long torsos as Europeans , giving them the same potential to be record - breakers in the pool .
But they often lose out to whites because whites are taller , said Bejan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Many scientists have avoided studying why blacks make better sprinters and whites better swimmers because of what the study calls the “ obvious ” race angle .
But Bejan said the study he conducted with Edward Jones , a professor at Howard University in Washington , and Duke graduate Jordan Charles , focused on the athletes ’ geographic origins and biology , not race , which the authors of the study call a “ social construct . ”
Bejan is white , originally from Romania , and Jones is black , from South Carolina .
ADVERTISEMENT
They charted and analyzed nearly 100 years of records in men’s and women ’s sprinting and 100 - meters freestyle swimming for the study .
Discuss this article in the Global Views forum of Post & Riposte .
Most people -- certainly the ones who were sitting next to me over San Francisco -- would insist that they can indeed feel the bank .
We have all had the experience while reading or dozing on an airliner of feeling a lurch and looking up to see , as expected , that the airplane is tilted .
The lurch comes when the airplane dips or raises a wing , starting into a turn or starting out of one .
Sometimes we can even give a direction to the bank .
But if we then close our eyes , we have no way of telling that we are sitting at an angle .
I know from experience how difficult it is to convince people of this .
When the bank is visible -- for instance , on a clear day -- the tilted horizon looks so unusual that the view overpowers other perceptions .
But during flight on black nights , or in clouds , the bank is imperceptible , and passengers are heedless .
They may feel the odd lurch , but they have no way of guessing the airplane 's degree of bank .
The inner ear , and with it the sense of balance , is neutralized by the motion of flight .
The airplane could be momentarily upside down and passengers would not know .
Of course , none of this matters unless you are the pilot .
But historically pilots have made the same mistakes as passengers .
Having been given the airplane , they had to learn to use it .
Generations were required .
Eventually they admitted that instinct was unreliable in clouds , and that they needed special instruments to tell them what was happening to the plane .
Without the instruments they went into mysterious banks and dived out of control .
Thus was born the most basic distinction in flying , between conditions in which the turn is visible and conditions in which it must be measured .
The ability to fly through weather and in darkness is more important than speed in the conquest of distance .
The mastery of the turn is the story of how aviation became practical as a means of transportation .
It is the story of how the world became small .
S OME definitions are in order .
The bank is a condition of tilted wings , and the turn is the change in direction that results .
The connection between the two is inexorable : the airplane must bank to turn , and when it is banked , it must turn .
The reason is simple .
In flight with level wings the lifting force of the wings is directed straight up , and the airplane does not turn ; in a bank the lifting force is tilted to the side , and the airplane therefore must move to that side .
It can not slide sideways through the air , because it has a vertical fin on the tail , which forces the turn by keeping the tail in line behind the nose .
The result is an elegantly curved flight path , created as the airplane lifts itself through the changes in direction .
The turn , however , comes at a price .
As the bank steepens , the airplane has greater difficulty holding its altitude .
Flown at bank angles approaching ninety degrees -- in which the wings point straight up and down -- a normal airplane cannot keep from descending .
In such " knife - edge " flight the force that once lifted the wings in a direction perpendicular to the earth 's surface is now directed parallel to it , and gravity pulls the airplane down .
However , if the pilot controls the airplane carefully and allows it to keep turning , it will happily roll past the vertical , onto its back , and finally right side up again .
During such a maneuver San Francisco
Bay would momentarily appear above you , and the Golden Gate Bridge would seem to hang from the water .
This is fine if you are prepared for it .
Full rolls are the purest expression of flight .
They are normally flown only in fighters and other acrobatic airplanes , but if you ignore convention , you can fly them in any airplane , including a Boeing 737 .
None of this would have comforted the man sitting next to me during that steep turn over the Golden Gate .
He was large , sharp - eyed , and alert .
When the wing dropped , he said , " Hey ! " and grabbed the armrests .
Now he rode " above " me in the bank , leaning into the aisle as if he feared toppling into my lap .
He need not have worried .
If he had dropped his pen , it would have fallen not " down " in the conventional sense -- toward me and the earth -- but rather toward the tilted carpet at his feet .
If he had dangled the pen from a string , it would have hung at a ninety - degree angle with respect to the tilted floor .
A dangled pen is a primitive inclinometer , like a plumb bob or the heel indicator on a sailboat .
On land or at sea it will hang toward the center of the planet .
But in flight it will hang toward the floor , no matter how steeply the airplane is banked .
A carpenter 's level would be equally fooled .
This peculiar phenomenon is a manifestation of the turn 's inherent balance .
The earth 's gravity acts on an airplane , and of course on objects in an airplane , but so do the forces of inertia , the desire of any mass to keep doing what it has been doing .
The neatness of this Newtonian package is beautiful to behold .
Bob Hoover , a stunt pilot , mounted a video camera in his cockpit , set an empty glass on the instrument panel , and poured himself a soft drink while flying full rolls .
Our United pilots seemed inclined to fly the same way .
If they had done so , as we passed inverted above the Golden Gate Bridge and saw it hanging from the water , my sharp - eyed neighbor could have watched his pen dangling toward the sky .
During the roll the flight attendants could have walked upside down .
And some passengers , too busy to look outside , would n't even have noticed .
The human body is another inclinometer .
Undisturbed by the view , it sits quietly , dangling toward the tilted floor , churning out memos for the home office .
The man next to me was not about to fall into my lap .
He could have relaxed , lowered the tray in front of him , and called for a coffee .
Unlike a table on a sailboat , an airplane tray requires no gimbals .
Flight attendants do not develop sea legs .
They brew coffee on a fixed counter , deliver it without worrying about the bank angle , and fill cups to their brims .
Full cups make people behave during turns : if they try to hold them level with the earth , the coffee pours out and scalds their thighs .
If this is hard to believe , imagine the alternative -- an airplane in which " down " was always toward the ground .
Bedlam would break loose in the cabin during turns .
A S long as its wings are level , an airplane is well mannered and slow to anger .
If you pull its nose up and then release the controls , it puts its nose back down ; if you push it down , it answers by rearing up .
Like horseback riding , flying consists mostly of leaving the beast alone .
The problem is that this particular beast does not stay on the trail unguided , and once it strays , it develops a strong impulse to self - destruct .
Unguided , any airplane will eventually begin to bank .
That by itself would be fine if you did n't mind the resulting turn .
But as the bank tilts the lift force of the wings , reducing their vertical effectiveness , it erodes the equilibrium that previously countered the pull of the earth .
The airplane responds to the loss by lowering its nose and accelerating .
Sitting in the cockpit with folded arms and watching it proceed is like letting a temperamental horse gallop down a steepening slope : it requires steady nerves and a morbid curiosity .
In flight the slope steepens because the acceleration tightens the airplane 's turn , which increases its bank angle , which causes further acceleration .
Sooner or later a sort of aerodynamic lock - in occurs .
The airplane banks to vertical or beyond , and points its nose straight down .
That 's the spiral dive .
In its most lethal forms it is called the graveyard spiral .
The airplane flies in ever - steeper circles and either disintegrates from excessive speed or hits the ground in a screaming descent .
Most flights would suffer this end if the pilot ( or auto pilot ) did not intervene .
In good weather the intervention is easy .
When you see that the airplane has banked , you unbank it .
During turns you hold the controls more firmly , and keep the nose from dropping .
The increased loading caused by inertia during a well flown turn is felt within the cabin as a peculiar heaviness .
Pilots measure it in " Gs , " as a multiple of gravity 's normal pull .
An airplane that banks to thirty degrees creates a loading of 1.15 Gs : the airplane , and everything in it , temporarily weighs 15 percent more than normal .
Fifteen percent is hardly noticeable .
But when the bank grows only a bit steeper , to forty - five degrees , the load increases to 1.4 Gs : people feel pressed into their seats , and they might notice that the wings have flexed upward .
Technically it is not important .
Airplanes are strong .
Pilots shrug off two Gs , and may feel comfortable at twice as much .
But passengers are unaccustomed to the sensation .
As we pivoted over the Golden Gate , I estimated that my neighbor had gained about eighty pounds .
Had he dangled his pen toward the tilted floor , it would have pulled on the string with surprising force .
This might not have reassured him .
But the extra heaviness is a measure of the pilot 's success in resisting the spiral dive .
If we had felt " normal " during the turn , it could only have meant that the nose was dropping fast toward the water .
No pilot would make such a mistake on a clear day .
The view from the cockpit is dominated by the horizon , the constantly renewing division between the sky and the earth .
It forms a line across the windshield , and makes immediate sense of the airplane 's movements .
In clouds or on black nights , when they cannot see outside , pilots keep their wings level by watching an artificial horizon on the instrument panel .
The artificial horizon is a gyroscopically steadied line , which stays level with the earth 's surface .
The airplane pitches and banks in relation to this steady line , which in spatial terms never moves .
Of course , in airplane terms it does move -- which presents a problem , because pilots are part of the airplane : they fly it from within , strapped to their seats .
In clear skies they would never misjudge a bank as the tilting of the earth , but with their view restricted to the abstractions of the instrument panel they sometimes do just that : when the airplane banks , they perceive the motion as a movement of the artificial horizon line across the face of the instrument .
This causes them to " fly " the wrong thing -- the moving horizon line , rather than the fixed symbolic airplane .
For example , as turbulence tilts the airplane to the left , the pilots , tilting with it , notice the artificial horizon line dropping to the right .
Reacting instinctively to the indication of motion , they sometimes try to raise the line as if it were a wing .
The result of such a reversal in such cases is murderous .
Pilots steer to the left just when they should steer to the right , and then in confusion they steer harder .
While cruising calmly inside clouds , I have had student pilots suddenly try to flip the airplane upside down .
These were perfectly rational people , confronted by the turn .
A IRPLANES did not shrink the world overnight .
The Wrights flew straight and level at Kitty Hawk in December of 1903 , and nobody paid much attention .
They went home to Dayton , rented a cow pasture , and spent the following year stretching their flights and learning to turn .
The first detailed account of their flights appeared in Gleanings in Bee Culture , a journal for beekeepers published in nearby Medina .
The editor , A. I . Root , traveled to the pasture and on September 20 , 1904 , saw Wilbur fly the first full circle .
Bees , of course , are the great specialists in full - circle flying ; they spend their days on round - trip missions , and construct whole worlds out of their ability to turn .
I do not know if Root was influenced by these thoughts , but he understood the significance of the Wrights ' achievement .
The U.S. Army was slower to catch on .
Five years later , after much persuading by the Wrights , it reluctantly took delivery of its first airplane .
In 1909 horses still seemed more glorious .
The war in Europe changed that .
Unsullied by the carnage in the trenches , pilots chased across the sky , turning hard on each other 's tails .
The war taught them to fly with confidence , and encouraged the myth of instinct .
Those who survived made the dangerous discovery that they could feel at home in the sky .
They learned to accept the strangeness of a steep ban -- the G load and the tilted horizon -- and the magic of a full roll .
Nonetheless , they still believed in instinctive balance : when they ducked through small clouds and emerged with their wings slightly tilted , they did not appreciate the significance of this small clue -- did not suspect the importance of the unfelt bank .
Although scientific thinkers on both sides of the Atlantic had , by the end of the war , come to understand the intricacies of the banked turn , pilots , trapped by vanity , paid little heed .
And because pilots at the time rarely flew in bad weather or on black nights , they did not expose themselves to the conditions that would have fostered deeper insight .
At the end of the war regular airmail service started in Europe and the United States .
It made airplanes useful to the public for the first time , gave birth to the airlines , and placed pressure on the pilots to operate on schedules .
They followed rivers and railroads in open - cockpit biplanes , flying under the weather , sometimes at extremely low altitude , dodging steeples and oil derricks .
Many pilots were killed .
In December of 1925 a young Army pilot named Carl Crane got caught in the clouds at 8,000 feet directly over Detroit while trying to fly a congressman 's son to Washington , D.C. , in a biplane .
Crane later became a famous master of the turn .
Recalling this particular flight , he said , " In a short time I was losing altitude , completely out of control .
I could not fly the airplane at all -- it had gotten into a spiral dive .
Halfway down I looked around at my boy in the back , and he was enjoying the flight no end .
He was shaking his hands and grinning , and I was slowly dying because I knew we were going to crash . "
The boy in the rear cockpit was just unaware .
Crane had an altimeter and an airspeed indicator .
He thought he was dying " slowly " only because of the way experience is compressed when an airplane goes wild .
People 's minds can work extraordinarily fast .
Pilots tend to think not about God or their lives but about solutions .
Crane searched his training and remembered only vague admonitions to stay out of bad weather .
Of course , he was in it now , and could n't see a thing .
He knew he was turning but could make no sense of the compass .
It is a notorious problem : because the earth 's magnetic field does not lie parallel to the globe 's surface but dips down toward the magnetic poles , the compass responds to banks by spinning erratically , jamming , and sometimes showing turns in reverse .
Crane did not know which wing was down , let alone by how much .
If he tried to level the wings , he was just as likely to roll upside down as right side up .
If he tried to raise the nose , the effect would be exactly the opposite : the turn would quicken , steepening the descent .
For a pilot these are the central issues of the spiral dive .
Crane understood none of it at the time , but he sensed that his situation was hopeless .
In modern times air - traffic control recorded the radio transmissions of an unskilled pilot who , with his family on board , tried to descend through overcast .
After he lost control , he began to sob into the microphone , begging the radar controllers to tell him which side was up .
But radar shows air traffic as wingless blips on a map , and is incapable of distinguishing banks .
Controllers are in the business of keeping airplanes from colliding .
Pilots are in the business of flight control .
This one had instruments on board by which he could have kept his wings level , but in the milkiness of the clouds he became confused .
The controllers listened helplessly to his panic and , in the background , to the screams of his children .
The transmissions ended when the airplane broke apart .
Crane 's biplane was stronger .
" Finally it got down to under a thousand feet , and I said , ' Well , here we go .
I 'm going to look at my boy once more . '
And as I turned around to look at him , a sign went by my wing .
It said ' Statler Hotel . '
I had just missed the top of the Statler Hotel .
In all the mist and rain , I could see the buildings and the streets .
I flew down the street and got over the Detroit River , and flew about ten feet high all the way to Toledo , shaking all the way . "
Shocked by the way intuition had abandoned him , Crane began to ask questions .
For years he got no intelligent answers .
Veterans of the military and the airmail service still insisted they could fly " by the seat of the pants , " and they thought less of those who could not .
Their self - deception now seems all the more profound because the solution to the problem of flying in clouds and darkness -- a gyroscope adapted to flying -- was already widely available .
T HE gyroscope is a spinning wheel , like a child 's top , mounted in gimbals that allow it freedom of movement .
It has two important traits : left alone , it maintains a fixed orientation in space ( in relation to the stars ) ; and when tilted , it reacts in an odd but predictable way .
Elmer Sperry , the great American inventor , started playing with these traits in the early 1900s .
As a curiosity , he designed a gyrostabilized " trained wheelbarrow , " and he tried , without success , to interest a circus in it .
Undiscouraged , Sperry turned to the U.S. Navy instead , and interested it in gyro - compasses and ship stabilizers .
Competitors in Europe developed similar devices , and during the buildup to war interested their countries ' navies , too .
Airplanes were an intriguing sideline .
Sperry built a gyroscopic auto pilot in 1910 , not to enable blind flight but to stabilize the otherwise unruly early flying machines .
In 1915 he began to ponder instrumentation , and with prescient insight into the problems of flight was able after three years to produce the first gyroscopic turn indicator , an instrument still in use today .
Its face consisted of a vertical pointer , which indicated turns to the left or right .
( Necessarily , it also included a ball like the one in a carpenter 's level , an inclinometer that showed not bank but " skid " or " slip " -- conditions of imbalance . )
Sperry called the instrument a " crutch for the compass . "
In his patent application he described it as an instrument that would allow pilots to fly indefinitely through clouds , implying that without it they could not .
One of the earliest cloud flights with a turn indicator was made by William Ocker , an Army pilot , in 1918 .
Though he , too , spiraled out of overcast , he concluded correctly that his mistake had been to favor sensation over the instrument 's indications .
During the 1920s a few Post Office pilots began to fly by instruments .
When Charles Lindbergh crossed the Atlantic , in 1927 , a turn indicator kept him from spiraling into the sea when he met fog .
Two years later Jimmy Doolittle made a " blind " landing , after flying a complete circuit around an airport in a special biplane modified with a domed cockpit from which he could not see outside .
The landing itself was a technical dead end .
Once Doolittle was over the field , he reduced the power and waited until the biplane plunked into the grass -- a technique that would not be practical for the airlines .
More significant were the special devices that made the precisely flown circuit possible .
The airplane was equipped with navigational radios , an airspeed indicator , an improved altimeter , a turn indicator , and two new gyroscopic instruments from Elmer Sperry -- a gyroscopic compass and an artificial horizon .
This combination was so effective that it still forms the core of instrument panels today .
Doolittle compared the artificial horizon to cutting a porthole through the fog to look at the real horizon .
Devising technology was the easy part .
The more stubborn problem of belief remained .
As late as 1930 one of the airlines wrote to Sperry complaining about a mysterious problem : the instruments worked fine in clear air , but as soon as they were taken into clouds , they began to indicate turns .
Still worried about his near collision with the Statler Hotel , Carl Crane read with fascination the descriptions of Doolittle 's flight .
He was now , in 1929 , an Army instructor at a training base in Texas .
Though his superior officers disapproved of instrument flying , Crane was convinced of the need for gyroscopes .
He finally got permission to cover over a cockpit and turn one of the biplanes into an instrument trainer .
While he was at work on this , William Ocker wandered into the hangar .
Ocker did n't look like much of a pilot , with his bifocals and his mournful , puritan face , but he had a powerful mind and the restless soul of a missionary .
The truth about instrument flying had come to him in 1926 , during a routine medical examination in San Francisco .
To demonstrate that the senses could be fooled , a doctor had asked Ocker to close his eyes while being spun in a chair .
Ocker felt the chair begin to turn , and guessed the direction correctly -- but when the chair slowed , he felt it had stopped , and when the chair stopped , he felt it was now turning in the opposite direction .
For the doctor , it was a trick on the inner ear , an amusing exercise in vertigo .
For Ocker , it was a stunning revelation : the sense of accelerating into a turn is the same as that of decelerating from the opposite turn .
The chair induced the same false sensations that led pilots to mistrust their turn indicators .
Even those who accepted their inability to feel the bank were losing control .
Ocker now knew why .
He had found here in the spinning chair the proof that instinct is worse than useless in the clouds .
Ocker became so obsessed with the spinning chair that he was hospitalized twice for sanity tests and later banished by the Army to Texas .
His preaching had become tiresome .
Nonetheless , he had discovered the most disturbing limitation of human flight -- the feelings that cause people to sway dizzily from wings - level flight into spiral dives .
Having gyroscopes is not enough .
Pilots must learn to believe them , even though their bodies may have invented phantom turns .
And fiction can be compelling .
I have seen students break into a sweat in the effort not to submit .
Ocker and Crane began a systematic exploration of flying inside clouds .
In 1932 they published Blind Flight in Theory and Practice , the first clear analysis of instrument flying .
The book had an enormous influence .
The authors tried to lay to rest the old faith in flying by instinct .
They described the physics of the turn and the confusion experienced by the inner ear , but their most dramatic argument grew out of an experiment with pigeons .
From everything pilots had learned , it seemed evident that birds , too , must be unable to fly without a visible horizon .
Ocker and Crane blind folded pigeons , took them up in biplanes , and threw them out .
Sure enough , the birds dropped into fluttering emergency descents -- they panicked and went down like feathered parachutes .
It is possible , of course , that they did not like the blindfolds , which were made of Bull Durham tobacco pouches .
But anyway , the experiment was the kind pilots understood .
If God had meant birds to fly in the clouds , He would have given them gyroscopes .
B IRDS are not the perfect flyers that you might expect .
They can not fly through heavy rain .
They get sucked up by thunderstorms , frozen by altitude , and burned by lightning .
They crash into obstacles , wander offshore , run out of fuel , and die by the millions .
They would rather not migrate in bad weather , and usually do n't .
Nonetheless , it now appears that Ocker and Crane may have been wrong : there is evidence that some birds do occasionally fly inside clouds .
This is big news .
Word of it appeared in 1972 , in the proceedings of a NASA symposium on animal navigation .
Hidden among reports like " When the Beachhopper Looks at the Moon " and " Anemomenotactic Orientation in Beetles and Scorpions " ( that is , " When a Bug Feels the Wind " ) was a paper titled " Nocturnal Bird Migration in Opaque Clouds . "
It was written by Donald Griffin , the Harvard zoologist who discovered the use of sonar by bats .
Griffin reported that he had bought a military surplus radar and on overcast nights in New York had tracked birds that seemed to be flying inside clouds .
There were only a few , and Griffin was able to track them only for a couple of miles , but they appeared to be flying straight .
Griffin 's biggest problem was uncertainty over the flight conditions at the birds ' altitude .
Were the clouds really as thick as they looked from below ?
Were the birds really flying blind ?
Griffin had good reason to believe so , but as a scientist he had to be cautious .
His final report , in 1973 , reinforced the earlier findings but was more cautiously titled " Oriented Bird Migration in or Between Opaque Cloud Layers . "
Ornithologists still cite it from memory .
To those interested in bird navigation , the difference between " in " and " between " is just a detail ; the point is , the birds seemed to know their way without reference to the stars or to the ground .
But to birds , whose first job is keeping their wings level and controlling their turns , the distinction might be crucial .
Griffin , a former pilot , understands its importance .
I recently mentioned to him my impression that some ornithologists seem stuck on the ground , and he laughed .
" I keep telling them , ' Gee , birds fly ! ' "
Assuming they fly in the clouds , the question is how ?
Ornithologists have no answer , and they shy away from speculation .
It is known that birds navigate by watching the ground and the positions of the sun , the moon , and the stars -- none of which would help them in clouds .
But they may also use a host of nonvisual clues , and may use mental " maps " based on sound , smell , air currents , variations in gravitational pull , and other factors .
Experiments have shown that some species are extremely sensitive to magnetic forces .
In their heads they have magnetite crystals surrounded by nerves , which may give them intuitive knowledge of their direction ( and location ) in the earth 's magnetic field .
Another possibility is that birds have internal gyroscopes of a primitive sort .
This is less farfetched than it seems : the rhythmic flapping of wings could have the effect of Foucault 's pendulum , allowing a bird to sense turns without any external cue .
A pendulum is more than a hanging weight -- it is a hanging weight that has been pushed and is swinging freely .
Swinging gives a pendulum its special ability to maintain spatial orientation .
Leon Foucault was the French physicist who first used one , in 1851 , to demonstrate the rotation of the earth : though the pendulum appeared to change direction as it swung , in fact the plane of its swing remained constant , and the apparent change was caused by the turning of the earth underneath it .
If birds rely on the pendulum effect , they are not alone .
Flies and mosquitoes ( along with more than 85,000 other species of Diptera ) use specially adapted vibrating rods to maintain spatial orientation in flight .
Not only can they turn sharply , roll upside down , and land on the underside of leaves , but they can do it in fog .
Pilots , too , have relied on pendulums .
It is said that an airliner inbound to New York in the 1950s lost all its gyroscopes in heavy weather over Block Island .
The captain was a wise old man who had risen with the airlines from the earliest airmail days and was approaching retirement .
A lesser pilot might have fallen for the trap of intuition .
But the captain simply took out his pocket watch , dangled it from its chain , and began to swing it toward the instrument panel .
Flying by the pendulum and the compass , he proceeded the length of Long Island in the clouds .
After breaking into the clear near the airport , he landed and wished his passengers a good day .
The story is not impossible .
I had it in mind one night when I flew out over the Pacific Ocean in a small airplane .
High clouds darkened the sky .
The light of a fishing boat drifted close by the coast .
Flying a mile above the water , I headed beyond it , into complete blackness .
Nowhere can a person find greater solitude than alone in flight .
At night in clouds and over water , the cockpit becomes a world of its own , and the instrument panel another world within it .
The instruments glow in a warm light , telling the strange story of the airplane 's motion .
Enjoying this isolation , I flew on until , behind me , the fishing boat was a distant glimmer .
The gyroscopes functioned perfectly .
The radios were blissfully silent .
I hooked a metal pen to a fishing line and dangled it from a knob on the ceiling .
Flying by the artificial horizon , I made a steep turn and watched the pen dangle toward the tilted floor .
Then I straightened out , pushed the pen toward the instrument panel , and released it .
It swung for almost a minute before requiring another push .
Each renewal would , of course , erase the pendulum 's spatial memory .
Nonetheless , I thought the device might work .
After turning parallel to the coast , I covered the gyroscopes with slips of paper .
The night air was smooth .
The pen swung rhythmically toward the panel and back .
When eventually the airplane banked and therefore turned , the swinging pen , though it continued to swing through a point perpendicular to the floor , maintained a memory of the airplane 's original heading , and seemed to have redirected itself to the left .
This could only mean that the airplane had banked to the right .
I steered left gingerly , hoping to raise the right wing just enough to return to straight flight .
The pen seemed to stabilize in its new direction .
I renewed the swing , shoving the pen again directly toward the panel .
It soon confirmed that the airplane had indeed leveled its wings .
After the compass settled , it showed that I had turned twenty degrees to the right .
Lowering the left wing cautiously , watching the pen swing to the right , I crept back to my original heading .
Later , when I tried to make a large turn , I spiraled and had to peek at the gyroscopes .
But with the wings level again I flew on for miles , learning to work with the swinging pen .
Trust comes slowly in the indication of turns .
It is a peculiar faith that makes the world so small .
Copyright © 1993 by William Langewiesche .
All rights reserved .
The Atlantic Monthly ; December 1993 ; The Turn ; Volume 272 , No. 6 ; pages 115 - 122 .
Selina Scott BBC sexism and ageism dossier ' will trigger revolution at broadcaster '
Veteran broadcaster Selina Scott , who has compiled a dossier into the ' malign sexism and ageism against women ' at the BBC , claims it ' will trigger nothing short of a revolution within Television Centre ' .
Once the ' golden girl ' of the corporation , the 59 - year - old says her report , which has been sent to boss Sir Michael Lyons ' will shock any fair - minded person ' .
Miss Scott , who began presenting the ITN News at Ten in 1982 , and also launched the BBC's Breakfast , began her research following the departures of high profile presenters such as Moira Stuart , Anna Ford and Arlene Phillips .
She claims that older female workers in broadcasting feel they have a ' best by date ' .
Ageism crusade : Selina Scott said the report delivered to BBC Trust chairman Sir Michael Lyons last week would ' shock any fair - minded person '
The former newsreader says she was told she will be ' treated forever like a leper by the broadcasting industry ' for taking action against Channel Five for ageism .
In 2008 , Miss Scott won a landmark £ 250,000 out - of - court settlement from Channel Five in 2008 after she was dropped from news presenting because of her age .
She successfully sued the broadcaster for age discrimination , claiming she had been told she was ' too old ' to replace Natasha Kaplinsky during her maternity leave .
But she has since experienced a ' final rejection ' from both the BBC and ITV , saying : ' I experienced in this period a disregarding , unthinking , almost casual maiming which leaves women like me with their confidence and career in tatters but which is done in a sly and at times almost unspoken and Machiavellian way .
Ageism victims : TV presenter Arlene Phillips ( left ) and newsreader Moira Stuart ( right ) were also pushed aside by the public broadcaster
' You are rarely told outright you are wanted .
There is never a conversation .
It seems to be conducted by whispers in corridors .
It 's insidious , cowardly , and unworthy of the great traditions of a public broadcaster like the BBC . '
In the report , compiled with charity Age UK and legal firm Equal Justice , Miss Scott says the BBC Trust must order an inquiry into ageism against women .
Heyday : Selina Scott on the set of Breakfast Time in the 1980s
' The dossier contains an exhaustive account of blatant and sometimes malign sexism and ageism against women within what is probably the major tastemaker and social arbiter in Britain , ' she writes .
Despite a 1998 investigation by Age Concern which revealed ' older men ' far outnumbered their female counterparts on BBC screens - by 72 per cent compared to just 28 per cent - not much has changed in the ensuing decade argues Miss Scott .
If anything , sexism and ageism has worsened she says .
' What happened to this report and what has happened on our screens since ? ' asks Miss Scott .
' Nothing .
The obsession with youth and rejection of older women in television have increased . '
BBC bosses are currently facing an age discrimination case from Miriam O'Reilly , 52 , after her departure as a host of Countryfile .
And BBC1 had thousands of complaints when it replaced Miss Phillips , 66 , as a Strictly Come Dancing judge with singer Alesha Dixon , 31 .
Writing in The Daily Telegraph , she once again hit out at some of the BBC 's most successful female presenters and executives , labelling Anne Robinson ' Cruella de Vil ' and the panellists on Loose Women as ' gossiping harpies ' .
She claims Miss Robinson has shamelessly transformed herself into a caricature like the Disney character in a bid to overcome institutional ageism at the corporation .
There are also harsh words for Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt , who she claims promised to champion the report when he was in opposition , but now refuses to become involved .
The Tiny Titans Meet Meet Little Archie and Pals
Best Team - Up Ever ?
So , what 's the best crossover team - up ever ?
JLA and the Avengers ?
Maybe .
Superman & Spider - Man ?
Possibly .
But those pale in comparison to the announcement of the Tiny Titans and Little Archie team - up .
Art Baltazar and Franco will unite these two comic book power - house teams in one awesome book overflowing with fun .
Here 's what Baltazar and Franco had to say on the DC Comics : The Source blog :
“ I ca n’t believe I get to say AW YEAH TITANS !
But now I get to say AW YEAH LIL ’ ARCHIE too !!!! ”
Franco said . “ This is so cool cause for years I ’ve been searching for Pop ’s Chok ’lit Shoppe !
I ’ve always wanted to challenge Jughead to an eating contest !
I ’ve been a fan of comics for years and whenever there was a cross over of characters in epic proportions I was there .
The chance to work on this historic crossover been Archie and the gang AND the Titans is right up there in the sense of epicness !!!
We finally get to find out how these guys meet and interact and what Archie will look like with a cape and what Robin looks like with a sweater ?
Popular mainstream is going to go all laughs with this one !
AW YEAH HISTORIC !! ”
“ Aw Yeah Titans !!!
Aw Yeah Archie !!!
Wow ! ” said Baltazar .
“ What an historic crossover of Golden Age proportions !
When I was asked to design Little Archie characters for a possible crossover , I was speechless !
This is HUGE !
Historical !
Two of the biggest and awesomest Comic Companies teaming up for the first time … EVER !!!!
It 's an honor to be part of the Crossover Event of the New Comic Millennium !
AW YEAH All Ages All the TIME !!! ”
I want to know who Little Archie will like more - Supergirl or Wonder Girl ?
Pick up Tiny Titans / Little Archie # 1 in October .
Americans fighting the war in Afghanistan have long harbored strong suspicions that Pakistan ’s military spy service has guided the Afghan insurgency with a hidden hand , even as Pakistan receives more than $ 1 billion a year from Washington for its help combating the militants , according to a trove of secret military field reports made public Sunday .
The documents , made available by an organization called WikiLeaks , suggest that Pakistan , an ostensible ally of the United States , allows representatives of its spy service to meet directly with the Taliban in secret strategy sessions to organize networks of militant groups that fight against American soldiers in Afghanistan , and even hatch plots to assassinate Afghan leaders .
Taken together , the reports indicate that American soldiers on the ground are inundated with accounts of a network of Pakistani assets and collaborators that runs from the Pakistani tribal belt along the Afghan border , through southern Afghanistan , and all the way to the capital , Kabul .
Much of the information — raw intelligence and threat assessments gathered from the field in Afghanistan — cannot be verified and likely comes from sources aligned with Afghan intelligence , which considers Pakistan an enemy , and paid informants .
Some describe plots for attacks that do not appear to have taken place .
But many of the reports rely on sources that the military rated as reliable .
While current and former American officials interviewed could not corroborate individual reports , they said that the portrait of the spy agency ’s collaboration with the Afghan insurgency was broadly consistent with other classified intelligence .
Some of the reports describe Pakistani intelligence working alongside Al Qaeda to plan attacks .
Experts cautioned that although Pakistan ’s militant groups and Al Qaeda work together , directly linking the Pakistani spy agency , the Directorate for Inter - Services Intelligence , or ISI , with Al Qaeda is difficult .
The records also contain firsthand accounts of American anger at Pakistan ’s unwillingness to confront insurgents who launched attacks near Pakistani border posts , moved openly by the truckload across the frontier , and retreated to Pakistani territory for safety .
The behind - the - scenes frustrations of soldiers on the ground and glimpses of what appear to be Pakistani skullduggery contrast sharply with the frequently rosy public pronouncements of Pakistan as an ally by American officials , looking to sustain a drone campaign over parts of Pakistani territory to strike at Qaeda havens .
Administration officials also want to keep nuclear - armed Pakistan on their side to safeguard NATO supplies flowing on routes that cross Pakistan to Afghanistan .
This month , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , in one of the frequent visits by American officials to Islamabad , announced $ 500 million in assistance and called the United States and Pakistan “ partners joined in common cause . ”
The reports suggest , however , that the Pakistani military has acted as both ally and enemy , as its spy agency runs what American officials have long suspected is a double game — appeasing certain American demands for cooperation while angling to exert influence in Afghanistan through many of the same insurgent networks that the Americans are fighting to eliminate .
Behind the scenes , both Bush and Obama administration officials as well as top American commanders have confronted top Pakistani military officers with accusations of ISI complicity in attacks in Afghanistan , and even presented top Pakistani officials with lists of ISI and military operatives believed to be working with militants .
Benjamin Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , said that Pakistan had been an important ally in the battle against militant groups , and that Pakistani soldiers and intelligence officials had worked alongside the United States to capture or kill Qaeda and Taliban leaders .
Still , he said that the “ status quo is not acceptable , ” and that the havens for militants in Pakistan “ pose an intolerable threat ” that Pakistan must do more to address .
“ The Pakistani government — and Pakistan ’s military and intelligence services — must continue their strategic shift against violent extremist groups within their borders , ” he said .
American military support to Pakistan would continue , he said .
Several Congressional officials said that despite repeated requests over the years for information about Pakistani support for militant groups , they usually receive vague and inconclusive briefings from the Pentagon and C.I.A .
Nonetheless , senior lawmakers say they have no doubt that Pakistan is aiding insurgent groups .
“ The burden of proof is on the government of Pakistan and the ISI to show they do n’t have ongoing contacts , ” said Senator Jack Reed , a Rhode Island Democrat on the Armed Services Committee who visited Pakistan this month and said he and Senator Carl Levin of Michigan , the committee chairman , confronted Pakistan ’s prime minister , Yousaf Raza Gilani , yet again over the allegations .
Such accusations are usually met with angry denials , particularly by the Pakistani military , which insists that the ISI severed its remaining ties to the groups years ago .
An ISI spokesman in Islamabad said Sunday that the agency would have no comment until it saw the documents .
Pakistan ’s ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , said , “ The documents circulated by WikiLeaks do not reflect the current on - ground realities . ”
The man the United States has depended on for cooperation in fighting the militants and who holds most power in Pakistan , the head of the army , Gen. Parvez Ashfaq Kayani , ran the ISI from 2004 to 2007 , a period from which many of the reports are drawn .
American officials have frequently praised General Kayani for what they say are his efforts to purge the military of officers with ties to militants .
American officials have described Pakistan ’s spy service as a rigidly hierarchical organization that has little tolerance for “ rogue ” activity .
But Pakistani military officials give the spy service ’s “ S Wing ” — which runs external operations against the Afghan government and India — broad autonomy , a buffer that allows top military officials deniability .
American officials have rarely uncovered definitive evidence of direct ISI involvement in a major attack .
But in July 2008 , the C.I.A. ’s deputy director , Stephen R. Kappes , confronted Pakistani officials with evidence that the ISI helped plan the deadly suicide bombing of India ’s Embassy in Kabul .
From the current trove , one report shows that Polish intelligence warned of a complex attack against the Indian Embassy a week before that bombing , though the attackers and their methods differed .
The ISI was not named in the report warning of the attack .
Another , dated August 2008 , identifies a colonel in the ISI plotting with a Taliban official to assassinate President Hamid Karzai .
The report says there was no information about how or when this would be carried out .
The account could not be verified .
General Linked to Militants
Lt. Gen. Hamid Gul ran the ISI from 1987 to 1989 , a time when Pakistani spies and the C.I.A. joined forces to run guns and money to Afghan militias who were battling Soviet troops in Afghanistan .
After the fighting stopped , he maintained his contacts with the former mujahedeen , who would eventually transform themselves into the Taliban .
And more than two decades later , it appears that General Gul is still at work .
The documents indicate that he has worked tirelessly to reactivate his old networks , employing familiar allies like Jaluluddin Haqqani and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , whose networks of thousands of fighters are responsible for waves of violence in Afghanistan .
General
Gul is mentioned so many times in the reports , if they are to be believed , that it seems unlikely that Pakistan ’s current military and intelligence officials could not know of at least some of his wide - ranging activities .
For example , one intelligence report describes him meeting with a group of militants in Wana , the capital of South Waziristan , in January 2009 .
There , he met with three senior Afghan insurgent commanders and three “ older ” Arab men , presumably representatives of Al Qaeda , who the report suggests were important “ because they had a large security contingent with them . ”
The gathering was designed to hatch a plan to avenge the death of “ Zamarai , ” the nom de guerre of Osama al - Kini , who had been killed days earlier by a C.I.A. drone attack .
Mr. Kini had directed Qaeda operations in Pakistan and had spearheaded some of the group ’s most devastating attacks .
The plot hatched in Wana that day , according to the report , involved driving a dark blue Mazda truck rigged with explosives from South Waziristan to Afghanistan ’s Paktika Province , a route well known to be used by the insurgents to move weapons , suicide bombers and fighters from Pakistan .
In a show of strength , the Taliban leaders approved a plan to send 50 Arab and 50 Waziri fighters to Ghazni Province in Afghanistan , the report said .
General Gul urged the Taliban commanders to focus their operations inside Afghanistan in exchange for Pakistan turning “ a blind eye ” to their presence in Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
It was unclear whether the attack was ever executed .
No State Solution
The Israeli government is threatening to stop a flotilla of ships that carry supplies and activists who intend to land in Gaza .
Israel has blockaded Gaza since Hamas gained control of the area in 2007 .
Israeli authorities allow only a limited amount of food and medicine into Gaza , causing economic stagnation and harm to those who cannot afford expensive smuggled items .
It also severely impairs construction of vital infrastructure , including that destroyed during Israel ’s 2008 - 2009 attack on Gaza .
Denouncing the importation of supplies as support for Hamas , Israeli officials have said the navy will divert the ships .
This does n’t mean that Hamas are good guys either .
An organization full of religious extremists that makes deliberate attacks on civilian centers does n’t get to be the hero .
Of course , Jews and Muslims are not fated to be hostile toward one another .
As Jason Adams notes in “ Nonwestern Anarchisms , ” Palestinians and Jewish immigrants in the early 20th Century were involved in an anarchist movement that called for the peaceful coexistence of individuals of different religious and ethnic backgrounds .
More recently , Anarchists Against the Wall and the International Solidarity Movement have engaged in international action against Israeli policy .
It is in establishing and maintaining government , forcibly institutionalizing the statuses of superior and inferior , that violence becomes necessary .
Rather than argue through the United Nations bureaucracy and international power games , the activist flotilla is engaging in direct action .
They are directly moving to effect changes without asking permission from officials .
Doing such a huge public action raises awareness of what is happening and may force concessions from state leaders .
One could also engage in direct action that is underground , not public .
The smuggling tunnels into Gaza might offer a clue into this kind of activity .
But the tunnels are problematic from an anarchist perspective – smuggling is used to raise tax revenue for Hamas and bring in prison building materials .
But they do allow the economy to function , which will raise the demand for services that poor Gazans can provide .
The long - term solution is to abolish all states and wannabe - states , and the monopolies and privileges that they enable .
But in the meantime , people have to eat nutritiously , hospitals have to be built , and infrastructure needs to be maintained to enable the improvement of life .
Direct action might not immediately get the goods , but it does force the hand of politicians , show that people can act regardless of the political obstacles placed in their way , and give teeth to demands that politicians cannot dismiss with parliamentary wand - waving .
Built for the " presentation , " in which prisoners ' cuts filled cups with blood , an ancient chamber has emerged in Peru with burials intact .
WriteRoom or DarkRoom is a simple FullScreen distraction - free workspace that some writers like .
There are a number of packages that provide a similar experience in Emacs .
Alternatively , you could use the code below to configure your own version and make Emacs work similarly by getting rid of all the distractions .
Specialized modes
Full Screen
Requirements : wmctrl shell command .
Modified from FullScreen :
( defun switch - full - screen ( &optional ii ) ( interactive " p " ) ( if (> ii 0 ) ( shell - command " wmctrl -r :ACTIVE : - badd , fullscreen " ) ) ( if ( < ii 0 ) ( shell - command " wmctrl -r :ACTIVE : - bremove , fullscreen " ) ) ( if ( equal ii 0 ) ( shell - command " wmctrl -r :ACTIVE : - btoggle , fullscreen " ) ) )
Dark Room
Requirements : color - themes.el is used for the green on black retro theme .
Set the mode ( from the thread http://ubuntuforums.org/showthread.php?p=1235260 ) :
( defun darkroom - mode ( ) " Make things simple - looking by removing decoration and choosing a simple theme . " ( interactive ) ( switch - full - screen 1 ) ( color - theme - retro - green ) ( setq left - margin 10 ) ( menu - bar - mode - 1 ) ( tool - bar - mode - 1 ) ( scroll - bar - mode - 1 ) ( set - face - foreground ' mode - line " gray15 " ) ( set - face - background ' mode - line " black " ) ( auto - fill - mode 1 ) )
Cancel the mode
( defun darkroom - mode - reset ( ) ( interactive ) ( switch - full - screen - 1 ) ( color - theme - subtle - hacker ) ( menu - bar - mode 1 ) ( tool - bar - mode 1 ) ( scroll - bar - mode 1 ) ( set- left- margin 0 ) )
One feature of WriteRoom that this does not have a live WordCount on the statusbar .
See WordCount ’s reference to word - count.el for this feature .
In a Frame
The following code maximizes the new frame on Windows and uses the fullscreen frame parameter for other systems .
The new frame has no scroll bar , no tool bar , no menu bar , no minibuffer ( it uses the minibuffer of your old frame ) , no fringe , and some internal border .
It opens your NOTES file and gets rid of the modeline .
Unfortunately I have not found a ways of doing this for all buffers in a frame .
Instead , it only works for the current buffer – the NOTES file .
All other buffers in this frame will get their modeline back .
This tries to create a fullscreen frame , and sends the magic code on Windows to maximize .
( defun write - room ( ) " Make a frame without any bling . " ( interactive ) ( let ( ( frame ( make - frame '( ( minibuffer . nil ) ( vertical - scroll - bars . nil ) ( left - fringe .
0 ) ( right - fringe .
0 ) ( background - mode . dark ) ( background - color . " black " ) ( foreground - color . " green " ) ( cursor - color . " green " ) ( border - width .
0 ) ( border - color . " black " ) ( internal - border - width .
64 ) ( cursor - type . box ) ( menu - bar - lines .
0 ) ( tool - bar - lines .
0 ) ( mode- line - format . nil ) ( fullscreen . fullboth ) ( unsplittable . t ) ) ) ) ) ( select - frame frame ) ( find - file " ~/ NOTES " ) ( setq mode - line - format nil ) ( when ( fboundp ' w32-send-sys- command ) ( w32-send-sys - command 61488 frame ) ) ) )
To get rid of the ModeLine in all buffers , try this : ( setq - default mode - line - format nil ) – WilliamXu
OS related things
In MS Windows
See darkroom - mode for a slightly more advanced version with multi-monitor support , etc .
Using in Aquamacs
I used WriteRoom with the Firefox “ It ’s all text ! ” add - in for wiki-editing , but I have now switched over to Aquamacs .
I have it running fullscreen with Shift - CMD - A , and I ’ve changed the default colors to a black background .
But there are still some artifacts around the screen .
Even without any buttons , the toolbar is still visible .
The command pane at the bottom is also there .
Would it be possible to have some sort just - the - text - ma ’am mode , which could be a black fullscreen with either no -command pane ( unless used ) or one that auto - hides ?
I am a professional writer and the fewer distractions the better .
– DG
Talk
This looks very nice .
Reminds me of the Q10 editor for Windows , which even features typewriter sounds . 😊
Related
CategoryWriting
Planning a Catholic wedding
From “ yes ” to “ I do ” and beyond , Catholic Wedding Help provides a complete , straightforward and faithful step - by - step guide to planning your Catholic wedding .
From learning how to build a foundation with marriage preparation at your parish to the many details of a nuptial Mass , these are resources you wo n’t find on a typical wedding planning site .
Scripture readings , music , vows , family roles , programs , the reception … you ’ll find it all here at Catholic Wedding Help .
Start with the links below .
You can use our step - by - step checklist , reference frequently asked questions or even browse by topic .
1. Getting engaged
2. Contacting your parish
3 . Preparing for a lifelong marriage
4 . Setting the date of your wedding
5 . Choosing the form of your wedding
6. Choosing Scripture readings
advertisement
7. Choosing music
8. Choosing vows
9 . Choosing roles for family and friends
10 . Choosing other liturgical elements
11 . Creating a program for your guests
12 . Dealing with the details
13 .
The reception , honeymoon , and happily ever after ...
More ...
What are the rules and requirements for a Catholic wedding ?
If one of us is Catholic and one is not , what are our wedding ceremony options ?
Can we have our wedding outdoors ?
Can we use popular , non-religious music in our wedding ?
Top 10 Catholic wedding pages 1 in 2 visitors will read one of our Top 10 Pages during their visit .
We hope you will find them useful , too .
Can we get married in the Church if we are already living together ?
Will the Catholic Church recognize the marriage of a Catholic to a baptized Christian of another faith ?
I am attending a Catholic wedding , but I am not Catholic .
What can I expect ?
Can non-Catholics receive communion at our Catholic wedding ?
More ...
Order of a Roman Catholic wedding Mass
Order of a Catholic wedding outside Mass
Catholic wedding readings
Catholic wedding vows
Catholic wedding music
Catholic wedding program
Catholic wedding procession
Additional resources
More ...
Suspected water thief leaves Suffolk village dry Published duration 25 July 2010
A water company is trying to trace a thief it believes is tapping into a Suffolk village 's supply leaving residents high and dry without warning .
Anglian Water has been called in by residents at Ingham after complaints that showers and taps suddenly run dry for up to 45 minutes at a time .
The parish council said the problem had been going on for several weeks .
Some residents have called out plumbers after the sudden drop then rise in pressure affected their combi boilers .
Others have complained about dirty water when the supply returns .
" I was watering my tomato plants and halfway through it just stopped , " said parish council vice - chairman Keith Boswell .
Many people in the village had contacted Anglian Water and were disappointed that nobody from the company attended a parish council meeting last week to discuss the problem , he said .
Fire hydrant suspected
The company is due to meet some residents next week .
" We have only 150 houses in a small village and really we are not big enough to be annoying , " he said .
Mr Boswell said he was curious about Anglian Water 's claim that someone was stealing large quantities of water .
" The fire brigade takes water from the same main and it has no effect , " he said .
An Anglian Water spokesman said the firm was staying in touch with residents while it investigated the source of the problem and would speak to them next week to discuss their concerns .
" Due to the intermittent nature of the supply disruptions , it is our belief that a large amount of water is being taken directly , and illegally , from our water network .
" This could be from a fire hydrant , for instance , " he said .
" We will continue to investigate this and will take the appropriate action to ensure our customers ' supply is not interrupted .
This is our priority . "
Last time , I talked at a high level about the nature and process of magic in DFRPG , both in the game world and in the game mechanics .
This time , I ’m going to take a closer , more detailed look at evocation – what it can do and how it works .
What is evocation ?
This is the magic of the fire blast , of the force shield , of the earthquake and the tidal wave and the tornado – magic tied to the power of the elements .
Evocation is the brute force , quick - and - dirty application of magic .
It happens fast – in a single round – so you do n’t get to apply a lot of finesse , and you do n’t get to draw on outside power sources .
That makes it somewhat limited in what you can do with it , and also very draining to use .
With evocation , you grab hold of a big * chunk of power and slam it into the shape you want , holding it there through pure force of will .
It can be very effective combat magic – indeed , it ’s pretty much the only magic that can be cast in combat * – and a Wizard with decent Conviction and Discipline scores can do more damage than a howitzer .
Or take the damage a howitzer dishes out .
But only for a little while .
Then he or she needs to have a little lie - down .
What can you do with it ?
In the novels , Harry points out time and again that the true measure and power of a Wizard is not his magical ability .
It ’s his knowledge , his resourcefulness , and his creativity .
This is a theme that carries over into the game in a big way , and I was very pleased to see it .
On the surface , evocation looks pretty limited in what you can accomplish with it : you can use it to attack , block , perform a maneuver , or counterspell * .
Each of these things , though , has some surprising depth to the variations available .
It ’s not four things that you can do ; it ’s four categories of things .
Attack
Attacking is taking the energy you can conjure and hitting someone with it .
It is the second most limited use of evocation , and the most straightforward .
Scoop up a brainful of fire , and rub it in somebody ’s face .
Your goal with an evocation attack , as with any attack , is to damage your opponent .
As I mentioned in a previous post , however , while attacks are necessary in combat , you should n’t just keep blasting away at your opponent until he , she , or it goes down .
Given the cost in Mental Stress to using evocations , this is doubly true for magical attacks like this .
But there are some interesting variations you can throw on your attack .
You can spend shifts of power to turn it into an area attack , blasting everyone within a zone , or you can split your shifts of power and targeting roll between multiple opponents , to only damage enemies .
This gives you some very flexible firepower , letting you zap everyone or only select folks .
The big deal with evocation attacks , however , is their damage potential .
Putting together a Weapon : 7 attack with your primary element is pretty easy to do , and that ’s roughly twice the power of a shotgun blast to the face , in game terms .
It outdoes a claymore mine .
And if you tweak your build properly and have the Fate Points , one or two Weapon : 11 attacks are n’t out of the question – you ’ll just pay for them .
Keep in mind , also , that attacks do n’t necessarily have to be physical .
Spirit evocations , in particular , are well - suited to attacking the Mental Stress track of an opponent , but I ’ll talk a little more about this when we get to the elements .
Block
Blocking is taking the energy you can conjure and sticking it in something ’s way .
You can block an incoming attack , or an individual creature ’s actions , or seal off an area to prevent anyone going in , or do pretty much anything that involves you using power to actively interfere with what someone else is doing .
The key to a block is that you ’re trying to prevent something .
Blocks have a little more variety in implementation than attacks : you can do the same sort of thing where you try to cover an entire zone , or where you split the result among different targets , but you can also convert the block to armour , extend its duration beyond the instantaneous , and even use it to interfere with non-physical things , like perception .
So , Harry ’s force shield is a block .
Molly ’s veil is a block .
Harry ’s armoured duster is a block .
Wrapping someone in ghosts to prevent them from moving is a block .
Putting up a mental defense to keep someone from messing with your brain is a block .
Putting fire in the doorway to prevent someone from leaving is a block .
And , like attacks , the strength of the block is determined by how much power you channel into it .
You ’re probably going to be spending more shifts on extras for blocks than you do for attacks , but you can still throw up a pretty effective shield for a few rounds without instantly frying your brain .
Probably .
Maneuver
Performing a maneuver is taking the energy you can conjure and using it to change something around you in a relatively non-invasive way .
This is really using evocation to jockey for advantage in combat , either by removing an impediment to you or by imposing an impediment on your opponent .
That means adding an Aspect to or removing an Aspect from your target .
Maneuvers are where evocation really opens up , and your creativity can work wonders .
The huge variety of things that can be maneuvers is limited only by the imagination and the creativity of the spell caster , and is another chance for the player to express his or her character .
Basic maneuvers are pretty cheap , power - wise .
You need at least three shifts of power for the maneuver to work – more if the target has an opposing rating of Great ( +4 ) or higher .
If you ’re not targeting another character , the amount of power you ’ll need will be something of a judgement call on the part of the GM , but the guidelines are pretty lenient .
You can use your excess power for a number of nice little customizations : affecting an entire zone , affecting multiple targets , and making the Aspect sticky , for example .
It can get pretty easy to rack up the shifts you need if you get greedy , though , so it ’s not always a good idea to pour everything into a single maneuver .
On the other hand , every maneuver costs at least one point of Mental Stress , so if your Discipline can handle it , you might as well pull in a number of shifts equal to your Conviction and use the extra shifts to add some extras .
It all costs the same , up to that point , so the only thing you need to worry about is making your control roll .
Just as I mentioned in the post on combat , maneuvers are where you can realize big gains for your efforts .
With evocation , though , you are limited by that Mental Stress cost , so you need to be careful .
Counterspell
Counterspelling is taking the energy you conjure and using it to attack the structure of another spell .
It ’s really just a special case for the attack action , but is broken out on its own because it can only be targeted at a magical effect , and it can only make that effect go away .
It works just like an attack spell , except what you ’re trying to do is call up enough shifts of power that you can overwhelm the shifts of power in the effect you ’re attacking .
This is an all - or - nothing kind of thing : either you wipe the spell out , or nothing happens .
It works on all types of magic , but the time needed to perform it is ( slightly ) longer than most other evocations , so it ’s not going to be very useful to dispel the fireball that the sorcerer has just launched at your head .
Well , you can try , I guess .
The catch is that , unless you take a second to make an assessment on the spell you ’re targeting , you ’re just guessing how much power is needed .
If you you do n’t call up at least as many shifts of power as are in the targeted spell , you ’ve just wasted your time and some of your energy .
And if you call up too much , you ’ve got the standard control issues .
You can make an assessment roll as a free action using your Lore to tell how many shifts of power you ’ll need , but that takes a split second , and by then your eyebrows are gone .
So , for the most part , you ’re going to be using counterspells against ongoing effects , like blocks or maneuvers or thaumaturgical effects .
Counterspells only do one thing , but they do it very well .
How does it work ?
So , that ’s what you can do .
How do you do it ?
Well , I covered the basics last time , but let ’s go through things in a little more detail .
Spell Construct Phase
First you need to decide what you want to do and how to do it .
Within the game world , this is essentially creating the spell construct in your mind .
Within the game , you pick whether you want to attack , block , maneuver , or counterspell , and what element you ’re using .
You also get to decide on the jazz of the effect : what it looks like , what you do to make it happen , things like that .
The jazz is important – do n’t neglect it .
It may not necessarily have a game effect * , but you should play it up because it gives you a few seconds to spotlight your character and the way he or she does things .
Use the opportunity to add cool to your character .
Keep in mind all the variations that you want on the spell , and what sort of dramatic impact you want it to make as you describe what you ’re trying to do .
Sweeping a wave of flame over a mob of goblins looks and feels very different , and is different mechanically , than targeting a dragon with a focused beam of pure righteous anger .
Drawing Power Phase
Once you know what you want to do , you need to calculate the power you ’re going to need .
For evocations , this is generally pretty easy : maneuvers require three shifts minimum , plus whatever extra shifts you want to add to make it harder to resist , or make the Aspect last longer .
Everything else , the power is split between the power of the effect ( as weapon or block rating ) and any extras you ’re adding , like multiple targets or longer duration .
Mechanically , this is the most complex part of casting an evocation , as you try and balance the amount of power you can channel without hurting yourself ( determined by Conviction ) versus the amount of power you can easily control ( determined by Discipline and a dice roll ) versus how much stamina you have ( determined by your Mental Stress track and consequences ) versus how much power you need ( determined by what you ’re trying to accomplish ) .
Controlling Power and Targeting Phase
Once you commit to the amount of power you ’re using and how it ’s going to be split , you make a Discipline roll to control the power .
You need the roll to meet or exceed the number of shifts of power that you ’re using – failing means that some or all of the shifts of power are uncontrolled .
The amount of uncontrolled power is the difference between the roll you needed * and the result of the roll .
So , if you ’re channeling a Great amount of power ( 4 shifts ) , and the result of your Discipline roll is Average ( +1 ) , you ’ve got three shifts of uncontrolled power .
This is where things can really start to hurt * .
You get to decide what to do with the uncontrolled shifts of power .
One option is to take backlash , where the energies rip through you , but you manage to focus them into the spell anyway , getting the result you want .
You also take a hit to either your Mental or Physical stress track equal to the number of uncontrolled shifts of power – in this case , a three - point hit .
While you get to choose which track you take the hit on , you ca n’t split the hit between tracks .
You can , of course , take consequences as usual to offset the stress hit partially or entirely .
The power still goes into the spell , however ; you get the result you wanted , but it cost you a little more than you had planned on .
A second option is to let the power spill out of you as fallout , running loose in the area around you , messing with your stuff .
You take no damage * , but the environment is n’t so lucky .
What you ’re doing here is handing the uncontrolled shifts of power to your GM , making puppy - dog eyes , and racking your brain to try and remember if you ’ve done anything especially upsetting to him or her recently .
The GM gets to decide how to apply the power , maybe by sticking nasty Aspects on the scene and your allies , or maybe just applying stress to unintended targets .
But not to you .
No , you had your chance to be all self - sacrificing , and you gave it up – now you get to watch others pay the price .
The power of the spell is also reduced by the amount of uncontrolled power you let loose as fallout , so it ’s going to work less well , if at all , on top of everything else .
With three shifts of uncontrolled power , the GM has enough to put an Aspect on the scene or a character ( need 3 shifts for a maneuver ) , or blast another character with a 3 - stress hit* , or even targeting all characters in the zone with a 1 - stress hit ( 1 shift of power for a Weapon : 1 attack , 2 shifts to target the zone ) .
The third option is to split the amount of uncontrolled power between the two options , taking some as backlash and giving some away as fallout .
This gives you most of the disadvantages of both choices , without all of the benefits , but sometimes it ’s the way you have to go to keep the spell power from falling below a minimum threshold , or because you can only absorb so much damage before dropping , or any number of other reasons .
You get to decide how to split the uncontrolled shifts of power , and this can be a pretty important decision .
It ’s also another opportunity to show what kind of person your character is .
But enough about failure .
What about success ?
Well , if your Discipline roll is successful , you control the power and you get the spell off , and it works the way you want it to .
For attacks and maneuvers , this Discipline roll is also the targeting roll * – your result is the difficulty that the target has to beat with a defense roll to avoid the effects of the spell .
If they can beat your targeting roll , they effectively get out of the way and the attack or maneuver fails .
If they ca n’t beat it , you hit them with the spell , and they get stuck with the Aspect or take damage from the attack .
Damage
Calculating damage from a spell is the same as calculating the damage from any other weapon , with one little twist : the weapon rating is based on the shifts of power in the spell .
So , if you use 4 shifts of power in the attack , you ’re attacking with a Weapon : 4 .
The formula for damage is :
targeting roll in shifts – defense roll in shifts + weapon rating
So , if your targeting roll is Great ( +4 ) , and the defense roll is Fair ( +2 ) , and you ’re using a Weapon : 3 ( 3 shifts of power in the evocation ) , you do a total of ( 4 - 2+3 ) 5 shifts of damage .
That means a 5 - stress hit to the target , which is enough to get anyone ’s attention .
Simple *.
Rotes
Rotes deserve special mention .
These are spells that your character has learned well enough that he or she can essentially cast them in his or her sleep .
What this means in the game world is that the character has the spell so thoroughly practiced that he or she can fling it off with but a thought , and with almost no effort .
In game terms , you never have to make a Discipline roll to control the power of a rote .
It ’s assumed that you ’ve rolled a 0 on the dice , so you automatically control a number of shifts of power equal to your Discipline .
This is a valuable resource , so pick your rotes wisely – you only get a number of rotes equal to your Lore skill rating .
I suggest trying to pick an attack rote , a block rote , and a couple of maneuver rotes .
That gives you a nice arsenal of combat magic that you can rely on .
With rote attacks , you still need to make a Discipline roll to target the spell , so it ’s not all gravy – a rote spell does not guarantee a hit .
Elements
So , I mentioned earlier that evocation is tied to the elements .
Elements are really just the physical * manifestations of the power you ’re tossing around with evocation – as the rules say , it ’s hard to visualize using the ramifications of thermonuclear force to harm a target , but easy to visualize a blast of flame burning someone .
Because magic exists first and primarily in the mind of the spellcaster , they tend to categorize the forces they ’re playing with in easy - to - conceptualize forms , thus being able to pull off a quick attack or block without having to parse from an abstract equation to a concrete effect .
Most spellcasters use the standard Greek elements : air , earth , fire , water , and spirit .
There is a note in the rules , though , talking about how some casters use concepts based on other traditions : Listens To Wind probably uses elemental associations based on the Native American medicine wheel concepts , and Ancient Mai probably uses one of the Chinese elemental groupings .
There ’s no reason your character can’t use a different set of elements and associations , too – subject , as always , to GM approval .
What you ’re looking for in a set of elements is a combination of physical manifestation – fire is gouts of flame , air is blasts of wind , etc. – with a range of non-physical associations – fire is purification , air is motion , etc .
The write - up of the various elements in Your Story covers the five Greek elements very nicely , showing what you can and ca n’t do with them .
This is the kind of detail you want to establish if you ’re using a different set of elements .
One thing to keep in mind with elements is that there are multiple ways to interpret and parse the same effect for different elements .
Lightning , as a sidebar in the rulebook points out , can reasonably be created using air or earth , and in Storm Front , Harry associates it with fire , so you ’ve got three of five elements covering it .
If you want to freeze water , you can do it using water evocation , or fire evocation to draw all the heat from it , or earth or air to apply cold to it .
If you want something to explode , fire can do that , but so can the erosive power of water working on the forces holding the object together , or air expanding inside it , or earth causing the polarities of the molecular bonds to repel each other , or spirit causing the anima of the components to fly apart .
Thinking of creative ways to use your elemental powers to perform a wide range of effects is a fun exercise in creativity and tactics .
It also can tell people a lot about your character : someone who just uses fire to burn things is different from someone who uses fire to heal by sterilizing a wound .
As I ’ve pointed out before , Harry says often enough in the books that the real measure of a Wizard is his or her knowledge and resourcefulness , so look for ways to apply the tools you have to the problem at hand .
Using Evocation Effectively
Everything above makes evocation look pretty straightforward , and it is .
But there are some important things to remember when using evocation , and some non-intuitive things you can do to maximize the effectiveness of your spells .
Watch Your Mental Stress
This is the battery that powers your evocations , and you take a minimum 1 - stress hit every time you use an evocation .
If you ’ve got a Great ( +4 )
Conviction skill – not unreasonable in a spellcaster character – you can toss out a maximum four evocations in a single combat without having to worry about consequences .
This number goes down if you pull in more power on any of your evocations than your Conviction rating .
That ’s a tough limiting factor , so you need to be aware of it .
Good news is that , if you have a little time after using an evocation to catch your breath , the stress goes away .
Consequences will take longer , so that ’s another factor that you have to budget carefully .
Bad news is that fallout can really drain your battery quickly if you take the hits to the Mental Stress track .
It ’s very worthwhile considering dumping fallout damage into the Physical Stress track to keep your Mental Stress track available for pumping out the magics .
Of course , in the middle of combat , you may have other things eating up your Physical Stress boxes , so it ’s a delicate balancing act .
Every time you look at using an evocation , you have to make sure you get the biggest bang you can out of it , because you only get to toss a few around before things start looking grim for the home team .
So husband them , using them when they ’ll do the most good .
Do n’t Neglect the Non-Physical Correspondences of Your Elements
Fire is great for purifying , water is great for eroding , earth is great for strengthening , air is great for thinking , and spirit is great for emotions .
Any of these can be used in non-physical form as an evocation – attack , block , maneuver , or counterspell .
In particular , look for opportunities to attack physically tough opponents in their Mental Stress track – it ’s likely less robust than their physical one .
It ’s also a good place to kick enemy spellcasters – they probably have better mental defenses , but any hit takes away some of the battery they can use to attack you back with evocation .
Attacking someone ’s Mental Stress track is a good way to avoid an accidental First Law violation : you ’re less likely to kill someone that way .
But you need to be careful about the type of attack to avoid a Third or Fourth Law violation .
This can have unpleasant consequences for your character , though it can also provide some interesting drama and roleplaying .
Prepare
If you ’ve got some time before going into battle , gird your loins .
Take a little time to employ some maneuvers to stick Aspects on yourself that you can use in the combat to come .
This is a common stock scene in books and movies , and works great as a little montage over the soundtrack of your favourite ’ 80s power ballad .
Some suggestions :
Assemble a pouch of little charms that can help your spellcasting .
Resources skill to add the Aspect : Magic Charms .
Spend a little time ritually purifying yourself .
Discipline skill to add the Aspect : Ritually Purified .
Paint warding runes and sigils on your hands and face .
Lore skill to add the Aspect : Runes of Warding .
Scout the battlefield .
Stealth skill to add the Aspect : I Know the Terrain .
Do some research on your opponent .
Scholarship to add the Aspect : I Know Their Tricks .
These give you some nice free invocations to use when you need them in combat , making sure that when you use one of your precious and limited evocations , it ’s more likely to be worth it .
In addition , it ’s not a bad idea to use some thaumaturgic rituals to enhance your effectiveness .
Veils , armour , enchanted weapons , a bandoleer of potions , and so forth , can go a long way to making sure you ’re ready for anything .
Maneuver , Maneuver , Maneuver
Evocation maneuvers cost Mental Stress just like every other evocation , but mundane maneuvers cost you nothing but time .
Come up with maneuvers in combat to help you land your evocations and maximize their impact .
Some examples :
Snatch a lock of an opponent ’s hair to provide a magical link to your target .
Fists , Athletics , or Weapons skill to add the Aspect : Sympathetic Targeting Link .
Do a mystical medicine dance to attract the attention of the spirits and help you .
Performance skill to add the Aspect : Favour of the Manitou .
Use mystic gestures to carefully weave the spell energy into the form you need .
Athletics skill to add the Aspect : Arcane Arm -Waving .
Shout the names of powerful beings that you have uncovered in your studies to supercharge your spell .
Lore skill to add the Aspect : Power of the Secret Names .
Sneak up behind your target .
Stealth skill to add the Aspect : Blindsided .
Do n’t Forget Your Fate Points
If you ’ve had time to prepare and are taking time in battle to perform maneuvers , you probably have a number of Aspects you can tag for free on a given turn .
Sometimes , though , you really need to push an attack over the top , and that ’s where Fate Points come in .
Failed evocations can really deplete the resources of your character , what with the cost to even attempt them and the potential fallout and backlash , and the limited number of evocations you can cast in a given combat .
If nothing else is going to work , spending a Fate Point to avoid that sort of loss is a good choice .
Or if you think that bolstering this evocation is going to really make the difference in the fight .
Pick Your Battles
Sometimes , the fight just is n’t worth unleashing your magic , either because the enemy can be fairly easily defeated by mundane means , or you know there ’s a tougher battle coming up , or you ’re fighting normal mortals and do n’t want to risk killing them .
It ’s a good idea to have a mundane fighting skill or two to fall back on , and to know when it ’s time to run away and avoid a battle that is just going to deplete your resources without really advancing the plot or your goals .
And if you ca n’t run away , but you do n’t want to fight , and ca n’t afford to waste your magic , concede .
I know , it goes against all the instincts of the experienced gamer to just say , “ I give up .
You win . ”
But if you ’ve taken a consequence or two in the fight up to that point , you get Fate Points , and you also get to decide how you lose .
Maybe , if you ’ve been fighting your way through mooks to get to the big bad , conceding is the way to get captured and presented to the boss , giving you a chance to blast him or her without having exhausted yourself on the minions .
So , that ’s a pretty detailed look at evocation .
We ’re pushing 5000 words with this post , so I ’m gonna stop writing now .
Next time , I ’ll talk about thaumaturgy .
* Or not so big , depending on what you want to do and what your capabilities are .
Back
* I ’m going to do some talking about combat thaumaturgy in the next post in this series .
Back
* There ’s a section in the marginalia of the rules where Billy suggests using it to move , but Harry points out some pretty telling flaws in that plan .
I could see allowing spellcasters to do it , but it ’s pretty much a last - ditch , hail - Mary thing that ’s gonna end badly .
Back
* Though it could , if you roll well and your GM is benevolent .
Or if you roll poorly and your GM is … less benevolent .
Back
* That is , the number of shifts of power you called .
Back
* Though , to be fair , not as much as if you failed a control roll with a thaumaturgic ritual .
Back
* Well , not directly , anyway .
But being stuck in a collapsing building can certainly present opportunities for more damage to come your way .
Back
* If the GM is feeling benevolent , the target may get a defense roll .
Or not .
As one playtest character ’s Aspect puts it , A Wizard ’s Mistakes Are Big And Messy .
Back
* Why is Discipline pressed into double - duty as both the control of the power and the targeting roll rather than something like Athletics or Weapons or Guns ?
I can think of three reasons :
Mechanically , it eliminates another roll in the spellcasting process , thus speeding up play in one of the more complex pieces of system .
Also mechanically , Wizards already need to have three fairly high skills : Conviction , Discipline , and Lore .
Adding another skill as a targeting skill makes it significantly harder for Wizards to have a variety and range of skills , as they would need to optimize a fourth skill to make their character effective in their ( supposedly ) core competencies .
Story - wise , it ’s just cooler to have the Wizard guiding the blast of fire with the force of his or her will .
Back
* Things are slightly less simple with attacking multiple targets , but the essence remains the same .
Back
* Or not so physical , in some cases .
Back
You do n't have to spend any amount of time driving to see people doing really stupid things behind the wheel , but we 're surprised by how many people are having sex while driving .
According to Jabra , which makes phone headsets , 15 percent of people surveyed said they " have performed sex or other sexual acts " while driving .
There 's always the possibility people are claiming they 're getting freaky in traffic to sound cool , but the survey found many drivers are doing more than driving while commuting .
Jabra surveyed 1,800 people in six countries and says the study has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.1 percent .
People might have monkey - wrenched the online survey , but the findings are in line with some we 've heard .
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood calls distracted driving " a deadly epidemic " and says seven out 10 people use cellphones and other gadgets while driving .
He 's working with automakers to address the issue .
As you 'd expect , most of those surveyed – 72 percent – confessed to gobbling McFood or slurping a Frothed Milk Sugar - Laced Coffee - Flavored Beverage while driving .
That 's to be expected when you realize most cars come with more cupholders than seats these days .
Another 35 percent said they 've changed their clothes while driving , a feat we 'd find exceedingly difficult because we drive a compact .
Nearly one in four people admitted doing their hair and 13 percent said they apply makeup .
It never ceases to amaze us when women apply mascara in traffic – putting a sharp object next to your eye while driving is just plain stupid .
Five percent of respondents said they shave behind the wheel .
We 're assuming most of those are men , but we know of at least one case where a woman crashed while shaving her bikini line .
In this connected age , 28 percent of people say they text while driving ( which is illegal in 26 states ) and 12 percent say they read or send e-mail behind the wheel .
Of course , just one - third of respondents are using headsets or other hands - free devices while yakking on their cellphones .
Another 10 percent said they read the paper while driving and 5 percent say they 've played videogames .
“ It is truly unbelievable what people are doing while driving , " said Jonas Forsberg of GN Netcom , which owns Jabra .
" The results of our survey show that so many people are distracted and doing other things while on the road – even though they know the consequences that can occur .
We hope that people will soon understand the implications of these bad behaviors and will change their own behavior accordingly . ”
Yeah .
Good luck with that .
Photo : mutsmuts / Flickr
A recent report by the US Congress has found that private security contractors in Afghanistan are dying at 4.5 times the rate that US soldiers are in the nation .
The report also found that the contractors ’ deaths go virtually unreported internationally .
While most of the contractors are said to have been killed guarding convoys , though the exact details are largely unknown , and the deaths are scarcely investigated .
The number of security contractors has also risen precipitously , from 2,401 in September 2007 to 3,184 in December 2008 .
Since President Obama took office the number as increased more than fourfold , with 13,214 contractors now operating under the Department of Defense .
Despite the fact that there are nearly 100,000 US troops in Afghanistan , the death toll from the much smaller pool of contractors is actually not far from the same .
260 were killed from June 2009 through April 2010 .
There is no reliable data available since then .
“ Gnhhh ! ”
“ Whhhhaaaah ! ”
“ Bah….ah….gahhhhhh … ”
“ Hmmmf ! ”
“ Ehiehhh … ”
“ Mhaemm ! ”
These grunts , sighs , squeals and miscellaneous other vocalizations compose roughly 1/4 of the dialogues in the early hours of Final Fantasy XIII .
One one hand , they ’re to be expected .
Japan is known for its plethora of exclamations and onomatopoeiae .
On the other — at least when translated literally — they make for a poor localization .
These sounds are often louder and longer than their English counterparts , or they simply have no equivalents .
As such , they ’re difficult to remove or replace and are usually left untouched .
They ’ve even become something of an accepted “ quirk ” among the more dedicated fans of Japanese media , but that does n’t mean they ca n’t be handled in a more global - friendly fashion .
As things stand , vocalizations often come across as alien and awkward .
They break the flow of conversation and the suspension of disbelief , and can leave a new audience feeling put off .
Sure , one can always argue for the purity and cultural authenticity of any given product , but that ’s being a bit of a stick in the mud .
Literal translations lack context and social nuances , and those fully familiar with them might as well experience the original versions .
In order to make the products more palatable to a different audience , some things need to change .
FF XIII in particular is a title Square Enix wanted to be a global blockbuster , not just a Japanese game released to a niche audience outside of its home country , so it stands to reason that they ’d want to iron out these kinks .
So how can this be done ?
A couple of points :
If possible , simply remove the exclamations altogether .
The ones that could easily be cut are left in to keep things consistent , but getting rid of them should n’t be an insurmountable issue .
Use local equivalents of the vocalizations if available .
For example , make a character surprised by a hand on his shoulder utter a short “ Huh ? ” instead of the original , “ Mwwwnnhaaa ? ”
Use actual words or sentences for sounds that have no local counterparts .
A character crying out “ Gwahhhhhhhhhhhh ! ” for three seconds after witnessing a car crash could easily be replaced with a quick “ Oh my god ! ”
Meld the exclamations into the speech itself .
I ’m not an expert , but I noticed many of the vocalizations were isolated within the dialogue , whereas in English they ’d part of it , e.g. , “ Mmmm , I do n’t know about thaaaaaaaat . ”
Finally , keep these points in mind when developing the game , and provide the team (s ) with the tools necessary to port it .
Automated lip - synching is already widely used , but I ’m sure other functionality or just the permission to alter the in - game cutscenes would be appreciated .
Of course there are more issues to consider as well — perhaps toning down on the dramatic , clenched - fist poses with characters uttering such phrases as “ I ’ll do my best ! ” — but those are a whole other topic …
Located in one of the hottest neighborhoods in New York City , HELEN MILLS is the perfect place to host your next event .
Featuring a spectacular and versatile 4,000 square foot loft - like Event Space and a special 140 - seat Theater & screening room , your guests will have plenty of space to have a great time and make lasting connections .
The WordPress community is buzzing with excitement over the soon - to - be- released WordPress 3.0 .
Currently in Beta 2 now , WordPress 3.0 will have a lot of exciting new features , such as a new default theme and better menu management .
Quite possibly the most exciting of these features is custom post types .
In this tutorial , we 'll talk about creating and using custom post types to make a rock - solid theme .
What is a Custom Post Type ?
Well , according to the WordPress Codex :
" Post type refers to the various structured data that is maintained in the WordPress posts table .
Custom post types allow users to easily create and manage such things as portfolios , projects , video libraries , podcasts , quotes , chats , and whatever a user or developer can imagine . "
Essentially , it allows us developers to make new kinds of posts similar to the post and page types , which all appear in the main navigation in the WordPress admin .
There are several advantages to this ; most notably , we no longer need plugins to create special types , we can build a theme that relies less on custom fields ( as we know them ) , and they make managing the site easier for clients and non-technical users .
Instead of telling them to create a " post " and make sure to fill in all kinds of custom fields for say , music , we can simply tell them to click " Music " to add a new music post .
Let 's Get Started !
In this tutorial we will :
Create a Custom Post Type for Products with our own inputs
Create a custom " taxonomy " for the type .
Create a theme template to go along with the new type .
Register the Custom Post Type
All of this will be done from within our theme 's functions .
php file .
I 'm modifying the default 3.0 theme , TwentyTen .
The first thing we will do is tell WordPress that we want to register a new custom type .
Here 's the code :
The first line is a hook to tell WordPress that we want to call the function product_register ( ) during initialization .
It 's in that function that we register the new post type .
The function register_post_type ( ) accepts two arguments : the name we want to give our post type , and a list of arguments used to create that post type , which we put in an array called $args .
You can read exactly what all of the arguments are here , but I want to point out the important ones .
label & singular_label :
These are the labels as we want them to appear in the WordPress admin .
' label ' will show up in the admin nav and anywhere that references multiple entries of that type ( Edit Products , for example ) .
' singular_label ' will show up when one of that type is referenced ( Add Product , for example ) .
: These are the labels as we want them to appear in the WordPress admin .
' label ' will show up in the admin nav and anywhere that references multiple entries of that type ( Edit Products , for example ) .
' singular_label ' will show up when one of that type is referenced ( Add Product , for example ) .
capability_type :
This tells WordPress which native type ( post , page , attachment , revision , or nav- menu - item ) the custom type will behave as .
By making it a ' post ' type , we can do things like add it to a category .
: This tells WordPress which native type ( post , page , attachment , revision , or nav- menu - item ) the custom type will behave as .
By making it a ' post ' type , we can do things like add it to a category .
rewrite : Tell WordPress if ( or how ) to apply permalinks formatting .
You can send a boolean as we did , or any array of arguments to apply a custom permalink format to the type .
: Tell WordPress if ( or how ) to apply permalinks formatting .
You can send a boolean as we did , or any array of arguments to apply a custom permalink format to the type .
supports :
This is everything on the add / edit page that will show up .
We want to have a title , editor ( the content ) , and thumbnail images .
Next , we will add our own custom inputs by cleverly masking custom fields as input fields for our custom type .
Adding Our Own Inputs
Let 's add our own custom inputs for our new type .
Since we can now create new post types , we can make the custom fields more streamlined for users that might not be as familiar with WordPress as we are .
It 's worth noting here that this functionality has been available since 2.5 and up until this point , has been used primarily by plugin developers .
Here we are going to add a price field .
Once again , the first couple of lines are hooks to tell WordPress when we want to use certain functions .
The first line says that when the admin panel is initialized , call the function that we wrote , admin_init ( ) .
This function tells WordPress to add an area called " Product Options " to any posts of type ' product ' , and to use the function meta_options ( ) to print the form fields .
You can read more about add_meta_box here .
meta_options ( ) will then get any preexisting custom values and print the form field .
The second action line states that when a post is saved , call our function save_price ( ) , which uses update_post_meta ( ) to add or update a custom field called ' price ' .
Custom Categories and Edit Columns
Our last step in creating a completely custom type is giving unique names to its category and edit column labels .
First , the custom category name , or ' taxonomy ' .
The function we use is register_taxonomy ( ) , which you can find in the codex here ; it has been available since 2.8 .
It 's essentially saying that we want to create a new category type called ' catalog ' which we will associate with the ' product ' type .
The last argument is an array of information similar to what we saw the register_post_type ( ) function .
When all is said and done , we will have the term ' Catalog ' appear beneath our Products menu in the WordPress admin and it will behave like Post Categories do .
Next , we want to create a custom set of columns for our Product type .
The first two lines are hooks to tell WordPress that we want custom columns for the ' product ' type .
The first line says that when printing columns for the product type , use the ones defined in the function prod_edit_columns ( ) .
In prod_edit_columns ( ) , we have a key - value array where the keys are used to reference certain post information , which we define in the second function , prod_custom_columns ( ) .
The values in that array are the column headings .
You might notice that prod_edit_columns ( ) lists five columns , but we only describe display information for three in prod_custom_columns ( ) . ' cb ' and ' title ' are part of a set of default keys that WordPress already has associations for .
WordPress does n't know what the other three are , so it 's up to us to define them .
Making the Theme Template
Not too shabby , right ?
And now we are finally up to the fun part - the theme template .
To make a theme template for a custom post type , we simply name the template single - < post - type - slug >. php and add it to our theme .
In our case , this would be single - product . php .
Here I will show you a snippet of that page that displays all of the information we 've added to our custom post type :
I 've added this code to the Twentyten theme in WordPress 3.0 Beta , as it's the only theme that supports the new functionality - namely the menu system .
I copied the single .
php template , renamed it single - product .php and replaced everything in the ' content ' div with the code above .
To test my code , I went to Themes -> Menus and added our new type to my site 's navigation .
Then , I clicked through to our custom post type .
Wrapping Up
As I said previously , WordPress 3.0 is still in beta ( you can get it here ) ; so there are still some bugs to work out and some things may change in the final version .
The best thing you can do is get in there and play with some of the new features to familiarize yourself with the updates / changes .
From what I 've seen so far , things are looking pretty good !
As it moves from one controversy to the next , Whistleblower site WikiLeaks is rarely out of the news lately .
The site offers thousands of previously confidential documents to download from its own servers resulting in huge bills for bandwidth .
Now in addition to these direct downloads , WikiLeaks is offering both torrent and magnet links .
Earlier this year WikiLeaks , the world ’s largest whistleblower website that allows people to publish uncensored information anonymously , suspended its operations due to problems with funding .
Through donations , by February 6th it had achieved its minimum funding - raising goal and was eventually restored to its former glory .
Although rarely out of the news for long , on 5th April 2010 WikiLeaks grabbed headlines worldwide after releasing a classified US military video “ depicting the indiscriminate slaying of over a dozen people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad — including two Reuters news staff . ”
Yesterday the site was in the spotlight again , after ex-hacker Adrian Lamo ( who Torrent Freak spoke with recently about a movie leak ) admitted that he had informed the authorities who had leaked the so - called “ Collateral Murder ” video to WikiLeaks .
Of course , all this attention leads to big bills for WikiLeaks as it continues to fund the distribution of leaked documents to the world .
Thus far it has carried that out from its own servers but recently it has made a rather interesting addition to its system .
In the ‘ Download ’ section for individual documents , in addition to the usual direct link ‘ FILE ’ ( .zip ) download , two other buttons have been added – ‘ Torrent ’ and ‘ Magnet ’ .
These files are smaller than the most of the documents hosted on WikiLeaks and allow readers to download the material from BitTorrent users around the world , utilizing their bandwidth rather than the site’s .
However , regardless of where the material is stored people will still need to download the .torrent or magnet links in order to access the material .
This would continue to be a problem if WikiLeaks went down due to funding or other more serious problems , such as an attack from a hostile government .
Hosting these links in other places would therefore seem to be a good idea .
But what if there was another hybrid - style option ?
“ What if WikiLeaks was a sort of Wiki-BitTorrent , served by thousands of people around the world running a background process on their computers , ” mused Edward Benson , a Ph.D. student at the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory .
“ No fundraising needed here , it ’s all P2P .
And if the Wiki is maintained WikiPedia style , then we no longer need to pay for a centralized staff to curate it .
Plus , there ’s no centralized staff to kill or jail .
It can be a decentralized , collaborative process , ” Benson noted back in March , before WikiLeaks started added . torrent and magnet links .
However , a full Wiki-BitTorrent type system has its problems .
Without public confidence in the publisher of this leaked information – in this case the established reputation of WikiLeaks – how can anyone be certain that the information they ’re getting from a BitTorrent - type system is actually what it says it is ?
“ If WikiLeaks was P2P , then it could be attacked — poisoned at the infrastructural level by the governments and corporations that do not want to see it succeed .
Even worse , a P2P WikiLeaks could be left standing , but its content could be poisoned with fake and misleading files , ” adds Benson .
Most readers will be familiar will the concept of the fake or useless download .
From the spoofed files uploaded by the RIAA onto shared - folder type file - sharing networks containing nothing but silence or other useless junk , to the malware , renamed or otherwise manipulated files of uncertain origin of today .
With a music or video file this is a minor inconvenience , for a leaked document of global significance and implications , errors or deliberately misleading information would be an unmitigated disaster .
It is here that Benson notes an irony in his analysis of WikiLeaks .
“ What if this experiment in citizen ’s power is successful precisely because it is a dictatorship ? ”
As with the ‘ verified downloads ’ offered by many torrent sites today , it seems that at least for now there is a requirement for a central source of trust to ensure that the material being offered is what it says it is , whether it ’s the recreational business of grabbing media or the world - changing implications of leaked documents .
This Fanpost was promoted to the front page .
Who do you love to hate ?
Who do you want to lose every time they step inside the ring or the cage ?
MMA has a long , rich history with heels like Frank Shamrock , Tank Abbott , Phil Baroni , Tito Ortiz and too many others to count .
Even the most dispassionate , analytical fans still get riled up by certain trash - talking fighters .
So who are the most hated heels in MMA today ?
10 . Chael Sonnen
Chael Sonnen might be trying harder to sell himself as a heel than anyone on this list .
Largely regarded as a boring lay - and - pray fighter before he came to the UFC , he 's reinvented himself in the UFC as the man destined to beat Anderson Silva .
At least , that 's what he 'll tell you .
He 's talked more outlandish trash about Anderson Silva than can be recounted , pitching himself as a savior come to rescue the UFC from the curse of the dancing Brazilian .
In the process , he 's somehow generated a good deal of hype for a fight where the oddsmakers have him as a very large underdog .
Top Moment :
" Ed [ Soares ] , pray to whatever Demon effigy you prance and dance in front of with your piglet tribe of savages that I decide not to CRUCIFY you . "
" He ’s a grown man with earrings .
He ’s a grown man with saggy pants , pink t- shirts and crooked hats .
Go join a gang , do n’t get in the UFC . "
9. Anderson Silva
Anderson Silva joins his UFC 117 opponent on this list due to a string of bizarre fights and condescending remarks made about the fans who buy his fights .
Despite his reputation as the pound for pound best fighter in the world , Anderson Silva does n't have a lot of fans these days .
Three of his last four fights have been incredibly dull snoozers , and his bout against Demian Maia at UFC 112 was even worse .
Silva spent nearly the entire fight taunting Maia , verbally insulting him several times , dancing around the ring , avoiding engagement , and generally making an ass of himself .
He won the fight via unanimous decision , but lost far more than he gained .
Although initially recalcitrant , at the press conference after the fight he claimed he " owed nobody an apology " and " could n't please everyone "
Top Moment :
After dancing and taunting Demian Maia for five rounds : " You know , they ’re here , they ’re fans , they pay for the PPV and sometimes the fans do n’t understand exactly what ’s going on inside the Octagon . "
8. Josh Koscheck
Koscheck has generally taken a heel approach to MMA from day one .
He admits that he does n't particularly care what the fans think of him or what other fighters think of him .
As a result , he 's got a legion of haters , and even Dana White has accused him of not being a team player .
However , despite his generally rude and standoffish behavior , Josh Koscheck 's real introduction into elite heel status came when turned his post fight interview at UFC 113 into a heel promo any pro-wrestler would be proud of .
Note the classic heel techniques of insulting the local sports team as well as the hometown hero .
Top Moment :
7. James Toney
I 'm cheating just a bit to put Toney on this list , because he 's never had an MMA fight .
But because he 's done such a good job getting MMA purists everywhere furious , I 'll stick him at number seven .
Toney seems to have zero respect for any aspect of MMA that is n't boxing , and is n't shy about letting anyone know .
Top moment :
" I do n’t care if Randy Couture is a legend in this sport , I have had a career of knocking guys out in their back yards .
Boxing is the superior science , we are the best .
I am going to show that wrestling and hugging people is for women ... you know that jiu jitsu , all the hugging … it 's for girls . "
6. Frank Mir
Mir simply comes across as an entitled jerk in many of his interviews .
For a man who lost to Brandon Vera , Pe de Pano , and Ian Freeman , he seems to have an awfully high opinion of himself .
He 's constantly talking about how he 's " one of the most dangerous men in the world " or " one of the greatest heavyweights of all time " .
That 's why whenever Mir fights a sizable contingent of fans cheer for him to get pummeled .
Top Moment :
Re : Brock Lesnar before their second fight : " I 'm working on the intricacies of details of maneuvers that he still does n't even know the names of . "
5. Nick Diaz
Nick Diaz is not a typical heel .
He has legions of loyal supporters who love his brash attitude and will follow him wherever he goes .
But he 's also one of the most annoying fighters in MMA for those who do n't like him .
And Nick Diaz is a pro at providing his detractors with plenty of ammunition .
There 's the constant in - cage taunting .
The admitted drug use ( this makes some fans despise him and some love him even more ) .
Losing to Joe Riggs and then cheapshotting him in the hospital .
Strange , rambling verbal assualts on anyone he perceives to disrespect him .
And the infamous Strikeforce : Nashville brawl .
Top Moment :
There are really too many Nick Diaz quotes to choose just one , so instead I 'll use this :
4. Shinya Aoki
Shinya Aoki is at this moment the standard bearer for Japanese MMA .
It 's too bad he's also got a tendency to cry in the ring after losses and taunt his opponents after snapping their limbs .
You'd think that a fighter could only be hated for one general reason , but Aoki manages to gather scorn for being both a bully and a crybaby .
Truly a stunning heel accomplishment .
Top moment :
3. Tito Ortiz
Tito Ortiz is one of MMA 's all - time great heels .
Through a combo of trash talk , arrogance , and talent , Ortiz became one of the UFC 's highest drawing and most disliked fighters .
More than a million people paid to watch Chuck Liddell knock him out .
And for every recent loss , there 's an excuse .
Broken back , cracked skull , you name it and Tito 's used it as an excuse for a loss .
And even in the twilight of his career , Ortiz manages to draw haters like flies to manure .
Top Moment :
It 's hard to pick just one , but this celebration after slamming Evan Tanner unconscious is amazing
2. Brock Lesnar
Brock Lesnar is the most polarizing fighter in MMA today .
It seems everyone either loves to watch him win or yearns to see him lose .
Let 's face it : coming from a pro wrestling background and entering the UFC with one fight to his name , Lesnar was never going to go over as the good guy to traditional MMA fans .
Lesnar embraced the heel role beautifully , taunting Heath Herring cowboy style after his first UFC win , and going berserk after beating Frank Mir in their second fight at UFC 100 .
Lesnar 's caught flack for many , many of his actions and comments , but none can top his post UFC 100 rant where he manages to insult the fans , the sponsors , his opponent , and general decency all in one interview .
I defy you to find a better post fight sequence .
Top Moment :
1. Dana White
A surprise choice at number one !
But if you really stop to think , has there ever been a more hated figure in MMA than Dana White ?
White plays up his public image as the face of the UFC precisely so that he can create controversy and attention for his company .
It 's partly who he is but it's also part of a self - made persona .
His targets are many : Journalists , fighters , promotions , managers , websites , boxing , politicians , and more .
His track record is far too long to list specific instances .
The one thing any educated fan should know is that White is n't saying these things for no reason .
He 's a promoter , and a calculating guy .
He knows exactly how to draw attention with his persona and he 's extremely good at it .
Love him or hate him , you cannot deny that White is the best at his brand of madness , and if he 's making you mad then he 's doing his job .
Top Moment :
It 's unbelievably hard to pick just one Dana White moment , but I think the essence of his persona is summed up perfeclty by this one picture .
The Marlboro cigarette manufacturer Philip Morris International has acknowledged " serious concerns " after activists found children as young as 10 picking tobacco destined for the global company in dismal conditions in a remote region of Kazakhstan .
The US - based Human Rights Watch has documented 72 cases of child labour , ranging in ages from 10 to 17 , on Kazakh farms in the district of Enbekshikazakh , where Philip Morris is the sole purchaser of tobacco .
Hellish Work‚ a study published today , examines the conditions of migrant workers , estimated to number between 300,000 and 1 million , many of whom travel without visas from neighbouring countries such as Kyrgyzstan to seek work in Kazakhstan 's tobacco industry .
Some have their passports confiscated by employers and are only paid at the end of each season in a lump sum , making it hard to escape the harsh conditions .
There were cases of " debt bondage " whereby workers ended a season owing their employers money , and were forced to stay .
Work can last up to 18 hours a day in the heat of July and August .
" The work is extremely physically damaging ; it 's all manual labour , " said Jane Buchanan , the report 's author , speaking to the Guardian from Almaty , the largest city in Kazakhstan .
" People come as families , they work as entire families , and they often do n't get paid for eight or nine months , until the end of the season . "
Cultivating , harvesting and drying tobacco can be an unhealthy business .
Exposure to pesticides and fertilisers can cause sickness , with children being particularly vulnerable .
Researchers found that workers had been given little information about " green tobacco sickness " – an ailment caused by absorption of nicotine through the skin that can cause nausea , weakness and dizziness .
In a statement from its headquarters in Switzerland , Philip Morris said it was grateful to HRW for bringing the problems to its attention and pledged a series of steps , including third - party monitoring , improved training and internal controls and a requirement that farmers had written contracts with all of their workers .
" We are committed to working to prevent child labour , forced labour and other labour abuses in the tobacco supply chain , " said the company , which was spun off by the US multinational Altria two years ago .
Philip Morris 's tobacco supplies from Kazakhstan are used for the company 's local brands in central Asia , Russia and Ukraine , rather than for international names such as Marlboro , Chesterfield or Parliament .
Part 1 : The snare of authenticity
How much should a revival of a typeface look like the original ?
Well , just as with performing an old song — an analogy Matthew Carter has made — there is something you have to like in the original in order want to revive it .
And you ca n’t depart from the original too much , or you lose the charm of the old song that appealed to you in the first place .
But if it is too much like the old versions , it might be stale and dated , irrelevant .
So what do you keep and what do you change ?
And change in what way ?
That ’s the challenge every revivalist faces .
In the process of working on my own revival of Caslon — Williams Caslon — I came to two conclusions about revivals generally .
First , the pursuit of authenticity is a snare and a trap .
Do n’t go there .
Second , particularly if it ’s an old typeface , it ’s going to be harder than you imagined , and you can lose your way in the process .
So you ’d better start with a very clear goal for your revival , and stick to it .
Here ’s the experience that led me to those conclusions .
It all started with an argument with the usual suspects at Typophile.com over the merits of Caslon — or lack of them .
At one point type designer John Hudson wrote , “ Sadly , Adobe Caslon is the only version that is suited to a wide range of typographic application , but it does n’t look like Caslon , so what ’s the point ? ”
At this point , a little bell went off in my head .
I remembered reading Einstein ’s ‘ Autobiographical Notes ’ back in my student days , and of course had to ID the typeface — fortunately , on “ i love typography ” I do n’t have to explain why !
The typeface was Mergenthaler Linotype Caslon Old Face , 12 point .
And it always stuck in my head as having a distinct charm and readability that I never found quite matched in another typeface .
With a warning that visual impression at size in print and on screen are very different , here ’s a bit of the Einstein autobiography :
So when Hudson wrote about how Adobe Caslon did n’t quite do it , I thought : maybe I can capture what I so liked in that Caslon .
So I started drawing , and meanwhile started researching Caslon .
Along the way , I got the facsimile of the big 1766 specimen book of Caslon — originally published just before William Caslon the 1st died — edited with notes by James Mosley .
I also got to talk with Mosley , and got hold of a number of other specimens .
The first thing I learned , which was a little startling , was that there is no such thing as a typeface called “ Caslon . ”
Caslon was , in fact , the person to produce a full range of roman and italic faces at all sizes .
But he was working in the 18th century , and had no concept that different sizes had to match in design .
— That idea only became established in the late 19th century .
Furthermore , he was a kind of revivalist himself , taking as his models faces from different Dutch and English punch cutters .
So his different sizes have quite different designs .
For example , here is his Pica 2 ( 12 point ) :
And here is a large size that Caslon did , the caps about 42 pt :
The serifs on these large characters are pretty heavily bracketed , and rather pointed , while the Pica 2 has very little bracketing , and blunt ends .
The H is narrow here and wide in the Pica 2 , and the C has two spurs , whereas the Pica 2 has one , and on and on .
Essentially these are two different typefaces , by modern standards .
And indeed , ATF ’s Caslon 540 is a beautifully conceived revival of some of the larger size Caslon designs .
And Matthew Carter ’s Big Caslon is an elegant interpretation of the very largest , highest contrast sizes .
However , my interest was in the high readability and charm of the text size .
And here it gets even more complicated , to the point where the name “ Caslon ” becomes almost more of a Rorschach test than the name of a clearly identifiable design .
The letters on the left are blown up from the type in the 1766 Caslon specimen book .
The letters on the right are from the Mergenthaler Linotype Caslon Old Face specimen book of 1928 .
Both are of the Pica size , and probably the Lino is based on the original Pica 2 .
There are several differences of interest here .
First the arches in mnh are all different .
Which is “ Caslon ” ?
One way to get around this problem is to try to copy each one exactly , to be “ authentic . ”
More about this strategy shortly .
A second obvious difference is that the ink spread is much heavier in the 18th century printing than the early 20th century .
This is further complicated by the fact that even in the 20th century , with letterpress , rough or smooth paper makes a big difference .
Here from the 1928 specimen book is an illustration of the difference .
The same text with the same typeface printed on rough and smooth paper :
So which is “ authentic ” ?
Is it rough or smooth paper ?
Or should the original metal foundry type be seen as “ authentic ” and the digital form imitate that ?
The late Justin Howes decided to do an “ authentic ” digital revival , and his strategy was to find old foundry type and print a wide range of sizes anew , then scan the printed letters , and digitize the outlines .
The result is very impressive , particularly at large sizes , but it is not “ authentic ” .
This we can see in the following illustration .
Here we can see the comparison between Justin Howes ’ 12 point ITC Founders Caslon , in the center , with the original printed in the 18th century ( left ) , and the early 20th century version , on rough paper ( right ) .
The point is that the digital version that tried so hard to be authentic in the 90s is accurate to neither the original printing of Caslon — with coarse - grained ink on dampened paper — nor to the “ hot metal ” letterpress of Linotype .
It clearly shows that it is a product of the 1990s .
However , this is not the only issue where authenticity is not achieved .
If you look above , you see that Howes used the same damaged “ h ” for his model that Linotype used !
But it is not authentic .
In the original , shown above ( left ) , the left stem leans forward , but is not bent under at the bottom , nor does it have a mangled left serif .
Furthermore , there is a big problem with the italic .
As James Mosley first noticed , some characters in the italic were recut sometime in the latter half of the 19th century .
And in fact , at least in the 12 point size , they were completely recut , changing the slope angles .
The Caslon company said this was all original and authentic in its 1924 specimen book , but they were not telling the truth .
Thus the Howes ’ “ authentic ” Caslon is partly a copy of a 19th century recutting .
Do these variations from the original or the hot metal printed versions matter at all ?
Well , I think the answer is , “ Yes . ”
The reason for this is that weight and contrast of the ‘ normal ’ or ‘ regular ’ weight of a font at text sizes is a key factor affecting both the readability and the aesthetics of a font .
The magical powers that Caslon was ascribed in the last part of the 19th century and first part of the 20th century applied to the kind of weight and contrast in the right example : letter press with relatively fine grained ink , on rough paper .
The ink spread or “ gain ” is actually a key factor here , because it operated in letter press as a kind of automatic “ optical correction ” for smaller sizes .
As you can see above , what happens in letterpress is that ink spread added what in digital terms is a “ stroke ” around the letter .
It is in effect a uniform addition to the thickness of all the stokes .
But the stokes are not uniform in thickness .
Adding a few thousandths of an inch to a fine stoke may double or triple its thickness , and while making only a slight percentage difference in a thick stem .
The graphic is from an illustration for Christian Schwartz ’s Houston , a newspaper face .
So that ink gain is for a modern high speed newspaper web press .
The old letter press ink gain is more , and more irregular , as you go back in history .
The story goes on — though I won ’t — as far as the irregularities that would have been involved in old printing .
But the most important point is that the irregularity that was involved in Caslon ’s work today looks distressed , antique , or antiquarian .
If that is what you want , then ITC Founders Caslon is fabulous at larger sizes , and a bit too light but still fascinating to the eye at smaller ones .
But the reality is that just does n’t look good today as a font for regular use in books and magazines .
To go back to the analogy of the performance of an old song or old music score , the situation reminds me of what Ira Gershwin said when he heard Ella Fitzgerald ’s recording of the Gershwin song book .
“ I never knew we were so good until I heard Ella sing our songs . ”
There is an “ authentic ” version , by the way , with George and Ira ’s sister singing with George at the piano .
I ’d be interested in hearing it , but for listening pleasure , I ’m sure it does n’t hold a candle to Ella Fitzgerald .
Having labored in the Caslon vineyard for some years , I have great sympathy for Justin Howes ( who died tragically young ) and admiration for his monumental effort .
But I think his effort proves that the goal of authenticity is misguided .
What is most desirable today is not “ authentic ” but “ classic . ”
And in order for a classic to look classic today it needs to be changed .
The need for changes is particularly true for Caslon , which has over the centuries been controversial , with many publishers , authors and readers adoring it , and type designers and connoisseurs slamming it .
The reality is that Caslon was himself a revivalist , and in his rush to create his huge output — a cornucopia of glyphs for non-latin scripts and a full range of latin sizes — and get it out to the world there was a lot of sloppiness by modern standards .
In fact , he was sloppy even by comparison with some continental type founders working at the same time .
And yet , there is a magic in some of Caslon ’s sizes , and interesting work in all of them .
There is no doubt that he had a rare gift .
Here is my late Uncle Ben Lieberman , in his Types of Typefaces ( 1967 ) summing up views of Caslon :
“ [ Caslon ] is perhaps the most controversial face in history .
Some persons consider it the greatest type ever ( they have popularized a motto , ‘ When in doubt , use Caslon ’ ) and others think it overrated , a collection of mistakes , elusively out of keeping with everything .
But — it works , is highly readable , alive , with warmth and open dignity that has no pretense whatsoever .
Caslon is the prime example of a typeface in which the individual letters are nothing , but the total effect is strong and honest — the reverse of an all - star performance in which each letter has such perfection that it competes to be noticed . ”
Lieberman was writing on the cusp of the change to photo type , which in twenty years was to be replaced yet again by digital type .
And the magical “ total effect ” that he wrote about did n’t , in my view , survive the transition .
My effort to recover that total effect in text is what I ’ll write about in part II .
William Berkson is a writer and type designer .
Information about his new book , to be published in October , is here , and his new revival of Caslon can be found here .
[ read part two ]
バイオニック・ソフトウェア 著者： Tim O'Reilly 日本語訳： yomoyomo
以下の文章は 、Tim O'Reilly による Bionic Software の日本語訳である 。
本翻訳文書については、冨岡悠さんに誤訳の訂正を頂きました。ありがとうございました。
最近 Boxxet の創業者 の
You Mon Tsang が、僕のボキャブラリーに 「 バイオニック・ソフトウェア（bionic software ） 」 という新しいミームを吹き込んでくれた。You Mon の定義によれば、 「 生物工学（bionics ）とは、生物原理の工学システムの設計への応用を目的とした生物システムの研究である」。ただ彼が一月前ぐらいに話してくれたとき、彼はもっとなじみやすい定義を用いていた。負傷してテクノロジーにより高速、強力、有能になって再生した宇宙飛行士をフィーチャーした70年代のテレビ番組『600万ドルの男』を引き合いに出したのだ。このイメージをあてはめれば、バイオニック・システムとは、生物システムと機械システムを組み合わせて、どちらか片方だけよりも強力な拡張システムを作り上げるものと言える。
この「生物機能を機械的に強化する（bionic）」ところが、最も成功しているウェブアプリケーションの多くに欠かせないと思う。さかのぼること2003年、私は講演でケンペレンのチェス人形（Mechanical
Turk）を引き合いに出すようになったが、これはウェブアプリケーションと
PC 時代のアプリケーションの違いの一つに、ウェブアプリケーションは実際に利用者をその内部に引き込み、そのアプリの一部として毎日働かせていることがあるのを強調するためである。Google でクロールし、スパムをフィルタし、アルゴリズムをチューニングするプログラマがいなければ、アプリケーションは止まってしまう。新しいサイトに絶えずリンクすることでスパイダーに食わせるユーザがいなくては、クローラは何も新しい情報を得られない。ユーザが深いところでアプリケーションの一部なのである。これがブレイクスルーをもたらすウェブアプリケーションのほぼすべてにおいて、何らかの形であてはまる。
私はこの理念を参加のアーキテクチャ（訳注：日本語訳）と名づけ、Web 2.0 の鍵となる原則の一つとして一般化したが、これはインターネットアプリケーションを設計する際に最も重要な原則の一つは、利用されるほどその力を増すようシステムを設計することであるという理念である。しかし、「バイオニック・システム」という言葉は、このコンセプトにもう一捻り加えてくれる。
You Mon と話をして分かったのは、人間とコンピュータの活動を組み合わせ、どちらか一方が単独で可能なよりも優れた結果を導き出すシステムが広まりつつあり、またそれが明らかになりつつある。Flickr を例にすると 、Flickr はウェブデザインのパレットにタグクラウドを導入した。タグクラウドは、ユーザの活動によりダイナミックに作り上げられる強力なユーザインタフェース要素である。あるいは、digg.com
が積極的にユーザを利用してどのストーリーがフロントページに並ぶか決定しているやり方を考えてみよう（うん、Slashdot が digg のずっと前からこれをやっているのは僕も分かっているけど、digg の場合、この機能がサイトの核心なので） 。
バイオニック・システムが広まり、技術的なバリエーションが洗練されることにより、我々は今まさに真に重要なトレンドの始まりを目の当たりにしているように思える。You
Mon の新しいスタートアップ企業である
Boxxet は、どんな話題であれそれに関するアテンションを情報集約をしようと思う digg ライクなサイトを効率的に作り、はじめウェブスパイダーにより集められるコンテンツをユーザにモデレートさせるものである（このサイトはまだベータ版でプライベート状態だが、数週間のうちに公開されるはずである。You Mon は今週の水曜日に ETech でプレゼンを行う予定）。例えば Google Alert が、Google の力を利用してフォローしたいどんな話題でも情報を追いかけられるようにするのに対し、Boxxet は気になる話題をフォローするパブリックで共有されるスペースを作成できるようにし、その読者の意見を自動的に生成する結果を向上するのに利用するわけだ。
Amazon の Mechanical
Turk アプリケーションとなると人間と機械の結びつきはより明確だ。Amazon の Mechanical Turk は、人間とコンピュータの処理を組み合わせるためのマーケットプレイスである（確かめたわけではないが、2003年5月に私が
Amazon の従業員が全員参加した会議で行った講演で、ウェブアプリケーションのメタファーとしてチェス人形のコンセプトをフィーチャーしたことが、Amazon のサービスのインスピレーションになったのではないか）。
数週間前に Woodside Fund の Tom Shields にバイオニック・ソフトウェアの話をし、我々は人間をアプリケーションの構成要素として利用することでより知的なシステムを構築しつつあり、昔人口知能に託していた夢がこの新しいモデルにとってかわられつつあるという私の考えを説明した。Tom はそのパラダイムシフトを 、 「 AI が IA になる（人工知 能 （Artificial Intelligence）が知性の拡大 （Intelligence Augmentation）になる」と上手にまとめてくれた。
これがミームの力である。世界を新しい目で見る助けとなるコンセプトを作りつつあるのだ。我々は次世代のバイオニック・システムを作り上げようとしているわけだが、それはいたるところで目にしている。私はその考えが好きだ。人間とコンピュータが一つとなって、いずれか単独の場合を越える能力を生み出すなんて、他の分野にあるかい？
追伸：読者でサイエンス・フィクション好きな方向けだが、Sean McMullen の著作 『Souls in the Great Machine』にこのコンセプトに関する優れた解釈がある。
初出公開 ： 2006年03月27日、 最終更新日： 2006年04月03 日
著者： Tim O'Reilly
日本語訳： yomoyomo ( E - mail : ymgrtq at yamdas dot org )
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License .
