Linda Owen , president of the Woodall Rodgers Park Foundation , shows off the construction site of Dallas '
The Park project , which buries the highway under green space .
PARKS PROPOSED OVER HIGHWAYS PARKS PROPOSED OVER HIGHWAYS City Highway Cincinnati Interstate 71 / Fort Washington Way Dallas Woodall Rodgers Freeway Los Angeles Hollywood Freeway Minneapolis I-90 / I - 35 W Portland , Ore. I - 405 Sacramento I - 5 St. Louis I - 70 San Diego I - 5 Santa Monica , Calif .
I - 10 Seattle Alaskan Way Source : Center for City Park Excellence , Trust for Public Land Enlarge By Mei-Chun Jau , for USA TODAY Dallas '
The Park project includes a 5 - acre park on top of the Woodall Rodgers Freeway that cuts through downtown Dallas .
Urban parks take over downtown freeways Cities are removing the concrete barriers that freeways form through their downtowns — not by tearing them down but by shrouding them in greenery and turning them into parks and pedestrian - friendly developments .
This gray - to - green metamorphosis is underway or under consideration in major cities seeking ways to revive sections of their downtowns from Los Angeles and Dallas to St. Louis and Cincinnati .
Transportation departments are not opposed as long as the plans do n't reduce highway capacity .
In most cases , traffic is rerouted .
" It 's the coming together of people wanting green space and realizing that highways are a negative to the city , " says Peter Harnik , director of the Trust for Public Land 's Center for City Park Excellence .
" Covering them with green space gives you a wonderful place to live and work . "
GREEN HOUSE : Small victories to a greener life Groups that are not always on the same page — environmentalists and developers — are embracing the " capping " or " decking " efforts for different reasons .
Environmentalists encourage more trees and grass to offset carbon emissions and promote walkable neighborhoods to reduce reliance on cars .
Developers are eager for space to build on in prime downtown locations .
Citizens want parks and amenities they can reach on foot .
" Highways are extremely destructive to the fabric of urban life , " says Harnik , author of Urban Green : Innovative Parks for Resurgent Cities .
" The noise that emanates from it , the smell . "
Capping freeways dates to the 1930s .
A recent example is the Rose Kennedy Greenway over Boston 's " Big Dig , " which created open space by putting elevated roadways underground .
The resurgence of downtowns has turned available pieces of land into hot commodities .
At the same time , the drumbeat for more parks in smog - choked cities is getting louder .
" It 's essentially like creating oceanfront property , " says Linda Owen , president of the Woodall Rodgers Park Foundation in Dallas .
" It 's an economic engine . "
The group leads the effort to build a 5 - acre park on the eight - lane Woodall Rodgers Freeway that runs north of downtown , between U.S. 75 and Interstate 35E .
Traffic will be channeled to a tunnel .
It 's part of a bigger plan to revitalize the city 's core and connect all corners of a 68 - acre cultural district , from museums , restaurants and residential towers to a new opera hall and performing arts center .
" The freeway is like our medieval wall , " Owen says .
" You could n't get over it . …
The park is just being created out of thin air . "
Similar projects are under review in : • Los Angeles and Santa Monica , Calif .
There are four proposals to " cap " obsolete sections of the 101 or Hollywood Freeway — in Hollywood and downtown Los Angeles — and I - 10 in Santa Monica with parks and developments that mix residential , retail and office uses .
The area 's density makes it difficult to create parkland , but old freeways offer vast spaces that can be used , says Vaughan Davies , the architect and urban designer leading some of the efforts .
" The one in downtown Los Angeles encompasses 100 acres of land and the park itself is about 15 to 20 acres , " he says .
It would connect Union Station , Chinatown and Olvera Street with City Hall and Little Tokyo .
Another plan would bring a park and school on 40 acres over the Hollywood Freeway through a largely residential area .
In Santa Monica , an old section of I - 10 would link the area near the Santa Monica Pier with the civic center .
• Cincinnati .
In a city that has more expressway interchanges per mile than most cities , freeways cut off the downtown from its riverfront near the confluence of I - 75 and I - 71 .
" We need to reconnect downtown to the river , " says Michael Moore , interim director of transportation and engineering .
Several exits were consolidated to create Fort Washington
Way , opening about 16 acres of unused space for development and 40 acres for a park on the banks of the Ohio River .
• St. Louis .
A design competition is underway to connect the Gateway Arch grounds and downtown over I - 70 , which divides the two .
A non-profit citizen group , City to River , proposes removing a section of the interstate that is not needed since traffic has been shifted to a new bridge north of the Arch .
Turning it into a 1.4 - mile boulevard and parkway would " create more valuable real estate , close to the Arch , " says Rick Bonasch , a member .
" This boulevard would connect downtown casinos , hotels , sports stadiums and the historic riverfront . "
The projects face relatively little opposition , Harnik says .
" The green movement wants more parkland , and the development community wants a beautiful , quiet park instead of a noisy freeway to build residential or office buildings around them , " he says .
" The payback in … economic value is high enough to make the whole thing worthwhile . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The warriors were built to protect the emperor after his death Archaeologists in China have unearthed 114 new terracotta warriors at the vast Qin dynasty tomb complex near Xian in Shaanxi province , state media reports .
The statues , many of which were found in pieces , were brightly coloured and lying alongside pots , weapons and other items , said China Daily .
Research teams also found evidence of burn marks on the clay , proof that the pit had at some point been set on fire .
More than 8,000 of the statues , made in 221BC , have already been unearthed .
Xu Weihong , head of the research team , told China Daily the warriors had been found during the third excavation of the largest of the three pits at the tomb complex .
The excavations began in June last year .
" We were pleasantly surprised to find rich colours on the Terracotta Warriors , " he said .
" It was hard work to restore the clay warriors as they were broken into pieces .
It took us at least 10 days to restore one . "
Blaze evidence Archaeologists say all the warriors would originally have been brightly decorated but that 2,000 years underground has worn away the paint .
Liu Zhanchang , director of the Museum of Qin Shihuang Terracotta Warriors and Horses , said the burn marks found were proof that the pit had been set on fire .
It was already thought that the mausoleum was set on fire by a rebel leader soon after its construction , although much of the contents survived .
The mausoleum was built for Emperor Qin Shihuang , considered the first emperor of China and the individually decorated warriors were intended to protect him in death .
The complex was rediscovered by chance in 1974 by villagers , and excavation has continued ever since .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jewish World Review May 11 , 2010 27 Iyar 5770 A  Duty to Die ?
By Thomas Sowell
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com |
One of the many fashionable notions that have caught on among some of the intelligentsia is that old people have " a duty to die , " rather than become a burden to others .
This is more than just an idea discussed around a seminar table .
Already the government - run medical system in Britain is restricting what medications or treatments it will authorize for the elderly .
Moreover , it seems almost certain that similar attempts to contain runaway costs will lead to similar policies when American medical care is taken over by the government .
Make no mistake about it , letting old people die is a lot cheaper than spending the kind of money required to keep them alive and well .
If a government - run medical system is going to save any serious amount of money , it is almost certain to do so by sacrificing the elderly .
There was a time — fortunately , now long past — when some desperately poor societies had to abandon old people to their fate , because there was just not enough margin for everyone to survive .
Sometimes the elderly themselves would simply go off from their family and community to face their fate alone .
But is that where we are today ?
Talk about " a duty to die " made me think back to my early childhood in the South , during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
One day , I was told that an older lady — a relative of ours — was going to come and stay with us for a while , and I was told how to be polite and considerate towards her .
She was called " Aunt Nance Ann , " but I do n't know what her official name was or what her actual biological relationship to us was .
Aunt Nance
Ann had no home of her own .
But she moved around from relative to relative , not spending enough time in any one home to be a real burden .
At that time , we did n't have things like electricity or central heating or hot running water .
But we had a roof over our heads and food on the table — and Aunt Nance Ann was welcome to both .
FREE SUBSCRIPTION TO INFLUENTIAL NEWSLETTER
Every weekday NewsAndOpinion.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider " must - reading " .
HUNDREDS of columnists and cartoonists regularly appear .
Sign up for the daily update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Poor as we were , I never heard anybody say , or even intimate , that Aunt Nance Ann had " a duty to die . "
I only began to hear that kind of talk decades later , from highly educated people in an affluent age , when even most families living below the official poverty level owned a car or truck and had air - conditioning .
It is today , in an age when homes have flat - panelled TVs , and most families eat in restaurants regularly or have pizzas and other meals delivered to their homes , that the elites — rather than the masses — have begun talking about " a duty to die . "
Back in the days of Aunt Nance Ann , nobody in our family had ever gone to college .
Indeed , none had gone beyond elementary school .
Apparently you need a lot of expensive education , sometimes including courses on ethics , before you can start talking about " a duty to die . "
Many years later , while going through a divorce , I told a friend that I was considering contesting child custody .
She immediately urged me not to do it .
Why ?
Because raising a child would interfere with my career .
But my son did n't have a career .
He was just a child who needed someone who understood him .
I ended up with custody of my son and , although he was not a demanding child , raising him could not help impeding my career a little .
But do you just abandon a child when it is inconvenient to raise him ?
The lady who gave me this advice had a degree from the Harvard Law School .
She had more years of education than my whole family had , back in the days of Aunt Nance Ann .
Much of what is taught in our schools and colleges today seeks to break down traditional values , and replace them with more fancy and fashionable notions , of which " a duty to die " is just one .
These efforts at changing values used to be called " values clarification , " though the name has had to be changed repeatedly over the years , as more and more parents caught on to what was going on and objected .
The values that supposedly needed " clarification " had been clear enough to last for generations and nobody asked the schools and colleges for this " clarification . "
Nor are we better people because of it .
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider " must - reading " .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Comment on JWR contributor Thomas Sowell 's column by clicking here .
Thomas Sowell Archives
© 2006 , Creators Syndicate
Text Size A A
Hemamala Karunadasa / UC
Berkeley Cheaper Alternative
The UC Berkeley team 's molybdenum oxo catalyst , shown here with Mo in green , O in red , N in blue , and C in gray .
Two research groups report new materials aimed at achieving a long - standing research goal : the ability to use fuel cells to generate H 2 , a clean - burning sustainable fuel , from water .
Traditional catalysts for H 2 generation are based on platinum , but the metal is expensive , globally limited in supply , and easily poisoned .
Working to find a less expensive alternative , graduate student Hemamala I. Karunadasa and chemistry professors Christopher J. Chang and Jeffrey R. Long of the University of California , Berkeley , have developed a molybdenum oxo catalyst containing the ligand 2,6 - bis [ 1,1 - bis ( 2 - pyridyl ) ethyl ] pyridine ( Nature 2010 , 464 , 1329 ) .
Unlike some other catalysts , which can require organic acids or solvents to function , the molybdenum oxo complex can produce H 2 from neutral water solutions and even from seawater .
The catalyst ’s ligand can also be more readily and extensively modified than those of other catalysts .
That feature “ will permit the relationships between catalyst geometric and electronic structure and catalyst performance to be assessed effectively , ” says Craig L. Hill , a chemistry professor at Emory University .
“ Such assessment is key to further improvement in the catalytic rates . ”
Another group is aiming to avoid metals entirely in H 2 - generating systems .
A team led by Bjorn Winther - Jensen , a research fellow at the Australian Center for Electromaterials Science at Monash University , prepared an electrode from a porous membrane of polytetrafluoroethylene ( Gore - Tex ) coated with a layer of poly ( 3,4 - ethylenedioxythiophene ) ( PEDOT ) and polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) ( Adv. Mater . 2010 , 22 , 1727 ) .
Bjorn Winther - Jensen / Monash U View Enlarged Image Metal - Free
An electrode made with a Gore - Tex membrane coated in a PEDOT - PEG composite material can produce H 2 from an acidic electrolyte solution .
The researchers found that the system could generate H 2 from an acidic electrolyte solution at rates comparable with those from systems using traditional Pt - based catalysts , but the polymer composites are both less expensive and more resistant to poisoning than Pt catalysts .
Mechanistically , Winther - Jensen and colleagues believe , the PEG coordinates H 3 O+ and traps it near the PEDOT , where the reduction to H 2 occurs .
The porous membrane serves to provide a large surface area for the various components to interact .
The system can run for more than 80 days without deteriorating .
The PEDOT - PEG system is “ the most active and , undoubtedly , the cheapest catalyst reported so far for H 2 evolution from water , ” says G. Charles Dismukes , a chemistry professor at Rutgers University .
“ This opens a route to totally eliminate any metal as catalyst for producing H 2 from water . ”
( CNN ) --
The pope has accepted the resignation of a German bishop who had offered to step down last month after he was accused of hitting children in his care and misusing money donated to an orphanage .
A statement from the Vatican on Saturday confirmed the resignation of Bishop Walter Mixa of Augsburg .
In accepting the resignation , the Vatican cited a section of canon law that allows a member of the clergy to resign " because of illness or some other grave reason " or if he has " become unsuited for the fulfillment of his office . "
In a brief April 22 statement , Mixa asked forgiveness from those " to whom I have done an injustice and all those I have saddened . "
The Catholic Church across Europe has been reeling from accusations of physical and sexual abuse by clergy members , and Mixa is the latest in a string of bishops to resign .
The State : Who Does it Protect ?
Saturday ’s car bomb attempt in New York saw the response of numerous government officials , who evacuated the area , investigated the scene , and made an arrest .
So how can I say that we do n’t need the state to keep us safe ?
For one thing , services that enough people want can be provided on a consensual basis .
Large numbers of people do n’t want flaming shrapnel flying through their neighborhood , and do want actual crimes and potentially dangerous situations investigated .
So there would be willing customers and willing suppliers when it comes to investigation , disaster response , and firefighting .
Patrol might often be done on a local volunteer basis in a free society , but even if professionals were hired it would be possible to hold them more accountable than is possible with the current system of hostile paramilitaries who are accountable mainly to their bosses and the cliques in their business .
For all of the surveillance systems and police officers monitoring Times Square , it was a street vendor who first drew attention to the problem .
This is another example of ordinary people defending themselves against crimes classified as “ terrorist attacks ” ( a highly politically - charged term ) .
Government was powerless against the September 11 attacks , shoe bomber , and underpants bomber .
Any effective resistance was accomplished by nearby people breaking out of the role of victimized receiver of orders , a role constantly drilled into people who do n’t wear the right uniform .
What about previously attempted terrorist attacks that were stopped by government action ?
First , we usually get the government ’s story on these , and the government can hardly be considered impartial .
But let ’s assume they are telling us something close to the truth , and the government is n’t the only gang of thugs who want to hurt innocent people for political reasons .
There would probably be less to motivate terrorists to attack Americans if the United States government was not involved in destroying people ’s lives around the world .
However , government ’s primary function is to enable some people to rule over others , and people hurt by this activity do not always respond in a morally - justifiable way .
Bruce Schneier notes that governments ’ previous successes in preventing attacks relied on intelligence - gathering and investigation , not security checkpoints , surveillance systems , or similar police state fixtures .
In his article “ Fixing Intelligence Failures ” Schneier discusses the importance of information to effective prevention : “ Our [ sic ] intelligence organizations need to trade techniques and expertise with industry , and they need to share information among the different parts of themselves . ”
Sharing of information does n’t happen enough “ because of inter-agency rivalries , a reliance on outdated information systems , and a culture of secrecy . ”
This is a structural defect .
Government ’s typical answer to security threats is to respond with bigger bureaucracies ( more people to share irresponsibility ) and more repressive , stronger - looking enforcement .
Organizations that exist because of , and in pursuit of , consensual association are generally more flexible , and do not waste time and cooperative potential trying to become the dominant bureaucracy in the power structure .
When a bureaucratic mindset conflates the organization ’s power with the safety of people it is assigned to protect , the incentive is to consolidate and expand power , not to work with people outside your tribe for mutual benefit .
Because street vendors were the first to sound the alarm about Saturday ’s attempted bombing , we should also consider government efforts to sanitize and homogenize the streets , enforcing their view of what the city should be upon people who actually make it function .
Food vendors and other merchants are frequently the targets of government bureaucrats .
Fewer vendors would mean that fewer people actually watch the streets instead of using them to rush to their next destination .
People pushed to the margins of society are probably less likely to alert police of danger .
Drug sellers , sex workers , and homeless people might be reluctant to share information that could lead to thwarting an attack like the one in Times Square .
Because the demands of state power are supreme , there exists a hostile relationship that overrides what should be a common interest in streets that are safer for everybody – not just those who can afford to be on the city government ’s good side .
While there are probably government agents who care sincerely about treating every individual justly , the institution of government exists to protect power , and individuals it protects are incidental to this goal .
Anybody who gets in the way of government expanding power will become the target of government .
If it suits some politically powerful group , their possessions will be taken and their livelihood destroyed .
Whatever amount of violence enforcers want to use against them is expected to be suffered passively , and will almost always be blamed on the victim .
The nature of government institutions makes bad behavior on the part of enforcers more likely .
Police departments are organizations seeking to preserve their own existence , they are not funded on a voluntary basis , their workers are accountable to higher - ranking officials and cliques of thugs instead of to the general public , and they are given the status by media and authoritarian culture as untouchable preservers of life ’s valuables – we are supposed to believe they are the thin blue line between order and chaos , rather than the servants of the primary disruptors of consensual order which they are .
If you expect one powerful gang to keep you safe from other powerful gangs , you are placing yourself at their mercy .
Government creates a state of fear to facilitate political control – attempting to use terror for political ends .
But being a government makes them exempt from all of the bad words that are used to label their enemies .
— — –
Schneier on “ Fixing Intelligence Failures ” : http://www.schneier.com/essay-305.html
Articles about city government and street vendors :
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704608104575220571208786414.html
and
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/05/22/nyregion/22vendor.html
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - Apple
Inc shot past Microsoft Corp as the world ’s biggest tech company based on market value on Wednesday , the latest milestone in the resurgence of the maker of the iPhone , which nearly went out of business in the 1990s .
Apple Inc. Chief Executive Steve Jobs speaks about features on the iPod Nano , which includes a video camera , at a special event in San Francisco , in this September 9 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith / Files
Apple ’s shares rose as much 2.8 percent on Nasdaq on Wednesday , as Microsoft shares floundered , briefly pushing its market value above $ 229 billion , ahead of its longtime rival .
Both stocks ended down after a late - day sell - off , but Apple emerged ahead with a market value of about $ 222 billion , compared with Microsoft ’s $ 219 billion , according to Reuters data .
Apple shares closed down 0.4 percent at $ 244.11 on Nasdaq , while Microsoft fell 4 percent to a seven - month low of $ 25.01 .
Shares of Apple are worth more than 10 times what they were 10 years ago , as it has profited from revolutionizing consumer electronics with its stylish , easy to use products such as the iPod , iPhone and MacBook laptops .
The last time Apple had a higher market value than Microsoft was December 19 , 1989 , according to Thomson Reuters Datastream .
Microsoft , whose operating system runs on more than 90 percent of the world ’s personal computers , has not been able to match growth rates from its hey - day 1990s .
Its stock is down 20 percent from 10 years ago .
Apple , which struggled for many years to get its products into the mainstream , resorted to a $ 150 million investment from the much larger Microsoft in 1997 in order to keep it afloat .
At that time , Microsoft ’s market value was more than five times that of Apple .
Microsoft still leads Apple in sales .
In the latest quarter , Microsoft reported $ 14.5 billion in revenue compared with Apple ’s $ 13.5 billion .
Cupertino , California - based Apple is now the second - largest company on the Standard & Poor ’s 500 index by market value , behind energy behemoth Exxon Mobil Corp .
15 septembre 2014
Bonjour à toutes et à tous et bienvenue sur The Art of Disney , le site sur les coulisses des productions Disney - Pixar !
Réaliser un court ou long métrage d'animation est une véritable course de fond qui passe par de multiples étapes de création durant lesquelles les artistes discutent , échangent et réalisent de superbes dessins .
Ces recherches aboutissent à la création d'oeuvres inoubliables , mais laissent leurs auteurs et leurs dessins dans l'ombre ...
Je vous propose par le biais de ce site de ( re ) découvrir vos films favoris sous un autre angle , plus artistique que commercial , afin de redonner aux artistes Disney toute la reconnaissance qu'ils méritent !
________________________________________________________________________
The Art of Disney est un blog amateur qui n'est en rien affilié à la Walt Disney Company .
Tout les propos tenus sur ces pages reflètent l'opinion de son auteur uniquement .
Tous les visuels mis en ligne sont la propriété de la Walt Disney Company .
___________________________________________________________________________________
A reality show that promises to sell off three virgins to the highest bidder is — to say the least — raising a storm of controversy on two sides of the Pacific .
The show is the brainchild of an Australian filmmaker , Justin Sisley , and will be made for TV there .
But , as of yesterday , the show was set to be filmed in Nevada .
The three virgins — two women and one man — are to be paid $ 20,000 each plus 90 percent of their “ sale price ” to take part in the auction , according to a report in the Sydney Daily Telegraph .
Australian authorities forced Sisley to move production of the show out of the country , threatening to charge him and the virgins with prostitution if they went through with their original plan .
But in Nevada , prostitution is legal .
“ Technically , I ’m selling my virginity for money , ” a 21 - year - old woman named Veronica told the paper .
“ Technically , that would be classified as prostitution .
“ But it ’s not going to be a regular thing , so in my head I can justify that I ’m not going to be a prostitute , ” she said .
“ I do n’t think I ’ll regret it . ”
The male virgin , identified only as Alex , said he volunteered for the show as a way to meet a woman .
Sisley says the parents of the young people involved “ hate me . ”
According to the casting notice , the show entails “ our camera follow[ing ] the principal cast . . . as they shed their virginity to a complete stranger in front of a worldwide audience . ”
Flyers of the Virgin Mary , with the words “ Virgins Wanted , ” were posted in several Australian cities in recent months , seeking applicants .
Here we go again .
More fear mongering and false equivalencies from Newt Gingrich as he's out trying to sell his new history revisionist book .
For the second time in a week , though , a host on Fox News actually asked him if his ridiculous comparisons are over the top .
It would be nice to see anyone ever ask this hypocrite about his phony newly found religious faith after the way he treated his ex-wives and why anyone should believe they 're for anything other than political expediency .
VAN SUSTEREN : Continuing with former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich .
He has a brand - new book , " To Save America : Stopping Obama 's Secular Socialist Machine . "
Speaker Gingrich writes , in part , " The America in which we grew up is vastly different from the America the secular socialist left want to create , and that 's why saving America is the fundamental challenge of our time .
The secular socialist machine represents as great a threat to America as Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union once did . "
Speaker Gingrich is here with us .
All right , Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union .
Go a little far on that one ?
GINGRICH : No .
Because I 'm not talking about moral equivalence of the people , I 'm talking about the end result .
If the Nazis had defeated us , then America as we know it would have disappeared .
If the Soviet Union had defeated us , the America as we know it would have disappeared .
I argue in this book -- and I think it 's a pretty reasoned and compelling argument -- that the fact is , the values of a secular socialist movement are antithetical -- and you hear from President Obama all the time .
You know , we 're a country that says we 're endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights .
The secular socialist left does n't want God anywhere in public life and does n't want to acknowledge God anywhere in public life , to such a degree that the Democratic candidate for the Senate of Massachusetts said maybe if you 're Catholic , you should n't work in an emergency room , OK ?
That 's a fairly radical statement .
Similarly , we believed historically you get to go out and work as hard as you want .
You get to dream as big as you want .
And then you get to keep it .
Now you have a president who says openly , you know , some people make too much money , and maybe he should decide .
Now , I mean , his idea of redistribution is that politicians decide how much you ought to get to keep of what you earn .
Sorry for the inconvenience !
Please use the menus above or our search page to find what you 're looking for .
You can also report a broken link to web@amazonwatch.org .
Australia is a low - tax country compared with other developed nations , according to a group that includes some of the nation 's most prominent economists .
In a report to be released on Wednesday , Tax Watch says Australia ranks in the bottom third of oeCD countries in terms of tax levels .
The group says high - income Australians use many loopholes , including the family home , to minimise their tax .
Tax Watch convenor Julian Disney says the group wants the long - awaited tax review headed by Treasury boss Ken Henry to target those loopholes and dispel the idea that Australia is a high - taxing nation .
Professor Disney says a key area needing change is housing , which he says suffers huge losses of revenue and distortion .
" I think one of the major causes of the house price inflation is the tax system , " he said , referring to negative gearing that allows investors to write off the costs of their interest payments and the concessional capital gains tax .
" But also the total exemption of principal residences or the family home , as they 're sometimes called , from capital gains tax , land tax , pension assets test .
" I would n't argue for them to be fully removed , but what they 've done is to aggravate house price inflation by sucking people into paying more for their housing because of the tax advantages .
" And we'd do better , for example , to drop stamp duty and help people to get in but then tax them more later . "
Tax Watch says it is also striking that Australia 's government expenditure , as a share of GDP , is very low .
" The oeCD only gives data for 28 of the 30 countries , but of those 28 we 're the third lowest in terms of government expenditure , " Professor Disney said .
" So we 're not a big government - spending country . "
Much of the thrust of the discussion around the Henry tax review has been about promoting Australia 's tax competitiveness , with the implication that business is highly taxed here compared to overseas .
Professor Disney says there is little doubt that that is not true .
" The Henry review itself in one of its earlier papers , and the independent review under the Howard government , both concluded that it was n't true to say that the business sector was highly taxed across the range of business sector taxes , " he said .
" If you then focus on the corporate income tax rate [ of 30 per cent ] , even there we 're actually mid-level amongst the comparable countries in terms of level of development .
" And there 's no longer a trend to cut below 30 per cent , so we 're not out of step remaining at 30 per cent . "
Income tax
Professor Disney says he does not believe personal income tax rates need to increase .
" What needs to be done mainly is to reduce or remove exemptions , loopholes , distortions .
And if you do all that there 's even possibly room to reduce some tax rates , " he said .
" But we 've generated especially over the last 10 or 15 years far too many of these loopholes and exemptions .
" Some of the litmus tests I think really for whether the Henry report calls it as it is , I think , are superannuation where we have massively unfair distorting and wasteful tax concessions .
" They 're upside down because they pay far more to the wealthy than to the less wealthy . "
Professor Disney has raised political holy cows , and it remains to be seen whether any government would be willing to touch negative gearing , capital gains tax concession , let alone put a tax on the family home .
" I think the first thing is for the Henry report to tell it like it is .
And over the 20 years I know from involvement with a number of official inquiries into these things , there 's been huge pressure from both sides of politics when in government not to tell it like it is , " Professor Disney said .
" We really need someone in this position , even if then the politicians decide not to go ahead , we really need someone to tell it like it is .
" And as I say , the IMF and The Economist , even here in Australia the Financial Review and others have identified this as a major problem and we 've got to address it . "
More Provisional IRA guns are turning up in searches and raids carried out by the PSNI in Northern Ireland .
Security sources say that the weapons -- mainly pistols and revolvers -- have been linked to the IRA via ballistic testing and documentation .
Some of the weapons have been traced to pre-ceasefire attacks while others have been matched by their serial numbers to the inventory of guns and ammunition supplied by the Libyan government to the British Foreign Office .
The discoveries -- which the PSNI refuses to discuss -- support the RUC Special Branch estimation that around 60 per cent of all IRA weapons were decommissioned five years ago .
The Special Branch took into account the permanent loss of IRA weapons which were buried and could not physically be retrieved , the theft of weapons by the former quartermaster general of the organisation Michael McKevitt , and the intention of the IRA to hold on to new weapons not on the Libyan inventory .
In September 2005 , the IRA decommissioned a substantial quantity of handguns , rifles and heavier calibre weapons and explosives under the supervision of General John de Chastelain .
However , many guns and a quantity of explosives had already been taken from IRA bunkers by the Real IRA leader .
Now guns being seized by the PSNI in searches are being linked to weapons supplied by Colonel Gadaffi and used before the 1994 ceasefire .
Other guns have been linked to the Libyan shipments through their serial numbers which can be traced to batch numbers supplied by Libya .
Ammunition in the chambers has also yielded links to corresponding batch numbers , one PSNI source revealed .
Since April 2008 more than 170 unregistered guns have been seized by the PSNI across Northern Ireland .
From April of last year up to the end of February , 62 guns were seized .
Sunday Independent
... Or is that 103 or 104 ?
For those who are anti-constitutionalists , anti-10th amendment , anti-states ' righters , etc. : you might as well quit reading now , because what I 'm about to tell you is going to make you mad , and will probably result in you engaging in ad hominems in the comment section , even though you do n't know me .
In 1789 , as something of a " gentleman 's agreement " which resulted in some hesitant states ratifying the U.S. Constitution , James Madison introduced the Bill of Rights ( aka the first 10 amendments to the Constitution ) in the first Congress .
You see , the original Constitution was viewed as having too much potential for abuse , and while some suggested that there was no need for a Bill of Rights ( because , after all , everyone understood that our rights were part of our human nature and listing them was not necessary ) , Thomas Jefferson and others believed that it was an important add - on to the Constitutional order .
The Tenth Amendment is the one which this post is discussing :
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
About 33 years ago , I participated in my very first speech competition ( while a sophomore in high school ) .
The competition was sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars , and involved a prepared speech , and then a 3 - 5 minute pseudo - extemporaneous speech ( the topic was drawn from a list of several which we had been given beforehand , so it had been possible to do some research in advance ) .
The topic I drew ?
The Tenth Amendment .
I finished the competition -- my first ever - - in 2nd place .
All that just goes to suggest that -- though I 'm a ( nearly ) life - long Nebraska ( not a state that 's been known for its love of " states ' rights " ) -- I have a bit of an affinity for that amendment ( well actually ALL of the first 10 amendments ) to the Constitution .
I think it was absolutely brilliant -- and somewhat prescient -- of Jefferson and the boys to demand that it be immediately included , while everyone thought that it was redundant and unnecessary .
I have come to believe that , while we ought to support candidates at the national level ( presidential and congressional ) who are pro-liberty , the institutions of our federal government are so corrupted that most of our efforts will be like " spitting into the wind " .
Hence , we need to return to the 10th Amendment ( and it 's lower numbered brethren ) .
Angela made note of the fact that Tom Woods has a new book coming out on nullification .
Woods is likely to be excoriated in the press over this .
Anyone who dares to assert the STATES ' rights in the union is automatically cast as a racist .
Indeed , here in Nebraska , a recent effort ( which ultimately succeeded ) aimed at a legislative resolution calling upon Congress to acknowledge the 10th Amendment was met by our few truly liberal legislators as something akin to calling for a return to slavery .
One legislator , in a patronizing way , suggested how unfortunate it was that there were people willing to cast their lots with a cause that had such a " tarnished " past .
But a true " states ' rights " movement may be the last thing standing between the people and ever increasing tyranny of the federal government .
And if that 's the case , we need to be building that case at the STATE level ; we need to convince our STATE officials that they truly DO have a role to play , beyond simply being the administrators of federal programs and the distributors of federal funds ; we need to convince them that THEY are accountable to US , and that we expect them to take a stand against the intrusions of the federal government -- not only the individual intrusions on our rights , but the never - ending erosion of the role of the states .
Remember , the " United States " - - a country of STATES bound together in a union .
Do we think that the individuals who fought the War for Independence believed that they were fighting to voluntarily consign themselves to slavery and subservience ?
Do we really believe that the STATES that came together through their representatives in 1787 for the purpose of " tweaking " the Articles of Confederation really envisioned becoming the slaves to a federal master ?
I believe that it almost certain that the answer is no on both counts -- and indeed , the ratification of the Bill of Rights seems to suggest that very notion .
The Bill of Rights was meant as a LIMIT on federal power , and a reassertion that the states and the individual citizens of the United States were sovereign , and that there were defined limits on the power of the federal government .
” The general misconception is that any statute passed by legislators bearing the appearance of law constitutes the law of the land .
The Constitution of the United States is the supreme law of the land , and any statue , to be valid , must be in agreement .
It is impossible for both the Constitution and a law violating it to be valid ; one must prevail .
This is succinctly stated as follows :
The general rule is that an unconstitutional statute , though having the form and name of law , is in reality no law , but is wholly void , and ineffective for any purpose ; since unconstitutionality dates from the time of its enactment , and not merely from the date of the decision so branding it .
An unconstitutional law , in legal contemplation , is as inoperative as if it had never been passed .
Such a statute leaves the question that it purports to settle just as it would be had the statute not been enacted . ”
“ Since an unconstitutional law is void , the general principals follow that it imposes no duties , confers no rights , creates no office , bestows no power or authority on anyone , affords no protection , and justifies no acts performed under it ..
A void act cannot be legally consistent with a valid one .
An unconstitutional law cannot operate to supersede any existing valid law .
Indeed , insofar as a statute runs counter to the fundamental law of the land , it is superseded thereby .
No one is bound to obey an unconstitutional law and no courts are bound to enforce it . ”
( http://www.scribd.com/doc/20644955/Notice-of-Declaration-of-Independence-and-Establishment-of-Individual-Sovereignty )
Here in Nebraska , as we were just getting the " sovereignty resolution " passed in the state , Triple Hash dropped me an e-mail .
He said ( I paraphrase ) : " What about 10 / 10/10 for the Tenth ? "
In other words , he made note of the confluence of the Tenth Amendment movement , and the fact that THIS October 10th would be noted as 10/10/10 .
That , of course , was too perfect to ignore .
The NEC4L purchased some likely domain names , and then I started talking with one of my " partners in crime " at Grassroots in Nebraska , and we started on a trip that I 'm not really sure we could stop at this point .
The essence of it all : on this October 10th , we will be having an pro-10th Amendment rally on our Capitol steps .
NOT a Tea Party , but a rally for an affirmation of state sovereignty .
This will be just 3 weeks before the General Election .
To that end , our intention is to invite candidates -- both Republican and Democrat - - for state offices ( legislature an constitutional officers ) to come and sign a pledge stating that they will protect the citizens of Nebraska from encroachments by the federal government .
We 'll invite candidates who are members of the House , as well , but their role in this is minimal -- other than recognizing that the states are actually players in the whole scheme -- and that just because they pass a law , does n't mean that it 's constitutional .
The timing is perfect : the signing of the pledge will win candidates " good guy points " ; the refusal to sign will win them " bad guy points . "
We will be happy to publicize which side they 're on in the weeks prior to the election .
Take a stand with us !
Start an effort in YOUR state ( or encourage organizations that might do so ) ; contact us ( there is a contact us link on the home page ) ; we 'll help you get things rolling , put your events on the calendar , etc .
You can join our Facebook page ; follow us on Twitter ; or subscribe to updates ( along the sidebar of the home page ) .
We want to partner with other states however we can -- but we 're going to focus on our efforts in Nebraska , so it 's up to others to look at what they 're going to do in their states .
And , if you want to help us pay for hosting , and build up a little reserve for that big ad campaign in the fall , feel free to send a little money our way .
Maybe even $ 10 ( or 102 or 103 ) .
LLE
There are organizations out there -- like the Tenth Amendment Center -- that are doing admirable work in building the case for a return to a more primary role of the states in the Union .
And of course there are assorted grassroots groups -- like the Campaign for Liberty and others -- who are encouraging that as well .
Today I want to focus on two quotes from Ben Wright 's interview with GM Rick Dudley :
I 've seen some of the players that might come into play with our first draft pick , and our second draft pick , and maybe our third draft pick .
I started in Atlanta and went to Buffalo , to Mississauga , to Moncton for two games , back to Hamilton , to Windsor , to Chicago and then back to Atlanta .
So I 've been traveling a bit .
At the risk of looking like a hockey stalker , I tried to trace out Dudley 's scouting trip mentioned above to see which players he might have been watching in person in late April .
I looked up the games played in the following locations worked out the logistic of his route .
It makes sense except for one part , I think he must have observed Windsor before going " back to Hamilton " because that 's the only way the dates work out .
So here 's my guess regarding his trip .
April 15 NHL Boston @ Buffalo
April 16 OHL Barrie @ Mississauga
April 19 QMJHL : Cape Breton @ Moncton
April 20 QMJHL : Cape Breton @ Moncton
April 22 OHL : Kitchener @ Windsor
April 25 AHL : Manitoba @ Hamilton
April 26th AHL Milwaukee @ Chicago
Now before we take a look at the names of players Dudley observed , it is important to note that this late in the hockey season Dudley 's choices were much more limited .
A great many prospects were no longer playing and he needed to create a travel plan that was reasonably efficient .
NHL Boston @ Buffalo .
Pending UFAs
Buffalo : Toni Lydman , Henrik Tallinder , Raffi Torres , Matt Ellis .
Boston : Dennis Seidenberg , Mark Recchi , Miro Satan , Shawn Thornton , Johnny Boychuk , Steve Begin. RFA Blake
Wheeler could be possibly be moved .
OHL Barrie @ Missassagua
QMJHL : Cape Breton @ Moncton
Brandon Gormley Central Scouting # 6 NA Skater
Kirill Kabanov CS # 31 NA Skater
Morgan Ellis CS # 97 NA Skater
OHL : Kitchener @ Windsor
AHL : Manitoba @ Hamilton : Montreal prospects and Vancouver prospects ( and former Atlanta picks Sharrow , Painchaud and Desbiens ) .
AHL Milwaukee @ Chicago : Thrashers AHL prospects and Nashville 's prospects .
Conclusion :
So who could the Thrashers consider with one of their 1st round picks ?
To draft Hall or Fowler the Thrashers would probably have to trade up out of the # 8 spot .
Gormley could fall to them at # 8 .
Burmistrov and Skinner appear likely to be more mid 1st rounders .
Kabanov is the real wildcard as he go late 1st round or even fall into the 2nd in response to questions about his commitment and coachability .
The reactions of those gathered outside the congress chamber clearly signalled which way the vote had gone .
On one side , gay rights activists sang , cheered and waved rainbow banners .
Across the hall , crestfallen Catholics clutched crucifixes and prayed .
Argentina 's lower house passed a gay marriage bill last week in a historic vote that could add a Latin American country to the short list of countries that allow homosexual couples to wed .
" Love is n't owned by heterosexuals , " Felipe Sola , a deputy who backed the bill , told reporters .
" If we 're all equal before the law , why do we want to give a different name to unions between same - sex couples ? "
The dramatic vote , wrapped up at 2.25 am after 12 hours of debate , ended with 125 in favour , 109 against and six abstentions .
President Cristina Kirchner said she would not veto the bill , which would also allow gay couples to adopt children .
The last obstacle to it becoming law is the upper house , which is due to vote this week .
With senators free from party whips to vote according to their conscience , few dare predict the outcome .
The Catholic church branded the legislation immoral and perverse but there have been no big street protests like those that shook Spain during its debate on the issue .
Argentina remains mainly Catholic but hostility to homosexuals has waned in the last decade , a trend seen across Latin America , according to Latinobarometer polls .
Many countries permit civil unions and some , like Uruguay , allow adoptions .
Mexico City – though not the rest of Mexico – allows gay marriage .
Argentina would be the first country in Latin America to grant homosexuals the same rights as heterosexuals .
Buenos Aires is a gay - friendly capital with bars , restaurants and hotels catering to the pink pound .
Five gay and lesbian couples recently married after local judges authorised the ceremonies , claiming the constitution supported freedom of choice for couples .
Other judges overturned some of those marriages as illegal , leaving the issue in limbo .
All eyes now turn to the senate .
From Mop :
Does McDoanld ’s rot or not ?
Photos refute American dietitian ’s fallacy
According to reports , American dietitian Brousseau performed an experiment with McDonald ’s “ Happy Meal ” , and discovered that a hamburger and french fries purchased in 2009 were completely unchanged one year later .
However , there were also netizens who pointed out some questionable points .
For example , for a hamburger left alone for a year , why was there no dust on the surface of a hamburger ( maybe America ’s air is that good ) , that dehydrated bread should become stiff and unable to change shape , that the color of the meat should become darker , that it did n’t look like it was real , etc .
After I saw this news , I deduced two interesting / revealing points .
1 . This may be a dishonest competitive trick by competitor .
2 . There is safety risks with McDonald ’s food .
If a hamburger and french fries that has been left for a year does not rot , then that only demonstrates two points : 1 . McDonald ’s is truly junk food , and it does n’t contain any nutrients whatsoever that flies , even microbes are unable to get any nutrients .
2 . McDonald ’s food have large amounts of preservatives ( or stabilizing agents ) .
However neither of the two points above are able to be accepted .
Therefore , I purchased a McDonald ’s Happy Meal on April 20th , which included a cheeseburger and french fries ( to be used for an experiment ) , a small Coca - Cola ( which I gave to Tai Ming to drink ) , a toy ( that I kept for myself to play with ) .
The experiment begins :
With each photo , time will reveal the truth !
Comparison between a 2009 and 2010 McDonald ’s hamburger .
[ comparing Brousseau ’s 2009 experiment versus this netizen ’s 2010 experiment ]
April 20 , 5 - 12 degress , cloudy / overcast day .
Day 1 of the experiment , cheeseburger + french fries .
Surface of hamburger still has some moisture , fries stiff .
The aroma is not bad .
April 21 . 5 - 12 degrees , light rain .
Day 2 of the experiment .
Surface of hamburger has dried a bit , but still soft , no change in color yet .
Aroma unchanged .
Fries have become soft , beginning to absorb moisture in the air , soaking the bag .
Note :
The dorm is ventilated , I discovered an insect today , but the hamburger and french fries did not attract any flies .
April 22 .
5 - 14 degrees , Day 3 of the Experiment , light rain then clear skies .
Surface of the cheese is still soft , maybe because of the weather , surface is moist .
Still
No change whatsoever in color .
Aroma has become weaker but still not bad smelling .
After opening , the beef looks very fresh .
The surface of the french fries covered with water droplets .
Already soaking the bag .
Have to go away on business during the weekend , so two days without photos , will add them later !
April 23 , clear , 10 - 20 degrees .
Day 4 of the experiment , the beef inside the cheeseburger .
Captivating .
The other images were unfortunately lost while away on business .
April 25 , rain , 5 - 17 degrees .
Day 5 of the experiment .
No change .
French fries still have great absorbency .
The beef after day 6 , no change …
April 26 , showers , 4 - 14 degrees .
Day 7 of the experiment .
Major breakthrough , there are two spots of mold on the bottom of the hamburger !
No change for the beef and french fries .
Aroma still unchanged .
And a look at the beef .
April 27 , cloudy then clear skies , 5 - 16 degrees .
Day 8 of the experiment .
The moldy spots on the underside of the hamburger have enlarged .
Mold has appeared on the upper half of the hamburger .
Beef and french fries unchanged .
April 28 , clear , 5 - 17 degrees .
the two moldy spots underneath the hamburger have continued to increase in size , and there is a new moldy spot .
Total of 3 moldy spots .
Moldy spot on top has gotten larger , with a new moldy spot , total of two spots .
The rest unchanged .
And a look at the side .
April 29 , clear , 8 - 19 degrees .
The three mold spots on the bottom of the hamburger have grown , a new mold has appeared on the top , for a total of 3 spots [ on top ] .
Rest unchanged .
April 30 , clear , 10 - 26 degrees Day 11 of the experiment , multiple moldy spots have appeared on both the bottom and top of the hamburger .
The affected areas continue to grow .
A white colored [ bacteria ? ] colony has appeared on the surface of the beef .
French fries have not changed .
April 30 , a look from another angle .
From another angle .
May 1 , clear , 15 - 30 degrees .
Day 12 of the experiment .
The mold on the bottom of the hamburger has increase significantly , french fries unchanged
May 1 , a very large portion of the beef ’s surface has been covered by the white colony .
May 2 , dusty , 16 - 32 degrees .
Day 13 of the experiment .
The mold has nearly covered the entire hamburger .
The colony on the beef has changed to green color , maybe the same strain as the one on the bread .
The aroma has begun to turn sour .
French fries unchanged .
May 3 , clear then cloudy , 15 - 27 degrees .
Day 14 of the experiment .
The entirety of the hamburger has become moldy .
May 3 , clear then cloudy , 15 - 27 degrees .
Day 14 of the experiment .
The mold on the beef has spread .
May 3 , clear then cloudy , 15 - 27 degrees .
Day 14 of the experiment .
The french fries are hard , can bear 0.75 kg of pressure without breaking , the 2kg dumbbell disc was its end .
May 4 , clear , 16 - 26 degrees .
Day 15 of the experiment .
Today , the hamburger has become disgusting .
There is basically no clean place left on the beef … everyone see the images for yourself … those who are disgusted have my deepest apologies .
Also .
Let me say something to everyone .
First :
My purpose for doing this experiment is mainly to prepare for a homework / project for a clinical medicine class .
This course ’s main topic is food safety , so I that ’s why I did this .
I do not represent any commercial position .
Anyone who criticizes me in the future can immediately filter out .
Second :
The original article I saw was that the nutritionist / dietitian was located in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado .
My geography is not good so I am not very familiar [ with that place ] .
He placed the hamburger directly in a room .
And it did not attract flies .
Mine did not attract flies either .
As for humidity , indeed Beijing rained for several days before the experiment began , and there was rather high humidity .
It may have something to do with something called “ water activity ” .
This is not something I do / am familiar with , so I did not get to the bottom of it .
Third : I have not used my hand to directly touch the hamburger before ( too disgusting ) .
Every time , I handle it with a plastic bag .
This is how I dealt with the germs on my hands .
Actually , in the air exist various different kinds of germs , its just that only in places conducive for germs will they breed .
So , the germs on hands factor should be very small .
I welcome rational people to share their thoughts .
More photographs posted below … ”
And a look at the beef .
May 5 , cloudy then clear , 14 - 25 degrees .
Day 16 of the experiment .
Mold continues to grow .
May 5 , cloudy then clear , 14 - 25 degrees .
Day 16 of the experiment .
The wrapper for the hamburger has a large amount of moisture / water droplets , cause uncertain , if anyone knows , please share the real reason … the rest unchanged .
May 6 , clear , 14 - 27 degrees .
Day 17 of the experiment .
No obvious change .
Also , I plan on soon going to the Beijing City Health Quarantine station to do some tests on this hamburger and french fries , and hope to uncover even deeper things .
Again , several questions to ask of everyone . ”
One , today I called the quarantine station , and they said they probably are not open to individuals , as I am a student .
What should I do ?
Two , if things go smoothly and I can test , what should I test for ?
Thank you , everyone !
May 7 , dusty , 14 - 27 degrees .
Day 18 of the experiment .
Fries have no noticeable change on the exterior .
May 8 , cloudy , 15 - 28 degrees .
Day 19 of the experiment .
The hamburger has basically completely rotted , the texture has become soft , and is absorbing a lot of moisture .
The hamburger wrapper has at least 5 ml of liquid .
I just saw a netizen leave a comment on Science Squirrel Community [ another forum ] .
He said that when he was working at McDonald ’s , he saw that oil McDonald ’s uses is all palm oil .
If this is true , then it I am even more certain that the french fries wo n’t go bad .
I remember when taking nutrition class reading a document on using various saturated fatty acids , that amongst them , palm oil had the highest saturated fatty acid content [ not sure if these scientific terms are translated correctly ] .
And currently , many of the instant noodles on the market are fried with palm oil .
The shelf life of food products that have been fried in palm oil can be extended y 1 - 2 years …my god … I need to keep these french fries in my dorm for 2 years …
Pried apart to look inside .
May 9 , cloudy then clear , 11 - 22 degrees .
Day 20 of the experiment .
The hamburger is completely rotten , while the french fries are not the least bit .
May 10 , clear , 12 - 23 degrees .
Day 21 of the experiment .
Basically no change with the hamburger and french fries .
Also , recently I clearly feel that after opening the hamburger , the exposed skin on my body becomes very itchy .
I ’m not sure what is the cause .
Either way , now after I take photos , I must use Welch [ a brand of soap ] to wipe the table .
To avoid having to open the wrapper / packaging every day ( actually , it is already rotten ) and releasing large quantities of bacteria into the air , today I have already switched the hamburger into a clear plastic bag , but do n’t worry , everyone , I have not sealed the opening , so it is n’t airtight [ or lack oxygen ] .
Begging the professionals :
What is the most likely type / strain of bacteria / fungus / germ of this green fuzz ?
Penicillin or aflatoxin or something else [ not sure about translations here ] ?
How harmful to human health ?
Because I know aflatoxin’s is pretty carcinogenic .
I asked about professionally determining the species today , and the estimated money required was four digits , so I dropped the idea .
May 11 , clear , 12 - 25 degrees , Day 22 of the experiment .
As a result of my body always feeling very itchy after opening the hamburger wrapper , and afraid that the threat to human heath is too big , yesterday I put the “ hamburger ” inside a clear plastic bag ( without sealing it shut ) planning to observe through the plastic bag .
At the time , the plastic bag was very clear , but today …
Note :
The yellow part is the bread on the top of the hamburger .
Previously the completely green part was the bottom .
As a result of lifting it up a few days ago but not wanting to flip the hamburger over , I did not photograph the top of the bun .
Although the top part looks more yellow than the bottom part , it has already completely gone bad .
It is not like bread anymore .
Also , today has yielded this much liquid on the hamburger .
I completely agree with what netizens have observed :
The water produced from the process of breaking down of sugar .
Recently many people have been leaving comments , amongst them many very reasonable , that whether food rots or does n’t rot has a lot to do with moisture and humidity , that food not eroded by micro-organisms is arbitrarily because of added preservatives , is not correct .
I agree .
Yesterday someone said the french fry hanging a dumbbell was PS‘d , so today I selected another french fry to take photos .
What is shocking is , a miracle happened … ”
A temporary simple set - up , made of simple things , using a stack of books to hold down two chopsticks .
0.75kg is definitely kid ’s stuff , today it broke 2kg …
In the end , even 2.5 kg was no problem …
What it is hanging is not a dumbbell , but loneliness .
In the end , that french fry was able to hold firm , and I was moved by the french fry ’s unwavering determination , so I did not continue tormenting it , so it can live out its old age …
May 12 , clear , 12 - 27 degrees , day 23 of the experiment , no change .
One netizen ’s suggestion I approved very much of , here appealing to people everywhere in the country to join me in perfoming experiments , to see the changes of a hamburger in different environments .
As for the control group , a control group for the hamburger ’s is too difficult to do .
The control group must be a controlled variable , and I do not know the hamburger ’s formulation and production process .
Therefore , I ca n’t even control this variable .
Actually , it is enough that everyone enjoying the photos for this small experiment is enough .
Whether the hamburger rots or does n’t rot does n’t actually demonstrate any specific problem .
Comments from Mop :
被套路的姐姐 :
Those who will eat , will still eat .
Those who will drink will still drink .
There has never been a shortage of negative news about such Western fast food .
But their business is still very good .
[ Demonstrating that ] the people of the Heavenly Kingdom can not be changed .
亚克西kac :
Lanzhou awesome guy~ ~ [ LZ is an awesome guy ]
米有米 :
It appears that french fries , after going through special processing , can become a type of completely new construction material .
kirva :
The mighty french fry is testing the LZ ‘s endurance so strong , just too thin …
暴力蟑螂 :
I do n’t have a McDonald ’s near me , so if you have time , test what KFC ’s food is like !
很想吃火锅 :
Lou zhu ’s experimental mentality is worthy of people ’s admiration .
爱增肥的熊猫 :
Ding , if you say KFC has problems , I would believe it , but if you say McDonald ’s has problems , I would n’t believe it .
夜的爷们 :
In rare situations , I would still eat [ McDonald ’s or fast food ] ~
Actually , domestic food is not clean either .
It ’s probably better to eat at home as much as possible .
魔女yapo :
I salute the great french fry .
崩溃中. :
Fuck !
Godly post !
No matter what , I too am a seasoned lurker ~ but seeing this post , wow , I can only ding ~
膜拜移动姐 :
Lou zhu is so clever / has ideas / creative … Judging by those books holding down the chopsticks in your pictures above …
I can tell we did not study the same thing .
[ I ] simply would have never thought of doing this kind of experiment …
Vestino :
That Mr. Brousseau may be working for KFC or Burger King .
macintoshmop :
Yikes , I never liked junk food .
With you showing this , I no longer have the courage to even go eat it with my wife ! ”
Great and mighty french fries .
chinaSMACK personals .
Your finger is always more than 3 cm from the drill ( the edge of the cup ) , so it is unlikely .
In the event you should touch it , there is no problem .
You can touch a concrete drill while it is rotating because the sides are blunt ( just as long as you do n't want to stop it with your fingers ) .
With metal or wood this is different .
The only worry is your hair or sleeves .
Holding the drill with one finger less has never caused any problems as the drill does not really " bite " in concrete .
90 % handling is done by the hand that operates the button .
A video , I would have to drill a hole in my ceiling for demonstration purposes ...
The cup does not come of .
Arkansas Lt. Gov. Bill Halter 's success in fighting the incumbent to a virtual draw is a win for groups like the Service Employees International Union and MoveOn.org .
Lincoln will face Halter in runoff
LITTLE ROCK —
Powered by national liberal interest groups and an anti-incumbent fervor that 's sweeping the country , Lt. Gov. Bill Halter pushed Sen .
Blanche Lincoln into a runoff Tuesday night , holding the two - term Democratic incumbent to under 50 percent of the vote after an expensive and ugly two - and - a - half - month campaign .
Halter 's ability to fight Lincoln to a virtual draw and force her into a showdown in three weeks is a win for groups like the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) and MoveOn.org that poured millions of dollars and thousands of hours into his insurgent bid and represents another striking rejection of incumbency .
Advertisement
With nearly 85 percent of the vote counted , Lincoln held a narrow lead over Halter of just a few thousand votes .
And the impact of the lesser known but more conservative third candidate proved pivotal : D.C. Morrison , who supported the Fair Tax , lambasted Obama administration policies and scored laughs at debates by poking fun at his long - shot odds , captured 14 percent .
" Tonight , people in Washington are getting mighty nervous about what is happening in Arkansas .
And they ought to be .
Arkansans are on the march to another victory .
Three weeks , two candidates , one choice for change ! , " Halter said at his election party at the Peabody Hotel , located less than a mile from Lincoln 's headquarters .
" Today , we ’ve put the political insiders and special interests on the ropes .
And three weeks from tonight , we ’re going to knock them out , " he said to cheers .
Meanwhile on the Republican side , Rep. John Boozman , the popular congressman from Northwest Arkansas , was able to avoid a runoff , easily disposing of Lincoln 's 2004 opponent , Jim Holt , as well as state senator Gilbert Baker in a crowded eight - candidate Senate primary field .
The results free up Boozman to move right into a general election campaign , where polls show he already holds an advantage , while Lincoln and Halter do battle for another 21 days in a contest that is likely to harden raw feelings in their fractured party .
" I am confident that Arkansas is one of our party 's strongest pick - up opportunities this November , " boasted National Republican Senatorial Committee chair John Cornyn in a statement .
In a fiery speech to supporters at the Holiday Inn in downtown Little Rock , Lincoln claimed a popular vote victory and insisted that " I have been part of the solution in Washington , I have not been part of the problem . "
She also asked Halter to change the tone of what 's expected to be rough and tumble runoff campaign .
" I want to call on Bill Halter to end all of his negative ads and I will too , " Lincoln said .
She described herself as the underdog in the race , chiding the national media for writing off her prospects weeks ago .
" Guess what ?
They got another thing coming , " she said .
" This campaign is not about the outside groups who are trying desperately who are trying to exert their influence here .
It is about us as Arkansans , " she said .
" The people of Arkansas have spoken .
We want to control our own destiny and we will . "
" We have proved by winning the popular vote that we can not be written off and we wo n't be .
The next three weeks are going to prove us right , " she added .
Lincoln 's punchy , pointed speech could not dispel the dour looks on the faces of some of her staffers , who seemed shocked that Halter proved to be so competitive with the chair of the Senate Agricultural committee .
Halter 's campaign initially grew out of anger about Lincoln 's opposition to so - called " card check " legislation that would make it easier for unions to organize and her strong aversion to the public option during the health care debate .
But as the campaign progressed , the former Social Security administrator took a more populist tact , turning the campaign into a referendum on Lincoln 's time in Washington and her ties to special interests .
But it was Halter who received support from Washington groups , and they immediately promised to double - down their efforts on his behalf in the run-off .
" Halter gave voters a clear choice between someone who fights for working families of Arkansas or a D.C. insider like Lincoln who is in the pocket of Wall Street and big business , " said the AFL - CIO 's Josh Goldstein .
The union , which claims to have made 60,000 phone calls on behalf of Halter 's candidacy and dropped 200,000 leaflets , said it had already began voter contact efforts .
Added SEIU president Mary Kay : " What Senator Lincoln learned tonight and what elected leaders all around this country should note is that the days of ' business as usual ' are over .
And what hardworking women and men all around this nation are seeing tonight is that they can hold politicians accountable for the promises they make and break . "
SEIU national political director Jon Youngdahl told POLITICO that Halter was in a prime position to pick off Morrison 's voters .
" They want to see change happen in D.C. on job creation and holding Wall Street accountable and are frustrated by the lack of progress , " he said .
In House races , Republicans nominated their favored candidates in three Democratic - held districts they ’re hoping to contest , but will have to wait until next month ’s runoffs to learn who their Democratic opponents will be for the seats held by retiring Reps.
Marion Berry ( D - Ark. ) and Vic Snyder ( D - Ark . ) .
Former U.S. Attorney Tim Griffin , the GOP ’s favored recruit in Snyder ’s Little Rock district , tallied 61 percent of the vote against a Republican challenger who criticized his background working as a political operative for former President George W. Bush .
Griffin will face either state senator Joyce Elliott or state House Speaker Robbie Wills , who are squaring off in next month ’s Democratic runoff .
Berry was able to help his chief of staff , Chad Causey , finish in second place in the Democratic primary – good enough to force a runoff against conservative former state senator Tim Wooldridge .
The winner will face Republican businessman Rick Crawford , in a rural , conservative district where voters are predominantly Democrat , but gave John McCain a 21 - point margin of victory in 2008 .
Republicans are n’t quite as bullish about their chances of unseating veteran Blue Dog Mike Ross , but are hoping former Beth Anne Rankin , who served as an aide to former Gov. Mike Huckabee .
can pull off an upset .
Rankin defeated local tea party activist Glenn Gallas by a 10 - point margin .
And in the House seat being vacated by Boozman , Rogers Mayor Steve Womack handily outpaced a crowded Republican field and faces a runoff against either state senator Cecile Bledsoe or Gunner DeLay .
The winner will be the heavy favorite in the race .
Josh Kraushaar contributed to this report .
Article content
Even as physicist Stephen Hawking is warning
that it might be safest for humans to stay away from off - planet life , at least one Russian politician is concerned about an alleged extraterrestrial visit that happened 13 years ago .
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Russian regional leader reveals visit by space aliens Back to video
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is being asked to investigate whether the leader of the country ’s Kalmykia region
could have spilled state secrets when he was visited by space aliens in 1997 ,
.
In a television interview last month , Kirsan Ilyumzhinov
announced with apparent seriousness that aliens showed up at his home and gave him a tour of their spaceship .
This revelation prompted MP and Duma
Security Committee member Andrei Lebedev to write to Medvedev expressing fears — again , with apparent seriousness — that secret information could have been disclosed in the close encounter .
:
[ Lebedev ] sent a letter to Medvedev on April 29 , urging the president to ask Ilyumzhinov how his meeting with aliens had influenced his rule of Kalmykia and whether the aliens had attempted to learn anything from him .
Lebedev also asked Medvedev whether Ilyumzhinov had ever informed the Kremlin of his contacts with aliens and whether a procedure was in place for senior officials who know state secrets — like Ilyumzhinov — to report such contacts to the Kremlin .
In the interview , Ilyumzhinov said he was falling asleep when he heard someone calling him from the balcony .
He went out and saw a “ semi - transparent half tube ” that he entered to meet human - like creatures in yellow spacesuits , the Times
reports .
Ilyumzhinov could not say how he was able to speak to the space people “ Perhaps , it was on a level of the exchange of the ideas , ” he solemnly said in the interview , the Times
reports .
Ilyumzhinov also said the aliens had not gone on television themselves because they were not ready for that yet .
Let ’s hope these aliens are never ready because we know how these sort of things go :
Glenn
Old tops up with water at Mackay as he explains the virtues of his fuel cell device designed to use gas from water to improve fuel economy .
Mr
Old hopes to reduce public dependency on foreign oil
Glenn
Old tops up with water at Mackay as he explains the virtues of his fuel cell device designed to use gas from water to improve fuel economy .
Mr Old hopes to reduce public dependency on foreign oil Peter Holt
SARINA man Glenn
Old says his device can turn water into fuel .
For six months Mr Old has been working with a group of American engineers to design , master and perfect a hybrid fuel cell device that could save motorists money and help reduce greenhouse gases .
“ We have developed our HHO generator with safety first , designing a unit that produces enough hydrogen to safely gain up to 60 per cent increase in fuel economy and up to 30 per cent reduction in carbon emissions , ” Mr Old said .
“ We have gained national display rights to our product .
Our purpose is to reduce the public dependency on foreign oil and we believe on a large scale with our device we will be able to remove smog from our capital cities within five years .
“ Our unique patented device simply converts water from H2O into a gas called HHO , this gas is two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen .
Thus turning any vehicle into a water / petrol or water / diesel hybrid .
“ Although this technology has been available for some time , its new application has n't .
This gas is then fed into any current engine , petrol or diesel .
The gas mixes with the current fuel and increases the flame burn rate and reduces GHGE .
“ During testing at a government - approved air care facility in Vancouver , Canada , a reduction of 51.5 per cent of emissions was achieved on a 5.9 litre Cummins turbo diesel engine .
“ One of the best features of our product is that the gas is produced on demand , so there are no storage requirements of hydrogen .
You start your vehicle it produces the gas , turn the vehicle off ( and ) production ceases .
“ Also our product is able to be transferred from vehicle to vehicle , so when a customer sells their car they can keep our device and move it to the new vehicle .
“ On our website people will find a FAQs page where they will find numerous links to SAE ( Standard Automotive Engineering )
International who have data and papers which validate our technology .
“ Our product has a five - year / 150,000 km warranty and we believe so strongly in it that we are also giving all truckies and commercial diesel users a 100 per cent money - back guarantee .
If they do n't save fuel we will give the money back . ”
The HHO generator retails at $ 780 and Glenn can be contacted through the website or at Sarina Markets tomorrow .
For more information on the Hybrid Fuel Cell visit www.hybridfuelcell.com.au.
A team from the University of Toronto Institute of Aerospace Studies is about to receive special recognition for the crucial role it played in the rescue of three Apollo 13 astronauts 40 years ago .
The team will be honoured with the Canadian Air and Space Museum 's Pioneer award during a ceremony Tuesday at the museum just outside Toronto .
The drama began on April 13 , 1970 , when an oxygen tank on the Apollo spacecraft exploded , forcing a planned lunar landing to be scrapped in mid-mission .
Astronaut Jack Swigert sent a message from the Apollo command module , telling mission control : " Houston , we 've had a problem here . "
A phone call for assistance was made to the University of Toronto Institute of Aerospace Studies on April 16 , 1970 .
The team was engaged to figure out crucial calculations needed to separate Apollo 's command module from its lunar module to allow them to return safely to Earth .
The lunar module had served as a lifeboat for Swigert and James Lovell and Fred Haise , his two space companions , as scientists and engineers worked out rescue plans for the astronauts .
Personal Quote :
I 'm a natural blonde .
But when I started acting , I would go to auditions and they did n't know where to put me because I was voluptuous and had the accent -- but I had blonde hair .
It was ignorance : they thought every Latin person looks like Salma Hayek
A MAN who claimed he was kicked out of a pub for being too good - looking has had his complaint upheld .
Casanova Colin
Belle claimed that door staff at the Shenannigans Irish Bar in Darwin resented his success with the venue 's female clientele , The Northern Territory News reported .
He also accused them of targeting him because he was black .
" When I go in a bar I guarantee you I stand there , not moving , and 15 women come up to me , " Mr Belle said .
" I'm a friendly person , of course I 'm going to talk to them . "
Bouncer Gene Hocking was given a formal warning by the NI Licensing Commission for using undue force on Mr Belle when refusing him entry .
Mr Hocking told a commission hearing that Mr Belle had a history of sexual misconduct against female patrons , and that he had previously denied him entry to two different venues .
In the commission 's decision , chairman Richard O'Sullivan said Mr Belle had returned to the pub to " debate his eviction . "
The commission watched surveillance footage of the incident , and said the force used by Mr Hocking was inappropriate .
" On two occasions Mr Belle was pushed to the ground , " Mr O'Sullivan said in the decision .
" The commission does not accept Mr Hocking 's submission that Mr Belle 's actions at the time constituted a threat to his safety or that physical force was necessary at all to remove Mr Belle . "
Mr O'Sullivan said the commission took into consideration Mr Hocking 's good record and reputation into account , as well as Mr Belle 's " argumentative and at times somewhat annoying nature " .
The commission declined to suspend Mr Hocking 's license , and instead issued a formal warning for breaching the code of practice for crowd controllers .
* Would be first U.S. offshore wind farm in fresh water
* GE to supply five - megawatt turbines .
BOSTON , May 24 ( Reuters ) - General Electric Co GE.N said on Monday it was tapped to sell wind turbines for what is expected to be the first freshwater wind farm in the United States , planned for Lake Erie in the American Midwest .
The largest U.S. conglomerate will initially provide five four - megawatt turbines to the planned wind farm , which is expected to begin operation in late 2012 and would be capable of producing enough electricity to meet the needs of 16,000 typical American homes .
The wind farm is scheduled to be built off the shores of Cleveland , Ohio , and its developers -- the nonprofit Lake Erie Energy Development Corp -- have a long - term goal of building it out to have a capacity of producing 1,000 megawatts of electricity by 2020 .
Offshore turbines represent just a sliver of installed worldwide wind capacity , but the growth of that new industry could help to offset what GE expects to be softening demand for land - based turbines , Chief Executive Jeff Immelt said .
“ I do see that smoothing some of the cyclicality in the whole wind space , ” Immelt told reporters in Boston after addressing the graduating class of Boston College .
[ ID :nN24237679 ]
GE did not disclose the value of the order .
GE has estimated that offshore wind turbines could grow to become a $ 3 billion to $ 5 billion business for the company , rivaling its land - based turbine business in revenue .
( Reporting by Scott Malone , editing by Matthew Lewis )
IT was bad enough when Colleen Gudmann learned police had found her drunken 16 - year - old daughter trying to use fake ID to get into a pub .
IT was bad enough when Colleen Gudmann learned police had found her drunken 16 - year - old daughter trying to use fake ID to get into a pub .
But when the hairdresser went to the station to collect her , things quickly got worse .
By night 's end , it was Ms Gudmann who was locked up on an assault charge and facing a police AVO - all for exercising what she says was normal parental discipline .
Police arrested her after she argued with her daughter Victoria , who lashed out at her mother , calling her a bitch .
Ms Gudmann says she did what most parents would in her situation : she gave Victoria a small slap on the cheek to pull her into line .
" The next thing I know , the policewoman yelled at me to ' Get out , go ! '
They took me to a room and said they were charging me with assault and were taking out an AVO against me , " a still - shocked Ms Gudmann , who lives in Northbridge , Sydney , said .
" I said , ' Are you joking ? '
I could n't believe it , but they said it was on CCTV and they had to charge me .
" I had to empty my handbag , they fingerprinted me , put me under these big spotlights and took my photo .
It was absolutely horrible .
" I had to sit there until 5 am waiting for the AVO to come through , so even though we live together , Victoria was n't allowed to be released into my custody .
" The whole thing just got blown completely out of proportion .
I still can't believe it happened . "
The November 6 drama was the first time Ms Gudmann had set foot in a police station .
Two weeks later , she experienced another first , fronting Hornsby Local Court as a defendant - on Domestic Violence Day - while Victoria , a Year 11 student at Killarney Heights High School , was questioned by social workers about whether she feared for her safety .
Magistrate Lesley Brennan dismissed the case under Section 10 of the Crimes Act , recording no conviction .
" The magistrate said , ' This is just a parent exercising their right to be a parent - this is absolutely ludicrous ' , " Ms Gudmann said .
" When we walked out of the court , Victoria just broke down and cried .
" She understood the severity of the situation .
She was grounded for the month , but it was the stress of my life .
" I 'm not a bad person , but I can think of only three times in her whole life when I 've hit Victoria if she was naughty . "
Victoria added : " It was nothing - it was really nothing at all .
I was like , ' What 's the big deal ? '
" I mean , are n't there more important things to do ?
Are n't there people dying ?
" I just wanted to go home with my mum - I wanted to see her .
We were all so stressed out .
It really sucked . "
Under NSW law , parents and guardians have the right to discipline children , provided the punishment is reasonable .
Chatswood police duty officer Stefan Kent said striking a child 's face was assault .
" She assaulted her in the charge room , in front of police , " he said .
" That 's no different from it occurring in their home or in the street or anywhere , for that matter . "
To evaluate your options and obtain answers your questions , it is best to schedule a confidential consultation with an experienced immigration attorney .
The attorney is also available to speak with you on the telephone briefly prior to arranging a consultation in order to confirm whether your matter is within the scope of the firm ’s practice .
Practice areas we cover include :
Lately , social networking sites have been bending over backwards to assure their users that user privacy is of utmost importance -- but it may have all been in vain , as the Wall Street Journal discovered Thursday that several social networking sites are sharing , with advertisers , information that can be used to identify individuals .
A report in the Wall Street Journal indicates that a number of social networking sites ( including Facebook , MySpace , and Digg ) may be sharing users ' personal information with advertisers .
Since the Journal started looking into this possible breach of privacy , both Facebook and MySpace have moved to make changes .
The practice is actually a somewhat defensible one -- and most of the companies involved did try to defend it -- in which the advertisers receive information on the last page viewed before the user clicked on their ad .
This is common practice all over the web , and , in most cases , is no issue -- advertisers receive information on the last page viewed , which can not be traced back to the user .
In the case of social networking sites , the information on the last page viewed often reveals user names or profile ID numbers that could potentially be used to look up the individuals .
Depending on what those individuals have made public , advertisers can then see anything from hometowns to real names .
The Journal interviewed some of the advertisers who received the data ( including Google 's DoubleClick and Yahoo's Right Media ) , who said they were unaware of the data and had not used it .
The real problem is , of course , that social networking sites have the ability to obscure user names and profile ID numbers from advertisers -- but they simply have n't .
While many of the sites only reveal information about the last page viewed ( which may not be the user 's profile and may therefore not reveal anything about that person ) , Facebook was a more serious offender as it sent information on both what profile was being viewed and who was doing the viewing .
Other sites , including MySpace , LiveJournal , Hi5 , Xanga , Digg , and Twitter , revealed the user names and profiles being visited when the ad was clicked on .
Ironically , these companies may be breaching their own terms and conditions -- in which they promise not to share personal data with third parties , without the user 's explicit consent and knowledge .
But as PCWorld reported last year , sites have a “ huge amount of wiggle room with that promise . ”
More : Beware of Privacy - Policy Loopholes .
While Facebook has made changes to fix this privacy breach ( it fixed some of the code Thursday morning ) , the other sites claim their user names are not personally identifiable , because they do n't require that users reveal their real names .
Not only that , but " this is just how the Internet and browsers work , " according to a Twitter spokesperson .
According to Anne Toth , vice president of global policy and head of privacy at Yahoo , the advertisers do n't want this personally identifying information .
" If it happens to be there , we are not looking for it , " she told the Journal .
Still , perhaps it 's time to start thinking twice
Why China holds ' rare ' cards in the race to go green
By Tom Heap
Costing the Earth
Toyota 's Prius hybrid car depends on rare earth metals for its production From electric cars to wind turbines , environmentally - friendly technology around the world needs rare earth metals .
But China - where over 90 % of these minerals are mined - is saying it now wants to keep more for its own industry .
The leafy banks of the Birmingham and Worcester canal may be an unlikely place to discuss a looming industrial crisis but it was here that Professor Rex Harris of Birmingham University took me on his hydrogen - powered electric barge .
The super efficient motor , like most electric vehicle motors , uses rare earth magnets .
Rex gave me two matchbox sized neodymium - boron magnets , offering me £ 50 to push them together .
His money was safe , the magnetic field was too strong .
Such power is vital to green technology , so much of which is based on the efficient generation , use and storage of electricity .
So we need to be sure of good supply of rare earth magnets .
" We worry about peak oil , " he says , " we should worry about peak magnets as well . "
Dangers of dependence Rare earth metals are relatively abundant in the Earth 's crust , but they are difficult to extract .
The green road always starts with black earth
Jack Lifton , independent expert
Most came form the United States in the 1960s but tightening environmental regulations and a price war closed the last Californian mine , handing China a virtual monopoly .
American strategic metal consultant , Jack Lifton has been warning the US government of the dangers of dependence .
" Last year the Chinese announced their regular five year plan , looking ahead to 2010 to 2015 .
" They said they would continue to reduce the export of these materials to the West and that they were considering stopping the export of certain of them . "
The Chinese motives are pretty clear .
They want Western users to do their manufacturing in China and they need supplies for their own ambitious wind energy programme .
They plan to build 120 GW of wind generated electricity by 2020 , more than Britain 's entire electricity production .
That alone demands a full year 's supply of rare earth metals .
The former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping once remarked " There is oil in the Middle East , there is rare earth in China . "
Environmental concerns Japan has already woken up to the implications of this by building up stockpiles .
Toyota , who make the rare earth guzzling Prius hybrid car , is considering opening its own mine in Vietnam .
The United States is worried about supplies for the military while the UK government has examined the risks for our own plans for more electric cars .
The search is now on for alternative sources of rare earths , with mines planned for California , Australia , Arctic Canada and even Greenland .
Baotou in China is on top of about 60 % of the world 's rare earth deposits
But they are delayed by environmental concerns stoked by the Chinese experience .
Their principal source is Baotou in Chinese Inner Mongolia where enormous open - cast mines scar the landscape whilst refineries leak vast quantities of polluted water into the landscape .
Independent expert , Jack Lifton says we can't demand zero impact .
If we want green technology then we need to mine , he says .
" The green road always starts with black earth . "
Cleaner alternative However , Professor Animesh Jha at Leeds University thinks he may have a cleaner alternative .
He has discovered that titanium dioxide ore could be an important source .
The purification of this chemical , commonly used in paints , leaves a residue of rare earths .
He believes this could by - pass the Chinese and the environmental problems of mining .
" There are very nice deposits of titanium oxide all over the world ...
Norway , India , Brazil , US .
They all have rare earths in them . "
Combine Professor
Jha's technique with the fruits of new mines and the careful recycling of rare earth metals currently in use in our laptops and mobile phones and we may be able to provide sufficient supplies in the future .
But new processes take time to perfect and new mines take years to come on - stream .
That still leaves a long gap when the green revolution will rely on the economic and political judgement of China 's exporters .
Costing the Earth can be heard on BBC Radio 4 at 9 pm on Wednesday 19th May 2010 and at 1.30 pm on Thursday 20th May and after on BBC iPlayer
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Mark Hurd read Steve Job ’s rant against Flash ( saying , in effect , “ we have to tolerate Flash on our desktops / laptops for now but this piece of crap is not going to soil our iPhones , iPads and iPods ” ) he must have thought “ hey , if I can pull one of these stunts maybe I too will have groupies screaming my name when I unveil our tablet ” .
Sources tell me he is planning to work on this over the weekend and publish it on hp.com on Monday .
I was able to get hold of an early draft , which an HP staffer ( or Mark himself ? ) left in a beer garden .
Here is what Mark Hurd has to say to about Windows for mobile devices :
Thoughts on Windows
HP has a long relationship with Microsoft … [ Note from Mark : someone inserts some hypocritical blah blah about how we used to love each other – sure has n’t been the case since I ’ve been here ] .
Today the two companies still work together to serve their joint customers – HP customers buy a big chunk of Windows licenses – but beyond that there are few joint interests .
I wanted to jot down some of our thoughts on Microsoft ’s Windows products so that customers and critics may better understand why we will not use Windows in our phones and tablets .
Microsoft will characterize our decision as being primarily business driven – they say we want to taste decent margins for once – but in reality it is based on technology issues .
Microsoft will claim that we are a closed system , and that Windows is open , but in fact the opposite is true .
Let me explain .
First , there ’s “ Open ” .
Microsoft Windows products are 100 % proprietary .
They are only available from Microsoft , and Microsoft has sole authority as to their future enhancement , pricing , etc .
While Microsoft Windows products are widely available , this does not mean they are open , since they are controlled entirely by Microsoft and available only from Microsoft .
By almost any definition , Windows is a closed system .
HP has many proprietary products too .
Though the WebOS operating system we ’ll use in our phones and tablets is proprietary , we strongly believe that all standards pertaining to the web should be open .
Rather than use Windows , HP has adopted HTML5 , CSS and JavaScript – all open standards .
HP ’s mobile devices will all ship with high performance , low power implementations of these open standards .
HTML5 , the new web standard that has been adopted by HP , Apple , Google and many others , lets web developers create advanced applications without relying on proprietary APIs ( like Windows ) .
HTML5 is completely open and controlled by a standards committee .
Second , there ’s the “ full application ecosystem ” .
Microsoft has repeatedly said that HP mobile devices will not be able to access “ the full application ecosystem ” because 75 % of applications are Windows applications .
What they do n’t say is that almost all these applications are also available in a more modern form , using Web standards and implemented as a service , and usable on HP ’s upcoming phones and tablets .
Microsoft Office , Outlook , financial software etc all have excellent Web - based alternatives .
Users of HP ’s phones and tablets wo n’t be missing many applications .
Third , there ’s reliability , security and performance .
Windows has had an awful security records for twenty years .
We also know first hand that Windows is the number one reason PCs crash .
We have been working with Microsoft to fix these problems , but they have persisted for several years now .
We do n’t want to reduce the reliability and security of our phones and tablets by using Windows .
In addition , Windows has not performed well on mobile devices .
We have routinely asked Microsoft to show us Windows performing well on a mobile device , any mobile device , for a few years now .
We have never seen it .
Microsoft publicly said that Windows would work well on a device starting with the first Windows CE in 1996 .
Then came Pocket PC 2000 , then Pocket PC 2002 , then Windows Mobile 2003 , then Windows Mobile 5 , 6 , 6.1 and 6.5 , none of which was any good .
And now they say it will be with Windows Phone 7 .
We think it will eventually ship , but we ’re glad we did n’t hold our breath .
Who knows how it will perform ?
Fourth , there ’s battery life .
To achieve long battery life , mobile devices must use thin and efficient software and Windows is anything but that .
It only runs on power - hungry Intel processors while the same features can be delivered by much smaller and more efficient processors when using WebOS .
Not only does the battery last longer , the devices are lighter and do n’t leave burn marks on your clothes .
Fifth , there ’s Touch .
Windows was designed for PCs using mice , not for touch screens using fingers .
For example , many Windows applications have such crappy UI that users depend on tooltips to figure out what a button does .
They pop up when the mouse arrow hovers over a specific spot .
WebOS revolutionary multi - touch interface does n’t use a mouse , and there is no concept of a tooltip .
Most Windows applications will need to be rewritten to support touch - based devices .
If developers need to rewrite their Windows applications , why not use modern technologies like HTML5 , CSS and JavaScript ?
Even if HP phones and tablets used Windows , it would not solve the problem that most Windows applications need to be rewritten to support touch - based devices .
Sixth , the most important reason .
Besides the fact that Windows is closed and proprietary , has major technical drawbacks , and does n’t support touch based devices , there is an even more important reason we will not use Windows on our phones and tablets .
Windows is an abstraction layer that covers very different underlying hardware .
We know from painful experience that letting a third party layer of software come between the hardware and the developer ultimately results in sub-standard apps and hinders the enhancement and progress of the platform .
If developers grow dependent on third party development libraries and tools , they can only take advantage of hardware enhancements if and when the third party chooses to adopt the new features .
We can not be at the mercy of a third party deciding if and when they will make our enhancements available to our developers .
This becomes even worse if the third party is supplying an operating system that runs on hardware from many vendors .
The third party may not adopt enhancements from one platform unless they are available on all of their supported platforms .
Hence developers only have access to the lowest common denominator set of features .
Again , we cannot accept an outcome where developers are blocked from using our innovations and enhancements because they are not available on our competitor ’s platforms .
Windows is a multi-hardware abstraction .
It is not Microsoft ’s goal to help developers write the best application for HP ’s phones and tablets .
It is their goal to help developers write applications that will run on Windows devices from all hardware manufacturers .
[ Note from Mark : should I describe how Microsoft has been getting in the way of how our PCs talk to our printers and making a mess of desktop printing for the last 20 years or is this off - topic ? ]
Our motivation is simple – we want to provide the most advanced and innovative platform to our developers , and we want them to stand directly on the shoulders of this platform and create the best apps the world has ever seen .
We want to continually enhance the platform so developers can create even more amazing , powerful , fun and useful applications .
Everyone wins – we sell more devices because we have the best apps , developers reach a wider and wider audience and customer base , and users are continually delighted by the best and broadest selection of apps on any platform .
Conclusions .
Windows was created during the PC era – for PCs and mice .
Windows is a successful business for Microsoft , and we can understand why they want to push it beyond PCs .
But the mobile era is about low power devices , touch interfaces and open web standards – all areas where Windows falls short .
The avalanche of Web - based applications accessible from Web - enabled mobile devices demonstrates that Windows is no longer necessary to access application functionalities of any kind .
New open standards created in the mobile era , such as HTML5 , will win on mobile devices ( and PCs too [ Note from Mark : maybe I should remove that parenthesis or we ’ll give Ballmer a heart attack ] ) .
Perhaps Microsoft should focus more on creating a great Web-centric platform for the future , and less on criticizing HP for leaving the past behind .
Mark Hurd
April , 2010
[ UPDATED 2010/5/18 : I hear echos of “ should I describe how Microsoft has been getting in the way of how our PCs talk to our printers and making a mess of desktop printing for the last 20 years or is this off - topic ? ” in the statements Mark Hurd made during his post - earning analyst call today : “ when you look across the HP ecosystem of interconnected devices , it is a large family of devices and we think of printers , you ’ve now got a whole series of web connected printers and as they connect to the web , [ they ] need an OS . ”
Though I am really puzzled by the next line : “ Hurd adds that HP prefers to own the OS to “ control the customer experience ” as it always has in printing . ”
HP does n’t control the customer experience at all in printing , because of Windows .
It ’s only because we are so used to it that we do n’t realize how awful the printing experience is , whether using a connected printer or over the network .
Glad to see that they intend to apply the Palm acquisition to this problem too . ]
[ UPDATED 2010/5/26 : According to some , this breakup letter from HP caused a breakup inside Microsoft : The reason Robbie Bach was fired ]
Kinesiology taping , developed in the 1970s by Japanese chiropractor Kenzo Kase , came to the U.S. in the mid-1990s .
Now , a number of companies are competing with the tape created by Dr. Kase , called Kinesio Tex Tape .
While the tape is sold by Kinesio Holding Co. only to clinicians , such as physical therapists and chiropractors , some of the newer brands are being marketed to consumers , with application instructions included on the package and on Web videos .
( Kinesio Holding is an Albuquerque , N.M. , company owned by Dr. Kase's ...
Ten of the greatest : Philosophical principles
From John Stuart Mill 's On Liberty , Aristotle 's ' mean ' philosophy to the principle of charity , here are the greatest principles of philosophy
By JULIAN BAGGINI , Editor of The Philosopher 's Magazine
1. THE HARM PRINCIPLE
by JOHN STUART MILL , 1806 - 1873
Whenever legislation is proposed that limits our freedoms , someone will reach for Mill 's On Liberty and point to the passage that says , ' The sole end for which mankind are warranted , individually or collectively , in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number , is self - protection .
That the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilised community , against his will , is to prevent harm to others .
His own good , either physical or moral , is not sufficient warrant . '
What could be clearer ?
Except it is n't clear : it depends on what you mean by harm .
Does hate speech harm minorities ?
Does sexist language harm women , by making them less credible in the eyes of society ?
Philosophical principles are like credit agreements : the headlines are convincing , but the small print catches you out .
Whenever legislation is proposed that limits our freedoms , someone will reach for John Stuart Mill 's On Liberty
2. THE PRINCIPLE OF SUFFICIENT REASON
GOTTFRIED LEIBNIZ 1646-1716
The idea that everything is as it is for a reason is the assumption behind most of philosophy .
If we thought that things just happened , we would not bother to try to work out their causes .
But then nor would we assume that longer days meant more sunshine meant warmer weather .
But this principle is crucially different from the one that says everything must have a purpose .
There must be a reason why the big bang happened , but that does not mean it happened for any end or goal .
There must be a reason why the big bang happened , but that does not mean it happened for any end or goal
3. THE MEAN
by ARISTOTLE , 382BC -322BC
Moral thinking is steeped in sharp dualities : Good v Evil , God v Satan , Right v Wrong , Heaven v Hell .
Popular mythology , from humanity 's fall from grace in the Garden of Eden to Star Wars , is full of tales of people going over to the dark side .
But long before modern psychology told us that we all have our shadow side , an Ancient Greek philosopher came up with an idea that was even more subtle : it is not that there are shades of grey between moral black and white - good and bad are n't opposites at all .
Rather , the good is a ' mean ' that stands between two bads : that of excess and that of deficiency .
Courage , for instance , is the mean between the excess of rashness and the deficit of cowardice .
Mercy is the mean between the excess of vengefulness and the deficiency of surrender .
It 's a brilliant idea that utterly transforms how you look at right and wrong .
Aristotle 's saw good as a ' mean ' that stands between two bads : that of excess and that of deficiency
4. THE FALSIFICATION PRINCIPLE
by KARL POPPER , 1902 -1994
Common sense once held that a theory was scientific if you knew how to prove it .
But Popper suggested that a theory is only scientific if you know what would disprove it .
That 's why conspiracy theories are nonsense : no matter what the evidence , believers insist this proves how tough the cover - up is .
Similarly , you could argue that the theory that God does what is best for us is not scientific , because whatever happens , believers insist it must be for the greater good .
God 's goodness may be a theological claim but it 's not evidential .
Karl Popper suggested that a theory is only scientific if you know what would disprove it ( Above , the film Capricorn One )
5. OUGHT IMPLIES CAN
by IMMANUEL KANT , 1724-1804
How often do people insist that ' Something should be done ' even though they 've no idea what that something is ?
But unless you have an idea what should be done , how do you even know that it 's possible to do anything at all ?
It makes no sense to say something should be unless it actually can be .
Kant is usually credited with formulating this principle : ' Since reason commands that such actions should take place , ' he wrote , 'it must be possible for them to take place . '
In other words , if a prescription is truly rational , then it must be possible .
Which means if it looks rational , but is n't possible , it is n't rational at all , like expecting a system to run on debt indefinitely .
Immanuel Kant said : ' Since reason commands that such actions should take place , it must be possible for them to take place '
6. THE PRINCIPLE OF EVIDENCE
by DAVID HUME , 1771 - 1776
' A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence ' sounds like advice you know already .
But it 's more easily agreed with than followed , and the results can be uncomfortable .
No wonder David Hume felt the need to restate it .
In his essay Of Miracles he says : ' A weaker evidence can never destroy a stronger ' .
Sounds obvious .
But when it comes to the miraculous , has the testimony of any witness ever been stronger evidence than the testimony of all the rest of life , which tells us that nature 's laws do not admit exceptions ?
If not , says Hume , then anyone who claims to base belief on evidence can never believe in miracles .
In David Hume 's essay Of Miracles , he says : ' A weaker evidence can never destroy a stronger '
7. THE PRINCIPLE OF CHARITY
by DONALD DAVIDSON 1917-2003
Some principles cannot claim to have a single author .
The principle of charity is one , although the 20th - century U.S. philosopher Donald Davidson has more claim than most to have set it out clearly and systemically .
In its broadest sense it urges us to interpret the meaning of what others claim in ways that make them as rational as possible .
It is , if you like , an injunction to give others the benefit of the doubt .
If what someone says could be plain wrong or just badly phrased , assume the latter , until proven otherwise .
It is , of course , the opposite principle to that followed by politicians , newspaper columnists and militant atheists , all of whom assume their opponents to be bone - headed fools .
In other words , it is a principle more needed now than ever .
The principle of charity urges us to interpret the meaning of what others claim in ways that make them as rational as possible ( Above , Tom Hanks in Forrest Gump )
8. THE DIFFERENCE PRINCIPLE
by JOHN RAWLS , 1921 -2002
If some philosophical principles seem so obvious as not to be worth stating , others shatter consensus .
Such is the case with Rawls 's difference principle , which the Liberal Democrats once considered adopting as policy .
This states that increases in inequality are only permissible if they benefit the worst - off members of society .
It sounds radical , but after recent events with bankers ' bonuses , fewer people now believe that concern about growing pay at the top of the economic scale is pure envy .
The difference principle states that it is fine for the rich to get richer only if the poor always become richer than they would have done had the wealthy been held back .
It 's a liberal compromise between the socialist demand for equality and the neo-liberal disregard for equality .
The difference principle states that increases in inequality are only permissible if they benefit the worst - off members of society
9. JUST WAR
by THOMAS AQUINAS , 1225 -1274
Thinkers have long pondered when war is morally justified , but modern theories of just war are little more than amendments to those set down by Thomas Aquinas in the 13th century .
The morality of a war is determined both by the reasons for starting it and its conduct once begun .
To wage war , the cause needs to be just , it must be waged by an army with legitimate authority , it must be fought for the right intentions , there must be a good probability of success , the response must be proportionate , and it must be the last resort .
Armies must use proportionate force and discriminate between combatants and innocent civilians .
The morality of war is determined both by the reasons for starting it and its conduct once begun
10 . OCCAM'S RAZOR
by WILLIAM OF OCCAM , 1288 - 1348
In an age of five - blade razors , the one wielded by William of Occam is ironically named , for it is the requirement not to multiply entities beyond necessity .
So , if you can explain the workings of the world by postulating only the existence of matter , you should not prefer an explanation that also posits ectoplasm , unless that more complicated theory can explain more .
The principle is also known as one of economy of explanation : all other things being equal , a simpler explanation is more likely to be true than a complicated one .
It 's a principle that has even found its way into Sex And The City : if a man is sending a woman mixed messages , the simple answer is he 's just not that into her .
The Occam 's razor principle has even found its way into Sex And The City : if a man is sending a woman mixed messages , the simple answer is , he 's just not that into her
One of the hardest parts of developing character AI in 3D games is pathfinding -- making sure that they can figure out how to move from point A to point B in a believable way .
This is almost impossible to do using raw rendering data ( often referred to as " polygon soup " ) , because it has both too little and too much information .
Too little in that it does n't encode which surfaces can be navigated and which are obstacles , and too much in that it includes tiny surface details which are not relevant to pathfinding .
So , to efficiently find paths , we need to create a more informative representation of the scene .
Many modern games use navigation meshes for pathfinding instead of the old waypoint and grid methods -- you can read Paul Tozour 's detailed post on the subject to find out why .
A navigation mesh is a set of connected polygons which define where characters can walk in the scene .
Here is an example of a navigation mesh for a detailed scene in Overgrowth : the light blue areas represent navigation surfaces .
These navigation meshes are often created by hand , or using expensive middleware packages .
However , the lead AI programmer for Crysis ( Mikko Mononen ) recently released an open - source navigation mesh library called Recast , along with a companion pathfinding library called Detour .
You can find the Google Code project here .
" Automatic " and " open- source " are magic words for me when looking for tech to include in Overgrowth , so I decided to try it out .
So far it seems to work well -- it can even handle stairs and other small climbs :
There is still a lot of tricky pathfinding work to do , such as incorporating alternate navigation such as jumps and slides .
However , Recast and Detour look like they can give us a decent head start !
( Recent Entries ) ( Archive ) ( Friends ) ( Profile ) ( Crisper Than Thou )
04:34 pm - Replacements
When I came downstairs this morning , there was an intruder in my dining room .
He had already made coffee and was drinking the first cup worth .
" Who the hell are you ? " I asked , reflexively taking a defensive stance .
He barely gave me more than a glance , entirely unconcerned .
" Oh. Good morning . "
He took a sip of the coffee .
" I 'm you now .
Your doppelganger replacement .
You 've been replaced . "
This took a few seconds for my un - coffee 'd brain to process .
" My what ? "
" Why do n't you have the other half of the pot ? " he suggested .
I had to admit , that was a good idea .
" Might as well sit down , too , " he added , but I was n't getting within arm 's reach of him .
I stood in the kitchen , flexing my weight slightly back and forth on the balls of my feet in case it turned into a fight .
Finally , once the first sips of brown benediction began to do their thing , I tried again : " You 're my doppelganger replacement ? "
" Yeah , " he said , still casual , checking email on his phone .
No , wait : on * my * phone !
" That 's my phone ! " I exclaimed , and reached for it .
He snatched it away .
" No , " he said , " it 's my phone now .
You 're replaced .
Or at least , you will be once the waveform collapses . "
" Waveform ? "
" Yeah , " he said .
" Right now we 're in a state of superposition .
Like the cat , right ?
We 're both you , or neither of us are you .
In an unobserved eigenstate .
Soon , only one of us will be you again .
Which will be me . "
" You can't be me , " I growled .
" You 're , what , six inches shorter than me , but probably fifty or sixty pounds heavier as well ! "
He shrugged .
" Details .
You 're not important enough to line up a really identical replacement . "
I tried not to be offended .
The guy was clearly crazy .
" Get out ! " I told him .
He looked at me for several seconds , clearly considering a range of responses , before finally setting down my coffee mug and getting up to head to the door .
" Does n't matter , " he said .
" I 'll leave right now , but you 've been replaced .
The sooner you can accept that , the sooner your life can move on . "
" Move on … ? ! "
I practically shouted .
" Move on without me , you mean ! "
He nodded .
" Now you 're getting it .
Your life will move on , only with me - you , not you - you . "
Then he was out the door .
After locking the door , I showered and got dressed and tried not to think about the weirdo anymore .
But when I went out to my car , he was already sitting in the driver 's seat .
" What are you doing here ? ! " I shouted .
" I waited for you , " he said .
" Your life can't move forward while we 're both activated , so we need to stick together until you accept your fate . "
" Get out of my car ! "
" Make me , " he said , simply , without hostility or aggression or anything .
Just a challenge stated like a fact .
I could n't .
He was just too big and too firmly planted there .
" If it 'll make you feel better , " he said , " you can drive . "
He pushed over to the passenger seat .
I stood there a long time trying to think of something else to try , but ultimately I could n't come up with anything .
So I got into the driver seat and off we went .
At the office , we both piled out and headed through the front doors … then I went straight up to a security guard .
" I 'm being stalked by this guy , " I told him .
" We need to do something about him . "
The guard gave no sign of having heard or seen me .
My new " friend " strolled up alongside .
" Nobody 's going to notice us , " he said , " until we collapse the waveform . "
I poked the guard a couple of times , with no response .
Seriously ?
At the door into our wing , I tried to badge open the lock and squeeze through without letting him tailgate , but he wedged his bulk in before I could get the door closed , and slipped in along with me .
Same thing at my office door .
He was simply impossible to shake .
The whole time , nobody seemed to notice us at all .
No response to being addressed , nothing .
I had two chairs in my office .
We each sat down and looked at the keyboard of my admin machine .
He woke the machine up , signed in with my password , and fired up my email .
" I know all your passwords , " he said .
" Did n't have to be told or anything .
Just knew them .
Comes with the job . "
The whole world was reeling .
I felt like I was going to vomit ; I put my head between my knees and tried to breathe deeply , calmly until blackout passed .
When it was finally under control again , I sat back up .
My replacement was sitting there looking at me .
" I think we 're there , " he said .
" You know what to do . "
Weirdly enough , I did .
I got up , went to the door .
" Good luck with my life , " I said , handing him my badge .
I went downstairs and out of the building , feeling tugged by a strange sense of sudden direction .
Out to the sidewalk , walk , walk , walk a ways until suddenly I found myself at a house in a nearby neighborhood .
There was a pretty nice car parked in the driveway .
I had no problem opening it up , getting in .
I sat in the passenger 's seat until a fellow came out , easily twenty years older than me .
He leapt back , startled , when he saw me in the car .
" Who the fuck are you ?
What are you doing in my car ? "
" Actually , " I told him simply , calmly , " it 's my car .
I 'm your doppelganger .
You 've been replaced .
Why do n't you get in and drive while I explain to you how this works … "
------
For consideration : think of me as the compact fluorescent to your incandescence
JSModPlayer
the imaginatively named Javascript .mod player by Gasman
( refresh the page to stop audio - no proper playback controls yet ...)
This is a work in progress - not all effects are implemented yet .
Sound output is done with Ben Firshman 's dynamicaudio.js ( using Firefox 's audio data API , falling back on Flash if not available ) .
source code , on Github
@westdotcodottt - matt.west.co.tt - gasman@raww.org - 22 May 2010
The federal Energy Information Administration reported Wednesday that U.S. fossil fuel - use - related emissions of carbon dioxide , the most significant global warming greenhouse gas , fell a record 7 % last year .
" While emissions have declined in three out of the last four years , 2009 was exceptional , " says an EIA statement noting the drop of 405 million metric tons represents the biggest decline in such emissions in six decades , since such tracking began :
" ... emissions developments in 2009 reflect a combination of factors , including some particular to the economic downturn , other special circumstances during the year , and other factors that may reflect persistent trends in our economy and our energy use . "
Overall , a severe recession in heavy industry and a turn towards a service economy , coupled with drops in transportation , led to the decline , finds the analysis .
U.S. gross domestic product plunged 6.3 % last year , the biggest drop since the 1982 recession .
Carbon dioxide is the biggest player in greenhouse gas emissions linked to global warming , concluded the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
The 2007 Massachusetts vs. EPA Supreme Court decision found the gas a pollutant under the Clean Air Act , leading to ongoing efforts by the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate its use , and discussion of various energy and climate bills in the U.S. Senate .
" As the economy recovers , the structure of that recovery will be important to the future emissions profile of the United States .
If energy - intensive industries lead the economic recovery , emissions would increase faster than if service industries or light manufacturing play the leading role , " concludes the EIA analysis .
" However , longer - term trends continue to suggest decline in both the amount of energy used per unit of economic output and the carbon intensity of our energy supply , which both work to restrain emissions . "
By Dan Vergano
1 .
2 .
3 .
4 .
5 .
6 .
7 .
8 .
9 .
10 .
Just some random stuff I 've either discussed or thought about in the last few days .--- The deadlift is poorly suited to a high training frequency .
I 've never derived any benefit from training the lift more than once per week ; and even that is pushing it in terms of recovery if I 'm squatting heavy within that same week .
Generally speaking , I 've had my best deadlift - sessions while training the lift no more than once every 8 - 12th day .
When increasing the weight for a movement , you need to pay attention to the percentage increase in load .
This may seem like common sense , but people are prone to ignore it and only think of the increase in terms of poundage .
Guys are sometimes stumped about why they lose a lot of reps when switching to a heavier set of dumbells .
They go from 50 lbs x 8 for seated dumbbell presses to 55 lbs x 5 - 6 - a loss of 2 - 3 reps accompanied by a feeling of " Oh shit .
This was a lot heavier than I imagined . "
Well , a mere 5 - lb increase in load for dumbbells often represents a +10 % increase in load unless you 're fairly strong .
Assuming strength is unchanged , you 'll lose about 1 rep for every 2.5 % increase in load .
Thus a 10 % increase may cause the loss of 4 reps if you did n't gain any strength since the last session .
So when you 're moving up to the next pair of dumbbells , consider the percentage increase in the load you 'll be working with .
Make sure to get at least 8 reps with your current dumbbell - pair before jumping to the next pair ; this will give you some leeway with regards to potential loss of reps and hopefully be able to eek out at least 5 reps using the new weight .
Going all out on some compound movements , i.e RPT , warrants a day of rest before returning to the gym .
Attempting a second session within 24 hrs after the first is more often than not a losing strategy .
I always note a negative effect on my strength on the second session - even if the lift ( s ) trained on the preceding day ( s ) involved completely different muscle group (s ) .
For example , squats to failure will affect pressing strength on the next day .
This is likely due to effects on the central nervous system caused by failure - training ( such as RPT or HIT ) .
A crumpled old " training log " .
Do n't matter where or how you keep it , but you better make damn sure you have one .
For as long as I can remember I 've been using old post - it notes to keep track of my workouts .
The primary function of weight - training on a diet should be to preserve muscle mass and maintain strength .
If this attitude is in place , it 's possible to increase strength and muscle mass while losing fat depending on the training status of the client .
I am not a fan of " metabolic " workouts or glycogen - depletion as a means to fat loss .
It 's inferior to regular weight - training and not a time - efficient way to increase calorie expenditure .
It also tends to increase the perceived challenge of the diet ; lactate - inducing workouts can be gruesome .
My goal is always to make the diet as painless and easy as possible .
Painful workouts are never part of the plan .
During fat loss , no one needs to weight - train more than 3x / week .
Muscle groups do n't need higher frequency than 1x / week if intensity is high .
Find more productive things to do with your time .
Most people screw themselves over by being in the gym too much and too often .
Less is more and this is especially true on a diet .
Studies suggest greater strength gains with longer rest periods .
In a recent study , 5 minutes was superior to 1 and 3 mins .
Too bad they did n't measure muscle gain .
I wonder if longer rest periods would yield greater hypertrophy in the long run .
I suspect it will .
Personality traits play a role in ultimately determining the right training routine .
My experiment with high frequency training taught me a few things .
One of those things is that I am hopelessly addicted to high intensity training and ill suited to be allowed in the gym for more than three sessions per week .
My experiment also taught me that high frequency training is quite effective when temperance is exercised .
My template had me benching , chinning and squatting every fourth day with good success , but in only one of those sessions I was allowed to go anywhere near failure .
Generally speaking , people have no business contemplating specialization - routines for lagging body parts until they achieve two out of the following four goals : bench press 1.5 x body weight , chin - up 1.5 x body weight , squat 2 x body weight or deadlift 2.5 x body weight .
Image caption Senators say rating agencies are partly to blame for the banking crisis
The US senate has voted to tighten up regulation of credit rating agencies as part of measures to prevent another financial crisis .
Under the proposals , US regulators will be in charge of deciding which rating agencies should rate products from different bank .
Currently three rating agencies - Moody's , Standard & Poor 's and Fitch - dominate the industry .
They have previously faced strong criticism from senators .
In April a senate committee investigation concluded that the agencies should " share the blame " for the financial crisis and the economic problems that followed .
They argued that the agencies had allowed banks to sell high - risk financial products with low - risk ratings .
Senators are also concerned that the current rules allowing banks to high rating agencies directly make them more likely to produce favourable ratings for their products .
CREDIT RATING AGENCIES
Private sector firms that assigns credit ratings for issuers of debt
A credit rating takes into account the debt issuer 's ability to pay back its loan
That in turn affects the interest rate applied to the security ( eg a bond ) being issued
A credit downgrade can make it more expensive for a government to borrow money
What is a rating agency ?
The senate is currently debating new legislation designed to overhaul financial regulation in the US , in order to prevent a repeat of the banking crisis .
The plans for tigher regulation come amid reports that several major Wall Street banks are being investigated by New York 's attorney general over whether they misled rating agencies over mortgage - related deals in the run-up to the crisis .
There is also speculation that US prosecutors are also investigating several big - name banks over suggestions they may have misled investors .
Last month , the Securities and Exchange Commission , which regulates US banking , charged Goldman Sachs with civil fraud over the way it marketed its subprime mortgage products prior to the crisis .
The spread of high - risk " toxic " loans through the banking sector - widely rated as safe by the agencies - sparked the credit crunch in the banking sector .
Bank shares on Wall Street fell on Thursday amid the speculation .
Cuba Rice Supplies Worsening
The worst days of Cuban hunger after the Soviet Union collapsed might be behind them .
But in spite of 20 years to adjust to their own form of " Peak Oil " the communists in Cuba still can't grow enough food for their people .
" We are demanding discipline and order in purchases , " state - run Radio Rebelde said during its Friday newscast .
" Do n't allow , under any circumstances , people to hoard rice so they can later sell it at a higher price . "
The communist government subsidizes rice and sells it in government farmer 's markets for 3.50 pesos per pound , about $ 0.17 .
But rice has become so scarce in recent weeks that " certain unscrupulous people are hoarding , " reported the station , which broadcasts across Cuba and is among the most listened to nationwide .
Cuba is a living museum for communism .
Cuba exists to remind us in real time that communism fails as an economic system .
We should be grateful to the Cubans for playing the role of economic educators with their entire lives .
Given that most people know squat about history the existence of a present day reminder serves a useful function .
Cuba 's agricultural failures create business for US farmers .
Furthermore , food is not part of the U.S. embargo .
For the past several years Cuba has been purchasing food and agricultural products from U.S. producers .
The United States has become the largest exporter of food and agricultural products to Cuba .
So Hugo Chavez of Venezuela helps prop up the Castros and then they are able to buy from US farmers .
Any country that provides financial aid or oil to Cuba is helping US farmers .
Think about it .
After the Soviet Union collapsed and Cuba lost out on USSR oil shipments Cuba went thru its " Special Period " where the economy contracted and food became very scarce .
The government 's and populace 's responses to that period included a return to organic farming and lots of gardening in empty plots even in cities .
Basically , Cuba did what the relocalization and transition town movement hopes to do .
I think it amounts to reversing the economies of scale and that we can deal with Peak Oil without giving up most of our economies of scale .
Fruit , a fluffy Himalayan kitty from Taiwan ( born in 1996 ) , may look a bit pudgy , but he is not fat .
He is just wonderfully fluffy .
Fruit only weighs about 13lbs ( 6.06kg ) .
He has some of the most beauitful pinkish ginger markings on his face and his back .
Fruit is the third oldest cat in the house a .k.a. the Neko Mansion run by a total of seven cats .
Their mommy spoils and pampers every single of them .
Me and my piggy buddies
Are you done taking pictures yet ?
* yawn *
The fluffy boy is funny and silly .
He never runs out of ideas for new antics in the house .
One time his mommy brought back a small cardboard box .
It was barely big enough to fit half of his head , but Fruit thought it otherwise .
He tried persistently getting his head in the box .
Though he did not quite make it , he got a kick out of it .
Another strange habit that Fruit has is to nap in a large sleeve .
Whehter it is a jacket sleeve or something else , he will snug in from one side and stick his head out the other , napping like a cute caterpillar .
As fluffy as he is , he likes places that are snug and cosy .
Do n't let Fruit 's size fool you .
He can jump very high and is agile and fast .
This is how I nap .
He likes to sit like human .
Holy Tail !
Photos courtesy of ©faureing .
You can visit Fruit and the Neko Mansion at their mommy 's flickr , YouTube channel and blog ( Chinese ) .
Mat Coch writes :
Following Pitpass ' exclusive revelation that Formula
One could return to turbocharged engines in 2013 , it 's believed another engine technology has been submitted to the FIA which could spark an engine war .
Andreas Andrianos , CEO of Project 1221 , has revealed exclusively to Pitpass that his company has approached Bernie Ecclestone with a gas turbine engine developed for Formula One .
He also claims that a proposal is now with the FIA for evaluation and , if approved , Project 1221 could supply engines to teams as early as 2013 .
Formed in 2001 , Project 1221 has developed gas turbine technologies for a number of automotive , aeronautical and military applications .
The company is best known for its seemingly aborted super car , the MF1 , a mid-engined sports car which was said to be capable of over 400 kph .
Andrianos claims a gas turbine engine would be a much cheaper solution than an internal combustion unit , together with other benefits which he believes make it an attractive proposition .
While fuel consumption is inferior to that of current spec Formula
One engines , through the use of bio - diesel fuel the engines are more environmentally friendly .
Coupled with greater ' green ' credentials a single turbine engine is expected to be capable of racing almost an entire season without maintenance , meaning lower ongoing costs .
Furthermore , as there is no traditional cooling system the engine can be more easily packaged into a modern Formula
One car - stresses on the engine during competition are expected to be similar to that in helicopters and aircraft and could therefore easily handle the demands of Formula One .
There are potential problems in relation to the gearbox however .
An electric motor would be needed to engage the reverse gear , while teams would have to address their fundamental design as turbine engines cannot be a structural member of the car .
It would mean reverting to a space frame design to support the rear suspension , rather than bolting it to the engine block as has been the standard since the Lotus 49 in 1967 .
Ironically the man who developed the Lotus 49 , Colin Chapman , tinkered with turbine power in the early 1970's .
Inspired by the performance of turbine cars in the US during the 1960's Chapman produced the Lotus 56B , a four - wheel - drive car powered by a Pratt & Whitney turbine engine .
In three championship starts it achieved a best result of eighth at the 1971 Italian Grand Prix in the hands of Emerson Fittipaldi .
Plagued by problems , most notably turbo lag , the 56B was abandoned in favour of the Lotus 72 and a traditional Cosworth power plant .
With developments in technology , Andrianos believes gas turbine engines are now more advanced and , if given the opportunity , could race alongside turbocharged or normally aspirated rivals .
By limiting the air intake of the engine Andrianos believes the FIA could effectively equalise engine performance , creating an environment where multiple engine configurations could compete on equal footing .
Such a move could potentially open the way for unheralded engine innovation within the sport .
Volkswagen , for example , has produced a 2.0 - litre TSI engine powered by natural gas , which it claims reduces CO2 output by as much as 80 % , and has already raced at the Nurburgring 24hr in a VW Scirocco , winning its class .
The German company has been forever linked with Formula One , and giving more engineering freedom for ' green ' technologies may provide the catalyst for its entry .
An engine development race may go against the cost cutting initiatives the FIA has been championing , but , within reasonable guidelines , it could be seen as a golden opportunity for the sport to become a leader in ' green ' technology .
It would also allow the FIA to fulfil its mandate of assisting the development of technology relevant to road cars , giving motor sport a chance to be seen as part of the cure , rather than part of the cause .
COSTCO is set to open its second Australian store despite opposition from shopping centre owners .
The New South Wales State Government has approved a new $ 60 million Costco development in Sydney 's west .
The decision was made despite objections from a group of the nation 's most powerful shopping centre owners who claimed the development would be " anti-competitive " for other retailers .
The NSW Planning Minister , Tony Kelly , has given " concept plan approval " for the second Costco store .
The concept plan approval is subject to 157 conditions , including a requirement that Costco must build a new intersection on a nearby road to cope with the extra traffic around the store .
The final approval must be given by the Planning Assessment Commission of NSW the Department of Planning .
" This is great news for Sydney , this is great news for consumers , " Mr Kelly said .
" Today 's announcement will eventually lead to more variety and cheaper prices for consumers and more jobs for NSW . "
The store will provide 230 on - going jobs and the construction will provide 130 jobs , he said .
Auburn Mayor Hicham Zraika said the development would provide a significant boost to the local economy .
" It will provide jobs for local people and attract more shoppers to the Auburn area , " he said .
" The site is situated away from residential areas , hospitals and schools and is on a main road with large volumes of passing traffic , which makes it the right development for that location . "
The local managing director of the US discount warehouse chain , Patrick Noone , said in an earlier interview that the Auburn Costco would be up and running about a year after approval was granted .
The new store will be located on the busy Parramatta Road , in Auburn .
Costco opened its first Australian store in Melbourne 's Docklands last August and within four months more than 52,000 people had paid between $ 55 and $ 60 for the privilege of shopping there .
Savings for customers
According the planning documents , the Auburn store will have about 14,000 square metres of shopping area and about 800 car parks .
The selling space is about four to five times the size of an average Coles or Woolworths supermarket but the chain has a much smaller range of high - turnover groceries and merchandise .
Analysis by Costco says the 28 existing rival shopping centres in the Sydney catchment would lose a collective $ 61.7 million worth of sales to Costco .
A typical Costco will stock about 4,000 different items , compared to an average of about 27,000 different items in a large Coles , according to Greg Dring of Macquarie Research .
Costco expects first year total sales for the Auburn store of $ 97.5 million with an average of $ 155 per visit .
They estimate they will have about 60,000 members by 2021 .
Costco 's economic modelling , which is part of its development application , shows that their prices would be between 10 and 25 per cent lower than competitors .
" Overall , the analysis indicates that prices at Costco are in the order of 25 per cent lower overall than the price of the same products purchased from competing retailers , and this figure is approximately the same for both household and business card holders , " the report , by Essential Economic , states .
" Of course for some products the savings are much lower , while higher savings are achievable for other products .
" For a very few product lines Costco was more costly than competing stores at the time that prices were collected ... the price savings achieved at Costco are assessed as being in the range 10 to 25 per cent lower than competing retailers . "
edmund.tadros@news.com.au
" I want a trade .
I do .
Yes , I do want a trade .
It ’s not a players thing .
It ’s not a fans thing or a city thing .
It ’s a management thing .
They ’ve given up on me , and it ’s a two - way street .
I do n’t talk to anyone ( in management ) and I do n’t expect to when I check out of here .
I do n’t really need to talk to them .
There is n’t anything to say .
Management has soured on me , and I ’ve soured on them .
The fans are great , they ’ve accepted me here , I see the jerseys in the stands .
I could n’t have pictured a more opposite vision of what my experience here would be like .
What the organization here would be like , overall . "
-- From Mark Spector 's exclusive piece on Sheldon Souray 's trade demands .
Souray 's trade value just plummeted from " cap- killer " to completely non-existent .
Yet another big ticket player ushered in and quickly ushered out , and another with quotes that bring disbelief to the fans .
Pronger , Smyth , Pitkanen , Cole , Visnovsky and now Souray -- if this does n't cause the lights to go on in Rexall HQ , I 'm not sure what will .
The team is in the tank , the player turnover churns on and on and management stays in place .
I would n't be surprised if at least two more meal tickets talk trade this summer .
Souray also boldly claims that he was pressured by management to play hurt .
He frames this in the context of starting his first season in Edmonton and not being cleared to play .
Remember , Souray represented Lowe saving his and the Oilers ' reputation after the Pronger and Smyth incidents , and Souray not starting the season because of injury would have been an enormous embarrassment to Lowe .
I do n't know the veracity of Souray 's statements , but considering the issues that the OIlers have had with sending players onto the ice well before they were ready , or in some cases well before the team actually knew what was wrong with the player , Souray is touching on a sore spot with many fans .
It will be interesting to see how that plays out .
I 'm still extremely interested to know how Steve Staios was cleared to play the next game after a concussion this season - a concussion that ended up sending Staios to the shelf for a couple of weeks after that initial game back .
Souray is very careful to praise Ken Lowe for his diligence and follow - up , and considering the abuse that Lowe takes in the ' sphere , it 's interesting that Souray put that defense out there first - effectively cutting off any retreat that management could have made on the communication aspect of his second injury of the season .
Tambellini and Kevin Lowe can still claim that Ken Lowe was effectively communicating those updates upstairs and they did n't feel the need to intervene .
Though I would expect that since Tambellini was trying to shop Souray at the deadline he would have wanted to be close to the injury and doctor 's situation for trade discussions .
It also explains how the infection took the franchise by surprise and would explain the hasty press release on deadline day , when the Oilers admitted that Souray was back in the hospital with infection complications .
That he and Tambellini have n't talked since January is n't a surprise in most quarters on the ' sphere .
Openness and transparency , even amongst their own employees , is not a priority in the organization .
Considering the other issues we 've seen in this area , this is plausible .
He also brings up Pronger leaving town with a smile on his face .
Souray knew about the Pronger situation well before signing with Edmonton and certainly should have had conversations with him .
Bringing the situation up now looks like he 's purposefully picking a scab that Lowe just can't get to heal .
One last interesting quote :
" The fans are great , they ’ve accepted me here , I see the jerseys in the stands .
I could n’t have pictured a more opposite vision of what my experience here would be like .
What the organization here would be like , overall . "
Is that a subtle mention of the perception that Edmonton is impossible to handle because of the fan pressures ?
Is Souray saying that perception is completely wrong , or am I trying to read between the lines to get at something that 's not there ?
If you recall , both Erik Cole and Joni Pitkanen had nice things to say about the room and their teammates , but stopped short of saying much about the organization .
The early reaction was to slam Souray as a whiner and a disruption , but it was pretty obvious that Spector had this piece set to go at season end as he released it a couple of hours after the season was over .
My take on that is that Souray asked him to hold off until the season was over so that he would n't be a distraction to the team in season .
It 's pretty clear that he wants to be a distraction to management in the off - season though .
Iron Man 's suit is n't as science fictional as you might think .
Most of its components exist right now in research and development labs .
What would it cost Tony Stark today to put them together and become superhuman ?
Advertisement
Helmet - mounted display
Tony controls his Iron Man suit via a sophisticated helmet - mounted display that is voice - activated .
It could easily be compared to helmet - mounted displays currently under development for fighter jets like the F - 35 .
Fighter pilots use these displays to guide their aircraft the way Tony guides his suit .
Last year , the companies developing F - 35 HMDs announced they would be creating these helmets with a development budget of $ 54.1 million .
Development cost for a typical HMD for a fighter jet : $ 54.1 million
Advertisement
Exoskeleton
Tony 's suit is essentially an exoskeleton that gives Iron Man his super strength and maneuverability .
Several companies and labs , including those at Raytheon and UC Berkeley , are developing exoskeletons like Tony 's that give the wearer additional strength .
They are usually designed for soldiers carrying heavy packs , or for disabled people as a replacement for wheelchairs and canes .
Possibly the closest to Tony 's suit is Raytheon 's XOS exoskeleton , which allows the person wearing it to lift 200 lbs.
as if they were nothing .
Cost to develop one XOS exoskeleton : $ 10 million
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Portable nuclear power source
Tony 's nuke heart can be compared to the energy source in the new Martian rover Curiosity , a nuclear generator called a Multi-Mission Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator ( MMRTG ) , which will power its large robotic body and lab for years with a small nuclear power source .
While the MMRTG with its 10 pounds of plutonium dioxide is bigger than Tony 's fist - sized heart , its components are similar enough that we 'll make the comparison .
Cost of one MMRTG ( according to NASA estimates [ PDF ] ) : $ 36 million
Advertisement
Jet packs
Constructed inside Tony 's boots are jets that allow him to fly and hover .
While jet packs do n't work particularly well , we 've seen a few recent successes .
Yves Rossy , pictured above , has actually piloted his own jet pack across the English Channel .
And there are a few companies selling strap - on jet packs similar to equipment Tony has in his suit .
In fact , Jet Pack International will sell you a strap - on jet pack that could potentially be modified to fit inside Tony 's boots .
Cost of two jet packs from JetPack ( one for each boot ) : $ 400,000
Advertisement
Wearable computers
Tony 's suit is operated by wearable computers that are wired into each body part and controlled from the HMD .
Lucky for Tony , wearable computers are pretty cheap .
Basically you just take an awesome computer and fit its components into cases that fit into your exoskeleton .
Let 's assume he wants a few computers , some awesome antennae so he can store shit in the cloud , a few ARM processors , really good hard drives .
And let 's have him run QNX because that 's how Tony rolls .
But other than that we 're just talking about a really kickass set of secure computers with specialized cases .
Sort of like the kinds of wearables that MIT students ( like the one above ) have been developing for years .
Estimated cost for wearable computers : $ 20,000
So , what 's the final price tag ?
$ 100,420,000
To put that in perspective , the cost of the F - 35 fighter plane is estimated at $ 95 to $ 113 million .
So this suit might easily fit in today 's military budgets .
What we eat is what we talk about .
Red meat v. non-red , all meat v. no meat at all , GM v. organic , long haul v. local , dirty v. ‘ environmental ’ and so on ; how we prepare a dish , how Heston Blumenthal does it .
What makes these conversations possible is the abundance we ’re now accustomed to : plenty is the medium in which our anxieties , our pleasures and even our ‘ ethics ’ thrive .
So it comes as a bigger shock than the salmonella scare ( Edwina Currie , 1988 ) or the BSE scare ( John Selwyn Gummer , 1990 ) to hear the latest strand in the table talk : that the era of endless food is winding down .
This belief is new .
Until recently the discussion was largely about quality .
Quantity and availability only entered the picture when we wondered how to reconcile the diet of a British family with that of a poor family in east Asia , say , or the Horn of Africa .
The answer used to be simple : free up the markets , oppose trade barriers for producers in the developing world , extend bilateral aid to their countries , but be sure to eat up , because the more we put away , the better off the struggling poor will be .
In the newer thinking , however , our habits are dangerous for them , but also for us : we are eating beyond our means and stretching our supply lines .
A food supply that depends on imports ( 90 per cent of the fruit we consume , 60 per cent of the vegetables ) is vulnerable : food policy experts were advancing this view well before the eruption of Eyjafjallajökull .
VFC – ‘ Volcano Flight Chaos ’ , as the BBC referred to it – was no more than a beginner ’s level test of food security .
Most of our food imports come from the EU , by truck and ferry ; bananas still arrive on the banana boat .
Had the flight ban continued , exporters in developing countries would have taken critical losses : three days into the shutdown , Blue Skies , a fair - trade supplier , posted an SOS to the effect that its processing factories in Latin America and Africa were closing .
Exporters of perishable food from Britain would have suffered too .
Consumers would have noticed gaps on the exotic fruit shelves , but we ’d have remained well short of a level - red threat to the food supply .
The threat is there , however , as the food prophets have been warning us .
‘ The appearance of infinite abundance is an illusion ’ ( Tristram Stuart , Waste , 2009 ) .
Habits ‘ will have to change if only because they simply cannot go on .
We are now entering a period of rapid transition ’ ( Felicity Lawrence , Eat Your Heart Out , 2008 ) .
‘ We depend just as much on our gas - guzzling , chilled plug - in , “ just - in - time ” food deliveries as ancient Romans did on foreign conquests , shipping and slaves – and our food system is no more secure , ethical or sustainable than Rome ’s was ’ ( Carolyn Steel , Hungry City , 2008 ) .
These opinions are shared by many organisations in the UK , among them the National Farmers ’ Union , the Soil Association , the Sustainable Development Commission ( a government watchdog ) and even the Royal Institute of International Affairs .
They underlie the ‘ Food 2030 ’ strategy launched by the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs in January : ‘ Our food system needs to be prepared for shocks and to be able to manage risks – from climate change , sharp commodity price increases and natural disasters to food contamination . ’
At the production end of the British system farming capacity must be shored up .
At the retail end , there is concern about the future of imported produce .
The effects of water shortage and climate change get ‘ critical ’ , a senior manager of Asda told me , ‘ round about 2030 to 2050 ’ .
His suppliers of fruit and veg are already relocating from Spain – they ’ve depleted the aquifers of the south - east coast – to Morocco , where there is enough ground water to last them until 2035 .
Defra ’s is the latest warning that sooner or later rises in temperature , water shortages , crop failure , diversion of grain yields to livestock and biofuels , disease in the animals we ’re eating , soaring energy costs and armed conflict will disrupt the delivery systems , built on long distances and short order times , that service our needs .
The new hesitation about food reflects broader doubts about the last 30 years – the trente glorieuses of the Anglo - Saxon model : our confidence in the energetic binge - and - treadmill culture that propelled us through the 1980s and 1990s has taken a knock .
We doubt , above all , whether we can pay off our rising debts to the environment .
Feelings about eating and not eating are more immediate than thoughts about rainforests ; like the energy or water embedded in the produce we buy , many fears , including fundamental ones about life and death , destruction and incorporation , are already embedded in food .
Others migrate to it , making food the bearer of unwieldy questions about the survival of a planet whose destiny we can’t foresee and the fate of people whose problems are n’t the same as ours .
Do we bolt down what ’s in front of us or do we curb our appetite in the name of our children ’s future , or a ‘ good ’ we ca n’t guarantee ?
The modern table is groaning with dilemmas .
They ’ve been compounded by global price increases – and the trends that policy analysts and scientists believe they reflect .
Since 2000 , worldwide cereal harvests ( wheat , maize , rice ) have outstripped anything in the 1990s , yet between 2005 and 2008 prices soared : wheat and maize grown in the US rose by about 130 per cent ; so did American soya , which goes mostly to animal feed .
Dairy prices shot up ( butter by 74 per cent , powdered milk by 69 per cent ) ; the price of chicken went up by two - thirds .
A month before the banking meltdown in 2008 , ‘ food inflation ’ was running at 12.8 per cent in the UK .
The hit was manageable in Britain , where on average we spend about a tenth of our income on food – in developing countries , it can be seven times that amount – but it was still a hit .
There were short - term reasons for these rises : global grain stocks were low , the weather had been hard on farmers , grain - producers withheld exports , there was pig disease in China and bluetongue in the EU .
In 2009 price inflation eased off but food experts were already saying we should n’t rule out a similar crisis before long .
Last year , a team of experts and strategic analysts recruited by Chatham House published their findings on ‘ food futures ’ and the looming threats that we should keep in mind .
As one of them explained to me , food is now a ‘ real security issue ’ , too long obscured by the government ’s preoccupation with ‘ terrorism and razor wire ’ .
Their study identifies seven factors , or ‘ fundamentals ’ , bearing down on the global food supply – of which Britain ’s is a small part .
The first is the nature and extent of population growth : we are six billion now and by 2030 we ’ll be eight billion ; increasingly we are clustering together and most of us are now living in cities , which is also where most newcomers will be born .
Urbanisation on this scale poses big questions about land use ( housing v. farming ) and the production of food by a minority for a majority as the gap between the two gets wider .
The second is ‘ the nutrition transition ’ : generations that once lived on grains , pulses and legumes have been replaced by more prosperous people with a taste for meat and dairy .
Crops like maize which once fed many of us directly now feed fewer of us indirectly , via a costly diversion from which they emerge in the value - added form of meat .
Global production of food – all food – will have to increase by 50 per cent over the next 20 years to cater for two billion extra people and cope with the rising demand for meat .
The third factor is energy : the industrial production of food is sure to become more expensive as fuel costs rise .
It takes 160 litres of oil to produce a tonne of maize in the US ; natural gas accounts for at least three - quarters of the cost of making nitrogen fertiliser ; freight , too , depends on fuel .
Land is the fourth .
The amount of the world ’s land given over to agriculture continues to grow ( in the UK , roughly 70 per cent of land is agricultural ) , but in per capita terms it ’s shrinking .
As with oil , it ’s possible to envisage ‘ peak food ’ ( the point of maximum production , followed by decline ) , ‘ peak phosphorus ’ , i.e. the high point in the use of phosphate fertiliser ( one estimate puts it at 2035 ) , and , as the FAO suggests in its diplomatic way , ‘ peak land ’ : the point at which the total area of the world ’s most productive land begins to diminish ( soil exhaustion , climate change ) and marginal land comes up for reassessment .
Alternative fuels are reducing the amount of land available for growing food .
When the Chatham House team began its work , the first effects of the rush for biofuels were becoming clear .
In 2006 - 7 , about 30 million tonnes of grain were diverted to bioethanol .
That ’s less than 5 per cent of global wheat and maize yields , yet the World Bank felt it was instrumental in driving up food prices : many wheat exporters , including EU countries , had turned their land over to biofuel crops , with the result that by 2007 , global wheat stocks were half what they ’d been at the turn of the century .
The biofuels industry is squeezing our capacity to feed ourselves .
Worldwide , one in three people face water shortages – factor five – and by 2030 the ratio will have narrowed .
Why should a global water shortage put pressure on the UK , with its high rainfall ?
Much of our fruit and veg comes from water - scarce countries and as Sir John Beddington , the government ’s chief scientific adviser , remarked last year , lack of water closes down food production and livelihoods : from the European edge of the Mediterranean to points east and south , it will turn migrant workers and settled communities into drifters and foragers .
Places like Britain with sturdy , rain - fed agriculture must stand by to grow a lot more and face the prospect of inward migration .
Any surplus food will be welcomed elsewhere , including in southern Europe , where water gets scarcer by the year .
A sixth factor is climate change and its downward pressure on cultivation in many parts of the world ; extreme weather events will also jeopardise agriculture and the movement of food from one place to another .
Finally , there is the state of the world ’s 1.1 billion agricultural workers : more than half of them own neither land nor machinery and live in a state of semi-slavery .
The conditions of this new global underclass are at last a matter of concern : worldwide food production is set on a downturn as their wretchedness weakens their capacity to produce and earn , driving more people inexorably towards the cities .
The head count of these land armies – 600 million at a guess – sounds impressive but it does n’t change the fact that the overall number of people working in agriculture is falling .
‘ In both developed and developing countries , ’ the Chatham House report states , ‘ the pressure on the agricultural workforce is increasing . ’
Land and labour issues are present in Britain in a low - key way .
Take the tension between immigration policy and the need for foreign workers : government capped the number of migrant fruit - pickers at 16,000 in 2007 ; the strawberry growers and the NFU lobbied hard to raise the cap – this year it ’s 21,500 .
The average age of the British farmer is higher by about 20 years – some put it at 58 – than that of the worker in the Square Mile .
Farming is no longer a career in demand .
Tax relief for farm properties has led to the rise of speculation in farmland , while tenant farming has fallen away .
Farming incomes rose last year , as they did in 2007 , but unless you ’re a barley baron with a vast acreage in East Anglia , the going is tough .
The average income of a full - time farmer in the early 1980s – £ 26,000 in today ’s prices – has fallen by about £ 10,000 .
Three years ago , a Farmers ’
Voice survey found that one - third of the 2000 farmers it approached were worried about staying in the industry or meant to get out altogether .
Increasingly , farmers supplement their income by ‘ diversifying ’ into bed - and - breakfast , farm tourism , go - kart tracks …
Anything to weather the low points – BSE , foot - and - mouth – and survive in the narrow gap between rising input costs ( fuel and fertiliser ) and dwindling receipts : between 1998 and 2008 the farmers ’ share of the price their food fetches at the supermarket checkout fell by 22 per cent .
Scientists , policy analysts , nutritionists , campaigners – call them the food observatory – do n’t have seven big solutions to the seven fundamentals .
Instead , they put together a mix of different approaches , shuttling strategically between agricultural and cultural , global and parochial , chemical and organic , the death of the planet and the fun of the kitchen , ‘ sustainable production ’ and ‘ sustainable diet ’ .
You only have to spend a moment on the literature to grasp that these are not confused people , unable to make up their minds ; it ’s simply that they want a range of interventions on several , overlapping fronts , and soon .
So at one level , consumers must be urged to change their habits .
At another , retailers must encourage consumers to make that change .
At another still , government must repair the heavy machinery of policy , which has been left to rust when it might have helped consumers , chivvied retailers into line and revived British farming .
The food observatory is looking for a new kind of consumer , whose habits are informed by the seven big stories and who acts – or eats – accordingly .
Climate - change consciousness plays a big role in this .
What better place to think about the environment than at the table ?
Yet there ’s a magical quality in the way the part has come to stand for the whole : we are now hoping to influence very large outcomes , well beyond an individual ’s control or even that of a single society , by transforming matter and placing it in our mouths .
This mixture of the down to earth and the sacramental is very powerful and it ’s one of the reasons we ’re seeing more rapid developments in our attitudes to diet than in our dawdling contemplation of climate change itself .
Cue the role for government .
Broad agreement about the precarious future of food in the UK is a more attractive prompt for anyone in Westminster than melting polar ice , and politicians clearly feel there ’s a point in trying to protect Britain from a breakdown in food supply ( a far more remote possibility in France and the US , where old statist habits persist ) .
Defra believes it ’s time to arrest the decline of farming capacity .
It wants more young people to consider farming as a livelihood and landowners to lease to people who ’d like to grow food .
Four months before the election campaign , Hilary Benn announced a modest £ 50 million funding top - up for food and farming R&D over the next five years .
In Food 2030 , Defra insists that Britain must find a way to farm and fish ‘ sustainably ’ – that word again – setting out targets and measurements ( monitoring soil quality , water use , greenhouse gas emissions , fish stocks etc ) .
The trouble is there ’s very little money in the pot .
That ’s why Defra puts such stress on tending the shoots of the cultural revolution it has identified .
In the rise of the celebrity chef , the national appetite for appetite , the prowess of the kitchen , the pride of the vegetable plot , the bustling farmers ’ markets , the government sees how aware we ’ve become about food .
Defra reported last year that one - third of Britons already grow some of their fruit and vegetables – generally thought to be an encouraging sign .
At the same time Defra has taken the opportunity to talk openly about the worrying thoughts in our heads as we drain the brown fluid from the meat in a polystyrene punnet .
Obesity , heart disease , animal welfare , greenhouse gases , the nagging intimation that we ca n’t go on as we have without parts of the food chain shearing away : Defra grasps that our misgivings , like our pleasures , could lead us towards a serious re-evaluation of food without massive expense to the public purse .
At the outbreak of the Second World War , the last time a British administration felt that the entire food supply was in danger , government had a decisive role .
Nowadays it can spell out desirable objectives , but it is only one member in a partnership with producers , retailers and consumers .
The consumer is still the child - sorcerer of market democracy , sweet - toothed and capricious , gaining weight by the meal and ready to throw it about : government ca n’t quite face off against us .
Well , not yet – but there ’s a strong hint that in Defra ’s thinking ‘ choice ’ is no longer the only yardstick of the democratic mile .
It prefers ‘ informed choice ’ , but who will inform us ?
While government will be pressing retailers to get into line , with more sustainable , healthy offerings on the shelves , campaigners who ’ve been lobbying Westminster for change will needle away at us in more outspoken terms than politicians can afford to use .
Politicians will tell us what we ’re doing right while campaigners of one kind or another – including the press – will tell us where we ’re going wrong , in schools and in ‘ the community ’ .
For Defra ’s ideas to come good , it wo n’t be enough for one - third of the population to tend radishes in their window boxes .
There have to be producers turning out several tonnes of food a day with the seven big stories in mind .
Modern hydroponic schemes are well established in California and the Netherlands and for British growers a state - of - the - art version now exists on the Isle of Thanet .
A consortium of Dutch growers and Fresca , a fresh - produce agglomerate whose food has been through millions of gullets in Britain , first explored the possibility of massive , hydroponic , low - carbon horticulture in Britain six years ago .
Lloyds agreed a loan for part of the infrastructure , but no UK bank would put up anything like the money they needed to create Thanet Earth , billed as the largest glasshouse complex in the UK : British banks simply did n’t get it .
In the end , Rabobank in the Netherlands underwrote Thanet Earth .
Fresca and the growers bought up 90 hectares of land and began assembling their gigantic rectangular hangars : there are now three gleaming glasshouses covering roughly a quarter of the site .
In aerial photos they look like giant solar panels ; from the road , as you approach , like blocks of polished quartz .
Lagoons have been dug to capture rainwater .
In the glasshouses themselves , peppers , cucumbers and tomatoes are grown ; in the tomato greenhouse growth is driven along through the winter by stadium lighting .
In 2009 , Thanet Earth ’s first year in production , 2.5 million tomatoes left the glasshouses for the sorting area in an average week ; the cucumber and pepper harvests peaked at half a million and three - quarters of a million a week .
The company reckoned it was meeting 2 per cent of UK demand .
Planning permission exists for another four glasshouses on the site and the target , at that point , is to supply 4 per cent of all tomatoes , cucumbers and peppers consumed in the UK .
In the tomato glasshouse , the sharp , sage - and - lime scent of the vines is the strongest impression .
The next is that there are very few indigenous British among the workforce running trolleys up and down the rails built into the grid layout of the building .
‘ They ’re originally Eastern European , ’ one of the Dutch growers explained .
‘ Only they ’re in Thanet for the long term and they ’re not thinking of going back . ’
They are not strictly ‘ migrant ’ labour , but they ’re waged and , at present , non-unionised .
So on one of the seven fundamentals – the precarious lives led by the people who feed us – Thanet Earth score no better or worse than any other grower .
On water they are ahead .
Their produce is grown on blocks of rock wool about a metre off the ground ; surplus water drains into long trays underneath the blocks and from there it ’s borne off to the lagoons , along with rainwater off the roofs , to be pumped around again .
The company ’s energy strategy is imaginatively back - to - front : first build a substation to power the entire complex and bathe your plants in light ; sell your surplus to the national grid , capture the waste heat from generation and divert it to the produce .
The glasshouses are heated by emissions from the generating process , which are run through kilometres of baggy tubing under the plants : every few minutes there is flatulent sigh as heat and CO2 , on which growth depends , come gusting out of the tubes .
This system , known as Combined Heat and Power , is not nearly as widespread in British horticulture as it might be .
On other issues – minimal pesticide use , preserving the biodiversity of what was once a sprawling cauliflower patch on the Kent coast – Thanet Earth is a virtuous producer .
Thirty Thanet Earths could bring Britain to self - sufficiency in ‘ salad ’ , but even if you regard that as a triumph , there are snags .
For one thing , new glasshouses would have to be on or near the same latitude ( approx 51 degrees north ) , as they are in Holland , to make the most of natural light .
For another , buyers for the big UK supermarket chains can squeeze a mega - grower like Thanet Earth as hard as any other producer .
A larger query hanging over hydroponic growing in the UK is quite what it solves until we all start eating many more tomatoes , cucumbers and peppers .
This means we have to agree on what foods we ‘ should ’ be eating and which of those we ’re short of in Britain .
The UK is about 60 per cent self - sufficient in food , yet food analysts would like an increase in domestic production , some arguing that a global shortage of food puts us under a moral obligation to grow more , others that it ’s a big revenue opportunity for Britain .
The next point they make is that the foods we have in abundance – meat and dairy – are the ones whose intake we need to moderate , while the foods we import – fruit and vegetables – are the ones we should learn to like : meat and dairy put far more strain on the health budget and the environment than fruit and veg do .
Defra agrees with these dietary imperatives , but it wo n’t call the balance of imports and exports into question and thinks our £ 18 bn trade deficit in foodstuffs is about right .
We have trade surpluses in other sectors : why would n’t the principle of comparative advantage hold good for food ?
Shopping in the big Sainsbury ’s near Ladbroke Grove , you ’ll find fruit and vegetables cascading in from the EU , Mexico , Honduras , Costa Rica , Colombia , Brazil , Argentina , Chile , South Africa , Egypt , the Occupied Territories , Kenya .
( In return we sell them booze , red meat and smoothies . )
The presence of sustainable hydroponic culture in the UK could mark a radical upturn in domestic production and signal a change not only in what we eat but where it comes from .
The new consensus among environmentalists , nutritionists and academics is that it has to .
In 1939 , the figures for self - sufficiency were the other way about : Britons depended on two - thirds of their food coming from overseas , mostly possessions and dominions .
A map drawn at the time , and reproduced in a memoir by Lord Woolton , minister of food during the war , as well as on this page , drove home the point that if two or three supply routes were cut , hunger and shortages at home were sure to follow .
( Note the threat to jam . )
Woolton ’s department took charge of the supply and distribution system , effectively buying up food in Britain and selling it on to the population .
Labour and resources were put at the disposal of British farmers and the order went out that everyone should dig for victory .
Within four years Britain had doubled its domestic food supply .
Food production peaked in the 1980s , since when it has dropped away .
Only hardliners believe in full self - sufficiency for Britain .
Realistic food observers who argue that we should boost domestic supply tend not to use the term .
They talk instead about the importance of ‘ sustainability ’ and ‘ resilience ’ – we ’ll come to these – as the two prerequisites to ‘ food security ’ , the objective they have in view .
The FAO defines food security as a state of affairs in which all members of a given community ‘ at all times , have access to sufficient , safe and nutritious food to meet their dietary needs and food preferences for an active and healthy life ’ .
That ’s a tall order even in developed countries : in the UK there could be as many as one in 12 people experiencing the opposite of food security , i.e. ‘ food poverty ’ ( the figure was four million when the Rowntree Foundation looked into it ten years ago ) .
When food experts speak about ‘ resilience ’ , they are expressing concern about the hair - trigger system of delivery in Britain .
Supermarkets are the genii of the logistics game : barcodes going through the checkout enable a precision - picture of the state of the shelves in any given outlet and trip the switch for incoming orders , which arrive ‘ just in time ’ : the process is so finely tuned that most of the warehousing a supermarket chain requires can be handled by a fleet of lorries plying our motorways round the clock .
In the new thinking , this is cutting it fine , like only ever refilling the tank of your car with a couple of litres : it works as long as there ’s nothing you had n’t thought of , but it also means that Britain is never much further than ‘ nine meals from anarchy ’ , as Andrew Simms , head of the New Economics Foundation , put it .
A sudden disruption , caused by extreme weather , or an energy crisis , would leave a government depending on the expertise of the supermarkets , currently servicing a Byzantine consumer choice model , to get food around the country .
The just - in - time system would become a hardy distribution engine , patrolled by the police and maybe the army , while a break in the food chain was repaired : a source of weakness , in other words , becomes a strength in an emergency .
But this still leaves analysts worrying about external shocks that could disrupt the complex networks and long supply chains – see Woolton ’s map – along which fruit , vegetables , soya and fertilisers make their way , and wondering whether a community can arrive at resilience if it ’s only as strong as the markets on which it depends .
Defra , of course , stops short of this last reservation , but the Sustainable Development Commission insists that markets may look very different in future and we should n’t assume that our strong ‘ financial and service sectors ’ will enable us to access food from around the world indefinitely .
Better to arrest the decline of British farming : the carnival of food awareness in the UK requires a corollary in the landscape of production .
The word ‘ sustainability ’ and its cognates occur more than 150 times in Food 2030 .
A ‘ sustainable ’ culture is one that produces and consumes within its means ; if it functions with an eye to the sustainability of other communities , so much the better .
In the academic literature , sustainability is now the bedrock on which food security is thought to rest .
The most passionate advocate of this view is Tim Lang , who began his radical contemplation of food during the 1970s , when he worked a hill farm in Lancashire .
He ’s now professor of food policy at City University .
It was Lang who showed me Woolton ’s map , with its premonition of food miles , a concept he himself developed in the 1990s , and when we met , he took me back to the repeal of the Corn Laws in the 1840s : a good example , he believes , of trading interests driving down domestic food production .
Lang is not opposed to trade ; it ’s just that on the religion of the markets he is agnostic and feels this is becoming a respectable position : whatever they say in public , fewer people in government now think that ‘ food security can be left to the market . ’
An insight into food miles in 1940
Lang puts great weight on the seven fundamentals ; he also has a longstanding interest in food ethics and what he calls its ‘ underlying hardness ’ .
What does that mean ?
People who worry over the rights and wrongs of the Kenyan mangetout or greenhouse gases embedded in meat seem , on the face of it , to have ‘ fuzzy ’ thoughts ( Lang ’s word ) , circumscribed by ‘ niceness ’ , but equally they ’re pondering the move away from a food system built on cheap , plentiful oil and fertiliser and abundant water , which may be tougher than we think .
Such a move could breathe life into muffled conflicts about land and wealth and widen the perimeter of shortage beyond developing countries .
Food ethics , Lang says , sees past ‘ the core values of consumer capitalism : the “ right ” to unalloyed choice , purchaser power , the pursuit of lower prices , ignorance about the nature of production ’ .
It is n’t really to do with niceness .
A common thread in the alternative food movement – stronger in Britain than in any other EU member state – is a rugged opposition to the ‘ externalised ’ costs of food .
Like mainstream food prophets , Lang takes the view that what we eat in Britain is cheap because so many of the real costs of producing it are absent at the checkout .
Costs , that is , in terms of underpaid labour in distant countries whose poverty becomes a burden on their communities , land exhaustion , motorways pummelled by ‘ just - in - time ’ deliveries , billowing carbon emissions , the conjuring of tropical forest into soya and from there into the British Sunday roast .
A mass of debt is embedded in the way we produce and eat .
One example : a study in 2000 put the price of cleaning up the UK water supply after a year of farm pollution at around £ 200 million – an expense that sidles past the till to hit the taxpayer or the utility customer later .
You could just call that redistribution , but food campaigners do n’t : they think there are too many hidden costs in food that get shrugged off to the environment , or dumped on the world ’s poor .
If you agree that all countries must produce as much food as they can , then the Common Agricultural Policy is no longer the monster food campaigners took it to be .
To Lang it is lumbering and anomalous , but still a useable legacy of the ‘ productionist ’ era , as he calls it , when prosperous states , and others – India , for example – revolutionising their agriculture , intervened in farming and markets to raise output .
He regards it as a benign phase in the history of food policy , informed by the Great Depression and the Second World War .
The 1947 Agriculture Act in Britain , which saw massive support for farmers in the form of price guarantees and marketing boards , corrected shrewdly for the end of Empire and was informed , as Lang has written , ‘ by a moral duty to increase output and to ensure the adequacy of supplies for public health ’ .
Excess , waste , high chemical inputs , environmental damage , barriers against struggling growers in poor countries :
Lang is alert to the horrors of the CAP , but he sees a strong case for reform and none for running the policy down .
In a briefing paper last year – and you can hear Lang ’s voice – the SDC called for ‘ a new Common Food Sustainability Policy ’ built on radical reform of this agro- funding powerhouse and the way in which food is grown ; how fertiliser , pesticides and GM are used ( Lang is opposed only to their ‘ corporate hijack ’ ) , how land is managed and labour rewarded .
The overriding point , he says , is that sustainable production must be increased everywhere : ‘ Growing more here need n’t mean cutting off producers in the Third World , in my view . ’
Lang has coined the expression ‘ omni- standards ’ to suggest a variety of approaches to the seven big stories .
They might have to do with the prevention of obesity and diabetes , animal welfare , reforestation , fair prices for vegetable growers in Africa or dairy producers in Europe : every argument is carefully examined and the points at which they intersect are noted .
In his tenacity and command of the materials Lang can strike you as a one - man wartime ministry of food .
Even big retail management , some of whom regard him as a tricky customer , have begun to acknowledge his ideas .
‘ Sustainable diets ! ’ he announced cheerfully , waving me down the steps at City .
‘ For all this to work , the food on our plates is the thing … it ’s the mediating idea . ’
It put me in mind of Naked Lunch : ‘ a frozen moment ’ , Burroughs said of the book ’s title , ‘ when everyone sees what is on the end of every fork ’ .
In Lang ’s frozen moment , we see the whole story as our food arrives on the table : the place where all the issues coalesce .
Perhaps it ’s another way of saying grace , though to Lang there ’s no mystery in what we ’re about to receive .
It shapes lives and puts pressure on eco-systems in distant parts of the world as well as our own .
A few conversations with food observers and you ’re starting to decode your surroundings for clues about sustainability .
Driving up to the Glemhams in Suffolk last winter , I could n’t pass a lorry without thinking there was a 25 per cent chance it was on a round - trip food delivery and a 50 per cent chance it was empty ; could n’t scan a field of winter wheat without wondering if it was destined for pigs or poultry ; could n’t imagine my way beyond the low , courteous country either side of the A12 to a vision of cattle ambling in the Stour Valley without totting up what it takes to produce a kilo of prime beef : 35 kilos in greenhouse gas emissions , eight to 15 kilos of grain , maybe 10,000 litres of water , depending who ’s counting .
Food experts are working hard to express those costs in pounds , dollars and euros , but who will agree on their sums ?
Would the bill take the form of large numbers of destitute people clamouring for space ?
Apparently , what we eat must now bear the burden of fears about population movement , as Beddington hinted last year in his remarks about water .
At her home in Great Glemham , Caroline Cranbrook recalled how she ’d joined battle with the big retailers in East Suffolk in the 1990s on the grounds that out - of - town megastores drive high street shops under , depress farm production and disrupt the sociability of local food systems .
Cranbrook became a hero of ‘ local ’ after defeating a plan for a monster out - of - town Tesco in 1998 .
She has reservations all the same : ‘ an amorphous aspiration … nobody knows what “ local ” means . ’
Yet consumers love it ; so do the associations of growers and suppliers who make common cause , self - consciously , to become the motor of a local food system : a hub .
Last year Bidwells Agribusiness , a farm management consultant , carried out a feasibility study for a gigantic hub to service London – a ‘ local food goldmine ’ , they reckoned , with potential demand worth £ 9.3 billion .
Local is now the prevailing doctrine of the alternative food movement .
Many ‘ locavores ’ are attentive to the global food supply , yet their philosophy is based on a growing exasperation with the bigger picture beyond the parish .
Overwhelmingly , in Bidwells ’ research , caterers , retailers and customers say ‘ knowing where it ’s from ’ is the main reason they prefer local .
‘ Our cultural focus , ’ say the authors of Local Food : How to Make It Happen in Your Community , ‘is shifting from the outward - looking exploration of the new , the far - away , the complex and the illusory to a reconnection with what ’s familiar , local , simple and real . ’
Even food campaigners who find this a bit too ‘ simple and real ’ for their liking are forced to acknowledge the virtue of local : it ’s founded on production , in the gardens , fields , butteries and processing houses of Britain .
Supermarket strategists have had their eye on local for a while .
Paul Kelly , in charge of ‘ external affairs and corporate responsibility ’ for Asda , told me of a distribution hub in Cumbria that was pouring local produce into one of his stores in Kendal ( 30 tubs of English Lakes ice cream are sold for every one of Ben & Jerry ’s ) .
He ’s committed to the model of competitive retail , and defends his corner of the industry : it is n’t just the supermarkets driving hard bargains with producers ; a handful of ‘ intermediaries ’ – big wholesalers and food processing giants – are at it in a major way ( ‘ these guys have enormous power ’ ) .
If you want to know who ruined the high street , blame the planners not the supermarkets .
In some respects , however , Kelly is close to the Chatham House researchers .
Like Lang , he believes the vulnerabilities of the food chain will have to be addressed by diet changes .
But he argues ( as you ’d expect ) that Asda ‘ sells what people want , it does n’t sell diets ’ and that government must take the lead , nudging the public towards more realistic eating .
At that point , retailers would be well placed to help .
‘ There ’s no point selling fish from unsustainable stocks , ’ Kelly reckons .
‘ For example , North Sea cod ’ : Asda has already reached a decision on behalf of its customers about the fish stocks we ’ve run down and stopped selling cod in 2006 .
Even though Kelly believes ‘ it ’s not yet deliberate ’ , choice - editing on the part of big retailers , informed by their sense of what can and ca n’t be replenished , is starting to happen .
Some shoppers will be relieved to know that tough decisions in the lanes of a large supermarket are slowly being taken out of their hands .
Lang detects this development , too : ‘ 23 - year - old store managers ’ are used to ‘ editing ’ for turnover , he told me , so they ’ve no trouble mastering the art .
At the same time , supermarkets have begun , carefully , to tell us what ’s good for us , in terms of health and waste .
In the Sainsbury ’s near Ladbroke Grove a few weeks back we were instructed in colourful lettering not to throw away broccoli stalks ( they make ‘ delicious soup ’ ) .
Retailers are also behind the Department of Health ’s five - a- day campaign : as Tesco says , pledging lower prices on fruit and veg , ‘ some foods are just plain good for us . ’
Kelly foresees more choice - editing in favour of healthy eating and sustainability , but worries that farmers will find it hard to respond efficiently and quickly to the new priorities .
‘ Supermarkets are very fleet of foot , ’ he said .
‘ They can adapt to almost any environment . ’
WalMart , the Asda parent , is currently ‘ adapting ’ to the Indian market with a new chain of supermarkets , after a setback in South Korea .
The move is controversial , but Kelly has already thought it through ; he goes straight to Tristram Stuart ’s Waste , and glosses the passages about how much food decays in the granaries of India and Pakistan through lack of modern storage techniques : the kind of problem , he argues , that a powerful retailer can sort out .
At the end of last year , the SDC published advice to the government in Setting the Table , a study offering much more detail about what Lang , one of the drafters , meant when he spoke of diet as ‘ the mediating idea ’ .
Setting the Table is about nudging ‘ consumption patterns ’ towards sustainability and the role government could play in the process by beefing up its guidance to the public .
So for example , the ‘ Eatwell plate ’ , promoted by the Food Standards Agency as a sensible balance of starch , protein , fruit and veg , plus a small dollop of junk , would tell us what is good not only for us but for the environment .
There is no end of these improving schemes but as Lang points out , we ’ve begun to think about sustainable food supply – ‘ after a lot of grumbling ’ – and sustainable eating ‘ should n’t be too much to ask ’ .
Setting the Table lays out 13 guidelines about how diets should be ‘ modified ’ with sustainability and ( a big one for Lang ) social equality in view , as well as health .
The advantages of each recommendation are set out – and so are the disadvantages .
Guideline eight , ‘ reduce consumption of meat and dairy products ’ , cites possible iron deficiencies during pregnancy , a potential rise of osteoporosis , the decline of livestock economies and migration to cities as undesirable effects .
Guideline 13 – ‘ eat fish from sustainable stocks ’ – foresees an increase in harmful effluents from fish farms .
Invariably , the pros outweigh the cons .
Taken together , the recommendations sketch out a simpler diet than we ’re used to , an equivalent for rainy , hectic Britain of what Elizabeth David discerned in the Mediterranean diet when she called it ‘ the rational , right and proper food for human beings to eat ’ .
Except there ’s no romantic sense , as there was in David , of a benign landscape supporting people who understand its limits ; on the contrary , we ’re being told that our crowded mezzanine culture is putting serious strains on the park .
By far the most arresting point is recommendation one : ‘ consume less food and drink . ’
Likely negative impact ?
Sales in the food and drinks industry .
Whether you feel dismay or a tremor of relief , you ca n’t help noticing that after half a century of abundance , much of that time at the edge of excess , a watchdog is advising government that the party ’s over .
Is that a joke ?
Ministers do n’t have to listen to their advisers , but they may regret it if they do n't .
‘ Less ’ is probably harder to sell than a distant war , since it ’s a direct challenge to our habits on the home front ; announcing it would be like preparing us for disaster , in the mind of any government .
Yet perhaps we ’re headed for it anyway .
Felicity Lawrence reported in February that most of the price reductions trumpeted by Asda and Tesco at the end of 2009 were cuts of one penny only , while the majority of their price rises in the same period were ten times that .
Food prices may not spike again as they did between 2005 and 2008 , but they ’re unlikely to return to 2005 levels .
The best short document about the way things go from here remains the Chatham House study , Food Futures .
Hardin Tibbs , an independent strategic analyst drafted onto the Chatham House team , modelled four projections for the food supply in the short to middle term .
The first proposes without much conviction that 2008 was ‘ just a blip ’ and habits can stay as they were .
The second is a story of deferred pain : prices rise and we redouble pig and poultry production , our hopes invested in cheap meat and cheap imports of other produce , but it ’s a tough , environmentally costly battle and we stand to lose in the end .
In the third , the worldwide cost of producing food continues to rise while domestic production continues to fall .
The gap ca n’t be rephrased on the markets as anything other than a food shortage ; alternatives are dutifully lowered into place , like timbers in a trench .
In the fourth and most disturbing model , we resemble the pharaoh , halfway through his dream in Genesis : the seven fat cattle are long out of the river , grazing the fertile plain and we ’ve rolled over in our sleep .
Now in the dream the seven lean cattle are clambering up the bank , baring their rotten gums and preparing to devour the seven fat cattle .
They are bellowing verses from the Book of Revelation , or just quoting from the Chatham House document : ‘ Multiple shocks disrupt food production and supply .
Prices skyrocket as stocks plummet , triggering food shortages , famine and civil panic . ’
An influential minority of consumers have responded to the call for a new food consciousness ; environmentalists , media personalities ( led by the heroic Jamie Oliver ) , nutritionists and food analysts are optimistic that it ’s on the rise .
Yet vast numbers of us still require nudging and guidance , and , if the food observatory is right , we will have to learn to doubt the evidence of our eyes : where they foresee austerity , we see abundance – the result of a flourishing , interconnected system of commerce which reaches its highest expression in the aisles of the larger supermarkets , stacked with produce like the wharves of fabulous ports .
Why not eat what we fancy eating ?
And why not bin what we do n’t ?
Politicians can legislate away civil liberties on a good enough excuse , as we ’ve seen , but they ’ve been loath to come out in the open and curtail consumer choice .
It was n’t so long ago that the tobacco lobby claimed civil liberties and consumer choice were one and the same – and perhaps the assault on smoking is a precedent for regulating our intake of ‘ bad ’ food .
Incrementally , that ’s to say , with a round of restrictions on advertising here , tougher directives to retailers there , health and sustainability warnings on products , fiscal measures that penalise harmful eating and draw the wrath of the lobbies .
Imagine the media in tow , thickening up the atmosphere of disapproval .
It ’s an unattractive prospect .
Campaigners do n’t like to say out loud that food should acquire a protected status , stabilised against the turbulence of markets , as it was in the past and remains in France and the US , and shielded from over - consumption and waste .
Yet if they want ‘ resilience ’ , they will have to state their reservations about markets more clearly ; and if not now , in the twilight of neoliberalism , when ?
Maybe only a jarring blow to our food supply would persuade us that the principle of comparative advantage no longer applied to commerce in food .
But who would want the industry to own up to its externalised costs , while other parts of the economy were spared this punishing audit ?
Cheap food is a miracle and we ’d prefer it if the days of miracles and wonders were here to stay .
Still , the food observatory has warned us we ’ll have to countenance a change in the way we eat – and so will the next government .
Drifting into uncharted waters on a raft of voluntary codes with a sail rigged for propitious trade winds seems like a form of madness .
A digest of sources :
Waste : Uncovering the Global Food Scandal by Tristram Stuart .
Penguin , 496 pp. , £ 9.99 , July 2009 , 978 0 14 103634 2
Eat Your Heart Out : Why the Food Business Is Bad for the Planet and Your Health by Felicity Lawrence .
Penguin , 352 pp. , £ 8.99 , June 2008 , 978 0 14 102601 5
Hungry City : How Food Shapes our Lives by Carolyn Steel .
Vintage , 400 pp. , £ 8.99 , March 2009 , 978 0 09 953168 5
Food Policy : Integrating Health , Environment and Society by Tim Lang , David Barling and Martin Caraher .
Oxford , 320 pp. , £ 32.95 , March 2009 , 978 0 19 856788 2
The Memoirs of the Rt Hon the Earl of Woolton .
Cassell , 452 pp. , 1959
Eating : What We Eat and Why It Matters by Peter Singer and Jim Mason .
Arrow , 400 pp. , £ 7.99 , September 2006 , 978 0 09 950402 3
Food Futures : Rethinking UK Strategy by Susan Ambler - Edwards , Kate Bailey , Alexandra Kiff , Tim Lang , Robert Lee , Terry Marsden , David Simons and Hardin Tibbs .
Chatham House , 50 pp. , February 2009
http://www.chathamhouse.org.uk/publications/papers/view/-/id/695/
Rising Food Prices : Drivers and Implications for Development by Alex Evans .
Chatham House , 11 pp. , April 2008
http://www.chathamhouse.org.uk/publications/papers/view/-/id/612/
Sir John Beddington ’s speech to the Sustainable Development UK conference , March 2009 .
http://www.govnet.co.uk/news/govnet/professor-sir-john-beddingtons-speech-at-sduk-09
Defra :
Food 2030 .
Defra , 81 pp. , January
http://www.defra.gov.uk/foodfarm/food/pdf/food2030strategy.pdf
Food 2030 : How We Get There .
Defra , 22 pp. , January
http://www.defra.gov.uk/foodfarm/food/pdf/food2030strategy-summary.pdf
UK Food Security Assessment : Detailed Analysis .
Defra , 145 pp. , August 2009 , updated January 2010
http://www.defra.gov.uk/foodfarm/food/pdf/food-assess100105.pdf
Sustainable Development Commission :
Food Security and Sustainability : The Perfect Fit. SDC , 145 pp. , July 2009
http://www.sd-commission.org.uk/publications/downloads/SDCFoodSecurityPositionPaper.pdf
Setting the Table : Advice to Government on Priority Elements of Sustainable Diets .
SDC , 57 pp. , December 2009
http://www.sd-commission.org.uk/publications/downloads/Setting_the_Table.pdf
‘ Ethical Foodscapes ’ edited by Mike Goodman , Lewis Holloway and Damian Maye .
Forthcoming from Environment and Planning A .
http://www.envplan.com/A.html
The Real Choice : How Local Foods Can Survive the Supermarket Onslaught by Caroline Cranbrook .
CPRE , 15 pp. , June 2006 , 1 902786 84X
http://www.cpre.org.uk/news/view/30
Bidwells Property Consultancy :
http://www.bidwells.co.uk/cms.php?pageid=1031
Local Food : How to Make it Happen in Your Community by Tamzin Pinkerton and Rob Hopkins
Transition Books , 216 pp. , September 2009 , 978 1 900322 43 0
For a tour of Asda : http://your.asda.com
The PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) exclusive , 3D Dot Game Heroes is , as publisher Atlus calls it , “ the ultimate love letter to retro gamers . ”
This is 100 % true , and particularly for anyone who has played the original 1987 The Legend of Zelda on the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) or the 1991 smash hit , The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) .
The developers at From Software are the ones responsible for 3D Dot Game Heroes .
Their past works include the Armored Core series , some of the later Tenchu games , the King ’s Field series , and , most recently , the fiendishly difficult and critically acclaimed Demon ’s Souls .
The company , being founded in November 1986 in Japan , has been around for a long time — and it shows .
There will never be a more faithful homage to the Zelda franchise than 3D Dot Game Heroes , which pays tribute and emulates almost every single facet of the blockbuster Nintendo series .
Seeing as pictures are worth a thousand words , I think it ’d be best for me to just show you some comparison images of 3D Dot Game Heroes and some of the Zelda games .
The similarities are undeniable .
While it is true that you can custom build your hero in 3D Dot Game Heroes , it 's obvious that the protagonist was modeled after Link and that the fairies in the game were based on Navi from the Zelda series .
The similarities between the characters is a lot more than purely visual -- it extends far into the gameplay , as you can see from this trailer for 3D Dot Game Heroes :
Nuff said .
For those unfortunate enough to have never played the 2D Zelda titles , here ’s a trailer for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) port of The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past , which came bundled with The Legend of Zelda : Four Swords :
Atlus even went one step further , making this mini - game rap trailer for 3D Dot Game Heroes , which is inspired by a Japanese commercial for Link to the Past , whose cheesiness can't be described in words .
But let 's continue with the comparison images .
Here 's one of the Princess & Wizard from 3D Dot Game Heroes and their corresponding inspirations , the titular Princess Zelda & the evil sorcerer Aghanim .
They do n't match 100 % , but the mere presence of stock characters like mages , princesses , kings , and simple townfolk in the Kingdom of Dotnia are enough .
The storyline in the game is pure Zelda .
A Kingdom , long threatened by an ancient evil that was sealed away long ago .
A young hero who must defend his Kingdom when that evil is somehow released .
Throw in a massive overworld , multi- leveled dungeons with boss fights at the end , and bunch of Orbs to collect , and you have what many have called ... Zelda on PS3 .
Finally , let 's take a look at your arsenal in 3D Dot Game Heroes and compare them to item illustrations for The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past :
3D Dot Game Heroes is n’t the most original game out there , but then again , it is n’t trying to be .
Rooted in one of the most beloved series of video games ever created , it still manages to bring a lot of new things to the table , and at its bargain price of $ 39.99 MSRP , it ’s a must - buy for retro gamers who happen to own a PlayStation 3 .
As symbolically devastating as the recent flooding in Nashville was to the home of the historic Grand Ole Opry House , the toll on another building little known outside the city ’s music community may well have a broader , more lasting impact .
That building is Soundcheck Nashville , a “ cartage ” facility , where roughly 1,000 musicians , including country stars such as Taylor Swift , Brad Paisley , Keith Urban and Vince Gill , as well as hundreds of the world ’s most accomplished studio musicians , store their instruments and equipment .
That makes Soundcheck Nashville something of the Fort Knox to the city ’s music community , one that just spent six days submerged under nine feet of water , damaging millions of dollars ’ worth of equipment used by musicians on thousands of recordings over the past half - century .
Paisley lost virtually all of the instruments and staging equipment for a new tour he ’s launching .
In addition to its storage facilities in the 160,000 square foot building , Soundcheck Nashville also includes stages where many musicians rehearse .
Urban lost most of his instruments , and had to borrow a guitar to perform on a telethon to raise money for flood victims .
Another major Soundcheck client was the recently opened Musicians Hall of Fame , which stored historic instruments donated by dozens of top players , not only within the country music world , but from rock , R&B , soul and jazz players .
Joe Chambers , founder and chief executive of the Musicians Hall of Fame , which just opened a year ago , is distraught over the losses , but acknowledges that it could have been worse .
“ So many people lost the pillow they lay their head on at night , much less a guitar .
But the fact is , a lot of historical instruments were stored at Soundcheck . ”
Among those donated to the hall of fame were a Fender Stratocaster that belonged to Jimi Hendrix , a Gibson Les Paul played by the Who ’s Peter Townshend , and one of Johnny Cash ’s guitars .
“ We had two of Lightning Chance ’s basses — he ’s somebody a lot of people do n’t know about , ” Chambers said , “ He played at the Grand Ole Opry alongside Chet Atkins , Patsy Cline , Hank [ Williams ] Sr. , the Everly Brothers .
Both those basses just fell apart .
One of them was used on Hank Sr. 's very last recording session — that ’s the bass that ’s heard on ‘ Your Cheatin ’ Heart . ’ ”
Many high - profile musicians declined to be interviewed for this story , citing those far worse off because they are n’t in a financial position to buy new equipment .
“ For many of these guys , this is their retirement plan , ” said keyboardist John Hobbs , a member of Vince Gill ’s band , among countless others .
“ It ’s the equivalent of their 401 ( k ) .
Those ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s Strats and Teles , your Martin acoustics , old Gibsons — they ’ve done far better [ as financial investments ] over the last 20 or 30 years than the stock market . ”
Soundcheck owner Ben Jumper said clients were responsible for providing their own insurance on equipment kept there , but noted that even those who had some form of content insurance might see their claims rejected unless they also had separate flood insurance .
“ Flood is a dirty word in the insurance business , ” Jumper said .
“ We had minimal flood insurance on Soundcheck , but we ’ve lost millions of dollars worth of instruments and equipment .
When they hear the word ‘ flood ’ all other insurance coverage goes out the window . ”
Studio musician Chris Leuzinger took a break from doing triage on equipment at one of a small handful of warehouses where damaged instruments have been moved for assessment .
“ It ’s hard to describe , ” he said .
“ A lot of instruments here were used on many hit records out of Nashville and many other cities too .
Those instruments are not replaceable . ”
In - demand session player John Jorgenson , a multi-instrumentalist who toured for seven years with Elton John , lost dozens of vintage instruments and amplifiers — “ including many one - of - a - kind made specially for me , many vintage … .
All the guitars spent days submerged in water containing diesel fuel and sewage . ”
Leuzinger noted that the Local 257 of the American Federation of Musicians Union has set up a fund and is soliciting donations to help musicians get instruments to resume working .
The Recording Academy also is using its MusiCares philanthropic arm to provide short - term aid to those in need .
“ I ’d have to say one of the most heartening thing about what ’s happened is the way musicians who were n’t at Soundcheck have been reaching out to other musicians , ” keyboardist Hobbs said .
“ I ’ve had half a dozen calls from other keyboard players in town , letting me know I ’m welcome to use any of their gear that ’s needed . ”
randy.lewis@latimes.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Prime Minister David Cameron has hailed the Queen 's Speech as a " radical programme for a radical government " .
The 22 Bills include plans for major reform of schools , police , welfare and Britain 's political system .
But cutting the deficit remains the Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition 's " first priority " .
Labour 's acting leader Harriet Harman said the programme , which reflects compromises between the Tories and Lib Dems , put economic recovery at risk .
It is the first time in the Queen 's reign she has set out a coalition government 's legislative programme .
Unveiling the proposals earlier in the House of Lords , the 58th time she has done so during her reign , the Queen said : " My government 's legislative programme will be based upon the principles of freedom , fairness and responsibility . "
Schools reform Flagship measures include scrapping ID cards and the next generation of biometric passports and a Freedom ( Great Repeal ) Bill - regulating the retention of DNA and the use of CCTV cameras .
COALITION PLANS Scrapping of ID cards Measures to bolster civil liberties Powers to set up new schools and open more academies Fixed - term Parliaments and referendum on voting system Elected police officials Changes to financial regulation Restoring pensions link to earnings Guarantee of referendum on future EU treaties More powers for Scottish Parliament
Big picture : Parliamentary pomp Queen 's Speech : Bill - by - bill Education is also a key priority for the new government and the Queen 's Speech includes plans to extend Labour 's academy school programme in England and make it easier for parents and other groups to set up " free schools " outside of state control .
A second bill in the autumn will give schools in England greater freedom over the curriculum and teachers greater powers to deal with bad behaviour .
It will also establish a " pupil premium " , one of the Lib Dems ' key policies , to improve schooling for children from the most deprived backgrounds .
BBC deputy political editor James Landale said there had been " a certain amount of confusion " about the new government 's flagship education policy ahead of the Queen 's Speech , because ministers had yet to work out how much primary legislation was needed .
A Treasury spokesman confirmed that National Insurance rates will be increased for both employers and employees - but for employees this will be offset by a rise in their income tax personal allowance .
For employers , the increased rate will be offset by a rise in the National Insurance threshold .
Further details will be revealed in the Budget on 22 July but the government says " under the full changes most people would be better off " than they would have been under the Labour plan .
The coalition has also confirmed it will offer a free vote on the hunting ban - but opponents of the law will have to win twice in the Commons to overturn the existing legislation .
' Political pre-nup '
In his first major speech at the Commons despatch box since becoming prime minister , Mr Cameron attacked the " appalling mess " he said the previous Labour government had left behind and hailed the Queen 's Speech as " a new start for Britain " .
This government will be defined not by the list of bills it publishes but how and whether its competing aims can be reconciled
Nick Robinson
BBC political editor
Read Nick 's thoughts in full He told MPs : " This Queen 's Speech marks an end to the years of recklessness and big government and the beginning of the years of responsibility and good government .
" It takes the deficit head - on , it shows the world that Britain is re-opening for business , it tackles the causes of our social problems , it means better schools for our children , real hope for those out of work , a stronger NHS for everyone and it means a Parliament that belongs to the people not the politicians . "
Labour 's acting leader Harriet Harman , who spoke before him in the Commons from the opposition benches , said Labour would " not oppose for the sake of it " but neither would it " pull its punches " .
She said : " We will be determined to prevent unfairness .
We will speak up for the public services that matter .
We will be vigilant in protecting jobs and businesses . "
The most important task was protecting the economic recovery , Ms Harman added , and said plans to change the Commons rules were a sign the coalition was already on the rocks .
" These coalition partners , lacking confidence in each other , are already preparing for the day when they shrink back from their loveless embrace .
It 's like a political pre-nup . "
There will now be several days of debate in the Commons over the plans .
MPs concerned about a proposal to require 55 % support in Parliament to trigger a dissolution and bring about an election forced a late - night debate in the Commons over the issue .
Ministers said the principle of the policy - designed to maximise the stability of the government - was " firmly settled " but stressed the details had yet to be agreed and it was ultimately up to MPs to decide on the measure .
Electoral reform
Among the other measures outlined in the Queen 's Speech are a proposed ban on the sale of alcohol below cost price in England and Wales , with greater powers for councils and police to close down trouble - making pubs and clubs .
The plans set out in this dismal Queen 's Speech spell danger for public services , and for economic growth and offer little hope to either the young or long - term jobless
Dave Prentis
Unison
What is the Queen 's Speech ?
There are also proposals to place an annual limit on non-EU immigration , which does not need primary legislation , and plans to " remove barriers to flexible working and promote equal pay " .
There are pledges to slash the number of quangos and cut bureaucracy to save £ 1bn a year .
A Welfare Reform Bill is promised to simplify the benefits system , and the state pension age could be increased to 66 sooner than the present 2024 timetable as part of measures to pay for restoring the link between state pensions and earnings .
There is also be a bill to strengthen financial regulation , a potentially controversial bill to part - privatise the Royal Mail , legislation to allow elected police chiefs in England and Wales and to create a dedicated border force .
One of the most complex and controversial bills covers parliamentary reform , a subject on which all parties agree action is needed after last year 's expenses scandal .
As well as giving the public the right to throw out corrupt MPs between elections , it will legislate for a referendum on changing how MPs are elected from the current first - past - the - post system to the Alternative Vote method , but no date has been set for such a vote , prompting criticism from electoral reform campaigners .
' Half - hearted measures ' Electoral reform was a central Liberal Democrat demand in their negotiations on forming a government .
CORRESPONDENT'S VIEW By BBC Deputy Political Editor James Landale Today was not the first time that the Queen has opened a hung parliament .
But it was the first time she 'd read out a speech written by a coalition government .
And for a document written by committee , it was surprisingly cogent .
Yes , there were the usual abstract nouns - this lot talk of freedom , fairness and responsibility but for once these words had meaning , not least because they form the rhetorical glue that holds the Conservatives and Lib Dems together - at least for now .
Thus greater freedom for teachers and parents , greater fairness for deprived pupils and poor tax payers , and greater responsibility for citizens to determine their policing , planning and politics .
But this coalition is still fudging issues that no shared rhetoric can resolve .
Yes , there 'll be a referendum on voting reform but no date yet when it will happen .
Yes , there 'll be elected individuals to set police priorities but no detail of their power or even what they 'll be called .
Yes , there 'll be a commission on social care but no agreement on how it 'll be paid for .
So agreement today on the headline legislation , the nitty gritty left for another day .
Other plans include the restoration of the link between the state pension and earnings and a referendum on any treaty proposing more powers for the EU .
Public sector union Unison has warned the plans would undermine vital public services by opening them up to greater private sector involvement .
General secretary Dave Prentis said : " The plans set out in this dismal Queen 's Speech spell danger for public services , and for economic growth and offer little hope to either the young or long - term jobless . "
Angus Robertson for the Scottish National Party told the BBC there was much in the speech the SNP would welcome - like a pledge to implement the Calman Commission recommendations on Scottish devolution and the scrapping of ID cards .
But he said : " As ever - government health warning - you have to wait for the detail in all of these Queen 's Speeches . "
Plaid Cymru's Westminster leader Elfyn Llwyd welcomed plans for a referendum on more law making powers for the Welsh Assembly and said it should be brought in without further delay .
Caroline Lucas , the first Green MP at Westminster , dismissed the Queen 's Speech as a " pack of half - hearted measures " .
The Queen 's Speech will be followed by the government 's emergency budget on 22 June .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Workman ’s new DC Comics Super Heroes and Villains Fandex has incredibly detailed information on the DCU ’s major characters , but in a format and size that presents a few difficulties .
If you ’re not familiar with Fandexes , they ’re a series of field guides in the form of cards attached at the base , so that you can swivel any card out and keep it available .
You can also open them up as a fan .
I first heard of them as nature guides , but they ’ve expanded to geography , history , and pop culture .
Wide Coverage
The DC Fandex has surprisingly wide coverage .
75 profiles does n’t sound like a lot until you consider that it ’s comparable to three standard - sized comic books with every page profiling a new character , not unlike the JLA - Z guide that came out around the time of JLA / Avengers .
And the text on each card , front and back , is about as long as the classic Who ’s Who entries .
They ’ve managed to fit in more characters by combining legacies onto a single card .
For instance , there ’s one card each for Robin , Batgirl , Wonder Girl and Blue Beetle , with the cards profiling the various incarnations of the character .
The Flash is simplified to Barry Allen and Wally West , though Jay Garrick and Bart Allen get mentions .
On these cards they tend to go for the current version of the character for the image , so Flash is Barry , Robin is Damian Wayne , and Batgirl is Stephanie Brown .
Sometimes it does lead to duplicates .
They managed to avoid it with Dick Grayson by profiling him as Nightwing and then picking up the Robin card where it left off with Jason , Tim , etc. But Barbara Gordon gets spotlighted on both the Batgirl and Oracle cards .
One nice bonus : if you were confused about the Monitors ’ role in Final Crisis and Superman : Beyond , their card sums it up quite nicely !
Priorities
The guide describes the DCU roughly between Final Crisis and Blackest Night , featuring new versions of heroes such as Batgirl and Robin , and glossing over temporary changes .
The Martian Manhunter and Aquaman entries do n’t mention their now - reversed deaths , for instance , and Batman ’s card focuses entirely on Bruce Wayne , with Nightwing ’s card mentioning that Dick has taken over while Bruce was “ presumed dead . ”
The limited space does lead to some odd choices .
With only 75 slots , I do n’t think I would have used one on Superboy - Prime .
Elongated Man is IMO the more developed of DC ’s two “ stretchy guys , ” but Plastic Man is more well - known , and with Ralph and Sue Dibny dead , I ’m surprised they chose to profile them instead of Plastic Man.
Maybe it ’s the Identity Crisis connection .
It ’s a bit tricky to find characters without the index card at the back .
There does n’t seem to be any clear order beyond clustering each major character ’s allies , enemies and supporting cast together .
For instance , Batman is followed by the Joker , then the other Gotham City heroes , then the rest of the Bat- villains .
Artwork
The cards use existing art , rather than new portraits of the characters , similar to the DC Comics Encyclopedia .
A lot of it is recent : Flash is the face - on variant cover from Flash : Rebirth # 1 , the Rogues are from Salvation Run # 1 , and Superman is from Superman : Secret Origin # 4 .
Some of it is older : Gorilla Grodd is from the 1990 Who ’s Who series .
Sources are n’t listed , but the artists are all named on the final card .
Flash Fan ’s Perspective
There is n’t a lot of Flash - specific content in the guide .
Batman - related characters take up 18 cards , and Superman ’s cast gets 13 , but there are only three Flash cards : The Flash , the Rogues , and Gorilla Grodd .
( The Green Lanterns are also limited to three : one for Hal , one for the GLC , and one for Sinestro . )
The Flash profile covers the highlights of Barry ’s and Wally ’s careers .
Jay Garrick is mentioned only as Barry ’s inspiration , though he does get a sentence in the Justice Society profile .
Bart gets a sidebar , and there ’s a note that Iris II and Jai inherit Wally ’s powers .
My only complaint about the profile is that in glossing over the details of Barry Allen ’s rivalry with Professor Zoom , it implies that Barry killed Zoom when he targeted Iris , rather than when he attacked Barry ’s second fiancee Fiona .
The Rogues are a bit of an odd mix , featuring a paragraph each on Captain Cold , Mirror Master , Weather Wizard , Heat Wave , and Abra Kadabra .
Okay , so with limited space , they chose five … but why Kadabra , who has never properly been one of the Rogues ?
( The only time they ’ve worked together was in the storyline in which they killed Bart . )
Would n’t the Trickster have been a better choice ?
I half - suspect that they picked the Salvation Run image first , then profiled the Flash villains who were on the cover .
On the other hand , with only three cards for Flash characters , at least this way Abra Kadabra gets a profile !
As for the third card , Gorilla Grodd gets a writeup featuring his origin and several major exploits ( including turning the Justice League into gorillas during the “ JLApe ” storyline from about 10 years ago ) .
Overall
The DC Super Heroes and Villains Fandex packs an amazing amount of information into its small size .
The back of the box describes it as “ obsessively researched , ” and I ’m inclined to agree .
( And I , uh , know a little something about obsessive research … )
The format has its drawbacks , though .
Unless you fold out only one card , it can be awkward to flip from the front to the back .
The most frustrating part of it is trying to close up the fan again : the portrait cutouts have a tendency to catch on each other .
And of course the space limitations mean that they only really cover the A - and B - list .
If you want to delve further into DC ’s extensive world , there are other resources : the DC Encyclopedia I mentioned before , or the new Who ’s Who series launching later this year , or the various Secret Files and Origins specials .
If you want a general overview of the DC Universe , the DC Fandex is a good choice .
And it ’s a lot easier to carry around !
( The publisher provided a review copy . )
Share
Unable to retrieve &page.virtfile ;
If you feel this is a configuration error , please contact the administrators of this server or the author of the referring page .
referring page .
Two months ago , we published an open letter to Google , " Free VP8 , and use it on YouTube " — today we 're happy to congratulate Google for making this request a reality .
From today , users will be able to download and install free software to play and encode the new WebM format .
WebM is based on the Matroska container format — replacing Ogg — and the VP8 video codec which replaces Theora .
Crucially , the Vorbis audio codec is part of the new WebM specification .
Google has announced that all videos that are 720p or larger uploaded to YouTube after May 19th will be be encoded in WebM as part of its current HTML5 demonstration .
The Free Software Foundation supports the adoption of WebM and calls upon all browser developers to support WebM and Ogg , much like Mozilla and Google are already doing with Firefox and Chromium .
Free software users can show support for this new technology by joining our PlayOgg mailing list , where we are organizing efforts to call on websites that publish video to switch to free formats .
Though it may seem like hyperbole to call Apple ’s just - released iPad Camera Connection Kit ( $ 29 ) the most important Apple - branded pocket accessory release in years , it ’s true : what seems on the surface to be little more than a retread of the company ’s discontinued , five - year - old iPod Camera Connector actually turns out to be a very significant and worthwhile add - on for photographers , enabling the iPad to dramatically eclipse Apple ’s earlier devices as a portable photo storage and sharing device .
Moreover , by including two separate pieces in the box — the USB port - equipped Camera Connector and the SD Card Reader —
Apple actually enables the iPad to pull off feats that transcend simple photo transfers .
All the details are in our full review , below .
The Basics
Back in 2005 , Apple ’s original iPod Camera Connector assumed that a photographer would be willing not only to carry a USB cable around for camera - to - iPod photo transfers , but also to simultaneously drain the batteries of both iPod and camera as files were transferred — sometimes such a long process that both devices lost half of their power .
For the iPad , Apple has learned a lot , and now provides two options : you can still use your own USB cable to transfer directly from camera to iPad — much faster than before — or instead , assuming your camera uses Secure Digital or MMC memory cards , pop the memory card out and into the new SD Card Reader , eliminating camera battery drain altogether .
In either case , the impact on the iPad ’s own battery is minimal : a sample 500MB transfer with 114 photos and a 244MB video ate 2 % or less of the iPad ’s battery , and took 2 minutes , 38 seconds , a little over 3 MB per second .
The iPad appears to take less time transferring files than it does creating small , instantly viewable versions of whatever it ’s importing .
From a distance , the iPad Camera Connection Kit ’s two included pieces look virtually identical to both each other and the earlier iPod Camera Connector : all three are made from white glossy plastic , with a metal Apple Dock Connector at one end and a hole at the other .
Up close , the USB port - equipped iPad Camera Connector turns out to be just a tiny bit thinner than the earlier iPod Camera Connector , but it ’s otherwise identical in height and width , adding 1.25 ” to the bottom of an iPad , while measuring roughly 1.2 ” wide and 0.38 ” thick .
The SD Card Reader shaves off 1/16 ” in thickness but is a little taller and wider , measuring around 1.38 ” tall by 1.25 ” wide by 0.31 ” thick .
With an SD memory card inside , it adds 1.75 ” of height to the iPad .
Apple marks the fronts of the accessories with two icons : the Camera Connector has a Dock Connector port icon on the top and a small camera icon at the bottom , while the SD Card Reader replaces the camera picture with the outline of an SD card .
On the back are “ Designed by Apple in California , ” “ Assembled in China , ” model numbers , and certification logos — these markings are the most obvious distinguishing characteristics from the original iPod Camera Connector , which had only the first two items , and hid them on the Dock Connector edge of the accessory .
Apple also bundles each of the attachments with a small , clear hard plastic Dock Connector cap that is easy to remove and almost as easy to lose ; a way to keep them dangling nearby would have been appreciated .
The only real complaint that most people would raise regarding these accessories is the fact that they need to exist at all , jutting out from the bottom of the iPad rather than sitting flush in its sides , fully integrated , as the same ports do in the company ’s MacBook Pro computers .
During real - world testing of the iPad Camera Connection Kit , the biggest issue we dealt with was the fear of losing or breaking the parts , which are n’t so much fragile as they are small and easily misplaced .
That said , they ’re surely a better value for the $ 29 asking price than the iPod Camera Connector , which was merely the USB half of this kit with less functionality .
Using the iPad Camera Connection Kit With the iPad
Apple ’s current - generation iPad system software ( iPhone OS 3.2 ) is a little more heavy - handed than one might expect when either of the iPad Camera Connection Kit accessories is connected .
If the iPad ’s locked , plugging in the SD Card Reader or the iPad Camera Connector does n’t do anything , but making the connection in the middle of running another application will abruptly quit that application and call up Photos , Apple ’s photo management and now importation tool .
Photos deals with importation by creating a new tab called Camera , which for the first few seconds displays a screen full of empty dashed outlines , then fills each outline with a thumbnail image of a photo or a movie stored on the camera ’s memory card .
By default , a blue button labeled “ Import All ” appears in the upper right corner of the screen , with a red “ Delete All ” button at upper left .
Should you select any thumbnail or number of thumbnails , blue checkmarks appear on the thumbnails , and the blue button instead becomes “ Import , ” providing the choice to “ Import All ” or “ Import Selected ” when you tap it .
Importing images and videos from your camera is as easy as selecting one of those options , watching as each blue check on a thumbnail becomes a spinning progress wheel , and then a green check , moving on to the next image — generally but not always in sequence .
JPEG - format images are typically imported without any issues , as are certain .
MOV - format videos , specifically 640×480 and smaller files that come off of many but not all point - and - shoot cameras .
( More details on compatibility are discussed in the next section of this review . )
During the import process , Photos creates “ Last Import ” and “ All Imported ” albums , enabling you to quickly see your most recently transferred files and all of the transferred files .
When you individually look at the pictures , a new Rotate button lets you change the orientation in 90 - degree steps to make sure that pictures from cameras without orientation sensors — or with occasionally faulty ones — appear correctly on your iPad ’s screen .
Rotation can also prepare them for proper e-mailing .
Once you ’ve imported a photo and displayed it on your screen , you can press a button to e-mail it , send it to a MobileMe account , assign it to a contact , use it as wallpaper , or copy it .
Up to five pictures can be e-mailed at once with relative ease .
If you ’re worried that you ’ll only be able to send out low - quality photos from your iPad , there ’s some mostly good news to share .
Rather than chopping JPEG pictures down to 800×600 as is done with iPhone photos , the iPad defaults at e-mailing images out at roughly 3 - Megapixel resolution : 2048 ×1536 for typical 4:3 point - and - shoot images , or 2048 ×1364 for 3:2 DSLR images .
Pro photographers might n’t like the rescaling , or that the EXIF data is stripped for re-sized images , but most users wo n’t care : the resized images look fantastic , and are perfect for sharing via e-mail .
There ’s also a workaround for users who need superior image quality : if you select an image manually using the Copy button and Paste it into an e-mail , you can send the full - resolution version out instead , complete with EXIF data .
We had only one issue with this trick , discussed in the compatibility section below .
The iPad Camera Connection Kit can also import videos from digital cameras .
Supported movies use the video playback and editing interface introduced for the iPhone 3GS , which places a timeline at the top of the screen , and changes the sharing features to “ Email Video , ” “ Send to MobileMe , ” “ Send to YouTube , ” and “ Copy Video . ”
E - mailed video clips appear to be capped at 5MB in size in H.264 format , with the iPad automatically reducing their resolution to 480×320 and providing you with editing tools to select a snippet that you want to share ; we were given 54 seconds worth of video to share from our 3 minute , 3 second sample clip .
File sizes and video lengths differ based on where you ’re exporting them , as well as the quality they started at .
Like iPhoto on Mac computers , Photos finishes the import process by asking whether you ’d like to keep or delete the transferred photos and videos on your camera .
Once the photos have been transferred to the iPad , you can use Apple ’s standard Dock Connector to USB cable to transfer them back to your computer , at which point they ’ll appear in your photo library with their full EXIF data and their original resolutions intact .
This is n’t a huge surprise , but it ’s good to know that transferring photos to the iPad does n’t appear to hurt them before they ’re transferred back to your computer ; the only difference is that importing photos that were transferred to an iPad takes longer than doing so directly from a camera or memory card .
Note also that iTunes is n’t involved in any way in the process of transferring photos from an iPad back to your computer ; iTunes does n’t appear to have any new dialog boxes for handling the import of photos synchronized to the iPad .
This could change in the future .
Compatibility + Compatibility Issues
There ’s far more good news than bad news to report on the iPad Camera Connection Kit compatibility front , and that ’s due in part to some previously unknown features Apple has included in the current iPad system software .
It turns out that the USB port - equipped iPad Camera Connector is capable of connecting to devices other than digital cameras — though Apple neither advertises this additional functionality nor makes any promises regarding which specific USB devices will work if you plug them into the iPad .
Officially , it has posted a support document called Using iPad Camera Connector with unsupported USB devices , and notes that “ USB printers with built - in SD card readers are not supported ; ” for the time being , printers , external hard disks , and numerous other Mac / PC accessories are off - limits .
But USB headsets for Skype work — like headsets that plug into the iPad ’s headphone port — as do USB keyboards , and certain other USB - based audio devices .
For the time being , these non-camera peripherals are little more than bonuses for iPad users , but developers could use the Connector as a trojan horse to add additional devices to the iPad ; it may well turn out to be a truly great item for non-photographic purposes , as well .
On the flip side , it should be noted that the iPad Camera Connection Kit only works with the iPad ; at this moment , there ’s no sign that it will work with iPhone or iPod touch models .
Once again , this could change in the future .
Real - world testing also revealed some surprising details regarding the Kit ’s camera - specific compatibility and file format support .
On a positive note , the SD Card Reader worked perfectly to grab the photo contents of the majority of Secure Digital memory cards we tested , but put up an odd complaint when we tried to insert an Eye - Fi Geo card with a Wi -Fi chip inside : “ The attached USB device is not supported . ”
Photos would n’t read the Eye - Fi Geo ’s contents at all , and we also had the same message come up repeatedly as a bug when the SD Card Reader was connected to an iPad left with its screen off .
Apple ’s official compatibility details are found in a support document that says the “ iPad SD Card Reader supports SD standards up to SDHC , miniSD and microSD with adapters , and MMC .
SDXC is not supported . ”
Similarly , the iPad Camera Connector is capable of connecting to most USB - compatible digital cameras via a male USB plug and / or cable — except when it ’s not .
Some older , pre-2005 digital cameras may experience issues if they do n’t support the popular Mass Storage Device or Picture Transfer Protocol connectivity standards .
Additionally , when we plugged in a Flip Ultra HD camera , the iPad initially said “ Accessory Unavailable – The attached accessory uses too much power . ”
Yet the iPad was able to read and transfer the Flip ’s contents anyway ; the problem appeared to be the Flip ’s desire to recharge its own battery while transferring files .
We had no electronic problems connecting other digital cameras , including everything from pocket point - and - shoots to a Canon 5D Mark II , though what happened with their contents varied somewhat .
JPEG photo file transfers from cameras or cards to the iPad generally worked without problems , but there were hiccups .
The iPad had no issue bringing in a huge group of 10 - Megapixel photos from a Canon Powershot S90 camera , but repeatedly choked mid-stream when trying to import a bunch of 21 - Megapixel JPEG images from the Canon 5D Mark II .
Some of the 5D Mark II pictures transferred without an issue , but the import process typically stopped abruptly after fewer than 10 images — an apparent bug ; Apple ’s support document seems to acknowledge this by telling users to keep re-trying the transfer process if it fails , a less than impressive solution mitigated only by the iPad ’s ability to remember where it left off in any successful or failed transfer process , skipping images that are already in its Photos library .
In other words , if the transfer has a hiccup , you can try again and it ’ll probably get further next time .
Any JPEG image it imported was available instantly for e-mailing and inspection within Photos , which is entirely positive and once again yielded beautiful results .
But RAW images and various types of videos were less predictable : the iPad sometimes crashed when trying to e-mail test RAW images , and could n’t play back , edit , or share videos created with either the Flip Ultra HD or the Canon 5D Mark II — at any resolution , including 640×480 .
The problems with RAW files were particularly odd in that the iPad had actually successfully created JPEG - format preview images that could be viewed using Photos — images that could individually be cut and pasted into emails without a problem — yet it choked when trying to directly export them on its own .
Video issues come down to questions over specific file formats and resolutions that the iPad is capable of handling ; the best guidance we can offer at this stage is to note that regardless of whether the iPad is capable of playing , sharing , or editing a given photo or video , it will at least transfer that video for storage and later synchronization with your computer .
Are the incompatibilities disappointing ?
Somewhat , and there ’s no doubt that certain professional photographers might not bother with the iPad Camera Connection Kit due to its current bugs and compatibility questions .
But the vast majority of digital camera users — particularly those who shoot in JPEG and create videos that are at or below 640×480 resolution — will have no issues with the USB and SD accessories in their current form .
Moreover , these issues do n’t appear to have anything to do with the hardware , and Apple will most likely fix the current software bugs in a future iPad system software update .
Conclusions
For right now , the iPad Camera Connection Kit is a great accessory — the single most worthwhile purchase currently available for iPad users who enjoy photography , and a neat toy for others who are interested in tinkering with additional , unofficially compatible USB devices .
Used purely for importing digital images and videos , the Kit enables iPad owners to share and store considerably higher - quality content than any past iPhone or iPod could handle , and does so with enough speed and versatility to properly limit both camera and iPad battery drain .
Even for prosumer - grade applications , we would actually use the iPad Camera Connection Kit in the field right now with only modest limitations and concerns , and that ’s saying something given how weak the iPod Camera Connection Kit was as a storage and sharing alternative .
Apple ’s latest release is a considerable improvement on the iPod version released years ago , and easier to recommend today than that one was back then .
Our A- rating reflects our rare high recommendation , with caveats .
That having been said , there ’s little doubt that the iPad Camera Connection Kit may stir up grumbles from some photographers and iPad owners — some will dislike the fact that it needs to exist at all because of the iPad ’s overly sparing I / O ports , and others may be less than completely impressed by some of its current software issues , particularly its less than ideal handling of media shot by higher - end and higher - resolution cameras .
If history is any indication , such high - resolution photos and videos will only increase in popularity over time , straining the current - generation iPad ’s software and hardware ; hopefully Apple will be more aggressive going forward in responding to these changes than it was with the iPod accessory .
Incorporating superior file format support and eventually reader hardware into upcoming iPad releases would win over users who are n’t thrilled by this otherwise extremely competent new Kit .
Our Rating
A- Highly Recommended
Company and Price
Company : Apple Inc .
Website : www.Apple.com
Model : iPad Camera Connection Kit
Price : $ 29
Compatible : iPad
Lenin 's memorial in Islington attracted both pilgrims and antipathists
One hundred and forty years since the birth of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin , Darina Kucheruk of BBCRussian.com retraces the revolutionary 's steps through London .
Few people know that a housing project named after Lenin was commissioned in London in the early 1940s .
Designed by a Russian emigre architect , Berthold Lubetkin , who is now considered one of the giants of constructivism , it was to be called Lenin Court .
But by the early 1950s , when the project was completed , the Cold War was in full flow .
As a result , the building was renamed Bevin Court , honouring Britain 's firmly anti-communist Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin .
" I still write my address as Lenin Court instead of Bevin Court .
Letters are delivered anyway because of the postcode , " says local resident Craig Ford .
An avowed left - winger , Mr Ford has repeatedly proposed that the building be renamed after Lenin , and that a Lenin memorial built in a square nearby be reinstalled .
The memorial , also designed by Lubetkin , marked the site of Lenin 's lodgings at Holford Square and was erected in 1942 .
For Craig Ford Bevin Court will always be Lenin Court
It became a focus of pilgrimage for British communists - but was also regularly vandalised and eventually needed a 24 - hour police guard .
After the outbreak of the Cold War the memorial was closed and Lenin 's bust removed .
Lubetkin managed to bury the memorial plaque surreptitiously .
" During the last stage of the construction of Bevin Court , Lubetkin hired a crane and brought the memorial here to bury it in a basement of the building , " explains Mr Ford .
Despite Lubetkin's fears , Lenin 's bust itself has survived .
For many years it gathered dust in storage at the mayor 's office in Islington .
Now the bust is part of the collection of Islington Museum .
" After the memorial was vandalised many times , Lubetkin made a few copies of the bust .
For a long time we were certain that here , in the museum , we had one of the copies .
But later it turned out to be the original , " says Alex Smith , who works in the museum .
Today , a small memorial board near Holford Square reminds passers by that the leader of the world 's proletariat lived there , in 1905 .
Capitalists buried Lenin came to London six times , spending a lot of time at the British Library , where for the first time he got access to Karl Marx 's works .
" Many people at the library remembered Lenin as a short , hard - working man who read avidly .
He always ordered huge amounts of books and read them amazingly fast , with astonishing energy and drive , " says historian Helen Rappoport .
Moreover , according to her , London became for Lenin a symbol of the evil he wanted to destroy .
He often invited friends to walk through the East End , to show the gap between the classes .
" It 's quite ironic that a capitalist state like Britain gave Lenin access to books , freedom of action , financial aid .
And precisely here , in London , Lenin wrote his books about destroying world capitalism , " smiles Ms Rappoport .
A communist hero is shown destroying capitalist London
In the Marx Memorial Library in London there is a mural , made in 1935 .
It shows a bare - chested worker surrounded by a blue - eyed Lenin , Marx and Engels .
The worker is breaking the chains and shaking the whole world .
Big Ben is falling down , burying the capitalists .
" You can see that the painter copied Lenin from black and white photography .
Remarkably this mural survived World War II , when a bomb fell on the roof of our building , " says director of archives John Callow .
The library also contains a room where , in 1902 - 1903 , the Russian revolutionary edited and printed the Iskra newspaper .
The room houses several busts of Lenin , brought here by numerous delegations from the Soviet Union .
Mikhail Gorbachev , Nikita Khruschev and other politicians also visited this room during their visits to London .
" You can either love or hate Lenin , but he 's part of history without which the world would n't be the same , " says Mr Callow .
Historic meeting
One theory is that Lenin met Stalin for the first time in London , in 1905 .
Local legend holds that Lenin first met Stalin at the Crown Tavern
At least that is what the staff at the Crown Tavern in Clerkenwell say .
It is here that the historic meeting allegedly took place .
" I know that Lenin often came to our pub .
It 's even mentioned in our book .
According to archives , Lenin held a meeting with Stalin here in 1905 , " says manager Jason Robinson .
" This meeting took place more than 100 years ago but people still come to our pub and are interested in its history , " he says .
For some , Lenin 's important years in London are still very relevant today .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cure Cosplay Festival 2 , The Land of the Rising Sun 's largest cosplay event , was held over the weekend in Yokohama , Japan .
Cue the impressive costumes , dynamic poses and gravity - defying hair gel !
Video game , manga and anime characters were represented via the cosplayers .
How many can you name ?
Click through the gallery .
More images in the link below .
Advertisement
ファッションショーもあるコスプレイベント「 Cure Cosplay Festival Vol.2」開幕、全記事一覧まとめ - GIGAZINE
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Obama ’s news conference on Thursday  explaining in detail the government ’s response , its mistakes and its precise relationship to BP  was at least three weeks overdue .
It was also his first full news conference in 10 months .
Obama ’s recurrent tardiness in defining exactly what he wants done on a given issue  a lapse also evident in the protracted rollout of the White House ’s specific health care priorities  remains baffling , as does his recent avoidance of news conferences .
Such diffidence does not convey a J.F.K.- redux in charge of a neo -New Frontier activist government .
Long before Obama took office , the public was plenty skeptical that government could do anything right .
Eight years of epic Bush ineptitude and waste only added to Washington ’s odor .
Now Obama is stuck between a rock and a Tea Party .
His credibility as a champion of reformed , competent government is held hostage by video from the gulf .
And this in an election year when the very idea of a viable federal government is under angrier assault than at any time since the Gingrich revolution and militia mobilization of 1994 - 5 and arguably since the birth of the modern conservative movement in the 1960s .
This is why the more revealing strand of Rand Paul ’s post - primary victory romp may have been his musings about BP , not civil rights law  although they are two sides of the same ideological coin .
He called out Obama and his administration for sounding “ really un- American ” in their “ criticism of business . ”
He asked that we stop the “ blame game ” over the disaster and instead just accept the fact that “ accidents happen . ”
Much as Paul questioned the federal government ’s role in ordering lunch counters to desegregate , so he belittled its intrusion into BP ’s toxic private enterprise .
But unlike the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , the role of government in corporate regulation is a continuing battle , not settled law .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Hardly were those words out of Paul ’s mouth than the G.O.P. gave him the hook .
He dropped his scheduled appearance on last Sunday ’s “ Meet the Press . ” Mitch McConnell , the Republican majority leader and Paul ’s newly self - appointed minder , declared that his fellow Kentuckian had said “ quite enough for the time being in terms of national press coverage . ”
Establishment conservatives have scrambled to portray Paul as either an innocent victim of a liberal media game of “ gotcha ” or an inexperienced citizen - politician who made the rookie mistake of conducting campaign interviews as if they were classroom seminars in Libertarian theory .
We were told he really did n’t mean what he was saying , and that he certainly did n’t represent the G.O.P. or the Tea Party movement .
Whom are they kidding ?
Paul rightly described his victory as “ a message from the Tea Party ” that it was on the march “ to take our government back . ”
And if he does n’t represent the G.O.P. , who does if not his most powerful supporters and ideological fellow travelers , Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin ?
Aside from saying no to Obama , the Republican Party has no ideas except Tea Party ideas , Rand Paul ideas .
And as The Economist , hardly a liberal observer , put it , Paul ’s views are those of “ a genuine radical who believes in paring government down to the bone . ”
The president of the American Enterprise Institute , the conservative think tank , codified the mission in apocalyptic terms last weekend .
The new American “ culture war , ” Arthur C. Brooks wrote in The Washington Post , is not “ over guns , gays or abortion ” but pits “ the principles of free enterprise ” against the “ European - style statism ” he accuses Obama of fomenting .
It ’s a war that takes no prisoners : the A.E.I. purged the former Bush speechwriter David Frum after he broke with the strict party line .
Trailer for Get Low .
Based on a true story of a hermit who lived for forty years in the Tennessee woods .
Felix Bush ( Duvall ) decides it is time to plan his funeral .
But his funeral will not be any old macabre occasion .
Organized by a local undertaker played by Bill Murray and his sidekick played by Lucas Black , the funeral will be more party than memorial and an event to which anyone and everyone will be invited and at which Bush will reveal a long kept secret .
The focus on the transition to renewable energy , energy efficiency programs and legislation surrounding these areas is spurring tremendous change in the utility industry .
A lot of money and effort are being funneled to the research , development and deployment of clean energy technologies .
The federal debate over fuels , technologies and the legislation supporting them has reached a fever pitch .
The utility industry is undergoing fundamental change .
The extreme change sometimes envisioned - that utilities will disappear - is not likely .
The future utility will almost certainly be a hybrid of centralized power plants and massive distributed generation , combined with a much more efficient system of both generation and consumption .
But the business model of the utility and the relationship between utility and customer will be radically different .
Nearly every utility is aware of these looming changes ; even those who have opposed this transition are hedging their bets by testing renewable generation and smart grid deployment .
The elephant in the room that is being ignored by the utilities and the renewable energy community alike is that this new distributed generation is a significantly disruptive technology and the commodity - focused economics of America ’s 100 - year - old utility industry is aging out .
Few , if any , utilities seem to be working on finding a new business model that will successfully mitigate these twin threats .
That truth is what drove Austin Energy to get involved in the Pecan Street Project , in which a group of more than 200 volunteers including representatives from Austin Energy , the City Council of Austin , the University of Texas , private corporations and the Environmental Defense Fund teamed up to develop a set of recommendations that will help usher in transformative change to the way energy is generated , managed and delivered in the city .
For more than a year the groups convened to work on the project .
The Pecan Street Project ’s final report ( PDF ) , released this past March , provided four groups of recommendations : water , public policy , economic development and Austin Energy .
For the utility , the challenge in sum is this : if a utility ’s revenue must be maintained and the utility ’s business model is based on the volume of energy sold , how can it justify changes that will require up - front investment and is explicitly intended to reduce the amount of energy it sells ?
The demise of the “ spinning meter ” business model is inevitable .
Everyone knows it ’s coming and most people now think it ’s coming pretty quickly .
What has not emerged yet is its replacement .
And until we know where the revenue streams will flow from and to , it does n’t really matter what brilliant technical plan we come up with .
The business model is the linchpin .
The renewable energy industry has rightly fought and achieved net metering laws requiring utilities to buy solar and wind energy from customers .
This was absolutely necessary since most utilities , unlike Austin Energy , have fought interconnection and purchase of customer - owned generation due to their current business model .
However , simply asking the utility to “ net out ” the total consumption and generation and pay the customer the difference is not sustainable either for the utility or the renewable energy industry when distributed generation becomes widespread .
That ’s because such a policy does not allow the utility to recover distribution system costs .
In Austin , we have about 1,000 buildings now that generate more energy than they consume in a summer month .
That means during those periods the owner receives a payment rather than a bill .
The owner , however , is using the distribution system both to receive power in the evenings and sell excess power during the day .
If a thunderstorm knocks out a transformer , the owner expects the utility to have a lineman out to replace it .
But the current net - metering policy does not allow the utiliy to recover the debt , operation and maintenance of the distribution system .
Thus , a prime recommendation of the Pecan Street Project is for Austin Energy to “ unbundle ” its base rate charge , allowing Austin Energy to establish a distribution system charge , even if an owner puts solar on his or her roof .
The recommendations urge the utility to deploy additional distributed renewable energy until it has installed 100 MW of solar that it owns or finances .
Another 200 MW of solar would be “ owned ” by residential or commercial customers .
The recommendations encourage testing of energy storage and advanced demand response programs .
And they encourage pilots of other renewable energy and storage options , such as co-op solar , micro-wind and geothermal .
Each of these areas is important and many of these recommendations are already being acted upon .
Others will be tested in the smart grid demonstration project at Austin ’s Mueller community , a project that is being managed by the Pecan Street Project Inc. organization .
Separate Profit from Volume
But the most urgent and complicated issue addressed by the Pecan Street Project , and that will be tested as part of the smart grid demonstration at Mueller , is the business model .
We have to separate profit from volume .
That means utilities have to explore new ways to provide value to customers and test pricing options for those services .
It means the utilities need to upgrade their systems ( internal and external ) so the private market can participate in what has historically been a two - party energy relationship .
And it means utilities need to invent a replacement for the spinning meter revenue model .
The new rate - structure recommendations include several concepts that have been debated in the utility industry for a while now : unbundled rates that separate generation costs from transmission and distribution ; new rate structures that integrate customer - generated energy ( specifically solar ) into the grid in a financially sustainable way ; and introducing dynamic , real - time pricing .
But the Pecan Street Project went beyond these often - discussed concepts and proposed fundamentally new ways to operate .
For customers , imagine Austin Energy not as a rate - charging commodity provider but as a fee - based service provider .
Customers could sign up for a service plan for a fixed cost per month .
For that fee , they get all the power they need , within a tested and predetermined range .
In exchange for the predictable flat fee , they would agree to become energy partners - not just customers - with Austin Energy .
They ’d make their rooftops available to solar equipment owned by Austin Energy .
They ’d agree to reduced - cost appliance upgrades such as solar water heaters .
They ’d participate in Austin Energy ’s demand response program , which might cycle off their air conditioners in 15 - minute increments on the city ’s hottest days .
They ’d agree to limit their peak use of non-essential appliances in favor of off - peak use .
They would never be denied power when they need it .
But they would agree that using energy at certain times outside their service plan would be “ pay as you go , ” just like tossing more garbage than will fit in city - issued trash cans is “ pay as you throw . ”
The Pecan Street Project report goes even further likening a third - party services potential to Apple ’s app store for iPhones .
As with the flat - rate service fee model , this free - market energy platform is purely hypothetical ; it has n’t been tested or even fully imagined .
So far the premise is that Austin Energy would establish standards and help manage the market , but outside companies would be able to provide plug - and - play add - on services that would help customers better manage their energy usage .
In addition to improving energy management across the city , this could be a new source of revenue for Austin Energy .
While it is not at all clear what this third - party service potential could add to the business model , it is clear that this is the type of imaginative thinking is what is needed to change the business paradigm .
The report also considered plug - in electric vehicles , recommending that Austin Energy promote the early penetration of plug - in electric vehicles ( PEVs ) in the region as a new revenue source , a way to reduce carbon and smog emissions and a new source of dispatchable load .
The utility should analyze whether to promote public charging stations and if it wants to establish a time - of - use rate tied to smart plugs , which could require off - peak charging .
Premium rates should be tested for charging during peak hours .
The report recommends that Austin Energy develop a complete PEV Power Discharge ( vehicle to grid ) strategy by 2014 , including partnerships with several large employers to incentivize PEV connectivity in their employee parking facilities and a rate structure for residential and public PEV charging stations .
Change is coming to utilities .
If they do n’t change they will go broke .
And if that ’s true , it ’s a little easier to understand why utilities have been slow to adapt , even though they must .
It is my hope that the Pecan Street Project will be seen as one of the early formative efforts defining the energy systems of the future .
I hope other utilities will use our recommendations to define their own transformative mix of distributed generation , smart grid , new rate structures and successful business models .
Roger Duncan is president of the board of Pecan Street Project Inc .
He was GM of Austin Energy until his retirement in March 2010 .
There ’s a subtle , but potentially hugely important , change happening in cell phone use in the U.S. :
For 2009 figures , the amount of digital data sent over cell phone networks surpasses voice traffic for the first time .
The future has arrived .
The New York Times has a piece about this , quoting Dan Hesse–Sprint ’s CEO–on the matter : “ Originally talking was the only cellphone application … But now it ’s less than half of the traffic on mobile networks . ”
This is supported by data from CTIA , an industry body , that shows the average number of voice minutes per U.S. user has fallen for the last two years , and that the average time taken for local calls was just 1.81 minutes in 2009 , versus 2.27 in 2008 .
If you think about it , this is probably also borne out by your own experience–it certainly is in my case , and I ’ve recently switched to a pay - as - you - go solution for calls , as it ’s more economic .
The U.S. has finally caught up with the SMS trend , many years after it exploded across Europe , and CTIA data shows that the number of text messages sent by the average U.S. user leaped 50 % in 2009 from the previous year .
But it ’s really in terms of mobile data consumption for video , Net surfing , in - app use , email and so on , that the big switch - over has happened .
And remember that by far the greater number of phones still in use on these networks are n’t the data - munching smartphones like iPhones or Android devices –they ’re the old - style dumbphones , which may be capable of limited Net browsing and picture messaging , but which still serve the primary task of phone calling and SMSing .
This means that the minority devices on the grid ( the smartphones ) are consuming the majority of over the air traffic :
More than anything else , this is a demonstration that the future is arriving early .
Yet , despite the transformational impact of new touchscreen smartphones , with the iPhone in particular leading the charge in changing the industry , some people still do n’t get it .
NPD analyst Ross Rubin is quoted in the NYT as thinking smartphone handset designs have “ become far less cheek - friendly , ” which is simple hogwash for those of us who remember the early days of cell phone design .
And even the C seems to agree with Rubin ’s assertion that modern touchscreen and qwerty - keypad phones are n’t as good as simple dialpad dumbphone interfaces for “ quickly dialing a phone number , ” with touchscreens often requiring a “ swipe through several screens ” before dialing is possible .
Both these facts are misleading , as qwerty - keypads typically include built - in numeric dial pads , and on many smartphones it takes but a heartbeat to press to dial a contact .
Nevertheless , soon , particularly when next - gen 4G networks start to take off properly , cell phone use will be almost exclusively about data consumption , and voice calls will remain as a needed but deprecated service .
And when that happens , something odd will happen to the cellphone providers themselves –they ’ll be relegated to merely being vanilla pipes over which your lovely smartphone data flows .
This is why they ’re scrambling to establish some mindshare at the moment , with weird efforts like Verizon ‘s own App Store .
Famous Dictators
If you are like most people , you probably like your dictators living in a country other than yours .
You probably also like your dictators being jerks to someone other than yourself .
But when you are just reading the tweets of famous dictators , you ’re pretty safe .
The bottom line is that you have to be a pretty “ bad dude ” to make it onto our list of famous dictators that twitter .
I wonder how the health sys.
collapsed under my rule .
I guess it ’s selfish of me to spend $ 53 m on trips , which is 1/5 of the health budget
Robert Mugabe
Descendent of Venus , conqueror of all Gaul , dictator for life
Julius Caesar
Follow me , Follow my thoughts .
The thoughts of Chairman Mao .
I will follow you always
Chairman Mao
Revolutionary .
Member of the Social Democratic Labor Party .
Joseph Stalin
Chariman of the National - Syndicalist Union and General Responsible for Transports of the Italian Republic .
Makes the trains run on time .
Benito Mussolini
Sci-Fi Characters
Oh sci - fi what would we do without you ?
Yes , the sci - fi convention makes for a great place to settle the dispute as to who would win in a fight , Dark Vader or Commander Spock .
As it turns out , the answer is pretty obvious as one guy ’s only real weapon was a pinch on the neck .
Whether you are into Frankenstein ’s monster or Doc Brown , or you like your sci - fi robot style such as Centurion0110 or Hal 9000 , we have you covered .
Follow some sci- fi characters on twitter and let the world know you are kind of a dork .
I ’m the Supreme Commander of the Galactic Empire , and I ’m also a little depressed ..
Darth Vader
Captain of the USS Enterprise - D and proud member of The Resistance .
Captain Picard
73 65 6e 74 69 65 6e 74
Centurion0110
Remember that Alien you used to love ?
Thats me .
ET !
E.T
Insufficient facts always invites danger .
Commander Spock
Genius against terrorism since 1985 .
Pinball enthusiast .
I did n’t invent da time machine to win at gambling …I invented the time machine to TRAVEL THRU TIME !
Doc Brown
You know , if Dave had said “ Sudo Open the Pod Bay Doors ” I would have let him in .
Hal 9000
Gods and Religious leaders
The fact is that just about the only religious icon you can really take a swipe at without making anyone angry is the Flying Spaghetti Monster and odds are he or she is just gathering his or her strength .
No matter what name you call God by , whether it be Tiny Buddha , Lord Xenu or God we have you covered through these twitter profiles .
Just make sure you say all the right things when you respond to their tweets so you do n’t get anyone angry .
Unverified .
Unverified .
Thee / thou / thine .
God
Ho , mortal !
This mug be too small for a thirst such as mine – bring instead an entire cask !
{ 7th Recruit}
Hercules
And if today , all you did was hold yourself together , I am proud of you .
Tiny Buddha
I created the Kardashians as a distraction !
Lord Xenu
God ’s representative on Earth .
Tweets are all my own opinion , not my employer’s .
The Pope
Some have been offended .
Some always will .
Jesus
He was God ’s favorite until I got smarter than him .
Satan
Ramen
Spaghetti Monster
On my way !
Santa Clause
I ’m one tired bunny !
Easter Bunny
Superheroes
Superheroes most certainly play a role in our society .
For all of you that have dreamed of scaring the stuffing out of someone like Batman or the Joker or wish they had mutant abilities like Spiderman , Cyclops or Wolverine , then the world of superhero tweets is for you !
I ’m from Krypton , my friends call me Kal - El .
Superman
Batman wins .
Batman always wins .
The Batman
Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider - Man !
Tag on the costume says Property of @ Marvel , but you knew that already .
Right ?
Spiderman
I think I ’m getting eye strain .
I wonder what happens if I ever need corrective lenses ?
Cyclops
I am the night …
Or something like that .
Batgirl
The Ace of Knaves .
The Harlequin of Hate .
An Agent of Chaos .
It ’s the Joker .
It ’s really me …
Live from Arkham ..
The Joker
Just came across Moondragon and Tigra on Tinder .
Can you say awkward ?
Dr.Octopus
Still ai n’t dead .
Wolverine
ARGHHHH !!!!!!!!
ARGHHHH !!!!!!
The Incredible Hulk
Action Heroes
Perhaps you ’ve heard Newton ’s famous law , “ For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction . ”
Action heroes do n’t traditionally come much larger than life than the real life comic book character that is Chuck Norris .
Look up “ primitive man ” in the dictionary .
As long as there is stuff that needs killing , one of these guys will probably be around sending out his tweets .
I can tweet more than 140 characters .
Chuck Norris
If everyone listened to my instructions , it ’d be called ’ 12 ’
Jack Bauer
Eyyyy .
The Fonz
Kung fu master , action star , philosopher , filmmaker , and Godfather of mixed martial arts …
Bruce Lee .
Bruce Lee
Computer Characters
In the beginning of the video game entertainment revolution , the characters were simple and easy to understand , such as Donkey Kong , Sonic the Hedgehog , Mega Man and Dr. Robotnik .
As time passed , however , our computer character companions grew more sophisticated .
Take , for example , Master Chief from Halo , Gordon Freeman from Half Life or Lord Sephiroth from Final Fantasy .
If Donkey Kong or Sonic ever saw what the “ next generation ” was doing to pixels , they would have a nervous breakdown .
If you can tear yourself away from videogames long enough to take a look at Twitter , you can follow these computer characters to your heart ’s desire .
It ’s - a me , Mario !
Sonic The Hedgehog
Its like pokemon … everywhere Gotta Roboticize them all !
Dr. Robotnik
It ’s on like Donkey Kong !
Donky Kong
Got some good loot today !
Lucky me !
Mega Man
Crowbar - wielding time - travelling theoretical physicist on a mission
Gordon Freeman
I am THE Masterchief .
I have fought the Flood and Covenant with great success .
Master Chief
Today I think I ’ll destroy the world !
Lord Sephiroth
Disney Characters
Disney has given us all so much …
Disney ’s vast entertainment empire may have begun with Steamboat Willie ( who now goes by the name “ Mickey Mouse ” ) , it certainly did n’t end there .
Just ask Mufasa or any of the other countless characters forced to work day and night for the man , or , mouse .
Check out these Disney characters on Twitter and see what bizarre things they are up to !
To climb the mountain , you must begin at the bottom
Mufasa
Well , it looks like we solved the mystery of what ’s in Minnie ’s handbag .
But now we have a new mystery – why the picture of Chip and Dale ?
Mickey Mouse
That ’ll teach you to try and keep up with that scoot - bootin ’ , loop - loopin ’ cowgirl , pardner !
Buzz LIghtyear
Not sure why a dinosaur has to learn Spanish … #dinosaurproblems
Rex the Dinosaur
50 , I am , and still the cutest thing online
Baby Yoda
Dead Presidents of the USA
The United States has had more than its fair share of presidents that have checked out early like John F. Kennedy or Honest Abe .
Yet most of the time , nothing so sad or dramatic happens .
Most of the time presidents hang out , do their thing and ( mostly ) stay out of trouble .
Some presidents were former generals such as George Washington and Dwight D. Eisenhower and others were thinkers like Thomas Jefferson .
In the end , one fact regarding presidents is pretty certain ; they have more gray hair when they leave office .
Our list of dead presidents will let you see what the leaders of the free world tweet from the other side of the grave .
Do you want a peaceful revolution ?
Vote JFK
John F. Kennedy
I am Lincoln bereft of the myths spun by fawning biographers .
Honest Abe
I do n’t like to take money from friends .
Richard Nixon
True friendship is a plant of slow growth , and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation .
George Washington
Author of the Declaration of American Independence , the Statute of Virginia for Religious Freedom , and graduate of the College of William and Mary
Thomas Jefferson
If you ca n’t stand the pandemic , then stay home for goodness ’ sake
Harry S. Truman
For all this talk of who built this and who did n’t build that …I built an entire interstate highway system .
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Ancient Celebrities
History has shown that there are many ways that one can leave a lasting impression .
You can be an insane killer like Al Capone , a brilliant thinker like Albert Einstein , or a charismatic leader like Winston Churchill .
There is no one clear path to “ eternal fame . ”
Unless you tweet from the afterlife .
Purchased wii fit today .
Ran on the spot for 3 minutes and thought I was going to die !!
Not good I ’m all shook up .
Elvis
Every story has an ending .
But in life , sometimes an ending is just a new beginning .
Marilyn Monroe
ee hee …*A-C-H- O - O !* ( Stupid allergies ) Shamon ..
Michael Jackson
I am the healthiest individual ever to be King of England .
My physical strength and stamina are extraordinary .
Adonis !
Henry VIII
Do n’t come for me unless I send for you .
Mary Queen of Scotts
With the traits of Piglet , and the reincarnation of Vincent , how long can one good soul last ?
Vincent VanGogh
What , pray , ist thou doing ?
William Shakespeare
I would rather die standing up , then live life on my knees
Che Guevara
Summer ’s almost over ; not a lotta time left to take your cement shoes out to Lake Michigan for a test - swim , see ?!
Al Capone
As far as I ’m concerned , I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue .
Albert Einstein
DAMN YOU Auto Correct !
Winston Churchill
Everything Marlon Brando .
Marlon Brando
It ’s not what you are that counts , and it ’s what they think you are .
Andy Warhol
And I ’d rather stay here with all the madmen than perish with the sad men roaming free
David Bowie
Muppets and Puppets
There is no reason why muppets ca n’t tweet too .
Sure , their hands may be green and fuzzy , but they have hands no less .
Find out what your favorite characters have to say by following these folks on twitter .
Just be prepared that these puppets may have a huge influence over your life .
After all , how could you resist wanting a cookie yourself after reading the Cookie Monster ’s tweets ?
Not easy being green | Feeling froggy | Dating a pig |
Sick banjo skills
Kermit The Frog
Moi is on the red carpet at the Oscars !
Where ’s Clooney ?
Miss Piggy
Waiter !
bring me something to eat and make it snappy .
— waiter :
How about a crocodile sandwich ?
Fozzie Bear
I do n’t always eat bird seed milkshakes , you know .
This morning I had birdseed cereal !
It ’s called “ Shredded Tweet . ”
Big Bird
Me a monster primarily focused on cookies .
And pop culture .
Also me like cookies in pop culture .
Cookie Monster
If you try to pay with a personal check , Van Helsing will soak all your clothes in garlic , replace all your bread with hot CROSS buns , and let sunlight into your house by removing the roof .
Statler and Waldorf
Do n’t ’ get me wrong , I mean , I LOVE TRASH and all … but c’mon , folks – this is a bit outta hand !
Oscar The Grouch
Serial Killers
If you are feeling more macabre , you can always follow the tweets of famous serial killers including Ted Bundy , John Wayne Gacy Jr and Charles Manson .
Yes , whatever serial killer you prefer , there is some nutty person out there sending out his tweets .
Just be sure to proceed with caution and follow these tweets from a safe distance before they follow you !
Moral signpost / cultural commentator / mystic / feminist .
Peter Sutcliffe
Good morning …
Who am I kidding .
Have a bad morning .
Jack the Ripper
I am the man in the mirror , your projection I am soul .
Charles Manson
Former Public Enemy # 1 , faked my own death , now traveling the world .
Osama Bin Laden
Do you want some ice cream ???
I have ben and jerry in the freezer
Jeffrey Dahmer
Birthday clown – charity worker
John Wayne Gacy , Jr.
Personalized stationery is one of the small but truly necessary luxuries of life .
Ted Bundy
Fictional Characters
Everyone has a famous fictionalized character that they would like to meet .
Now you can finally exchange conversation with your favorite characters courtesy of twitter .
And , better yet , all of these characters are claiming to be “ real . ”
Learn more about the inside thoughts of Homer , Bart , The Terminator and even Borat , by following these folks on Twitter .
Best .
Magazine .
Ever .
Homer Simpson
Smithers said I need to be more genteel , and accessible to the masses who thirst for my sage wisdom and advice .
Giving my worldly views for free is wrong !
Montgomery Burns
Millhouse is visiting his grandma this week … .
I ’ve been sooo bored .
Bart Simpson
CEO OF SCOOBY SNACKS
Scooby Doo
Today is # JudgmentDay .
Tomorrow we meet our fate
The Terminator
Do you people have any idea how difficult it is to tweet without opposable thumbs ?!
Skippy The Kangaroo
Cheese is my most favourite meat
Borat
Twitter : when someone asks you “ Are you a God ? ” , you say “ YES . ”
Dr. P Venkman
Finally got the gremlin out of my computer !
Now I can continue investigating the image of Jesus in my grilled cheese
Dr. E Spengler
it ’s a good thing we ran up and down the Rocky steps before desert , good chance that would not of been pretty .
Rocky
I First name
Mr middle name period last name T and I pity the fool who do n’t already know who I am !
Mr T
They said it was a million dollar wound , but the Army must keep that money cause I still ai n’t seen a nickel of that million dollars .
Forrest Gump
Also known as Vigo the Cruel , Vigo the Torturer , Vigo the Despised , and Vigo. Sorceror .
Vigo
Running around leaving scars , collecting my jar of hearts and tearing love apart …
Voldemort
Detectives
Following these detectives on twitter gives “ watching the detectives ” new meaning .
There is always a crime , and one of these famous detectives is always following a clue .
You can choose from detectives like Sherlock Holmes and Columbo .
Maybe by spending more time with these great detectives , you can learn to unlock some clues in your own life .
Do n’t tell anyone but I ’m going to hide behind this tree for a little while .
Lord Lucan
You ’re the one who watches Eastenders , John .
Sherlock Holmes
Just one more tweet .
Lieutenant Columbo
If I ’m not back in 5 minutes just wait longer .
Ace Ventura
The world of twitter is vast and varied .
Alive or dead you can share your thoughts and feelings with the whole world .
Whether this is a good thing or not is still up for debate .
Which one of these accounts will have you lol’ing or just plain scratching your head ?
The Blessed One said :
One would not chase after the past , or place expectations on the future .
What is past is left behind .
The future is as yet un-reached .
Whatever quality is present one clearly sees right there , right there .
Unvanquished , unshaken , that ’s how one develops the mind .
Ardently doing one ’s duty today , for — who knows ? — tomorrow death may come .
There is no bargaining with Death and his mighty horde .
Whoever lives thus ardently , relentlessly both day and night , has truly had an auspicious day :
So says the Peaceful Sage .
♥ Chasing and Not Chasing the Past ♥
“ And how , monks , does one chase after the past ?
One gets carried away with the delight of ‘ In the past I had such a form ( body ) ’ …
‘ In the past I had such a feeling ’… ‘ In the past I had such a perception ’… ‘ In the past I had such a thought - fabrication ” …
‘ In the past I had such a consciousness . ’
This is called chasing after the past .
“ And how does one not chase after the past ?
One does not get carried away with the delight of ‘ In the past I had such a form ( body ) ’ …
‘ In the past I had such a feeling ’… ‘ In the past I had such a perception ’… ‘ In the past I had such a thought - fabrication ” …
‘ In the past I had such a consciousness . ’
This is called not chasing after the past .
♥ Placing and Not Placing Expectations
On the Future ♥
“ And how does one place expectations on the future ?
One gets carried away with the delight of ‘ In the future I might have such a form ( body ) ’ …
‘ In the future I might have such a feeling ’…
‘ In the future I might have such a perception ’… ‘ In the future I might have such a thought - fabrication ” …
‘ In the future I might have such a consciousness . ’
This is called placing expectations on the future .
“ And how does one not place expectations on the future ?
One does not get carried away with the delight of ‘ In the future I might have such a form ( body ) ’ …
‘ In the future I might have such a feeling ’…
‘ In the future I might have such a perception ’… ‘ In the future I might have such a thought - fabrication ” …
‘ In the future I might have such a consciousness . ’
This is called not placing expectations on the future .
♥ Defeat and Victory In the Present ♥
“ And how is one vanquished with regard to present qualities ?
There is the case where an uninstructed run -of - the - mill person who has not seen the noble ones , is not versed in the teachings of the noble ones , is not trained in the teachings of the noble ones , sees form as self , or self as possessing form , or form as in self , or self as in form .
“ He / she sees feeling as self … perception as self … thought - fabrications as self …
“ He / she sees consciousness as self , or self as possessing consciousness , or consciousness as in self , or self as in consciousness .
This is called being vanquished with regard to present qualities .
♥
“ And how is one not vanquished with regard to present qualities ?
There is the case where a disciple of the noble ones who has seen the noble ones , is versed in the teachings of the noble ones , is well - trained in the teachings of the noble ones , does not see form as self , or self as possessing form , or form as in self , or self as in form .
“ He / she does not see feeling as self … perception as self … thought - fabrications as self …
He / she does not see consciousness as self , or self as possessing consciousness , or consciousness as in self , or self as in consciousness .
This is called not being vanquished with regard to present qualities .
♥♥♥
One would not chase after the past , or place expectations on the future .
What is past is left behind .
The future is as yet un-reached .
Whatever quality is present one clearly sees right there , right there .
Unvanquished , unshaken , that ’s how one develops the mind .
Ardently doing one ’s duty today , for — who knows ? — tomorrow death may come .
There is no bargaining with Death and his mighty horde .
Whoever lives thus ardently , relentlessly both day and night , has truly had an auspicious day :
So says the Peaceful Sage . [ MN 131 ]
37.871593 -122.272747
Australian Gyms Dumping Pop Music After Massive Increase In Royalty Rates
from the backfiring ... dept
" We 've seen a groundswell of discontent from gym members and fitness instructors who 've been ordered to use cover music . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Last year , we wrote about an effort by the Australian performance collection society , the Phonographic Performance Company of Australia ( PPCA ) to massively boost royalty rates played by gyms , who often use music in exercise classes .
This followed a similar effort with massively boosting rates at clubs and bars , which led those clubs and bars to stop playing covered music .
It looks like the same thing is happening in gyms as well .
Reader Shadzzy sends over news that the Australian Copyright Tribunal ( who knows what they were thinking ) has approved the massive boost in royalty rates .
Where gyms used to have to pay $ 0.968 per , they now have to pay $ 1 perper class .
That 's a massive increase , and makes it impossible for many gyms to pay those royalty rates .
What it means , of course , is that the music is being played .
The gyms are looking for alternatives , because it simply does n't make sense to pay tens of thousands of dollars tomusic to its members .
PPCA is , of course , in denial .
It 's claiming that people are complaining about gyms not playing popular music , and that fitness centers who wo n't play popular music at such extortionate rates are treating its members " with utter contempt .
" I would imagine that those members would find having to get a massive increase in their membership bill creates a much bigger " groundswell of discontent , " and would find that it 's actually PPCA that 's treating everyone with " utter contempt , " by making the situation worse for everyone .
The musicians PPCA " represents , " now get their music played significantly less .
Gyms have to offer a " worse " overall service , and members get a somewhat worse experience .
The problem is that PPCA ( and the Copyright Tribunal 's ) view of what is a reasonable royalty rate is simply out of line with reality .
But since the entertainment industry has been able to set up this system where the government sets the price , and the industry influences those setting the price , then it gets to set rates that have no connection to reality .
Filed Under : australia , gyms , royalties
Police to get more powers over charging crime suspects
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Police in England and Wales will be given more discretion to decide when some crime suspects should be charged .
Home Secretary Theresa
May also pledged cuts in bureaucracy and a " massive " transfer of power to communities , with locally - elected police commissioners .
Shadow home secretary Alan Johnson said elected officials - which police authorities oppose - would " politicise operations " and undermine the service .
Ms May also warned forces would have to share the burden of the recession .
Speaking to the Police Federation conference she announced a " full review " of pay and conditions for police officers and staff .
However she confirmed that the remainder of the police 's three - year pay deal , negotiated by the Labour government , would be honoured .
But she stepped back from guaranteeing police numbers - currently around 140,000 - would not fall as a result of cuts .
[ Elected police commissioners ] would introduce more politics to policing - which is something nobody wants
APA chairman Rob Garnham Following the home secretary 's speech in Bournemouth , Mr Johnson said the plan for elected commissioners would " undermine the basic principles of policing in this country which have existed for over 200 years " .
" Theresa May said she wants to listen to the police but if she did she would already know that at every level the police vehemently oppose these proposals , " he said .
The Association of Police Authorities ( APA ) - which represents forces in England , Wales and Northern Ireland - said it " strongly disagreed " with the plan .
APA Chair Rob Garnham said : " Like many of our senior police colleagues , police authorities do not believe that introducing more politics to policing would be in the interests of the communities we serve . "
He added they welcomed proposals on cutting bureaucracy and giving more information to people about crime in their area .
' Not running police '
Giving her first speech since taking office , Ms May confirmed the power to charge people suspected of low - level offences would be returned to police .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) is currently responsible for making decisions in all but the most minor cases .
I want the police to be crime fighters not form fillers
Home Secretary Theresa May
Under the new scheme - which was already being piloted before the general election - offences which could fall under the control of uniformed officers include common assault , theft or breach of bail .
Ms May went on to say she wanted to give officers more freedom and responsibility by cutting down on bureaucracy and reducing interference from Whitehall .
" I 'm not interested in running the police .
If I wanted to run the police I would have done what you all did and joined the police force , " she said .
" That is not the home secretary 's job , " she added .
Unpopular plan
The government would consider dismantling " the targets in disguise " - such as Key Performance Indicators - and would stop burdening forces with short - term " initiatives and gimmicks " , she said .
But she said in return for more freedom the police must accept " a transfer of power over policing from Whitehall to communities by giving local people a real say over how their streets are policed " .
Local accountability would happen through elected police commissioners , she said .
The proposal would in " no way undermine your operational independence " , she promised .
Ms May said the government would also " untangle the knot " of restrictive health and safety rules and re-balance the law in favour of those who stood up to anti-social behaviour .
She said national " one-size - fits - all " targets would be scrapped and unnecessary paperwork dropped .
Delegates applauded when she said " stop forms " - used when people are stopped in the street - would be scrapped and the stop - and - search procedures simplified .
Ms May said : " I want the police to be crime fighters not form fillers . "
Police were also told more detailed crime maps would be published to enable the public to challenge them on their performance at local beat meetings .
' Initiative fatigue ' Ms May provoked laughter and applause with a reference to former Prime Minister Tony Blair .
She said : " Somebody once said you need to be ' tough on crime , tough on the causes of crime ' .
And for once he was right .
He just did n't really do it . "
Earlier , Police Federation chairman Paul McKeever warned the home secretary to be wary of advice from civil servants and highlighted the high turnover of Home Office ministers in recent years .
Mr McKeever said police needed to be accountable but were suffering from " initiative fatigue " , and fed up with bureaucrats constantly checking their work .
He also called on Ms May to block the release from prison of police - killers .
A review said current procedures for charging were complex and inefficient
He had previously welcomed the expected plan to cut bureaucracy and give more charging powers to police sergeants .
Earlier he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : " We 've been calling for this for some time .
It 's treating us like adults , grown - up professionals . "
Sir Hugh Orde , president of the Association of Chief Police Officers , said it would simply mark a return to a tried and tested system .
An inspection report 18 months ago concluded charging procedures were complex and inefficient , and significant numbers of suspects were granted police bail because the process took too long .
Last month , a pilot scheme allowing officers more discretion to charge suspects started in five police force areas .
The scheme - first announced last November by the CPS and Association of Chief Police Officers - will run until October .
A CPS spokesperson said : " The pilots are running as planned and ... will be the subject of an evaluation which will inform further implementation . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have to admit , refactoring Haskell code ( or perhaps even just functional code ) is a bit of a mystery to me .
A typical refactoring session for me might look like this : sit down in front of code , reread code .
Run hlint on the code , fix the problems it gives you .
Look at the code some more .
Make some local transformations to make a pipeline tighter or give a local subexpression a name .
Decide the code is kind of pretty and functional and go do something else .
Part of the problem is that I have n't developed the nose for common code smells for functional programs .
The odors I might detect in code written in other languages , such as overly long functions and methods , duplicate code and overly coupled code , exists to a far smaller degree in my Haskell programs .
Most functions I write are only a few ( albeit dense ) lines , light - weight and first order helper functions make ad hoc code sharing very easy , and default purity encourages loose coupling of state .
That 's not to say there are n't problems with the code : code written in do - blocks can quickly balloon to dozens of lines ( this seems inevitable if you 're programming on gtk2hs ) , higher - level boilerplate code require more advanced tricks to scrap , and it's very convenient and tempting to simply shove everything into the IO monad .
But the level of these problems seems low enough that they can be brushed aside .
I can write code that really bothers me when I come back , either to understand it again or to extend it to do other things .
On an ad hoc basis , I 've discovered some things that can make long term maintenance a little more troublesome :
Insufficiently general types .
Explicitly writing out your type signatures is a good thing to do when you 're debugging type errors , but often if you let the function be inferred you might find that your function can be far more general than the obvious signature suggests .
Code that has State ( ) as its type usually can be generalized to be MonadState m => m ( ) , and in many cases ( such as error handling ) you will almost certainly want this generalization down the road .
as its type usually can be generalized to be , and in many cases ( such as error handling ) you will almost certainly want this generalization down the road .
Monolithic functions .
If you 're writing a piece of functionality top - to - bottom , it 's really easy to say , " Hmm , I need a function of type FilePath -> String -> IO [ FilePath ] " in several places and forget that the internal code may be useful for some speculative future use of the program .
Sometimes this is easy to resolve , since you had a three - liner that should have been three one - liners , or too much code in a monad that did n't need to be , but even then you still have to choose names for all of the sub- functions , and in some cases , the division is n't even clear .
" in several places and forget that the internal code may be useful for some speculative future use of the program .
Sometimes this is easy to resolve , since you had a three - liner that should have been three one - liners , or too much code in a monad that did n't need to be , but even then you still have to choose names for all of the sub- functions , and in some cases , the division is n't even clear .
Insufficiently general data structures or recursion duplication .
When you 're reducing a complex recursive structure , it 's quite easy to pick just precisely the data structure that will contain the data you want .
But if you then decide you want some other information that can't be shoehorned into your structure , you have two choices : retrofit all of the existing code you wrote for the recursion to make it contain the extra information you were looking for , or write a whole new set of functions for recursively traversing the data structure .
For complex functions , this can be a fairly large set of pattern matches that need to be handled .
( Yes , I know you can Scrap Your Boilerplate , but in some cases it feels slightly too heavy a weapon to wield on code . )
Orphan instances .
Sometimes the library writer just did n't put the instance you wanted into their code , and you 're faced with a choice : the easy , sinful route of defining an orphan instance , or being a good citizen and newtype'ing , and eating the extra verbosity of wrapping and unwrapping .
Then a library update comes along and breaks your code .
Ad -hoc parsing .
While extremely convenient , read and show were not actually designed for production .
I 've spent time crafting Read instances long after I should have switched to using a parsing library .
But I 'm really curious what you look for in code that you know is going to bite you in the future , and what steps you take to mitigate the risk .
“ The things you own end up owning you . ”
- Tyler Durden , Fight Club
Did you know that the average home size in the US has more than doubled in recent years ?
According to the National Association of Home Builders , the average new home was only 983 square feet in 1950 – compared with 2,349 square feet in 2004 !
And yet we * still * often have trouble stuffing everything we own into our houses .
With all that extra space , it ’s getting harder than ever to organize everything we own as well .
Our culture has embraced bigger is better , more is better .
Recently though , there ’s been a backlash .
You ’ve probably seen it as well : simplifying away from the inconsequential many – and getting back to the important few .
Have you also felt the need to get back to what really matters ?
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by the task of organizing – and decluttering – all the stuff you own ?
Imagine working in a clean , organized work environment where you can find things easily – and have clear space to get what you need done .
I ’ve found that knowing where everything is , and keeping my home and work space free from clutter helps me concentrate better and be more productive .
This article is broken into 3 parts :
Let ’s begin !
Part 1 : How To Declutter and Organize Your Home
Lisa LaBoriqua
15:32 17 Nov 19
Stephanie Wolfson ?
When you find Stephanie Wolfson , you need to stop , pick up the phone and call her if you need AN AMAZING REAL ESTATE ATTORNEY and PLUS !
I have been in the Mortgage Industry now for 4 years , and have had the great experience of working with MANY attorneys on all my deals .
Both Buyer and Seller Side .
Some names I see , and I am literally WORRIED because I know they are NOT into doing their job very well .
And when I see STEPHANIE WOLFSON I know she is one step ahead of everything , super timely , great communicator and getting the job DONE !
Also , at a very fair price .
Ask her how she can also help you with your Estate Planning ... things you are holding off on .
She will be quick , thorough and painless .
And when I have a Spanish - speaking client , I know they are in great hands with her staff .
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND STEPHANIE and cannot say enough great things about this very talented , graceful and professional soul .
Lisa " La Boriqua " - Dancing n Financing !
As I trundle to the playground with two little boys scooting beside me , pushing a double buggy complete with screeching twins , I am stopped by an elderly woman .
She peers into the pushchair , looks up with pity in her rheumy eyes .
" Are they all boys ? " she asks sympathetically .
" Yes , " I reply .
" Poor you .
Better luck next time , " she says as she shuffles off after her dog .
This , I have come to understand , is the reaction that my adored sons almost exclusively elicit .
Just by having four children I have marked myself out from the norm , but even worse , all my offspring are male .
I cannot count the number of times I have been asked if I long for a daughter , or have been kindly told I could try again for a girl .
I often wonder if mothers trailing gaggles of girls inspire the same degree of pity as I do with my brood of boys .
Everyone assumes I must be desperate for a girl , that I must feel lonely and isolated in a house pumped full of testosterone , and no one feels ashamed to tell me this in front of my sons .
The message is clear : having boys is a curse , rather than a blessing .
How insulting is this to my four beautiful boys ?
Once , families were not considered complete without at least one son .
The world has moved on since then , but someone along the line , things have swung a little too far the other way .
" In today 's society it seems to have become acceptable to disrespect men and to criticise male characteristics , " explains Dr Sandra Wheatley , a social psychologist specialising in families and children .
" The public perception of young boys and men is very negative , whether it's male toddlers being boisterous in the playground or teenage hoodies terrorising our streets .
This has the effect of making girls seem more prized , " she continues .
It is perhaps no wonder that boys can become disaffected , hostile or even violent in a world that is offended by their maleness .
But as the mother of four boys I am determined that my sons will never feel that their gender in some way makes them inferior or unwanted .
I will sing the praises of boys to all those people who are so dismayed by my Barbie - free family .
I always wanted two boys , two years apart and that is just what I had in my sons Jacob , six , and Max , four .
But when I fell pregnant again I was thrilled .
Everyone around me was hoping for a girl and when it turned out to be twin boys , the commiserations were quick to roll in .
I will admit to being daunted , but only because there were two in there .
I knew how delightful baby boys were , so what could be nicer than having even more ?
My house may be forever littered with Lego and plastic alien figures from Ben 10 ; every stick we meet may instantly be transformed into a weapon ; and a lazy weekend is a thing of the past with four small boys who , just like dogs , need regular exercise , but I feel lucky to be the mother of boys because one thing they do best is love their mummy .
Just as I am about to lose the plot because one or other boy has broken a treasured ornament , trodden mud across a freshly washed floor or thumped his brother and made him cry , they will disarm me with word or gesture that makes my heart contract with joy .
Rather than feel isolated in my house full of men , I am its queen .
My sons ' usual greeting is to fling their arms around me in a rumbustious cuddle and cover me with sticky kisses .
Even my 15 - month - old twins , Jonah and Zachary , crawl after me like lovesick puppies .
I am showered with affection from dawn till dusk , and often in the early hours when one crawls into my bed after a scary dream .
Has any woman ever been so loved ?
If she has sons then yes , she probably has .
If I have a haircut or buy a new pair of shoes Jacob never fails to notice and tell me how pretty they are .
He will make a wonderful husband one of these days .
My sons are not all about running around and getting dirty either .
The other weekend I spent hours exploring the Victoria and Albert Museum in London with Jacob , and even though there was n't a dinosaur or space rocket in sight we had a perfect day .
He also combines judo classes with ballet lessons , so I get the best of both worlds – boyish energy and elegant grace , if not a pink tutu – why are mothers of girls so quick to fill their houses with pink tutus ?
Despite this evidence to the contrary , there is a perception that girls are somehow more thoughtful , more of a companion to their mothers .
" Women tend to want girls more than boys because they think that they will connect better with a daughter , that they will understand her needs more than a boy , " says Wheatley .
Helen Brown is the community manager for parenting website , Mumsnet , which she says has seen much heated defence of sons from mothers who are sick of being pitied because they had the " misfortune " to give birth to boys .
As a mother of three boys herself , Brown says she has experienced the same prejudice : " When I told my mother that I was having a third boy she said , ' What a shame . '
I think she was worried that I would have no one to talk to and no one to do things like go shopping with . "
This is because we are swift to slap negative stereotypes onto boys .
" Boys are constantly told that they are too boisterous and not as well behaved as girls , " says Wheatley .
I know that when my four boys are on the loose I attract rueful glances and if I had a pound for all the times someone has exclaimed " You 've got your hands full ! " I could send all four to Eton .
Of course it has n't always been so .
If I had been married to Henry VIII I would have been his favourite wife by far , bearing not one but four strapping lads , but times have changed and we no longer value boys .
Now that women work and do n't need a man to support them , male children have lost their allure .
" Boys have lost the USP as men are made redundant in our society , " explains Wheatley .
The danger of this path is that boys give up hope and feel undervalued and unwanted ; they already suffer on many fronts from underperforming at school to experiencing more mental health problems .
This is a fate that I fear for my sons and to avert this , I want to wave the flag for boys .
I know many mothers of teenage sons who look on smugly as their friends with girls deal with adolescent angst , while their boys are still offering regular cuddles , and the worst thing they have to worry about is how to prise him off the computer for long enough to do his homework .
I know adult sons who are the main carers for their elderly parents or who would never dream of letting a week pass without calling home .
So next time someone gives me that horrified look as they take in my family and breathe " four boys ... " in terrified tones , I intend to smile and say : " Yes , lucky me . "
Because that 's how having boys makes me feel : the luckiest mother alive .
Testosterone means trouble
* Girls outperform boys at all levels from Early Years Foundation Stage to higher education .
* Boys are more likely than girls to have a mental disorder .
Among five - to 10 - year - olds , 10 per cent of boys and 5 per cent of girls had a mental disorder .
Among 11 - 16 year olds , the proportions were 13 per cent for boys and 10 per cent for girls .
* Suicide , substance misuse , anti-social behaviour , " disappearing " from home , homelessness and a variety of behavioural problems are all more common in males .
Men are also more likely to exhibit personality disorders .
* 95 percent of the prison population in the UK is male .
* Young men aged 16 to 24 are most at risk of becoming a victim of violent crime .
So I just copy and pasted the code .
I will have the copied pasted code in bold , and my notes about sections of the code in italics .
These notes will be added after the fact , so italic notes and regular // commented notes comprise the My notes will be added to this , so if you include them in your code , be sure to // comment them out .
/***
PIN ASSIGNMENTS ON ATMEGA48
PC6 ( PCINT14/RESET )
PC5 ( ADC5 / SCL / PCINT13 ) // I2C Clock input
PC4 ( ADC4 / SDA / PCINT12 ) // I2C Data input
PC3 ( ADC3 / PCINT11 ) // Sensor 4 IR Receiver
PC2 ( ADC2 / PCINT10 ) // Sensor 3 IR Receiver
PC1 ( ADC1 / PCINT9 ) //Sensor 2 IR Receiver
PC0 ( ADC0 / PCINT8 ) // Sensor 1 IR Receiver
PB7 ( PCINT7 / XTAL2 / TOSC2 ) //IR 4 Trigger
PB6 ( PCINT6 / XTAL1 / TOSC1 ) //IR 3 Trigger
PB5 ( SCK / PCINT5 ) //IR 2 Trigger
PB4 ( MISO / PCINT4 ) //IR 1 Trigger
PB3 ( MOSI / OC2A / PCINT3 ) //PWM 3
PB2 ( SS / OC1B / PCINT2 )
PB1 ( OC1A / PCINT1 )
PB0 ( PCINT0 / CLKO / ICP1 )
PD0 ( PCINT16 / RXD )
PD1 ( PCINT17 / TXD )
PD2 ( PCINT18 / INT0 )
PD3 ( PCINT19 / OC2B/INT1 ) //PWM 4
PD4 ( PCINT20 /XCK/T0 )
PD5 ( PCINT21/OC0B/T1 ) //PWM 2
PD6 ( PCINT22/OC0A/AIN0 ) //PWM 1
PD7 ( PCINT23 / AIN1 )
***/
# define IR_1_ON PORTB |= ( 1 <<4 )
# define IR_2_ON PORTB |= ( 1<<5 )
# define IR_3_ON PORTB |= ( 1<<6 )
# define IR_4_ON PORTB |= ( 1 <<7 )
# define IR_1_OFF PORTB &= ~ ( 1<< 4 )
# define IR_2_OFF PORTB &= ~ ( 1<<5 )
# define IR_3_OFF PORTB &= ~ ( 1<<6 )
# define IR_4_OFF PORTB &= ~ ( 1<<7 )
#define PWM1 6 //PORTD PWM pin assignments
#define PWM2 5 //PORTD
#define PWM3 3 //PORTB
#define PWM4 3 //PORTD
# define F_CPU 8000000UL
#include
#include
#include
//#include
/**** Function Declarations ****/
int ADC_read ( void ) ;
void A2D_Channel_Select( unsigned char channel ) ;
void Init_ADC ( void ) ;
void Init_Timer0 ( void ) ;
void Init_Timer1 ( void ) ;
void Init_Timer2 ( void ) ;
void Delay ( void ) ;
void Calibrate_Sensors ( void ) ;
//void Init_I2C_Slave_Rx( void ) ;
All , but one , of these variables is declared volatile because basically all of the work is done in
interrupt service routines
/**** Global Variable Declarations ****/
volatile char Sensor_Values_Updated = 0 ;
volatile char Timer1 _Overflow = 0 ;
volatile unsigned char channel = 0 ;
volatile int Amb_Sensor_1 = 0 , Amb_Sensor_2 = 0 , Amb_Sensor_3 = 0 , Amb_Sensor_4 = 0 ;
volatile int Sensor_1 = 0 , Sensor_2 = 0 , Sensor_3 = 0 , Sensor_4 = 0 ;
volatile int Initial_1 = 0 , Initial_2 = 0 , Initial_3 = 0 , Initial_4 = 0 ;
volatile int New_PWM1 = 0 , New_PWM2 = 0 , New_PWM3 = 0 , New_PWM4 = 0 ;
volatile int Old_PWM1 = 0 , Old_PWM2 = 0 , Old_PWM3 = 0 , Old_PWM4 = 0 ;
unsigned char buffer = 8 ;
int main ( void )
{
DDRB = 0xff ;
// make sure IR emitters are turned off , and PWM 3
PORTB &= ~(( 1 << 7 ) |( 1 << 6 ) |( 1 << 5 ) |( 1 << 4 ) |( 1 << 3 ) ) ;
DDRC = 0x00 ; // make PORT C inputs
DDRD = 0xff ;
PORTD = 0x00 ; // set all of PORT D low .
ensures
Init_ADC ( ) ;
sei ( ) ;
Calibrate_Sensors ( ) ;
PORTD |= ( 1 << PWM1 ) ; // blink to indicate end of Calibration
_delay_ms ( 600 ) ;
PORTD &= ~( 1 << PWM1 ) ;
Init_Timer0 ( ) ;
Init_Timer2 ( ) ;
//Init_I2C_Slave_Rx ( ) ;
while ( 1 )
{
// do something ?
//. . .
}
}
With the clock running at roughly 8MHz , and Timer 1 counting up to 65535 .
The timer will overflow roughly 122 times a second .
This ISR will fire and the timer overflow variable will increment , and then the SWITCH / CASE function will choose the next pixel to test
ISR ( TIMER1_OVF_vect )
{
Timer1 _Overflow ++ ; // increment timer overflow variable
switch ( Timer1_Overflow )
{
case 1 :
A2D_Channel_Select(0 ) ; //select ADC channel 0
Amb_Sensor_1 = ADC_read( ) ; // take ambient IR sensor reading
IR_1_ON ; //turn on IR 1 LED , PORTB |= ( 1 < < 4 )
Delay ( ) ; //delay for the IR receiver to settle
Sensor_1 = ADC_read( ) ; // take active ADC reading of IR receiver
IR_1_OFF ; //turn off IR 1 LED
New_PWM1 = ( Sensor_1 - Amb_Sensor_1 ) - Initial_1 ; //condition readings
if( New_PWM1 <= 0 ) { New_PWM1 = 0 ; } // prevent negative numbers
simple low - pass filter , ( 87.5 % * Old ) + ( 12.5 % * New ) .
It just takes the old value and weights it more than the older value .
Has the same effect of slowing down change , which is crucial in providing fluid changes in brightness
New_PWM1 = ( ( 7* Old_PWM1 ) >> 3 ) + ( New_PWM1 >>3 ) ;
if( OCR0A >= 1 ) { DDRD |= ( 1 << PWM1 ) ; }
else { DDRD &= ~( 1 << PWM1 ) ; } //turn off LEDs completely
//artificially increase the value of sensor reading , not entirely necessary , but makes the sensor seem more sensitive by being brighter sooner
New_PWM1 <<= 2 ;
if ( New_PWM1 > 255 ) { New_PWM1 = 255 ; }
OCR0A = New_PWM1 ;
New_PWM1 >>= 2 ;
The below code that is entirely commented out is a different brightness algorithm .
It is a triggering algorithm that will fade the LEDs on when something comes within a threshold .
And the LEDs will fade out slowly when the object is out of the threshold distance .
This is useful because the operation could be more reliable and the fade out time can be adjusted to be very long or however long you want it .
I have n't tested this code so I am not sure if it will work 100 %
/***** // Trigger sequence
if( New_PWM1 > Initial_1 )
{
DDRD |= ( 1 << PWM1 ) ;
if( OCR0A < 255 )
{
OCR0A += ( 255 - OCR0A ) >> 2 ;
//OCR0A ++;
}
if ( New_PWM1 < ( Initial_1 + 8 ) )
{
Initial_1 = ( ( 7 * Initial_1 ) > > 3 ) + ( New_PWM1 >>3 ) ;
}
}
else if ( New_PWM1 < Initial_1 )
{
if( OCR0A > 0 )
{
OCR0A -= ( OCR0A >> 4)+1 ;
//OCR0A--;
}
else if ( OCR0A <= 0 )
{
DDRD &= ~( 1 << PWM1 ) ;
}
}
*****/
Old_PWM1 = New_PWM1 ;
break ;
case 2 :
A2D_Channel_Select(1 ) ; //select ADC channel 1
Amb_Sensor_2 = ADC_read ( ) ;
IR_2_ON ; //turn on IR 2 LED , PORTB |= ( 1 < <5 )
Delay ( ) ; //delay for the IR receiver to settle
Sensor_2 = ADC_read ( ) ; // take ADC reading
IR_2_OFF ; //turn off IR 2 LED
New_PWM2 = ( Sensor_2 - Amb_Sensor_2 ) - Initial_2 ;
if ( New_PWM2 < 0 ) { New_PWM2 = 0 ; }
New_PWM2 = ( ( 7* Old_PWM2 ) >>3 ) + ( New_PWM2 >>3 ) ;
if( OCR0B >= 1 ) { DDRD |= ( 1 << PWM2 ) ; }
else { DDRD &= ~( 1 << PWM2 ) ; }
New_PWM2 <<= 2 ;
if ( New_PWM2 > 255 ) { New_PWM2 = 255 ; }
OCR0B = New_PWM2 ;
New_PWM2 >>= 2 ;
/*
if( New_PWM2 > Initial_2 )
{
DDRD |= ( 1 << PWM2 ) ;
if( OCR0B < 255 )
{
OCR0B += ( 255 - OCR0B ) >> 2 ;
//OCR0B ++;
}
if ( New_PWM2 < ( Initial_2 + 8 ) )
{
Initial_2 = ( ( 7 * Initial _2 ) > > 3 ) + ( New_PWM2 >>3 ) ;
}
}
else if ( New_PWM2 < Initial_2 )
{
if( OCR0B > 0 )
{
OCR0B -= ( OCR0B >> 4)+1 ;
//OCR0B--;
}
else if ( OCR0B <= 0 )
{
DDRD &= ~( 1 << PWM2 ) ;
}
}
*/
Old_PWM2 = New_PWM2 ;
break ;
case 3 :
A2D_Channel_Select(2 ) ; //select ADC channel 2
Amb_Sensor_3 = ADC_read ( ) ;
IR_3_ON ; //turn on IR 3 LED , PORTB |= ( 1 < <6 )
Delay ( ) ; //delay for the IR receiver to settle
Sensor_3 = ADC_read ( ) ; // take ADC reading
IR_3_OFF ; //turn off IR 3 LED
New_PWM3 = ( Sensor_3 - Amb_Sensor_3 ) - Initial_3 ;
if ( New_PWM3 < 0 ) { New_PWM3 = 0 ; }
New_PWM3 = ( ( 7* Old_PWM3 ) >> 3 ) + ( New_PWM3 >>3 ) ;
if( OCR2A >= 1 ) { DDRB |= ( 1 << PWM3 ) ;}
else { DDRB &= ~( 1 << PWM3 ) ; }
New_PWM3 <<= 2 ;
if ( New_PWM3 > 255 ) { New_PWM3 = 255 ; }
OCR2A = New_PWM3 ;
New_PWM3 >>= 2 ;
/*
if( New_PWM3 > Initial_3 )
{
DDRB |= ( 1 << PWM3 ) ;
if( OCR2A < 255 )
{
OCR2A += ( 255 - OCR2A ) >>2 ;
//OCR2A ++;
}
if ( New_PWM3 < ( Initial_3 + 8 ) )
{
Initial_3 = ( ( 7 * Initial_3 ) >> 3 ) + ( New_PWM3 >>3 ) ;
}
}
else if ( New_PWM3 < Initial_3 )
{
if( OCR2A > 0 )
{
OCR2A -= ( OCR2A >> 4)+1 ;
//OCR2A--;
}
else if ( OCR2A <= 0 )
{
DDRB &= ~( 1 << PWM3 ) ;
}
}
*/
Old_PWM3 = New_PWM3 ;
break ;
case 4 :
A2D_Channel_Select(3 ) ; //select ADC channel 3
Amb_Sensor_4 = ADC_read ( ) ;
IR_4_ON ; //turn on IR 4 LED , PORTB |= ( 1 < < 7 )
Delay ( ) ; //delay for the IR receiver to settle
Sensor_4 = ADC_read ( ) ; // take ADC reading
IR_4_OFF ; //turn off IR 4 LED
New_PWM4 = ( Sensor_4 - Amb_Sensor_4 ) - Initial_4 ;
if ( New_PWM4 < 0 ) { New_PWM4 = 0 ; }
New_PWM4 = ( ( 7* Old_PWM4 ) >> 3 ) + ( New_PWM4 >>3 ) ;
if( OCR2B >= 1 ) { DDRD |= ( 1 << PWM4 ) ; }
else { DDRD &= ~( 1 << PWM4 ) ; }
New_PWM4 <<= 2 ;
if ( New_PWM4 > 255 ) { New_PWM4 = 255 ; }
OCR2B = New_PWM4 ;
New_PWM4 >>= 2 ;
/*
if( New_PWM4 > Initial_4 )
{
DDRD |= ( 1 << PWM4 ) ;
if( OCR2B < 255 )
{
OCR2B += ( 255 - OCR2B ) >>2 ;
//OCR2B ++;
}
if ( New_PWM4 < ( Initial_4 + 8 ) )
{
Initial_4 = ( ( 7 * Initial_4 ) > > 3 ) + ( New_PWM4 >>3 ) ;
}
}
else if ( New_PWM1 < Initial_4 )
{
if( OCR2B > 0 )
{
OCR2B -= ( OCR2B >> 4)+1 ;
//OCR2B--;
}
else if ( OCR2B <= 0 )
{
DDRD &= ~( 1 << PWM4 ) ;
}
}
*/
Old_PWM4 = New_PWM4 ;
Timer1 _Overflow = 0 ; //reset
Sensor_Values_Updated = 1 ; //new values ready
break ;
}//end switch
}//end ISR
This is something I am going to try and figure out later .
It is untested elementary code which could allow me to use the Two Wire Interface ( I2C ) so several controllers and communicate with each other or have one master and a bunch of slaves .
/****
ISR ( TWI_vect ) // to include later when I get this figured out
{
switch ( TWSR )
{
case TW_SR_SLA_ACK : //0x60 //Own address Rx
Byte_Number == 1 ;
break ;
case TW_SR_DATA_ACK : // 0x80 , data in TWDR
switch ( Byte_Number )
{
case 1 :
Reg_Addr = TWDR ;
Byte_Number ++;
break ;
case 2 :
Reg_Val = TWDR ;
Byte_Number = 0 ; //reset , unless more bytes are coming
break ;
case Max_Bytes_Expected :
Reg_Val = TWDR ;
Byte_Number = 0 ; //reset , unless more bytes are coming
break ;
}
break ;
case TW_SR_GCALL_DATA_ACK : // 0x90
if ( Byte_Number == 1 )
{
Reg_Addr = TWDR ;
Byte_Number ++;
}
else if ( Byte_Number == 2 )
{
Reg_Val = TWDR ;
Byte_Number = 0 ; //reset , unless more bytes are coming
}
break ;
}//end switch
}//end ISR
void Init_I2C_Slave_Rx( void )
{
// Set Device Address in TWAR
TWAR = 10 ; // maybe make this as an argument to this function
TWCR |= ( ( 1 << TWEA ) |( 1 << TWEN ) ) ;
TWCR &= ~(( 1 << TWSTA ) |( 1 << TWSTO ) ) ;
}
****/
void Calibrate_Sensors ( void ) //establish initial ambient sensor values
{
char q = 0 ;
Init_Timer1 ( ) ;
for( q=0 ; q<32 ; q++ ) // should take one second - ish
{
// wait for Sensor cycle to be done , then gather sensors values
while ( Sensor_Values_Updated == 0 ) {}
Initial_1 += ( Sensor_1 - Amb_Sensor_1 ) ; //initial difference
Initial_2 += ( Sensor_2 - Amb_Sensor_2 ) ;
Initial_3 += ( Sensor_3 - Amb_Sensor_3 ) ;
Initial_4 += ( Sensor_4 - Amb_Sensor_4 ) ;
Sensor_Values_Updated = 0 ; //reset
}//end for
//condition Initial Ambient Sensor values , plus a buffer
Initial_1 = ( Initial_1 >> 5 ) + buffer ;
Initial_2 = ( Initial_2 >> 5 ) + buffer ;
Initial_3 = ( Initial_3 >> 5 ) + buffer ;
Initial_4 = ( Initial_4 >> 5 ) + buffer ;
}
void Init_ADC ( void )
{
ADMUX |= 1 << REFS0 ; //AVCC with external capacitor at AREF pin
ADMUX |= ( 1 <
}
void Init_Timer0 ( void ) //PWM for sensors 1 & 2
{
// Fast PWM , non-inverting , WGM02 - WGM00 == 011 , no overflow interrupt
TCCR0A |= ( ( 1 << COM0A1 ) |( 1 << COM0B1 ) |( 1 << WGM01 ) |( 1 << WGM00 ) ) ;
TCCR0B |= ( 1 << CS00 ) ; //start clock , no prescale
}
void Init_Timer1 ( void )
{
// no PWM , enable overflow interrupt ,
//TOP == 0xFFFF == 65536 cycles == roughly 122 overflow interrupts / sec
TCCR1B |= ( 1 << CS10 ) ;
TIMSK1 |= ( 1 << TOIE1 ) ;
}
void Init_Timer2 ( void ) //PWM for sensors 3 & 4
{
// Fast PWM , non-inverting , WGM22 - WGM20 == 011 , no overflow interrupt
TCCR2A |= ( ( 1 << COM2A1 ) |( 1 << COM2B1 ) |( 1 << WGM21 ) |( 1 << WGM20 ) ) ;
TCCR2B |= ( 1 << CS20 ) ; //start clock , no prescale
}
int ADC_read ( void ) /*** select ADC channel prior to calling this function ***/
{
int ADC_value = 0 ;
int ADCsample ;
char i ;
ADCSRA |= ( 1< ADCSRA |= ( 1 < while ( ( ADCSRA & ADSC ) ) ; // Wait for conversion to complete , and forget about it
// this is done no more than 64 times , any longer and ADC1_value will need to be larger than an unsigned int !!!!!!
for ( i=0 ; i< 64 ; i++)
{
ADCSRA |= ( 1 < while ( ( ADCSRA & ADSC ) ) ; // wait for conversion to finish
// change back to ADCL for 10 bit precision , and remove left - shift bit setting
ADCsample = ADCH ;
//ADCsample += ( ADCH << 8 ) ; // Left shift the top two bits 8 places
ADC_value += ADCsample ; //add ADCsample to ADC_sensor
}
// average sample by right shifting 6 places , same as dividing by 64
ADC_value = ( ADC_value >> 6 ) ;
return ADC_value ;
ADCSRA &= ~(1 <
void A2D_Channel_Select ( unsigned char channel )
{
switch ( channel )
{
case 0 : //select A2D channel 0
ADMUX &= ~(( 1 << 3 ) |( 1 << 2 ) |( 1 << 1 ) |( 1 << 0 ) ) ;
break ;
case 1 : //select A2D channel 1
ADMUX &= ~(( 1 << 3 ) |( 1 << 2 ) |( 1 << 1 ) ) ;
ADMUX |= ( 1 << 0 ) ;
break ;
case 2 : //select A2D channel 2
ADMUX &= ~(( 1 << 3 ) |( 1 << 2 ) |( 1 << 0 ) ) ;
ADMUX |= ( 1 << 1 ) ;
break ;
case 3 : //select A2D channel 3
ADMUX &= ~(( 1 << 3 ) |( 1 << 2 ) ) ;
ADMUX |= ( ( 1 << 1 ) |( 1 << 0 ) ) ;
break ;
/* I am not using these for this project
case 4 : //select A2D channel 4
ADMUX &= ~(( 1 << 3 ) |( 1 << 1 ) |( 1 << 0 ) ) ;
ADMUX |= ( 1 << 2 ) ;
break ;
case 5 : //select A2D channel 5
ADMUX &= ~(( 1 << 3 ) |( 1 << 1 ) ) ;
ADMUX |= ( ( 1 << 2 ) |( 1 << 0 ) ) ;
break ;
*/
}//end switch
}
void Delay ( void )
{
_delay_us ( 100 ) ;
}
Ik ben al langer cup gebruiker , wilde een nieuwe omdat oudere af en toe lekte .
Kwam bij toeval deze tegen .
Nu 1,5 dag in gebruik .
Was bij de eerste keer plaatsen nog wat angstig , cup is erg zacht vergeleken met andere cups , maar Beppy is echt waanzinnig !
Veel makkelijker in te brengen en uit te halen dan cup met steeltje .
En nog geen lekkage door omgekeerde trechter .
Ik ben blij !
Een mama van twee
After a fabulous evening of dancing in her stilettos , Hailey Coleman trudged home barefoot , hobbling on cobblestone streets in South Bank , London .
Nursing her poor , blistered feet , she realized this could be , should be been prevented .
“ I kept telling my friends : I want to make something that would save women from their beloved damn heels , ” said Coleman , 22 .
In March 2009 , two years after that European vacation , Coleman started to turn that memory of bare feet and dirty streets into a business .
The result ?
She launched Damn Heels in December , selling black , fold - up ballerina flats tucked into a pouch that ’s small enough to pop into a clutch purse .
The pouch , 18 centimetres long , turns into a bag big enough to hold your heels on the way home .
“ So many women have sworn off their heels when they have to walk home , late at night .
I know I have , ” Coleman said , laughing .
“ Now women have a way to go home in comfort . ”
Dorotea Mutabdzic , 25 , met Coleman in February at a charity event where Damn Heels was giving away samples .
Now , she packs the ballet slippers whenever she goes out for a night of fun .
“ It ’s such a simple , amazing product and all I could think is , ‘ How come nobody came up with this idea before ? ’ ” said the med school student .
Jessica Merolli , 26 , picked up a pair of the shoes at the charity event , too , and wears them almost every weekend when she comes to Toronto from her home in Hamilton .
“ By the end of night , all I can think is , ugh , my 5 - inch heels are killing me , ” she said .
“ And before , I would have to carry my runners in a huge bag , which is so not cool .
These flats are way more comfortable . ”
Coleman , a recent graduate of Ryerson ’s marketing program , spent nearly a year working on Damn Heels before she sold her first shoe in December 2009 .
She hired a shoe designer through Craigslist , consulted a PR agency and web designers , investigated shipping and , finally , financed the project with student loans and lines of credit .
“ I knew what I wanted it to look like , and then my designer brought in her expertise on shoes and materials , ” she said .
“ I ’ve learned so many things about shoes since we started last March , from materials to quality control to bringing in a manufacturer from China . ”
Damn
Heels are made of high - quality polyurethane material with a soft , leather lining .
The flats have a two - millimeter - thick sole that is bendable and has tread .
“ I really like the sole , because you do n’t feel the pavement when you walk in those flats , ” Merolli said .
Coleman has sold more than 250 pairs of the flats .
They ’re available in her e-shop and at several salons and restaurants in Toronto , including Blo Blow Dry Bars , Madison Nails and Le Papillon on the Park .
And her business plan has won several prizes : $ 7,000 from the Ontario Partnership for Innovation and Commercialization in December , and $ 25,000 from Ryerson ’s Slaight Communications Business Plan Competition .
Coleman is confident Damn Heels will turn a profit this year .
“ I think it ’s a problem every women can relate to .
That ’s why the response has been so amazing . ”
She plans to expand the line , introducing flats in red , gold , beige and brown , and extending sales to the U.S .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Merolli wants that to happen soon .
“ More colours would be awesome and they would also make great gifts , ” Merolli said .
“ My mum keeps trying to steal my shoes , so I think I might just have to get some for her . ”
Damn
Heels come in three sizes : small ( size 5/6 ) , medium ( size 7/8 ) and large ( size 9/10 ) , and retail for $ 20 .
www.damnheels.com
No sooner had the above cartoon been published than complaints from offended readers began to reach the offices of The Rebel Yell , student newspaper of the University of Nevada in Las Vegas .
It was early - 1997 , not long after a controversial decision by the school board of Oakland to recognise Ebonics as a primary language had kick - started a national debate , and editorial cartoonist Alex Raffi had clearly hit a raw nerve with his irony - steeped piece .
Multiple allegations of racism provoked the newspaper ’s staff to publicly back him , whilst Raffi himself drew another cartoon and offered explanations to as many people as possible , but it was this letter from Pullitzer Prize - winning cartoonist Berkeley Breathed in response to a request for guidance that provided the advice needed .
Says Raffi :
Amazingly he offered me his advice .
I learned a lesson early on that doing this kind of work is a privilege .
You better be clear on what you mean .
I still believe in the point of the cartoon but I executed it very poorly .
Transcript follows .
Huge thanks to Alex Raffi for his permission to feature the letter .
Transcript
BERKELEY BREATHED June 3 , 1997 Alex , Welcome to Editorial Cartooning .
Having fun yet ?
At your age and position , I went through an eerily similar situation .
The offended were Hispanics at the University of Texas .
They wanted my internal organs on a platter .
My reaction was the same as yours : respond with a cartoon about everybody being so damned over - sensitive .
But … and this is a big one .
But , I am now embarrassed looking back at the cartoon I had defended so defiantly before .
I could have made the same point without pushing the delicate buttons .
These skills I would learn in the following years … to a degree .
Offending folks is a dandy pastime .
It ’s our job , in a way .
But an offense that comes from misinterpretation is vulnerable .
Experience will teach you how to do so with minimal reader confusion … the Achille ’s heel of cartoonists .
Offend with the cutting clarity of an idea well - expressed … and defend it to the death .
Finally , do n’t let the editors speak for you .
That ’s not their job and they wo n’t do it as convincingly .
As a reader , I do n’t care what they say .
I ’d want to hear from you .
If your point is well taken , but you can see where confusion was caused , then apologize for the latter , defend the former and pledge to continue with unwavering resolve and more practiced skill .
By the way , I am a member of PETA , and I am cancelling my subscription to the Rebel Yell due to the speciest nature of your other enclosed cartoon .
Go get ’em .
( Signed , ‘ Berkeley Breathed ’ )
Imagine living in a Tesco house , sending your child to a Tesco school , swimming in a Tesco pool and , of course , shopping at the local Tesco superstore .
According to the Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment ( Cabe ) , the government 's adviser on architecture and design , this collective monopoly is not an imaginary dystopia .
" Tesco Towns " on this model are already being planned across the UK , from Inverness in Scotland to Seaton in Devon .
While the economic downturn has hit many parts of the development industry hard , Tesco recorded profits of nearly £ 3.4 bn last year .
Its plans for expansion are reflected by a growing tide of what are described as " supermarket - led mixed - use development proposals " – entire districts of homes , schools and public places built by the company .
Cabe is aware of plans for 3,656 new Tesco homes , an increase of 1,300 % on the 283 homes built by the supermarket giant between 1996 and 2009 .
This huge rise – which represents only nine new schemes – is a fraction of the total planned , as Cabe does not see every scheme .
Indeed ,
Tesco recently announced it aims to ramp up its superstore expansion by 40 % , largely as a result of the mixed - use development .
Yet when house building is at its lowest level since 1923 , more than 4.5 million people are on waiting lists for social housing and the number of families in temporary accommodation are up by a third in the last decade , should n't we welcome anyone building new homes , especially when a percentage will be earmarked as affordable housing ?
Sir John Sorrell , the outgoing chair of Cabe , however , questions the quality of the proposed developments .
" Retailers do n't just want to build a new supermarket nowadays .
They want to redevelop town centres , with housing and shopping streets , " he warned in his valedictory speech at the end of last year .
" Our concern is not only the quality of this kind of development – which is generally very poor – but the way in which architecture and places are created in the image of the retailer . "
In Bromley - by - Bow , east London , a Tesco superstore , shops , primary school and hundreds of homes are planned .
In Trafford , Manchester , a 168,000 sq ft Tesco will dominate a 50 - acre site .
Love Lane , Woolwich , and the Streatham Hub development , both in south London , and Queen 's Square in West Bromwich are all home to similar proposed Tesco developments that are in partnership with the local authority .
And in Seaton , a small seaside town in east Devon , a superstore , hundreds of homes and a hotel recently received planning permission .
Sandra Semple , the mayor of Seaton , is one of eight independent councillors elected on a platform opposing the proposals .
Seaton , she says , is a traditional seaside town of 7,500 people on a World Heritage coast .
" It 's an old - fashioned town on a gorgeous bay , with nothing but individual shops , and no chainstores .
Every other store is an individual trader , " she says .
She points out that there are already 15 Tescos within 25 miles of Seaton , and says : " The town has always been against this , but the Tory - run district council completely refused to hear our arguments and says Tesco is the only company capable of regenerating our town .
This will be an entire place .
It 's about 20 hectares – an enormous piece of land .
" This town has been sold to Tesco .
We are not at the moment a ' Tesco Town ' , but this will make us one .
We 've lost our individuality , our identity – the very things that make this place special . "
The irony is that there is little evidence that the superstores themselves want to create entire communities .
Instead , policy is pushing them in that direction , with local authorities prepared to grant permission for superstores they may have previously refused , as long as they are accompanied by the sweetener of housing , schools and sports facilities , which the councils do n't have the funds to provide .
This is what happened in Trafford in March , when a 168,000 sq ft store and accompanying development was granted planning permission , although an application for an 89,000 sq ft store on the same site was refused in 2006 .
The difference is that this time the redevelopment of Lancashire county cricket club is part of the scheme .
Friends of the Earth says the council 's desire to develop the cricket ground " has been used as an excuse to back a superstore development which would otherwise be ruled out for its unacceptable negative impact " .
It 's a similar story in St Helens , Merseyside , where Tesco is building a stadium for St Helens rugby league club , but the new superstore and massive car park will dominate , relegating the stadium to round the back of the site .
Cabe has attacked Tesco 's plans , in partnership with the Thames Gateway Development Corporation , for a new district centre , including hundreds of homes and a school , in Bromley - by - Bow , pointing out that the housing overlooks either the motorway or the superstore , and that Tesco lorries heading for the servicing entrance would cut across the children 's route to the primary school .
In this instance , Tesco has gone back to the drawing board , but Cabe is critical that a new district centre should be created on the site at all .
Hans van der Heijden , a Dutch architect who also works in Britain , explains why : " It is slightly absurd to make private enterprises responsible for things that are , in the end , public .
The interesting comparison is with other private enterprises that created places such as the garden cities , but in those instances there was an element of charity at work related to some form of emancipation and public interest .
That seems to be absent here .
It 's a money machine . "
How has this absurd approach to development – an anathema in mainland Europe – been allowed to take root ?
One reason is the bartering culture that developed between councils and developers as a result of the introduction of " planning gain " – or section 106 , as it is known – by the Conservatives in the early 1990s .
Since then , it has been customary for local authorities to negotiate with developers over the amount of community infrastructure they are willing to provide to accompany a development , including affordable housing , new roads and sports facilities .
For supermarkets wishing to build very large stores in towns and cities , offering such infrastructure , including schools , has seemed like a natural extension of this policy .
Another key factor is changes to planning policy made in 2004 , when the benchmark test that a new development should be in line with " public benefit " was quietly dropped in favour of " economic benefit " .
The Conservatives have voiced unease about Tesco Towns .
Bob Neill , shadow minister for local government and planning , says : " I am concerned that the rise of so - called supermarket towns will lead to developments where small retailers have no place or face uncompetitive rents .
Planning rules must be amended to allow councils to take into account the benefits of greater competition and the need to protect small business . "
The party has pledged to introduce greater local participation in planning through its " open source " proposals if it wins tomorrow 's general election .
But Neil Sinden , director of policy at the Campaign to Protect Rural England , says the aspiration to return planning decisions to the local level is in contrast to the opening section of the Conservative manifesto , which emphasises that the planning system is a barrier to economic development .
With the Tory planning proposals also including financial incentives for councils to provide more housing and development , Sinden believes they are unlikely to halt the onward march of Tesco Towns .
It is possible that Liberal Democrat plans for a third - party right of appeal for local interest groups would support struggles in places such as Seaton , but the detail is unavailable , while Labour is wholly behind the current approach , confirming that it allows councils to generate growth .
Sinden fears that , whatever the outcome of the election , Tesco Towns are the face of future urban development : " I do n't see this going away .
It 's not featuring in any of the parties ' thinking when it comes to reform of the planning system . "
What strikes him is that although there is " huge public engagement " , in policy terms " it 's an issue which at the moment is being swept under the carpet " .
Semple , who challenged the local authority head on , felt that every effort was made to muzzle her .
" A regeneration board was set up , and I was one of the members , but I was told that my presence was no longer desired because I had the wrong attitude .
I was asked to resign . "
Tesco denies that its developments are poor quality and that the scale of development is new .
A spokesman for the company says Tesco has been providing much - needed mixed use development since 1997 in deprived areas .
" These are urban areas which have not received investment for a number of years .
We are willing to invest , and that kind of investment has to be applauded and welcomed .
We 're looking at providing more than 2,000 jobs in these areas that can benefit the community for years to come .
He adds : " Councils are very welcoming because we are bringing in jobs and investment . "
• Anna Minton is the author of Ground Control : Fear and Happiness in the Twenty - first - century City , published by Penguin , £ 9.99 .
To order a copy for £ 8.99 , including UK mainland p&p , go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
Efforts to Suppress the Flow of Oil
Since a fire engulfed the Deepwater horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico on April 20 , engineers have attempted a number of techniques to slow or stop the torrent of oil leaking from the wellhead 5,000 feet below the surface .
Sep. 21 The Bottom Kill
The federal government has finally declared the Macondo well dead after nearly five months of failed attempts and semi-successes by BP engineers to permanently plug the leaking well in the Gulf of Mexico .
Aug. 14 Making progress on the relief well BP engineers continue developing a more specific plan on how to complete the bottom kill with minimal risk .
When engineers pumped cement into the Macondo well 's metal casing pipe during the static kill last month , it is possible that cement also entered the annulus , the space between the pipe and the bore hole .
Aug .
3 The Static Kill Engineers successfully pump mud through a valve on the blowout preventer and into the existing well ’s metal casing pipe in a procedure similar to the failed top kill .
They are able to pump mud slower and at lower pressure because a new cap atop the well has stemmed the flow of oil .
Mud forces the oil and gas back down into the reservoir .
Cement is also pumped in to seal the well .
July 15 Testing to See if the Well Is Intact A new capping assembly stops the flow of oil for the first time .
Engineers begin monitoring pressure in the well to determine its integrity .
July 12 Adding More Capacity
After days of delays due to weather , the Helix Producer , a production vessel on the surface , begins collecting oil .
BP officials say that they eventually expect to have a total of four vessels on site to collect and process oil and gas .
The Q4000 will be replaced by another vessel , Toisa Pisces , which will be connected to one of two floating risers that can be disconnected in the event of a hurricane .
July 10A Better Cap BP replaces the cap put in place on June 3 with a tighter one that could potentially stop the flow of oil from the well .
The new cap has some of the same types of components as the blowout preventer .
June 16 Capturing More Oil
A second containment system begins siphoning oil and gas from the leaking well .
BP estimates the system will carry 5,000 to 10,000 barrels a day to the surface , supplementing the roughly 15,000 barrels collected daily by a containment cap on top of the blowout preventer .
Using equipment originally put in place to inject heavy drilling mud during the failed top kill procedure last month , the new system extracts oil and gas directly from the blowout preventer , passes it through a manifold on the seafloor and pipes it up to the Q4000 surface vessel .
The Q4000 has no storage capacity and burns the oil and gas .
June 3 Beginning to Capture Some Oil A cap is placed over the top of the blowout preventer to funnel oil and gas to a surface ship .
Methanol is pumped into the cap to prevent the formation of icy hydrates that could block the mile - long pipe rising from the cap .
Oil continues to billow from under the lip and through four open vents on top of the device .
Engineers are unable to close all the vents as originally planned .
May 31 Another Attempt to Cap the Well Engineers position submarine robots to shear the collapsed riser pipe so that a domeline cap could be placed over the blowout preventer to funnel some of the leaking oil to a tanker on the surface .
The new riser pipe has a 6.625 - inch internal pipe to capture leaking oil and gas .
Methanol and warm seawater is pumped down the riser to insulate the smaller pipe and prevent the formation of ice crystals , which caused the earlier containment dome to fail .
May 26
The Top Kill and Junk Shot
In a procedure called the top kill , engineers pump heavy drilling mud into the well with hopes that the weight of the fluid overcomes the pressure of the rising oil .
In another technique called the junk shot , objects including golf balls and pieces of rubber are injected into the blowout preventer .
Both techniques fail to plug the leak .
May 16ATTACHING A TUBE After two false starts , BP engineers successfully insert a mile - long tube into the broken riser pipe to divert some of the oil to a drill ship on the surface .
Over nine days , the tube siphons off about 22,000 barrels of oil , which is just a fraction of the total spill .
May 7LOWERING A CONTAINMENT DOME
Workers lower a four - story steel box over the larger leak .
But when crews discover that the dome ’s opening is becoming clogged with an icy mix of gas and water , it is set aside on the seabed .
May 2DRILLING RELIEF WELLS BP begins drilling the first of two relief wells that may later be used to inject mud and cement into the existing well .
April 30CHEMICAL DISPERSANTS
Crews inject chemical dispersant into the oil as it flows from the main leak underwater .
The dispersant , conventionally used on the water surface , is intended to break the oil into small droplets , reducing its buoyancy .
The full impact of chemical dispersants on the underwater ecology is unknown .
The E.P.A. later orders BP to change to a less toxic chemical than originally used .
This is an advertisement .
The information you obtain on this website is not , nor is it intended to be , legal advice .
You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation .
We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls , letters and electronic mail .
Contacting us does not create an attorney - client relationship .
Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney - client relationship has been established .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. -- Authorities at Pittsburgh International Airport filed an incident report after New York Jets wide receiver Santonio Holmes failed to follow flight regulations by not turning off his iPod as the plane he was on was landing .
Jets spokesman Bruce Speight said Friday that the team was told Holmes was flying from Newark Liberty International Airport to Pittsburgh on Thursday night when the incident took place .
" On Thursday April 29 , 2010 at 21:00 hours , aircom requested officers to gate D - 77 for a report of an incident aboard the aircraft no other information was available , " the report states .
" Myself and Officer [ redacted ] arrived and spoke to flight attendant [ redacted ] of Colgan Air who stated that a passenger would n't turn off his ipod when requested to do so and requested officers to speak to him . "
The report identifies the passenger as Holmes , who was " advised that all instructions from the frlight crew must be adhered to during flights , " the report continues .
A TSA regulatory agent was " unavailable and determined to be unnecessary for this matter , " the report states .
When Holmes said he understood the regulations , authorities deemed the matter resolved .
He was not charged .
Earlier reports from two Pittsburgh - area television stations had said Holmes was escorted off the plane after being " disruptive . "
The report does not mention any disruptive behavior .
Speight said the report was filed with the Allegheny County Police Department after Holmes ' flight landed .
Jets officials said Friday they are looking into the incident , but have not yet spoken with Holmes , who was en route to Las Vegas for the Floyd Mayweather - Shane Mosley fight .
" I know what has been told to me and it kind of got blown out of proportion it sounds like in some of the media outlets and things , " said coach Rex Ryan , who addressed reporters during the team 's rookie minicamp .
Ryan said he was not happy to have to stand at a podium and address questions about this incident .
" I mean , OK , let 's face it , he should turn off his iPod , " he said .
" That 's what he should do .
He should do that .
I have n't had a chance to talk to Santonio , but he certainly should do that . "
The troubled but talented Holmes was traded by the Steelers to the Jets on April 11 for a fifth - round draft pick .
Last week , he acknowledged taking missteps during his four - season Steelers career , but said in a message on his website he is looking forward to a " clean start " with his new team .
Ryan said he has been happy with Holmes so far , complimenting his work in classroom sessions and the weight room .
" Thanks for the support but some people just want to make their name blow up ! "
Holmes said on his Twitter page Friday afternoon .
" Well congratulations ! "
Holmes wo n't make his Jets regular - season debut until Week 5 of the regular season after the NFL suspended him without pay for the first four games for violating the league 's substance abuse policy .
The 2009 Super Bowl MVP was held out for one game by the Steelers in 2008 after police said they detected marijuana in his car .
He was recently sued by a woman in Florida , who said he threw a glass at her in a nightclub -- a witness has since taken responsibility for that .
Holmes was also involved in a domestic violence incident in 2006 ; the misdemeanor charges were later dismissed .
He was recently accused of telling a fan to " kill urself " on his Twitter page , but implied that his account was hacked .
Holmes is coming off his best season , with 79 catches for 1,248 yards and five touchdowns , but his troubles off the field could explain the relatively low price the Jets paid to get him .
Information from The Associated Press and ESPNNewYork.com 's Rich Cimini and Jane McManus was used in this report .
Dr. Maria Schmidt , a great - great - great - granddaughter of Veronica Mendel and a member of the family company , said that Father Clemens had recently changed his mind about the ownership of the manuscript after the head of the Augustinians in southern Germany and Austria , Father Dominic of Vienna , demanded that the manuscript be given to the order .
“ There was tremendous pressure on Clemens , ” Dr. Schmidt said .
“ They said they would kick him out of the cloister .
My father ’s cousin is 77 and has no property .
He would have lost his car and apartment . ”
Father Dominic said in an interview that the manuscript had been given to Father Clemens so that “ he should take care of it as an Augustinian  it has nothing to do with the Mendel family . ”
The manuscript did not belong to the Brünn Natural History Society , he said , but rather would have been returned to Mendel by the printer along with the first proof , as was then customary , and has been the property of the Augustinians ever since .
Image
Father Clemens began to change his story about the ownership of the manuscript , suggesting it really belonged to the Augustinians , said William Taeusch , Dr. Schmidt ’s husband .
“ He started to say to the family , ‘ Are n’t they the rightful owners ? ’
The family says , ‘ What ’s going on , for God ’s sake ?
If you were given it and were told it was the Augustinians ’ property , why did you keep it for yourself for 11 years and then sign a bogus contract giving it to the family ? ’ ”
At a small meeting of the family company on May 9 , which several members including Dr. Schmidt could not attend , three members decided to take pity on Father Clemens ’s predicament .
They took the manuscript from the safe and drove it to Father Clemens in Stuttgart .
Father Clemens told Father Dominic that he could fly in from Vienna and collect it on May 11 .
Mr. Taeusch said that he called the German cultural authorities to warn them the manuscript was about to be taken out of the country .
He said that the Augustinians then deposited the manuscript with their lawyers , the firm Wahlert in Stuttgart , where it is to remain while ownership is determined .
Marion Jung , a press officer at the Ministry for Science , Research and Culture of the state of Baden - Württemberg in Germany , confirmed that the ministry was looking into the case and would decide if the manuscript was authentic and if it should be put on a list of cultural treasures that are not allowed to leave the state .
Most people know that being a cyclist in Miami is n't the healthiest choice you can make .
But now there is video proof .
A Youtube video has surfaced which allegedly shows an incident in January where a Miami - Dade transit bus mows down a cyclist on Biscayne Boulevard .
The footage comes from the on board camera on the bus .
Watch the video here .
Cyclist Pier Raccuglia is suing the county over the accident , claiming the bus driver tried to run him off the road .
He suffered a broken foot in the accident .
" It was pain like you 've never felt , " Raccuglia told the New Times .
" What pissed me off -- pardon my French -- is that the driver did n't get out of the bus to help me .
And she never apologized . "
In the video , the unnamed bus driver sounds less than concerned for the cyclist 's well - being after she hits him .
" He came into this bus .
I did n't hit him .
He did that sh-- on purpose , " the driver is overheard telling concerned passengers on the bus .
" He was looking for an accident .
He is OK .
I 'm not nervous and I 'm not scared . "
Earlier in the video , the bus driver honks at the cyclist after the both make a left turn .
They travel in the same direction for a few blocks before the bus sends Raccuglia into the gutter .
There were , in hindsight , plenty of reasons for the admissions office at Harvard to be suspicious of Adam Wheeler .
When Mr. Wheeler , now 23 , applied as a transfer student in 2007 , for example , he sent along fabricated transcripts from Phillips Academy and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
In fact , he had graduated from a public high school in Delaware and had attended Bowdoin College , in Maine .
One tipoff could have been that M.I.T. does not give letter grades in the fall semester of freshman year , like the straight A’s that appeared on the grade report that Mr. Wheeler submitted .
And the names of the four M.I.T. professors who wrote his glowing recommendations ?
The letters were fakes .
And while the professors were real , each teaches at Bowdoin .
In the end , it was Mr. Wheeler ’s parents who intervened and brought an end to his adventure in fabrication .
Britain's biggest insurer imposes ' ash tax ' on travellers
Britain's biggest insurer is to impose an ' ash tax ' on travellers who fear their holidays may be cancelled .
Just a week before thousands of families jet off on breaks during the school half - term , Aviva has become the first firm to impose the levy .
Other big insurance companies are set to follow suit .
Passengers queue at Heathrow 's Terminal 5 this week as volcanic ash continues to cause disruptions .
Aviva has imposed an ' ash levy ' on passengers who fear their holidays may be at risk
The new add - on policy could cost a typical family an extra £ 40 .
More than 150,000 Britons were stranded overseas in April after UK and many European airports were closed for six consecutive days following eruptions from a volcano in Iceland and the dense plume of ash cloud that spread as a result .
Many travellers incurred additional accommodation and transport bills totalling thousands of pounds , but they returned home to find that insurers and airlines refused to pay back costs .
Rochelle Turner , head of research for Which ?
Travel , said : ' Travel insurers have not come out of this situation very well , people feel let down by them .
From now on travellers that want an assurance that their holiday will be protected from the disruption are going to have to pay extra for that .'
After the first closure of airports a handful offered to make a goodwill gesture to stranded travellers .
Many have since made a u-turn on this policy .
Anyone who has booked a holiday since April 15 has been told they will definitely not be be able to claim for delays or cancellations .
This is because insurers now deem the ash cloud a ' known event ' .
As a result travellers book holidays at their own risk .
And from July 1 Aviva has said it will not make any more goodwill payments to travellers .
Continuing threat : Iceland 's Eyjafjallajokull is again threatening to cause havoc for holidaymakers
Earlier this week airports across Britain were closed again as the volcanic ash cloud once again encroached on airspace .
Lee Griffin , business development director at financial website GoCompare.com , said : ' Consumers may consider the extra cost to be a bit of an ash tax on this year ’s holiday which is well worth paying for the extra peace of mind it brings .
' Travel insurers have been reviewing their wordings and others may well join Aviva in bringing out similar add on policies to cater for this unusual situation . '
The Aviva policy was revealed just 24 hours after new rules proposed tougher tests on whether flights could be grounded by ash .
The insurance , which is valid from June 1 , costs £ 5 extra per person on a single trip policy , and £ 10 per person for an annual trip policy .
It will pay out up to £ 5,000 per person for travel and accommodation if a trip is cancelled because an airport is closed for 24 hours from the time of departure .
Those stranded overseas will be able to claim up to £ 100 a day for a hotel room and expenses - up to a total of £ 1,500 .
Or they can claim £ 1,000 for additional travel expenses .
Aviva travel manager Jerry Finch said : ' The risk of air space closure due to volcanic ash continues to loom large , and may be a risk faced by travellers for the foreseeable future .
' However , this was an event that most travel insurers did not cover – and therefore was never factored into the travel insurance premium .
' Aviva took the proactive decision to offer cover for both customers going on holiday or travelling home .
We worked hard to develop this cover quickly to provide specific cover for what was previously an uninsured event .
' This is in direct response to what our customers and the public said they wanted : reasonably priced cover that would allow them to make travel arrangements full in the knowledge that should they get stuck abroad , or find that they could not leave the UK , there would be a clear and easy route to compensation . '
A spokesman for Aviva added : ' People can buy add on cover for golf equipment , or for other sports , now we are offering them cover for the ash cloud .
You might not want it if you are just going on holiday in the UK or somewhere by ferry but definitely if you are flying you might think it was something that is useful if they were flying and were worried their holiday might be disrupted . '
A Powerful New Equestrian Spectacular : Cavalia Performed under the largest tent in North America , Cirque du Soleil founder Normand Latourelle 's Cavalia equestrian show continues his legacy of combining age - old circus traditions with 21st Century production values and a flair for the fantastic — and fans of all ages will find something to love in this must - see spectacular !
Great tickets are available for every 2020 performance , so make sure you 're there " Under the White Big Top " to experience this celebration of the bond between man and horse , live and in person .
Check out the performance calendar below to learn more about this incredible show , and get your Cavalia Tickets today !
We do not have any events listed for Cavalia Tickets at this time .
Check with official websites , ticket sources or venues for the latest updates .
Una imagen en la web muestra al personaje de caricaturas con un ojo morado por ' resistirse al arresto al cruzar la frontera de forma ilegal '
�MEXICANA ?
Representantes de Nickelodeon rechazaron comentar sobre los antecedentes de Dora , y su lugar de nacimiento y ciudadan �a nunca han estado claros .
( Foto : Archivo ELUNIVERSAL )
CHICAGO | Viernes 21 de mayo de 2010
AP | El Universal
09:25
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Imagine a group of angry demonstrators toting swastika - festooned protest signs calling politicians Nazis , shouting obscenities and racial remarks and throwing rocks and bottles at police officers sent to keep order .
No , these are not Tea Partiers .
They are the mob that turned out last week to protest Arizona ’s new immigration - enforcement law .
This group of liberal rowdies has been dubbed the Tequila Party .
For the most part , liberal media coverage overlooked all the leftist violence .
Typical headlines described the protest as “ mostly peaceful , ” with media outlets avoiding details about why they had to use the qualifier “ mostly . ”
Reporting a near - riot by the opponents of the Arizona law does n’t fit the dominant media storyline .
Some of the editorial bias is blatant .
An Associated Press story about the Arizona immigration law quoted a 13 - year - old Hispanic boy saying , “ We ca n’t be in the streets anymore without the pigs thinking we ’re illegal immigrants . ”
The Washington Post sanitized the boy ’s views towards law enforcement by replacing the word “ pigs ” with “ [ police ] . ”
If a Tea Partier used a slur of any kind , it ’s doubtful it would be given the square - bracket treatment .
It would probably be a banner headline .
The assumption that Tea Partiers are hate - filled bullies explains why major media outlets rushed out reports that demonstrators in Washington opposing the government health care takeover subjected black members of Congress to racial slurs and spat on them .
The accusations were never proved , and substantial video evidence and eyewitness accounts suggest the events never happened .
There was no press coverage , however , when supporters of illegal immigration used physical intimidation tactics and made threats of violence against demonstrators on the National Mall the same day .
At a Tea Party rally in Searchlight , Nev. , on March 27 , supporters of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid threw eggs at buses carrying attendees and later harassed and threatened some of them .
The limited - government advocates at FreedomWorks have begun publicizing the hateful e-mail and voice messages they have received , as well as documenting other examples of angry leftist violence , intimidation and extremism .
The most press coverage on this effort to expose hateful liberal extremism came when voice - over actor Lance Baxter stupidly left a voice mail asking for “ the percentage of people that are mentally retarded who are working for FreedomWorks . ”
As a result , he lost a high - profile gig with Geico insurance .
Mr. Baxter ’s crime was his politically incorrect use of the word “ retarded . ”
If he had inquired about the percentage of illiterate , fascist , tea - bagging racists at FreedomWorks , we suspect he would have been given a pass , and probably some kind of award .
Negative views like this are part of the embedded narrative of Tea Party coverage .
But the storyline suffered a tectonic shift when an April 12 CBS News / New York Times poll of self - identified Tea Partiers found that they were not illiterate rednecks , but tend to be older , better educated , higher income , married people .
They make up 18 percent of the population , compared with 20 percent who self - identified as somewhat or very liberal .
The Tea Partiers do not incite violence ; they are salt - of - the - earth middle Americans who are desperately worried about the misguided policies and wrongheaded vision being promoted by President Obama and his congressional allies .
Contrast them with the younger , less educated , lower income , angry , racially motivated mob that turned out in Phoenix .
The Tequila Party and gangsters like them represent the core and the pride of the liberal base .
If an angry , shouting mob throwing bottles at police is the face of contemporary liberalism , it ’s no wonder Americans are turning against them in droves .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Tony Hsieh is the CEO of Zappos.com , Inc .
During the past 10 years , the company has grown from almost no sales to more than $ 1 billion in annual gross merchandise sales , driven primarily by repeat customers and word of mouth .
Below is an excerpt from Tony ’s forthcoming book that describes the beginning of Zappos .
Nick [ Zappos ’ original founder ] summarized his entire pitch in three sentences : “ Footwear is a $ 40 billion industry in the United States , of which catalog sales make up $ 2 billion .
It is likely that e-commerce will continue to grow .
And it is likely that people will continue to wear shoes in the foreseeable future . ”
A few weeks later , Nick contacted us and said that he wanted to set up a lunch meeting .
He ’d found someone named Fred who worked in the men ’s shoe department at Nordstrom and was interested in joining the company , but only if the company got funding beyond the small friends - and - family round that Nick had already raised .
Nick also asked me what I thought of “ Zapos ” as the name of for the company , derived from zapatos , which was the Spanish word for “ shoes . ”
I told him that he should add another p to it so that people would n’t mispronounce it and accidentally say ZAY - pos .
And thus , the name Zappos was born .
A few days later , Alfred [ Zappos ’ current CFO and COO ] and I met with Nick and Fred at Mel ’s , a 1950s - themed diner a block away from where we lived .
As we talked about the potential of Zappos , I did my best to not let the fact that Fred was a spitting image of Nicolas Cage distract me from the business conversation .
Fred was thirty - three years old , tall , and really did look like he could be Nicolas Cage ’s stunt double .
I ordered the turkey melt , with a side of chicken noodle soup to dip the sandwich in .
Fred ordered a turkey burger .
Exactly 10 years later , Fred and I would return to Mel ’s and order the same thing to celebrate our ten - year meeting - versary together .
Nick talked about the progress that the website had made over the past few weeks .
They were already getting $ 2,000 worth of orders a week , and the numbers were growing .
They were n’t making any money , because anytime an order was placed , Nick would run to the local shoe store , buy the item , and then ship it out to the customer .
Nick wanted to put up the website just to prove that people would actually be willing to buy shoes online .
There were literally thousands of different brands in the footwear industry .
The real business idea was to eventually form partnerships with hundreds of brands , and have each of the brands provide Zappos with an inventory feed of what was in each of their warehouses .
Zappos would take orders from customers on the Internet , then transmit the order to the manufacturer of each brand , which would then ship directly to the Zappos customer .
This was known as a “ drop ship ” relationship , and although it already existed in many other industries , drop shipping had never been done before in the footwear industry .
Nick and Fred were betting that they would be able to convince the brands at the next shoe show to start drop shipping , and then Zappos would not have to own any inventory or worry about running a warehouse .
Fred told us that he ’d climbed the corporate ladder at Nordstrom for eight years , just bought a house , and just had his first kid .
He knew that joining Zappos would be a big risk , but he was ready to take a leap of faith if Venture Frogs would provide the seed funding for the company .
Alfred and I looked at each other .
Nick and Fred were exactly the type of people we were looking to invest in .
We did n’t know if the shoe idea would work or not , but they were clearly passionate and willing to place big bets , so we were willing to bet on them too .
A week after our seed investment , Fred quit his job at Nordstrom .
He was officially a Zappos employee now .
He and Nick headed to the shoe show in Las Vegas the very next day .
“ Delivering Happiness : A Path to Profits , Passion , and Purpose ” is Tony Hsieh ’s first book , and will be released on June 7 , 2010 .
The book can be pre-ordered on Amazon .
For more information about the book , visit : http://www.deliveringhappinessbook.com.
The US District Court of California has issued a permanent injunction against the BitTorrent search engine isoHunt , forcing it to shut down in the United States .
IsoHunt is expected to block all access to US visitors in response to the decision , but no action has been taken thus far .
Early 2006 , the MPAA issued a complaint against isoHunt and its sister site TorrentBox , claiming that owner Gary Fung operated file - sharing services and profited from copyright infringement .
The case went on in the years that followed and two months ago the US District Court of California proposed a permanent injunction that would require isoHunt to maintain a list of banned keywords and remove torrents that match items found on it .
This injunction has now become final , meaning that the site has to start filtering or close down in the US .
IsoHunt owner Gary Fung earlier told TorrentFreak that he has no faith in a filtering mechanism either .
He said that such a measure “ raises serious issues on the balance between freedom of speech , fair use and copyright protectionism , ” as it would also filter out many torrent files that are in the public domain , or distributed with the consent of copyright holders .
Last month is
oHunt chose to redirect all United States visitors to a Lite version of its website in a final attempt to prevent the search engine from having to close , but this was not enough according to the Court .
The verdict does not necessarily mean that isoHunt will be unavailable in other parts of the world .
Gary Fung earlier told TorrentFreak that the ultimate measure would be to block access to visitors from the United States , which would also be sufficient to comply with the Court ’s demands .
IsoHunt is not the first torrent site that has been put out of business in the United States by the MPAA .
In the summer of 2007 a federal judge ruled that TorrentSpy had to monitor its users in order to create detailed logs of their activities and these were to be handed over to the MPAA .
In a response to this decision , TorrentSpy decided to block access to all US visitors instead which led to a huge drop in traffic .
In 2008 TorrentSpy , once the largest torrent site on the Internet , closed its doors for good after it was ordered to pay a 110 million dollar fine .
Fung has to comply with the temporary injunction withing a day .
The permanent injunction also holds for is oHunt ’s sister sites TorrentBox , Podtropolis and Ed2k - it .
Last week , a Columbia , Missouri , drug raid captured on video went viral .
As of this morning , the video had garnered 950,000 views on YouTube .
It has lit up message boards , blogs , and discussion groups around the Web , unleashing anger , resentment and even , regrettably , calls for violence against the police officers who conducted the raid .
I 've been writing about and researching these raids for about five years , including raids that claimed the lives of innocent children , grandmothers , college students , and bystanders .
Innocent families have been terrorized by cops who raided on bad information , or who raided the wrong home due to some careless mistake .
There 's never been a reaction like this one .
But despite all the anger the raid has inspired , the only thing unusual thing here is that the raid was captured on video , and that the video was subsequently released to the press .
Everything else was routine .
Save for the outrage coming from Columbia residents themselves , therefore , the mass anger directed at the Columbia Police Department over the last week is misdirected .
Raids just like the one captured in the video happen 100 - 150 times every day in America .
Those angered by that video should probably look to their own communities .
Odds are pretty good that your local police department is doing the same thing .
First , some background on the raid depicted in the video : On February 11 , the Columbia , Missouri , police department 's SWAT team served a drug warrant at the home of Jonathan Whitworth and Brittany Montgomery .
Police say that eight days earlier they had received a tip from a confidential informant that Whitworth had a large supply of marijuana in his home .
They say they first conducted a trash pull , and found marijuana residue in the family 's garbage .
During the raid , police shot and killed the family 's pit bull .
At least one bullet ricocheted , injuring the family 's pet corgi .
Whitworth , Montgomery , and their 7 - year - old son were at home at the time .
The incident was written up in the Columbia Daily Tribune , noted on a few blogs that cover drug policy ( including a post I put up here at Reason ) , and then largely forgotten for several weeks .
On April 28 , I received an email from Montgomery .
She had seen my post at Reason and read an account of some of my reporting on SWAT teams published in Reader 's Digest .
She said she was reading to her son in his bedroom at the time of the raid .
Her husband had just returned home from work .
Police fired on their pets within seconds of entering the home .
" I 've never felt so violated or more victimized in my life , " Montgomery wrote .
" It 's absolutely the most helpless and hopeless feeling I could ever imagine .
I can't sleep right … and I am constantly paranoid .
It 's a horrible feeling … to lose the safety and security I thought I was entitled to in my own home .
Nobody protected us that night , my son and I were locked in the back of a police car for nearly four hours on a school night while they destroyed my home . "
According to Montgomery , when the couple 's neighbors inquired about the raid , they were told that the SWAT team had merely conducted a drill , and no shots were fired .
When neighbors learned from the family that this was a lie , they began writing to the department and the Daily Tribune to demand answers .
When the couple discovered the police had videotaped the raid , they requested a copy of the video .
Montgomery said in her email that the copy they were initially given had no audio , and the incriminating ( to the police ) portions of the video had been removed .
On February 23 , the Daily Tribune published its first story on the raid .
The paper made its own request for the SWAT video , which the police department initially denied .
On April 20 , Jonathan Whitworth pleaded guilty to a single charge of possession of drug paraphernalia .
He was n't even charged for the minor amount of marijuana in his home ( marijuana for personal use has been decriminalized in Columbia ) .
He was issued a $ 300 fine .
On April 27 , the Daily Tribune made a formal request for the video , which it received on April 30 , with full audio and with no visuals removed .
The paper posted the video with an accompanying article on May 3 .
On May 5 , I posted it here at Reason , and the video went viral .
The police department has since conceded it was unaware that there were pets or a child in the home at the time of the raid .
A spokesman for the Columbia Police Department initially said police had to conduct the raid immediately before the drug supply could be moved , a statement later shown to be false when police revealed the raid was conducted more than a week after the initial tip .
According to surveys of police departments conducted by University of Eastern Kentucky criminologist Peter Kraska , we 've seen about a 1,500 percent increase in SWAT deployments in this country since the early 1980s .
The vast majority of that increase has been to serve search warrants on people suspected of nonviolent drug crimes .
SWAT teams are inherently violent .
In some ways they 're an infliction of punishment before conviction .
This is why they should only be used in situations where the suspect presents an immediate threat to others .
In that case , SWAT teams use violence to defuse an already violent situation .
When they 're used to serve drug warrants for consensual crimes , however , SWAT tactics create violence where no violence was present before .
Even when everything goes right in such a raid , breaking into the home of someone merely suspected of a nonviolent , consensual crime is an inappropriate use of force in a free society .
The overwhelmingly negative reaction to the video is interesting .
Clearly , a very large majority of the people who have seen it are disturbed by it .
But this has been going on for 30 years .
We 've reached the point where police have no qualms about a using heavily armed police force trained in military tactics to serve a search warrant on a suspected nonviolent marijuana offender .
And we did n't get here by accident .
The war on drugs has been escalating and militarizing for a generation .
What 's most disturbing about that video is n't the violence depicted in it , but that such violence has become routine .
As horrifying as the video from Columbia , Missouri , is , no human beings were killed .
The police got the correct address , and they found the man they were looking for .
In many other cases , such raids transpire based on little more than a tip from an anonymous or confidential informant .
Nor is it unusual for raids just as violent as the one depicted in the video to turn up little in the way of drugs or weapons .
( Whitworth was n't exactly an outstanding citizen — he had a prior drug and DWI conviction .
But he had no history of violence , and there were no weapons in the home . )
Surveys conducted by newspapers around the country after one of these raids goes bad have found that police only find weapons of any kind somewhere between 10 - 20 percent of the time .
The percentage of raids that turn up a significant amount of drugs tends to vary , but a large percentage only result in misdemeanor charges at worst .
Shooting the family 's dogs is n't unusual , either .
To be fair , that 's in part because some drug dealers do in fact obtain vicious dogs to guard their supply .
But there are other , safer ways to deal with these dogs than shooting them .
In the Columbia case , a bullet fired at one dog ricocheted and struck another dog .
The bullet could just as easily have struck a person .
In the case of Tarika Wilson , a Lima , Ohio , SWAT officer mistook the sounds of a colleague shooting a drug dealer 's dogs for hostile gunfire .
He then opened fire into a bedroom , killing a 23 - year - old mother and shooting the hand off of the one - year - old child in her arms .
The Columbia raid was n't even a " no - knock " raid .
The police clearly announced themselves before entering .
The Supreme Court has ruled that police must knock and announce themselves before entering a home to serve a search warrant .
If they want to enter without knocking , they have to show specific evidence that the suspect could be dangerous or is likely to dispose of contraband if police abide by the knock - and - announce rule .
As is evident in the Columbia video , from the perspective of the people inside the home that requirement is largely ceremonial .
If you were in a backroom of that house , or asleep , it is n't at all difficult to see how you 'd have no idea if the armed men in your home were police officers .
The first sounds you heard would have been gunfire .
But because this was a knock - and - announce raid , the police did n't need to show that Whitworth had a violent background or may have had guns in the home to use the violent tactics in the video .
They did n't need to show that Whitworth posed any sort of threat at all , other than the fact he was suspected of dealing marijuana .
Though SWAT teams are frequently defended as necessary tools reserved for the most dangerous of drug offenders , the reality is that in many communities , all search warrants are served with forced entry and paramilitary tactics .
The militarization of America 's police departments has taken place over a generation , due to a number of bad policy decisions from politicians and government officials , ranging from federal grants for drug fighting to a Pentagon giveaway program that makes military equipment available to local police departments for free or at steep discounts .
Mostly , though , it 's due to the ill - considered " war " imagery our politicians continue to invoke when they refer to drug prohibition .
Repeat the mantra that we 're at war with illicit drugs often enough , and the cops on the front lines of that war will naturally begin to think of themselves as soldiers .
And that 's particularly true when you outfit them in war equipment , weaponry , and armor .
This is dangerous , because the objectives of cops and soldiers are very different .
One is charged with annihilating a foreign enemy .
The other is charged with keeping the peace .
Soon enough , our police officers begin to see drug suspects not as American citizens with constitutional rights , but as enemy combatants .
Pets , bystanders , and innocents caught in the crossfire can be dismissed as regrettable but inevitable collateral damage , just as we do with collateral damage in actual wars .
This is how we get images like those depicted in the video .
It 's heartening that nearly a million people have now seen the Columbia video .
But it needs some context .
The officers in that video are n't rogue cops .
They 're no different than other SWAT teams across the country .
The raid itself is no different from the tens of thousands of drug raids carried out each year in the U.S.
If the video is going to effect any change , the Internet anger directed at the Columbia Police Department needs to be redirected to America 's drug policy in general .
Calling for the heads of the Columbia SWAT team is n't going to stop these raids .
Calling for the heads of the politicians who defend these tactics and promote a " war on drugs " that 's become all too literal — that just might .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Greg was an intelligent , affable 17 - year - old high school senior .
Based on his test scores and achievements , he could have expected to get into a competitive college and become a successful undergraduate .
But something was wrong .
In the first term of his senior year , Greg 's grades nosedived from As to Ds and Fs . He did no school work and began skipping school .
He spent most of his waking hours ( usually noon to 4 AM ) closeted in his bedroom , wearing a headset and staring intently at a computer screen .
He rarely spoke to his parents , or anyone outside of his online friends with whom he played World of Warcraft .
Greg seemed to be failing life , but he was " the best holy paladin on his server . "
His WoW guild topped the charts on wowjutsu.com , and as a leader in the guild , he was responsible for studying YouTube videos to plan strategy for advanced raids .
Greg 's parents were frightened and appalled .
By the time they contacted me , they had canceled his WoW account , turned off the internet , and demanded that Greg get back to school .
They were shocked when he became violent , which led them to call the police , which led to a brief psychiatric hospitalization .
In order to be discharged from the hospital , Greg promised to keep away from the game , but it was n't long after his return home that he was playing again .
This left his parents with a terrible dilemma : confront his habit and risk crisis , or tolerate the loss of their son , and seemingly his future , to an online universe that they barely understood .
As a clinical psychologist , I 'd heard many tales of " internet addiction " and seen other clients who ran into troubles like Greg's .
I was impressed with their passion for gaming and surprised by the sacrifices they made to sustain it .
As I listened to these clients , I found myself wondering :
What is so compelling about these games ?
How do they end up taking over people 's lives so dramatically ?
As a middle - aged adult , I had no experience with MMOGs .
I had dabbled in more traditional videogames , but these seemed manageable diversions that soon became boring .
Clearly , WoW was something of a very different order .
Around the same time that I was talking to Greg , a colleague sent me an invite to play for free .
For ten days , I would have a chance to gain first - hand experience and insight on the game .
Having seen what Greg went through , I should have been more hesitant , but I had no concept of what it would actually feel like to play .
I naively thought that I could handle it .
In the beginning , I was a bumbling noob .
My colleague and her friends helped me along .
I picked up what I could from them , and at the end of ten days , I was having fun and figured it would be harmless to invest the money and play a little longer .
A little longer turned out to be a year .
FLOW RATE
A day after BP conceded that more oil was leaking into the Gulf of Mexico than officials previously estimated , Representative Edward J. Markey , the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and the Environment , accused BP of deceiving the public .
“ It is clear BP has been lying , ” Mr. Markey said .
“ We can not be relying on BP to be making any of these decisions , ” he said , referring to cleanup efforts .
The federal government has created a Flow Rate Technical Team to establish a more precise estimate .
Its first report is expected Saturday .
COMMISSIONERS
President Obama has tapped former Senator Bob Graham of Florida and William K. Reilly , the former administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , to lead a new bipartisan commission to figure out how to avoid another oil spill like the one in the Gulf of Mexico , officials said .
Mr. Obama plans to announce the creation of the seven - member commission in his weekly radio and Internet address on Saturday .
CAPTURING SOME OIL BP said Friday that a mile - long tube inserted into the leaking pipe had siphoned 2,200 barrels of crude oil from the leak in the 24 - hour period ending at midnight Thursday and that the method was averaging about 2,000 barrels a day .
Many experts say that is a small fraction of the total amount leaking into the gulf .
PLUGGING THE WELL BP said it planned to try a top kill , the pumping of heavy drilling mud into the well to overcome the pressure of the rising oil , as soon as Tuesday .
The method has never been attempted at such depths .
In what could be a clue to the mysterious rise of attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) in kids , researchers have linked even low levels of a common pesticide to the disruptive behavioral disease .
The study , published in the Journal of Pediatrics , looks at the organophosphate pesticide malathion , commonly used on fruits and vegetables .
( Watch an ABC report about the ADHD study . )
Here , a brief guide to the findings :
How big a problem is ADHD ?
An estimated 3 percent to 7 percent of U.S. children are believed to have ADHD , with boys much more likely to be affected .
The rate has mushroomed over the past 30 to 40 years , but it 's unclear whether the actual incidence ADHD has increased or whether the condition was underdiagnosed in the past .
What did the study find ?
The researchers looked at urine samples from 1,139 kids age 8 to 15 .
The 119 who were diagnosed with ADHD also tended to have the highest concentrations of malathion in their urine .
And it did n't take much of the pesticide to raise ADHD risk considerably .
Is it conclusive ?
No , but it is pretty suggestive .
Previous studies of specific high - risk groups — like the children of farmworkers — have shown that substantial exposure to pesticides can affect brain development .
The new research is evidence that the broader public could also be at risk .
Epidemiologist Brenda Eskenazi of the University of California - Berkeley says the new study is " interesting and provocative … because the levels of pesticide are very low . "
Pesticide manufacturers caution that more study is needed to prove a causal link from malathion to ADHD .
What can I do , as a consumer , if I 'm concerned ?
Buy organic fruits and vegetables whenever possible , especially with pesticide - heavy produce like strawberries , raspberries , and peaches .
Also , get rid of bug spray and other pesticides in your house , and pesticides you might use to maintain your lawn and garden .
What if organic produce is unavailable , or just too expensive ?
The Environmental Working Group says that , based on government data , these fruits and vegetables are relatively safe , even if not certified organic : Onions , avocados , fresh local corn ears , pineapples , mangoes , asparagus , sweet peas , kiwis , cabbage , eggplant , papaya , watermelon , broccoli , sweet potatoes , and , surprisingly , tomatoes .
Always wash produce under running water before eating it .
Sources : ABC News , LA Times , MomLogic , The Daily Green
You know the liquid oil grease that 's leftover when you fry or deepfry bacon ?
My 9 year old likes to drink it straight up .
She drinks , like , an entire cup of it every day .
But we were thinking that it might have a lot of calories , and that it would n't be good for her to drink it every day , and maybe cut it down to once or twice a week ?
She 's got problems with her weight already ( she 's technically overweight , though we do n't know why .
but we do n't make her exercise , we just try to get her to drink at least 2 glasses of water a day , you know , for her health ) , could this hurt her ?
Parabens , phthalates and other synthetic chemicals are still in use , but these days we do not hear much about them
The recent headlines about compensation payments to victims of " toxic sofa " burns have reminded me of all those stories we used to hear about brominated fire retardents and other toxic chemicals that were supposedly in many of our household items .
Why do n't we hear about these so much any more ?
Have they all now been eliminated ?
P Grenville , by email
Given that Greenpeace has led the way in campaigning against the presence of toxic chemicals in the home , particularly in the lead up to the EU 's Reach ( Registration , Evaluation , Authorisation and Restriction of Chemical substances ) regulations which came into effect in 2007 , I decided to ask it to say where it currently stands on this issue .
It put forward for comment Dr David Santillo , the senior scientist at the Greenpeace Research Laboratories at the University of Exeter , who has authored a number of reports studying the impact of such chemicals .
He said :
Toxins in the home are still a major concern , but it is not currently a major campaign focus due to climate and energy issues .
The EU 's REACH regulations are just the very beginning .
This issue is far from being solved .
REACH is really just about starting the process of gathering information about all the chemicals we use .
The hope is that REACH will usher in a new precautionary approach to chemicals in the home .
But many of the chemicals we have long been concerned about are still in use .
For example , we are still concerned about brominated fire retardants .
And phthalates are still a concern because of their association with respiratory problems in children .
There are new concerns , too , such as the perfluorochemicals .
But it 's the mixture of chemicals that also concerns us – the so - called " cocktail effect " .
Testing all the combinations of interacting chemicals is virtually impossible .
This is why the only approach is the precautionary approach .
Yes , these toxins have dropped off the agenda a bit .
The media moves on and it becomes old news .
But Bisphenol
A is a big issue that is bubbling up again .
It is found in baby bottles and is likely to hit the headlines again in the months to come .
It is interesting to hear confirmation that " climate and energy issues " have , in effect , started to drown out other issues , such as the threat from toxic chemicals in the home .
Many environmentalists , particularly ones who were at the forefront of campaigns from previous decades , now seem to be making this same observation .
" Old " issues , such as mercury poisoning in fish or preventing whaling , were once very fashionable , but have now slipped back as priorities when compared to the urgency of the climate change behemoth .
It 's unfortunate , but inevitable given the many alarm bells climate change has triggered .
But how do you go about campaigning on such an all - consuming issue as climate change , without losing momentum on all the other important issues ?
I agree with Santillo that perhaps the most worrying aspect of the presence of so many synthetic chemicals in our homes are the known unknowns of the cocktail effect .
We might be able test each of these chemicals individually , but we will simply never know how they all interact in combination .
So much for the precautionary principle : we are the proverbial guinea pigs in our very own cages .
As the comments below testify , something must be responsible for the seemingly growing levels of unexplained allergies , asthma and eczema , particularly in children , and it is no surprise that parents are suspicious of the role these chemicals might be playing .
It takes a lot of dedication and discipline , but many people do make great efforts to prevent these suspected toxins from entering their home and it would appear that without tighter regulations this is the only way to guard against them .
As Ritariba states , it 's a shame , too , that many people are forced to turn to the internet to read up on these chemicals where they are inevitably confronted with either industry reassurances , or emotive accounts of the nasty health implications should you come into regular contact with any of these chemicals .
Sadly , I suspect the confusion and fear surrounding many of these chemicals will continue for many years to come .
On 26 April , Leo wrote :
It 's certainly a good observation : you 're right , we do n't hear that much now about the threat of toxic chemicals in everyday household items such as furniture , carpets , cleaning products , and cosmetics .
It was n't that long ago that Greenpeace and others groups were campaigning hard to get many of these chemicals banned .
In 2007 , the EU passed into law the Reach ( Registration , Evaluation , Authorisation and Restriction of Chemical substances ) regulation .
Much of the noise being created about the threat of toxic chemicals was part of the lobbying in the build - up to these regulations being drafted and signed off .
But that has n't seen an end to the use of parabens , phthalates and all the other synthetic chemicals we used to hear so much about .
Are you still concerned about the presence of these chemicals in your home ?
Or do you think there 's nothing to worry about ?
Please share your thoughts below and I 'll return next Tuesday ( 4 May ) to join the discussion .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Many are upset about the recent decision to have government bureaucrats take over the nation 's health care system .
Though the current system has its problems , the new " reform " is anything but real reform and will only make things worse by further robbing individuals of the freedom to choose the lifestyles , foods and medicines that suit them best in achieving and maintaining health .
Van Irion , an attorney and candidate for Tennessee 's Third Congressional District , recently filed a federal lawsuit against what is now being termed " Obamacare " .
Irion visited Nashville last month to demonstrate support for the " Health Care Freedom Act " and several other bills that would exempt Tennesseans from having to participate in Obamacare .
However after coming to the conclusion that Tennessee 's Attorney General , Robert Cooper , would likely be unwilling to fight Obamacare , Irion has decided to take matters into his own hands .
According to his lawsuit , the premise of the " Patient Protections and Affordable Care Act " is wholly unconstitutional and should not be accepted by Tennesseans or anyone else .
" Is the PPACA constitutional or not ?
If not , then states have every right to defend themselves from its enforcement , " he explained .
And he is right : there are no provisions in the U.S. Constitution that allow for the federal government to control the health system on behalf of U.S. citizens .
Attorneys general from 13 states recently filed a lawsuit as well , which has attracted five other states ( and counting ) to join that suit .
The provisions in PPACA include requiring citizens to buy government health insurance , and it mandates the type and distribution of care .
Other controversial provisions include taxpayer - funded abortions .
Irion has set up a website where people can sign up to join his class - action lawsuit against Obamacare .
There is no charge to participate in the lawsuit .
The goal of the lawsuit , as explained at the site , is to reverse the Supreme Court 's incorrect interpretation of the Commerce and General Welfare clauses that permits Congress to regulate virtually every American enterprise .
The lawsuit will restore the Tenth Amendment ( states ' rights ) reign in Congress and help to restore individual liberty .
Irion is also running for Congress in Tennessee under a platform that embraces these and other liberty - loving ideals .
Such ideals are paramount for preserving and promoting health freedom , as well as a host of other freedoms , so it is worth your time to check him out and to see if similar candidates are running in your districts .
For more information about Van Irion , please visit www.van4congress.org
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
The Gates Family Foundation – arguably the biggest charity in the world with assets over $ 35 billion according to 2008 records – is in the crosshairs of Sens. Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) and Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) , who see it as a money pot to help pay for a legislative fix for the estate tax .
Well - placed sources say the senators might create a “ toll charge ” on charitable foundations that would sock Democratic heavyweights like Bill Gates and Warren Buffet .
ADVERTISEMENT
Both Gates and Buffet use family foundations , which allows them to avoid paying the estate tax .
In the past , both men have opposed repealing the estate tax .
The possibility of paying for an estate tax fix by gouging rich people who are some of the Democrats ’ biggest donors poses an obvious dilemma for the party .
Neither of the senators ’ offices would confirm that they are considering a change to family foundations ’ tax status , but sources said such a charge could raise enough revenue to reinstate the estate tax to a rate lower than 2009 levels , when estates worth more than $ 3.5 million were taxed at a top rate of 45 percent .
There is no estate tax at the moment , as it lapsed on Dec. 31 .
But barring congressional action it returns next year to pre-2001 levels and will hit estates worth more than $ 1 million with a tax that tops out at 55 percent .
Republicans and more than a few Democrats oppose this level .
During last year ’s budget debate , Kyl and Lincoln put forward an amendment that created a 35 percent tax on estates worth more than $ 10 million per couple .
The provision was considered popular , but failed by a 51 - 48 vote .
Sources say the Joint Committee on Taxation has been asked to score the toll charge .
The committee would not confirm this .
According by Rasmussein polling , Lincoln trails Republican challenger 56 percent to 33 percent .
Nearly two - thirds of her state , 62 percent , disapprove of her actions on Capitol Hill .
It is unclear how advocating to lower taxes for richer taxpayers will benefit her in a state not known for its wealth .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) will be the next billion and possibly trillion dollar government bailout .
We have the FDIC that insures over 8,000 banks with an insurance fund that is in the negative .
From 2000 to October of 2007 only 27 banks were closed down by the FDIC .
Nearly eight full years and 27 banks were shut down in the face of epic gambling from the banking industry .
Since the recession started , the FDIC has closed down 237 banks with more to come .
Without a doubt , given the enormous amount of bad debt and commercial real estate loans we will have 1,000 bank failures by the time this recession is over .
Is this so hard to envision ?
In April , 17 banks were closed and so far in May , 15 banks have seen their doors shut .
The rate of bank failures is increasing .
Why will this happen ?
Because there are at least 763 more banks that are full to toxic waste in the U.S. :
Even the FDIC has 700 banks on their troubled institution list .
Keep in mind failures like WaMu and IndyMac which cost billions of dollars were n’t even on the initial list .
The issue at hand is you have 4 banks that dominate 55 percent of all banking assets :
We already know that the government is unwilling to break up these banks in an orderly fashion .
But the other 8,000 banks do n’t have this guarantee .
In fact , if you look at this from a corrupt banking perspective , a giant amount of bank failures is good for these few gigantic banks .
Customers will have less banking options and will have to rely on a tiny group of banks that run like monopolies .
This will provide a fertile ground for anti-competitive practices and will result in unfriendly consumer products in the end .
We ’ve already seen that .
These bailouts simply help to consolidate power and transfer wealth to a select few in the economy .
Then on the other hand , you have the FDIC spending millions if not billions each week closing down banks .
We are told that the FDIC is completely solvent .
But at this rate it will be broke rather soon ( the DIF is already negative although they have a bit more in cash reserves by front - running premiums for years to come ) .
Do n’t think this will happen ?
Here is irony for you ; the FDIC which insures banks needs insurance from the U.S. Treasury :
“ ( FDIC ) Chairman Bair distinguished the DIF ’s reserves from the FDIC ’s cash resources , which included $ 22 billion of cash and U.S. Treasury securities held as of June 30 , as well as the ability to borrow up to $ 500 billion from the Treasury .
“ A decline in the fund balance does not diminish our ability to protect insured depositors , ” Chairman Bair concluded . ”
You know exactly where this is heading .
Why put that $ 500 billion figure out there ?
Why not $ 20 billion or $ 50 billion ?
If we ’ve learned any lesson with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac or AIG is that Wall Street will raid the taxpayer for every penny they have and use supposed government entities to dump their junk onto the public .
Consider the two giant GSEs for a moment .
You hear Wall Street berate these companies but banks would have zero mortgage market if it was n’t for them .
Wall Street investment banking is a giant group of crony welfare capitalist that is anti-competitive and has perverted the current economy .
I read current articles on how some people are surprised of the current market volatility .
What do you expect ?
27 months of the worst recession since the Great Depression and no fundamental change has happened in the way Wall Street conducts business .
The DIF at the FDIC is in the red :
“ ( FDIC ) The Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) balance improved for the first time in two years .
The DIF balance – the net worth of the fund – increased slightly to negative $ 20.7 billion , from negative $ 20.9 billion ( unaudited ) on December 31 , 2009 .
The fund balance reflects a $ 40.7 billion contingent loss reserve that has been set aside to cover estimated losses .
Just as banks reserve for loan losses , the FDIC has to set aside reserves for anticipated closings .
Combining the fund balance with this contingent loss reserve shows total DIF reserves of $ 20 billion .
Total insured deposits increased by 1.3 percent ( $ 70.0 billion ) during the first quarter . ”
This is the latest press release for Q1 of 2010 .
It has gotten worse .
In one week in Q2 the FDIC had to pay out roughly $ 7 billion on 7 bank failures in one week .
You know where this is going and everything has become one giant bailout .
FDIC insured institutions have assets of $ 13 trillion .
We have $ 3 trillion in commercial real estate loans and many banks are valuing these loans at optimistic day prices that were up to $ 6 trillion at their peak .
Just with CRE we will see at least $ 1 trillion in losses .
Gear up for another taxpayer bailout although the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve do n’t even have the money for that .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
Now do n’t get all excited , or anything , but there is a real chance that the Obama administration may be on the way to a general Middle Eastern peace settlement , one that bypasses the relatively narrow Israeli - Palestinian question , and cuts right to the chase .
As reported in the Wall Street Journal :
“ The U.S. is negotiating with Egypt a proposal to make the Middle East a region free of nuclear weapons , as the U.S. seeks to prevent Iran from derailing a month - long U.N. conference on nuclear nonproliferation that begins Monday .
U.S. officials familiar with the move call it an important step in assuring countries that Washington — criticized by some for its silence about Israel ’s undeclared nuclear arsenal — will equitably address weapons proliferation across the region , as Iran seeks to shift focus away from its own nuclear program . ”
The irony of the Israeli push to sanction and threaten Iran over its alleged nuclear weapons program – a program , by the way , which our own intelligence community believes was abandoned in 2003 – is that it has focused unwanted attention on the one country in the region which already has nukes : Israel .
With 600 nuclear - tipped missiles , at a minimum , armed and aimed at god - knows - who , Israel has stubbornly refused to even acknowledge the existence of such a formidable arsenal .
There is a certain hollow ring to the outrage of Israeli leaders as they accuse Iran of violating the terms of a treaty Israel has steadfastly refused to sign .
In spite of how many times the Obama administration tries to console and appease the Israelis , reassuring them of our unflinching and nearly unconditional support , Obama the campaigner had to eventually become Obama the commander - in - chief – i.e. the defender of US interests worldwide .
Having sworn eternal allegiance to the Lobby when in campaign mode – remember the humiliating ritual they put him through ?
– the president must now uphold his oath of office to protect and defend the United States – not Israel – first and last .
When our emissaries return to Washington and report that our support in the region is slipping - to - nonexistent , as the sainted General David Petraeus recently did , the president must act .
The US tilt toward Israel is so exaggerated that it is almost a caricature of al - Qaeda ’s propaganda , and nowhere is this more glaring than in the realm of nuclear brinkmanship .
The US has no leverage , and no standing , to push for the preemptive dismantling of a nonexistent Iranian Manhattan Project , when it follows Israel ’s lead in never even referring to their nuclear arsenal .
The one Obama administration official who did mention it was viciously attacked , and has n’t said boo about it since , but – unless you ’re under the age of three – pretending something does n’t exist wo n’t make it go away .
Israel ’s nukes cast a long shadow over the region , and the costs of denying it continue to rise .
The Israelis kvetch that even the possibility of an Iranian nuclear weapon poses an “ existential threat ” to the Israeli people – evoking images of a second Holocaust – and yet every Arab population in the region is already living that nightmare .
Can you imagine Prime Minister Avigdor Lieberman pushing the button , and vaporizing , say , Tehran , or Cairo ?
I can .
This is a guy who once said Israel ought to bomb the Aswan dam , a former bouncer who is now the Foreign Minister of a nuclear state .
Israel is one of the few countries on earth which , along with North Korea , refuses to join the NPT .
Unlike the crazed North Koreans , however , who boast about their nuclear capabilities , the Israelis insist on this ambiguous fig leaf – and the US goes along with it , albeit with increasing reluctance .
Imagine you ’re Gen. Petraeus , and you have to traipse around the Middle East wearing this skimpy attire : it ’s embarrassing .
It ’s also contrary to US interests , which lie in preventing not only the Iranians but also the Israelis from reducing the region to a radioactive desert .
If the US truly wants to see Iran come around , forswear nukes forever , and submit to a credible regime of inspections and full disclosure , then they must not only acknowledge but also seek to disarm the Israelis .
Israel , in short , must sign the NPT .
This is the only possible meaning of the nuclear - free zone concept as applied to the Middle East : peripheral noise about how “ Washington also reassured Israel it wo n’t foist a nuclear - free zone on the region until all parties agree to it and significant progress has been made on Mideast peace ” is just a lot of static .
“ Mideast peace ” ca n’t be achieved unless and until the threat of an Arab holocaust is lifted .
As the United Nations convocation on the NPT convenes this Monday , with an address by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the US and Israel are handing him a club to beat them over the head with .
This is a price the Israelis are perfectly willing to pay , since they do n’t have to care about world – and particularly Arab – opinion .
The US , however , is in a different position entirely , and here is where the supposedly identical interests of the two nations radically diverge .
Using Egypt as the intermediary , the Obama administration is tentatively advancing a rather vague proposal to convene a conference on a nuclear - free zone in the Middle East at some unspecified future date .
This proposal is supposed to go “ beyond what the US has been willing to do before , ” according to a “ senior US official ” cited by the Journal .
Whether this means putting everyone ’s cards on the table , and pressuring the Israelis to come out of the nuclear closet remains doubtful , because some in the administration are seeking to attach a fatal precondition : “ Mideast peace , ” i.e. a comprehensive conclusion of the Israeli - Palestinian peace process :
“ U.S. officials stressed , however , that they did n’t believe that would happen without first achieving major advances in Arab - Israeli peace talks .
‘ We are concerned that the conditions are not right unless all members of the region participate , which would be unlikely unless there is a comprehensive peace plan which is accepted , ’ said Ellen Tauscher , undersecretary of state for arms control and international security . ”
Tauscher , the exemplary DLC “ moderate ” during her tenure as a Bay Area congresswoman , has been decidedly immoderate in her stubborn refusal to break the “ see no nukes ” injunction , never once – despite repeated questioning – admitting Israel possesses “ weapons of mass destruction . ”
Why do we continue to play this game ?
An increasingly influential group of realists within the Obama administration is pushing the nuclear - free zone initiative , but they need help from the grassroots .
The Lobby is already all over this , because it represents a threat to their hegemony in Washington .
Should it succeed , the nuclear - free zone intiative would signal a fundamental shift away from the Israel - centric policies of the past – exemplified to the nth degree by the Bush administration – and toward a policy that puts America and American interests first .
It is surely in our interests to pursue a peaceful resolution of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , but to make this a precondition for any progress on the nuclear issue is not .
Israel has spent the last few years claiming Iran ’s alleged pursuit of nukes represents an “ existential threat , ” but what will they say to a proposal for general and complete nuclear disarmament ?
If the threat were real , they ’d agree immediately .
Since there is no such threat , however , existential or otherwise , and since in reality the threat comes from nuclear - armed Israel , and not ( as yet )
Iran , the Israelis have absolutely no interest in giving up their nuclear trump card .
After all , they may have to play it some day .
When the Israeli historian Benny Morris wrote an op ed piece for the New York Times justifying an Israeli nuclear first strike , I took it seriously .
His illuminating essay reflected , I thought , more than just his own view , but fairly represented a current of opinion with increasing influence in Israeli ruling circles .
As I have documented in this space for years , the growth of political and religious extremism in Israel is one of the most dangerous trends in existence , precisely because the Israelis enjoy unquestioned military dominance , rivaling the US in their ability to project power in the region .
It is the growing influence of extremist elements in Israeli society that is sabotaging any prospects of settling the Palestinian question .
The US is not going to impose a settlement on the Israelis , or threaten to withhold aid : that ’s politically impossible for the Obama administration , and Tauscher knows it .
To make “ Mideast peace ” a precondition for de-nuclearizing the region is to invert the process .
The idea is that you first ensure the physical survival of the people of the region , and then get down to the details of just how they ’re going to live together .
That ’s just common sense – but it ’s been a very long time since something as plebeian as common sense set the standard in the making of American foreign policy .
The nuclear - free zone was first advanced by the Syrians , in 2003 : at the time , only Arab media outlets and Antiwar.com noted it .
As I wrote back then :
“ The hallmark and guiding principle of U.S. policy in the region is simple : one standard for the Arabs , and another one for the Israelis .
Bashar al Assad found this out when tried to explain to Colin Powell why Israel , too , must get rid of its WMD .
Powell ’s response to the Syrian suggestion that the U.S. back their proposed UN resolution to rid the entire Middle East of nukes and other WMD , submitted to the Security Council on Friday , was to reject out of hand the principle of evenhandedness : ‘ Clearing such weapons from the region is a long - standing U.S. goal , but now is not the time to address that matter , ’ is how Ha’aretz characterized his attitude . ”
Will the Obama administration go beyond Bush - ism in the Middle East ?
That remains to be seen .
But the mere hope should give impetus to a broad - based grassroots movement to make the Middle East a nuclear - free zone .
This movement will put pressure on all parties , including but not limited to the Israelis and the Iranians , to agree to give up their nuclear aspirations .
In the case of Israel , we have the added obstacle of getting them to even acknowledge the existence of their nuclear arsenal , let alone persuading them to forswear a first strike .
Make no mistake about it .
An Israeli first strike against a perceived threat – a perception that is perhaps based on mistaken intelligence – is entirely within the realm of the possible .
If indeed the Iranians are trying to build a nuclear deterrent , we are well along the road to a conflict of horrifying proportions .
The United States has a moral and practical interest in preventing such a nightmare scenario .
That is why a nuclear - free Middle East must be taken up by the United States government without hesitation or preconditions .
This is a project that the peace movement should take up : it does n’t do to just sit on the sidelines and complain .
It is all well and good to critique the administration ’s policy , but the point is to make a difference , and in this case we can .
A grassroots movement , petitions , lobbying Congress to pass a resolution – all these activities will support those in the administration who are fighting for a more realistic policy in the Middle East .
Apparently the Utah legislature is no fan of The Constitution .
Last year the Utah legislature passed a bill that would allow prosecutors the power to get your contact information from your ISP or cell phone companies without the oversight of a judge when the prosecutors suspect a child sex crime .
Do n’t get me wrong I believe child sex offenders deserve harsh penalties however I believe also that they deserve the due process of law .
This year legislature passed House Bill 150 Administrative Subpoena Amendments  that broadens the powers of prosecutors to bypass the Constitution once again but this time it includes more crimes which include suspected felonies , as well as cyber - stalking and cyber - harassment ( misdemeanors ) .
This is a violation of the 4th Amendment Right of illegal searches and seizures specified in the due process clause .
Where the hell is the media on this ?
Where is the ACLU ?
Where is Glenn Beck ?
The Fourth Amendment specifies that any warrant must be judicially sanctioned for a search or an arrest , in order for such a warrant to be considered reasonable .
Warrants must be supported by probable cause and be limited in scope according to specific information supplied by a person ( usually a law enforcement officer ) who has sworn by it and is therefore accountable to the issuing court .
Source : Wikipedia
The new law removes the judicial oversight of the process of obtaining evidence .
Remember the three branches of government that provide checks and balances .
If one of them is removed who is doing the checks and balances .
In layman ’s terms who ’s watching the cops if the judge is taken out of the obtaining of evidence ?
According to the Salt Lake Tribune : “ Since the bill took effect , more than 200 such subpoenas have been issued , or slightly more than one a day . ”
Courtesy of Saintless
Saintless goes on to say :
And last year ’s bill is proof that it ’s not needed .
We tend to hear about it when there ’s a child porn case in Utah .
And I certainly have n’t heard of anywhere near 1 new case per day in the last 6 months , which tells me that it ’s either being over used ( and abused ) , or is n’t effective .
And with no accountability , all I can think is : “ Who will watch the watchmen ? ” 
Odd do n’t you think ?
The most conservative state in America does n’t support The Constitution .
This is the same state legislature that passed laws challenging the authority of the Federal Government with the Firearms Freedom Act .
So the 10th Amendment is more important than the 4th Amendment ?
That is the message the Utah Legislature is peddling with their actions .
This whole rant was stirred by a post , I read today on Pete Ashdown ’s blog : Go Pete Go !!!
Now the funny part about this .
Brad Daw is a hypocrite of the finest order .
House Bill 150 ’s sponsor is Brad Daw R - Orem .
I did n’t know anything about Brad Daw so I googled his name .
I found out that he is up for re-election in 2010 .
I went to his campaign website .
his website is full of Founding Fathers quotes and testimony about Daw ’s devotion to upholding The Constitution .
Here is the text of his site .
( Hey Brad … if you are computer genius maybe you could use W3 compliant code because your site coding sucks worse than your design . )
Send Brad back to the Legislature in 2010 I can say it no better than Thomas Jefferson did in the Declaration of Independence : “ We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . ”
I believe , further , that the right to life begins before birth , that liberty is best preserved by limited government intrusion , and that happiness is best pursued in a loving and committed family .
He also has a link to a video in which he appears for The Patrick Henry Caucus .
Where the hell does he get off violating the 4th Amendment with his legislation and then preaching about his support of The Constitution ?
Peter Steele , the lead singer and bass player of gothic / metal band Type O Negative , a groundbreaking group known for its dramatic lyrical emphasis on the themes of romance , depression , and death , died suddenly Wednesday night .
He was 48 .
" Peter Steele passed away last night of what appears to be heart failure , ” according to a message written to fans Thursday on the band ’s Web site .
" We are truly saddened to lose our friend and appreciate the tremendous outpouring today from around the world . "
Steele had a reported history of substance abuse , but his band mates say he “ had been enjoying a long period of sobriety and improved health . ”
Steele was most known for his deep , rich , natural baritone voice .
At 6 ' 7 " he towered over the rest of the members of his band and would often roll his eyes into the back of his head while singing in videos and in live concerts .
“ He often talked about how he was just an average Joe from Brooklyn whose happiest days were back when he worked picking up garbage for NYC ’s Dept of Parks and Recreation , ” according to MTV.com .
In May 2005 , rumors swirled of Steele ’s death after the band ’s Web site posted a headstone with his name and the dates “ 1962 -2005 . ”
It turned out to be a hoax of Steele ’s own warped sense of humor .
Type O Negative had it ’s biggest year back in 1993 , when the band ’s album “ Bloody Kisses ” went platinum with the hits “ Christian Woman ” and “ Black No.1 . ”
Steele was to begin writing and recording new music as a follow up for the band ’s 2007 album “ Dead Again , ” according to the band ’s Web site .
He is survived by five sisters , the eldest of whom praised him as a larger - than - life character whose death casts a shadow on the music industry . "
“ He was more than our brother , he was our son .
His untimely death is tragic -- a great loss to us and to music , ” she said .
Funeral arrangements remain unknown , but the family is asking fans for privacy .
The official cause of Steele 's death is pending an autopsy .
How smuggled mobile phones are used by prisoners to commit crimes from their cells
The most valuable commodity inside Britain 's prisons is now the mobile phone .
Smuggled inside books , milk cartons and shoes , they are used to organise drug deals , plot assassinations and intimidate victims via Facebook
Over the past five years mobile phones have become by far the hottest commodity behind bars
George Moon sat back on his bed , made himself as comfortable as he could on the thin mattress and flipped open his dog-eared address book .
The 62 - year - old career criminal slowly ran a finger down the long list of numbers - each belonging to other members of his gang - before finding the one he wanted .
He then dialled .
It took only a few seconds for the call to connect and then , keeping his voice low so as not to be overheard , Moon went into business mode .
This call , like most of the others he made each day , was to a number in Panama where his colleague , Leo Morgan , had established strong links with a local cocaine cartel .
Thanks to this well - placed connection , Moon was able to buy virtually pure cocaine at bargain - basement prices .
The operation itself was relatively modest - half a kilo or so at a time - but in the space of eight months Moon had already earned more than £ 300,000 .
What made the enterprise truly remarkable was that Moon was running the whole thing from his prison cell at HMP Lindholme in Doncaster .
Morgan was also behind bars , doing ten years for drug offences in the Central American republic 's notoriously tough El Renacer prison in Gamboa , about 20 miles from Panama City .
Moon had already been jailed three times for drugs offences and was in Lindholme , a medium - security prison , serving a 14 - year term imposed in 2003 .
Thanks to a smuggled mobile phone , he soon discovered that being in prison was no longer a bar to continuing his criminal ways .
With his cell door closed and prison guards none the wiser , Moon would spend hours on the phone each day to Morgan , originally from Birmingham , who had also smuggled a phone into his cell .
Together the pair arranged the importation of 12 half - kilo packages of cocaine from Panama and Venezuela to Britain and Ireland .
Morgan placed orders with a local drugs cartel .
The drugs were then hidden among engineering parts and sent to Ireland by couriers including Royal Mail Parcel Force , DHL and TNT , none of whom had any idea of the true contents .
The 1,800 mobile phones confiscated since 2006 at the state prison in Vacaville , California
Using a fake name , Moon contacted a landlord in Cork , Ireland , arranged to rent storage space and persuaded him to accept deliveries .
In order to make his cover story seem plausible , Moon invented three bogus firms - Ryan Pat Engineering , Angel Toys and FDFC Foods - to which the drugs shipments were sent , all of which he was able to arrange over the phone .
He paid using credit card numbers belonging to friends on the outside .
Once in Ireland , the packages were collected by other members of the gang who brought them to mainland Britain by ferry and then distributed the cocaine among dealers in the northwest of England .
During the day , Moon kept the phone hidden in a space inside his mattress .
In order to keep the battery topped up , he cleverly adapted his shaver - one of the few electrical items prisoners are allowed to keep in their cells - into a charging unit .
He also used a notebook to store all the telephone numbers he needed , kept a spare SIM card to hand and carefully recorded the tracking numbers of the drug - filled packages being sent out .
An X - ray reveals a phone hidden within an inmate 's body
His cunning scheme was eventually discovered after officials from the National Offender Management Service ( NOMS ) intercepted a parcel sent to Moon marked ' Legal Privilege Material ' .
Suspicious that the package was being sent rather than delivered by a solicitor and that it was stamped , not franked , it was opened and found to contain two SIM cards and a quantity of heroin , which Moon had planned to sell inside the prison , all hidden between fake legal documents .
When police officers then raided his cell , they caught him red -handed .
He was found sitting on his bed , speaking on his mobile with his address book in his hand .
Originally due for release this year , George Moon will now remain in prison until at least 2019 .
Over the past five years mobile phones have become by far the hottest commodity behind bars .
Statistics compiled by NOMS show that the authorities found 4,461 mobiles and 4,325 SIM cards in prisons in England and Wales between February 2009 and January this year .
This is a four - fold increase on the number found three years earlier .
Prison Officers Association spokesman Glyn Travis believes the situation is rapidly getting out of control .
' We believe that , nationally , there is one phone , charger and SIM card for every ten prisoners , which is ridiculous , ' he says .
Some experts believe the situation is far worse .
Harry Fletcher , of the National Association of Probation Officers , calls the figure for phones found in the past 12 months ' implausible ' , claiming instead that the true number of phones is likely to be at least double that .
Justice minister Maria Eagle says , ' The figures understate the actual number of finds , because they do n't include items retained by police for evidential purposes or not submitted for other reasons . '
In Ireland , the problem has reached epidemic proportions , with an estimated two phones for every three inmates at some jails .
Phones hidden in the soles of a pair of shoes
The phones get into the prisons through a variety of ingenious methods .
Some are carried in underwear or hidden internally by visitors .
Others have been baked into loaves of bread , hidden inside packets of washing powder , concealed inside the soles of shoes or inside books or legal papers .
Many are thrown over prison walls so that inmates can pick them up during exercise periods .
On one occasion , a phone was said to have been fired over a prison wall using a crossbow .
In some cases friends of inmates use detailed satellite maps from the internet to work out the best place to throw the items so they wo n't be spotted by guards .
Earlier this year , milkman Paul Donachy was arrested for attempting to smuggle mobile phones into Perth prison .
It is claimed he inserted waterproofed phones into cartons of milk , which he then resealed .
The cartons were delivered directly to the prison kitchen , where inmates with trustee status would be able to retrieve them .
In January a haul of 13 mobiles , 24 SIM cards , several chargers and a quantity of drugs and alcohol were discovered hidden inside tins of baked beans and soup destined for HMP Frankland , the top - security prison that houses the Soham killer , Ian Huntley .
The package was delivered in a sealed prison bag and made to look as if it belonged to an inmate who had been transferred from another institution .
Former prison officer Lisa Harris , who was jailed for smuggling phones to an inmate
Once inside , inmates hide the phones in their cells , often inside items of clothing , bedding or hollowed out electrical items .
At HMP Verne in Dorset , two prisoners built matchstick models with special hidden compartments to store their phones .
Inmates also attempt to hide phones by cutting out pages of thick books - most commonly Bibles or prayer books , in the hope that guards will not look at them to avoid causing offence .
As well as using the phones themselves , many inmates charge others to use them at an extortionate rate .
It 's a lucrative business .
Sentencing a teenager who attempted to take a mobile phone into a youth detention centre last month , Judge Mark Rogers said , ' On the face of it , bringing a telephone into prison may seem relatively trivial , but they can often be regarded as a form of currency in prison . '
Inmates may simply want an easier way to contact their families , but former prisoner Bobby Cummines , who runs a charity offering support to ex-offenders , is concerned that this might not always be the case .
' What worries me is that some people want to get hold of phones for darker reasons .
There are those who want to carry on committing crime , intimidate witnesses and even predatory paedophiles who might use phone and internet access to attempt to groom children while they are continuing to serve sentences . '
Last year , David Blakey , former Chief Constable of West Mercia Police , carried out a detailed study on the problem .
' The number of mobile phones circulating in prisons is astonishing ... the cost of a mobile phone to a prisoner , I was repeatedly told , was from £ 250 to £ 800 .
George Moon , who ran a drug empire from his cell
' Prisoners would rather have their own or a shared mobile phone .
The reasons are apparent .
Mobile phones can receive calls as well as making them , they cost less per call , they can be used at any time , they can take photographs and do other clever things .
Prisoners also like mobile phones because they are not routinely monitored and so can be used for criminal purposes and in particular for drug trafficking .'
When low - level drug - dealer Jordan Moore found himself behind bars in Lewes prison he soon realised he had a captive market of addicts and quickly worked out a way to take control and cash in .
Until his incarceration he had been part of a small but lucrative heroin and cocaine distribution ring based around the seaside town of Worthing .
Once inside , he continued to run the business , issuing instructions to his foot soldiers by mobile phone , but he also expanded his operations to include the prison itself .
Packages of drugs were hidden in socks and thrown over the prison walls to be collected by inmates at prearranged times .
With prices up to ten times higher behind bars than on the streets , Moore found his profits soaring and lavished gifts on his girlfriend , who was helping to look after his cash while he served his time .
Estimates from NOMS suggest drugs worth at least £ 100 million are being traded inside British prisons every year .
There is also a second prison black market in phones .
What 's being traded in this situation , however , is not the ability to make calls but rather the information contained on the SIM card and within the handset itself .
The most successful dealers have phones that receive orders for drugs on a near constant basis .
It means the numbers themselves are incredibly valuable .
New arrivals at prisons across the country sell their SIMs to those nearing release .
Depending on the size of the customer network on offer , the cost of such an exchange can easily run to more than £ 10,000 .
According to one inmate , who asked to remain anonymous , ' If you 're a dealer , your mobile phone is the single most important thing you own .
' We 're talking about a phone that rings constantly .
Not so much during the week perhaps but night and day at the weekend .
If you get nicked the first thing you need to do is make sure someone else takes over your customers .
Think of it like buying a business franchise . '
Murphy , the UK 's first mobile phone detector dog making a routine sweep in Norwich prison , Norfolk
Instead of making money , others use their smuggled mobiles for more menacing purposes .
One seized phone contained , in the words of observers from an independent welfare organisation , ' the most graphic and violent images , including forced sex and stabbings ' .
It 's claimed there have been cases of camera phones being used to take photographs of prison officers so that those on the outside can target and intimidate them .
Similarly , video phones are said to have been used to call relatives and show live footage of inmates being tortured in order to extort money or drugs .
Last year , gang leader Nigel Ramsey was jailed for organising , from his cell at HMP Wolds in Humberside , the cold - blooded murder of 17 - year old Tarek Chaiboub .
There have been at least three other cases of murders being arranged from prison cells in the past two years .
Now that an increasing number of mobile phones offer internet access , many prisoners are even able to update the pages of their social - networking sites while behind bars .
A new body - scanning chair that can detect mobile phones concealed inside body cavities
Last year , 21 - year - old Kane Barratt , part of a gang jailed for leading a violent crime spree across Manchester , published photographs of himself in his cell on his Facebook page and posted a series of messages about his sentencing .
One said : ' They can put me behind my door but they can't stop time . '
Barratt also completed a quiz , had his fortune told and took an IQ test online .
With prison numbers at a record high , resources are being stretched thinner than ever before .
Under rules introduced last year , anyone caught with a mobile phone inside a prison faces a two - year jail sentence , but the smuggling shows no signs of slowing down .
Instead , the authorities are focusing attention on trying to detect smuggled mobiles and prevent them from being used .
In Norwich prison , staff have begun using Murphy , a springer spaniel that 's been trained to sniff out phones .
The dog is even able to detect devices hidden away in the human body or wrapped in plastic .
After undergoing extensive tests with his handler , Mel Barker , Murphy 's final task before starting work was to detect a SIM card located among 5,000 seats in a football stadium .
Following Murphy 's success , two further dogs are being trained by the prison service .
However , much of this good work is being undone by the fact that dozens of corrupt prison officers and support staff - many of them female - have been involved in smuggling phones to inmates .
Earlier this year , prison officer Cara Wright was sacked after smuggling in a mobile phone for a killer serving time in Addiewell prison in Scotland .
She was caught after the inmate , David Allan , could not resist bragging about what she had done for him .
In January Lisa Harris , a prison officer at Pentonville in north London , was jailed for smuggling two mobile phones to an inmate she had become attached to so that the pair could text and call one another even when she was n't at work .
At Long Lartin prison near Evesham , 29 - year - old prison officer Lucy Reynolds was paid £ 600 by prisoners for smuggling drugs and mobile phones into the prison .
Reynolds began her crime wave after a brief relationship with an inmate who was then moved off the wing where she worked .
But other prisoners saw she was ' amenable to this sort of trafficking ' and began ordering phones and SIM cards .
Eight staff at Wakefield prison , one of the country 's top - security jails , have been suspended while authorities investigate allegations of phone smuggling .
There are currently 19 former prison officers serving jail sentences for attempting to smuggle contraband .
The risks are high but with smuggled mobile phones offering so many potential benefits , it 's little wonder that some inmates will go to extraordinary lengths to acquire one .
When officers at Swaleside prison began a routine cell search of one inmate , they could n't help but notice how incredibly uncomfortable he seemed during the procedure .
It turned out that he had attempted to hide a mobile phone and charger up his backside .
A phone hidden in a brush
In recent months , body orifice security scanner chairs , which can detect small metallic objects such as phones , knives and gun components without the need for intrusive strip searches , began to be rolled out through the prison system .
This month , Feltham jail in Middlesex and Brixton and Wandsworth prisons in London will begin trying out a hi-tech scheme designed to jam calls to and from mobile phones within the prison walls .
The signal - blocking equipment has been installed at a cost of £ 2 million and if the trial goes well , the system is likely to be rolled out across every prison in the country .
A Prison Service spokesman said : ' We are currently trialling a range of signal denial technologies in a number of establishments .
However , denying signals in prisons is not a quick , simple or cheap option .
It is technically challenging , given the nature of the different fabric and layouts of prisons and the need to identify technology that is effective at denying signals within prisons without adversely affecting signals outside . '
One public - awareness group , the Wireless Association , says that in any case , jammers are not particularly precise , have a history of malfunctioning and that , in order to be truly effective , they have to also block frequencies used by emergency services , something that could have a devastating effect on public safety .
In the U.S. , where jammers have also been introduced following an incident in which a man on death row used a smuggled mobile to call a senator and recite the names and addresses of the man 's daughters , inmates have devised ways to shield their phones from jamming signals using sheets of tinfoil .
Satellite phones , which are unaffected by traditional jammers and are now almost as small as regular mobiles , are also being used .
But even if prisoners are denied mobiles , they may still have other lines of communication open to them .
According to Bill Hughes , director general of the Serious Organised Crime Agency , some inmates have been able to use gaming consoles to connect to the internet and then communicate with the outside world using chat rooms or online games .
' One of the issues if you are locked up is how you communicate , ' says Hughes .
' What we 've been highlighting is that it 's not just about mobile phones .
We 've seen examples of people using PlayStations to pass messages . '
Harry Fletcher of NAPO , the probation officers ' professional association , says a lasting solution has yet to be found : ' The Prison Service is unable to tackle the problem effectively because it simply does n't know the true scale of it .
Until they do , this problem wo n't go away . '
' Gang Land ' by Tony Thompson is published on May 13 by Hodder & Stoughton , priced at £ 16.99
A second census “ enumerator ” came to my house on Monday and I of course recorded the encounter .
I only wish all government bureaucrats were as nice as Kathleen when you tell them you do n’t consent .
She was really outstanding and courteous .
If you missed my first encounter with a census “ enumerator ” , you can see it here .
Here ’s what happened this week :
If you want the government people to leave you alone you have to stop obeying them .
This is a tough thing to do , and it ’s silly to just jump in the deep end of noncooperation , so saying NO to the census people is a good starter disobedience .
Have your video camera or audio recorder handy , and do n’t be rude or mean .
These people are mostly just folks looking for some work ; they are n’t the government ’s aggressors .
They probably do n’t realize the money for their checks comes from coercion and fraud .
BP said on Tuesday it had managed to contain around 40 pc of the flow from its leaking well by piping oil to the surface .
The well started gushing 5,000 barrels per day of oil into the ocean when the Deepwater Horizon rig operated by contractor Transocean sank three weeks ago – killing 11 men .
67 . Smell your lover ’s hair .
Tell them how much you love the way they smell .
68 . Find something that needs to be done that your love has n’t gotten around to and do it for them , especially if it is something they ’re having difficulty with ( like bills , a person who irritates them or funeral arrangements they ’ve been put in charge of , etc. )
69 .
Tell your lover that they are the only person you want to be with .
Ever .
70 .
Write a note that thanks your lover for all the amazing things that they do and / or have done .
Leave it where they will find it .
71 .
If your partner has a problem that is bugging them , try to set it right or fix it for them as a surprise .
72 . Make a point to celebrate family holidays and special occasions with your lover .
73 .
Make a list of the things you love about your partner .
Be specific , and feel free to say things that seem off the wall like : “ I love the way your eyes are the color of the sky as the sun rises ” or “ I love the sound of your heart beating . ”
74 . Whisper “ I love you ” in your lover ’s ear .
75 . Send electronic love messages .
76 .
Take your lover to a concert they ’ve always wanted to go to .
77 . Cook together .
Make the love ( but also the food ) the priority .
78 .
Use a picture of your lover as your desktop wallpaper .
79 . Say “ I love you . ” in different languages .
If your partner has a different native language than you do , learn to say it ( and more ) in that tongue .
80 . Paint your nails together .
81 . Make healthy lifestyle changes together .
82 . Help your partner with something they might not understand as well as you ( computers , taxes , etc . )
83 .
Offer help without having to be asked .
Soothe them if they ’re hurt , but also take swift action if it is necessary .
84 . Kiss your partner ’s hand .
85 . Make time to clean and organize together ( with music ! )
86 . Call a radio station you know your partner is listening to and dedicate a song to them .
87 .
Do silly things , like walking around with your hands in your lover ’s pockets or writing a silly / fantastic story about how you met and fell in love .
88 . Look your partner in the eyes when you talk to them .
Be sincere .
89 .
Play with your lover ’s hair .
90 .
Find out what habits of yours irritate your lover .
Make an effort to reduce how often you do those things or cut the habits out of your life altogether .
91 .
Make resolutions to do things together .
Make solid plans .
Stick to them .
92 . Go on a road trip together .
Just the two of you .
93 .
Keep a positive outlook on life– at least while you ’re around your lover !
94 . Support your lover , even if you think they might be wrong or might fail .
Be there simply because you love them .
95 .
Forgive and forget , but do n’t bottle up things that bug you .
Talk about them , then release them and make way for a better , stronger love .
96 .
Put a love or congratulatory ad in the local paper that you know your lover will see .
97 .
Distract your lover from their problems , remind them that everything is going to be okay and then help them solve the issue .
98 .
Wake your lover up with kisses .
99 .
Think up the most romantic thing you could do for your lover , then do it .
Only you know your partner well enough to know what that thing is .
100 . Compliment everything .
101 . Stay tactile .
Caress your lover .
Separate issues display the trickle - up nature of statism .
Two dominating issues in the news have the Deepwater Horizon explosion in the Gulf of Mexico and the coming bailout of Greece ’s short - term debt .
A liability cap could save BP tens of billions in covering damages and the International Monetary Fund ( I.M.F. ) will be covering about $ 40bn of the $ 147bn bailout of Greece .
The U.S. government will likely cover the damages of the Gulf oil spill and supplies about 20 % of I.M.F. funding .
Gulf Oil Spill
Thanks to uninhibited lobbying , the oil industry scored a great welfare deal in the event it caused catastrophe after the spill in 1989 .
M.S. notes the corporate externalization of social costs at his Economist blog that make the direct billion dollar loss to BP dwarf in comparison :
As The Washington Post ‘s Juliet Eilperin writes , “ The prospect of an extended leak has intensified concerns over what compensation BP is willing to pay , since a law passed after the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill requires companies to pay for cleanup costs but no more than $ 75 million for other damage . ”
Estimates of total damages from the blowout run from a few billion dollars to Steve Kotok ’s estimates of tens or even hundreds of billions in long - term damage to Gulf fisheries and Gulf - coast tourism … .
Mr. Eilperin adds :
The economic implications of the disaster are potentially mammoth — but highly uncertain .
The annual commercial seafood harvest in the gulf is $ 661 million , recreational fishing contributes $ 757 million and nearly 8,000 jobs , and tourism related to wildlife adds $ 517 million , according to the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies .
It remained unclear Monday how much damage those industries will incur from the oil spill , and how long that damage will last .
The research group estimates that $ 1.6 billion in annual economic activity is tied to the wetlands directly exposed to the spill .
This is much different from the costs of the 1989 spill “ which contaminated 1,300 miles of largely untouched shoreline and killed tens of thousands of seabirds , otters and seals along with 250 eagles and 22 killer whales ” that John Broder and Tom Zeller , Jr. write at The New York Times .
They say this spill “ will have to get much worse before it approaches the impact ” of that spill , but in humble ignorance , I have to ask why .
How is an estimated $ 1.6bn on which who knows how many people depend to make their livings and survive less significant that some birds , whales and other water mammals ?
The “ worst - case scenario ” that Annie Lowrey wrote about at The Washington Independent yesterday of “ emergency appropriations ” reaching the “ tens , and maybe hundreds , of billions ” of dollars that ’ll have to shoot out of the printing press and be added to the deficit is surely a greater catastrophe , no ?
Gus Lubin at The Business Insider reports today that the Gulf states have a collective gross domestic product of nearly $ 2.2tn — a tourism industry that provides 620,000 jobs , equaling an estimated $ 9bn in annual wages — and the Gulf itself and its coast are home to :
six of America ’s top ten shipping ports , 27 % of U.S. crude production ;
4,000 oil and gas platforms employing over 100,000 workers ;
a $ 21 bn share in the commercial seafood industry ;
83 % of U.S. shrimp , 56 % of U.S. oyster and 14 % of U.S. fishery landings ;
40 % of U.S. recreational fishing catches .
Another externalization is the effect on the prices of these Gulf products .
A sharp escalation in scarcity will , alone , raise the price of doing business , feeding family and potential tourism .
The loss ca n’t really be accurately quantified , but that does n’t mean the social costs will not be felt in a very hard manner — inflation , unemployment , debt , increased leveraging .
Cassandra LaRussa at the Open Secrets blog estimates BP ’s lobbying totals to show that :
top recipient of BP - related donations during the 2008 cycle was President Barack Obama himself , who collected $ 71,000 … BP regularly lobbies on Capitol Hill , as well .
In 2009 , the company spent a massive $ 16 million to influence legislation .
During the first quarter of 2010 , it spent $ 3.53 million on federal lobbying efforts , ranking it second ( behind ConocoPhillips ) among all oil and gas industry interests .
Almost $ 20 million in lobbying over the last 18 months to save billions in liability is a pretty good deal .
Were the government not involved , this would be called a bribe — plain and simple , right ?
In all honesty , my professional research on the Greece economic crisis has taken up too much time for me to really follow the details of the oil spill to give an accurate legal analysis , but Ezra Klein ’s written so much about it at his blog , I looked a little , found this information I posted here and see an absolutely tyrannical example of government power externalizing the corporate costs on the population .
This is regulation in theory and practice ; what separates it from liability — a clear separation between statism and libertarianism , privilege and justice .
The market says the firms responsible for damaging others ought to be held liable for those damages .
Regulation regimes of the State always result in the externalization of corporations ’ liability onto people and it ’s those who need the greatest percentage of their incomes the most who get screwed the worst .
The inflation and deficit spending to ( de facto ) bailout BP will raise the cost of living as people are losing their jobs , heavily job insecure and experiencing wages declines and stagnation .
Fiat funny - money monopoly to feed the pockets of few and cover corporate liability directly makes life more difficult for those already struggling .
Greece Bailout
Speaking of inflation , the I.M.F. ’s participation in bailing out Greece will cost taxpayers ~ $ 8bn off the bat , Henry Blodget notes at The Business Insider , which will cost the average household hundreds of dollars across 16 countries .
But again we have unaccounted externalization .
The E.U. ’s share and that of other I.M.F. suppliers lowers the value of those currencies held in U.S. reserves .
The Federal Reserve ’s money monopoly also ties working people of the world to the cover the liability of the wreckless financial sector , Mr. Blodget adds :
The second outrage is that , as in some of the U.S. bailouts , our bailout money is JUNIOR to Greece ’s existing debt .
That means that , over the next couple of years , the idiot banks that loaned bankrupt Greece money will get their money back .
And then , when Greece runs out of cash again , we ’ll be left holding the bag ( along with Germany and the rest of the folks who bailed Greece out ) .
In any normal financing , the lender of last resort would be SENIOR to all existing debt .
It would get its money back first , before the other idiots got a penny .
In the Greece bailout , however , the new money we ’re putting in will be going right out the door to pay off existing lenders who would have lost their shirts … .
( Why do n’t the existing creditors have to lose a penny ?
Same reason the A.I.G. creditors did n’t lose a penny .
Because it would apparently be too traumatic to ask them to do that .
The idea that the existing creditors might have to lose money was apparently so unthinkable that it was never even on the table ) .
I do n’t see people pointing to the giant gorilla in the room — that the hysteria over Greece being unbearably deep in the red has global effects because of the euro money monopoly over the nation - state .
The Europeans and Americans are just trying to save their asses over a short - term at the expense of Greek people .
This bailout does n’t even solve Greece ’s money problem , as R.A. points out at his Economist blog :
Aid to Greece has been generous , but it ’s not clear that it will address the underlying insolvency of the Greek government .
Forbearance worked in the case of the American financial system because banks could borrow cheaply from the government and then lend at a higher rate , thereby slowly recapitalising themselves .
The 5 % interest rate Greece is getting from Europe and the I.M.F. is much lower than market rates , but it ’s higher than Greece ’s expected growth rate .
The aid strategy has bought time , but it wo n’t save Greece unless growth surprises strongly to the upside .
Larry Elliot , economics editor at the London Guardian , notes the large problem with this bailout is that Greece can’t devalue its currency and lower interest rates to even stimulate short - term export - led growth because their currency is international .
This is why comparisons between a bailout of Greece are compared to one of the state of California .
All signs seems to be pointing to an inevitable second coming of the 2008 bailout related to the insurance fallout of this oil spill and a potential Wall Street crash from Greece ’s forced inability to economically rebound .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An unofficial cheese rolling race has been held in Gloucestershire after the annual event was cancelled because of safety concerns .
Around 30 people took part in the race , tumbling down a steep hill in pursuit of a local cheese .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian forces seized a hijacked Russian oil tanker from Somali pirates and rescued its crew in a helicopter - backed operation in the Gulf of Aden on Thursday that killed one of the pirates , authorities said .
A Moscow University oil tanker is seen at Kozmino port in the bay of Kozmino , about 100 km ( 62 miles ) east of Russia 's city of Vladivostok in this December 28 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Yuri Maltsev / Files
The 10 other pirates who captured the China - bound MV Moscow University with 23 - member crew and a cargo of crude oil worth $ 52 million surrendered and were taken to a nearby warship .
Investigators initially announced plans to bring the pirates to Moscow for prosecution , but later backtracked .
A spokeswoman for the Investigative Committee of the Prosecutor General ’s office said no final decision had been taken , but that they were unlikely to be brought to Moscow .
The rescue was a boost for the Kremlin , which has been seeking to revive Russia ’s naval muscle far from its shores despite limited resources .
President Dmitry Medvedev congratulated Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov in a televised meeting and ordered that all those involved receive medals for their part in the rescue .
“ It was accurate , professional and quick , ” Medvedev said .
The pirates opened fire on a helicopter dispatched from Russia ’s Marshal Shaposhnikov warship early on Thursday morning , Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Alexei Kuznetsov said in televised comments .
When the Russians returned fire from a heavy caliber machine gun , the pirates surrendered by radio and three groups of special forces boarded the ship to detain them .
“ Despite armed resistance from the pirates , we freed all the crew members , ” Kuznetsov said .
He said one pirate was killed and some of the 10 who were captured were injured .
The crew survived the 20 - hour siege by hiding in a safe room that was inaccessible to the hijackers , a spokeswoman for the tanker ’s owner , Novorossiysk Shipping Company , said .
Russia ’s Foreign Ministry said the tanker would most likely continue on its planned voyage to China .
Somali pirates have extorted tens of millions of dollars in ransoms from shipowners and insurers and are still able to seize ships despite the presence of an international fleet of warships in the busy shipping lanes linking Europe with Asia .
Somalia lacks the legal infrastructure to support trials , and captured pirates are often released because of disagreements over which country should try them .
Kenya and the Seychelles have prosecuted dozens of pirates handed over by foreign navies , but have both said they would have difficulties coping with the numbers if every seized pirate was placed in their hands .
Last month , the U.N. Security Council suggested creating special piracy courts to plug a gap in the world response to the costly attacks on merchant ships off Somalia ’s coast .
Medvedev said the international community was dragging its feet on the issue .
“ What exactly is the problem ?
We all know that it ’s an evil , and we ca n’t seem to agree on how to fight it , ” he said .
Russia has been sending warships to patrol and protect Russian crews and cargoes off the Horn of Africa since the hijacking of the Ukrainian - owned cargo ship MV Faina in 2008 and the death of its Russian captain .
The Faina was carrying a cargo of 33 battle tanks and other weapons .
Two Russian fishing vessels were hijacked in the early 2000s off Somalia , but Wednesday ’s attack was the first on a large Russian - owned merchant vessel , said Andrew Mwangura , who runs the East African Seafarers ’ Assistance Program .
Some oil tankers are sailing around southern Africa and further east into the Indian Ocean , away from Somalia ’s coastline , to avoid the Gulf of Aden and pirates who are striking deeper out at sea , shipping experts say .
According to a Digitimes Research Analyst , Apple might be working on a smaller version of the iPad with a 5 - to 7 - inch display and it might come to the market in first quarter of 2011 .
So if you felt that the iPad is a bit too big to fit in your bag , there might be some good news .
The iPad Mini will still not fit in your pant pocket !
And the price of this version is expected to be below $ 400 .
The analyst has been in talks with upstream component suppliers and says that this device will mainly target the eReader market .
Such a move by Apple would be possible , considering the huge price difference between the iPod touch device and the iPad .
There is a gap to fill and the iPad mini might just do that .
Looking at the evolution of the iPhone , it first started with the iPhone in June 2007 and after the 3G and 3GS models in subsequent years , the iPad was announced this January .
We might see the iPad mini in Jan 2011 .
Anybody excited about the iPad mini ?
US Canadian border By Digital3dRealm Watch
81 Favourites 34 Comments 1K Views
US & Canadian border point Port Huron
Mi this spot is where Thomas Edison grew up , His home was located right where I was standing for this picture , Prob was the best spot in town to build a home .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 3888x2592px 3.48 MB
Make Canon Model Canon EOS DIGITAL REBEL XTi Shutter Speed 1/1000 second Aperture F/ 5.6 Focal Length 18 mm ISO Speed 100 Date Taken May 15 , 2010 , 1:02:33 PM
Lens EF - S18 - 55 mm f/3.5-5.6 Show More
Published : May 15 , 2010
ATLANTA —
When government regulators here shut down Integrity Bank at the height of the recession , in August of 2008 , the bank was seen as just another failed lender that had overvalued the real estate market and collapsed .
But a federal indictment unsealed on Friday accused two former vice presidents at the bank of hastening its downfall by selling fraudulent loans to a hotel developer in exchange for bribes .
The two executives , Douglas Ballard and Joseph Todd Foster , were charged with conspiracy , insider trading and bank fraud , according to the indictment .
Mr. Ballard was also charged with bribery .
The developer , Guy Mitchell , who received $ 80 million in loans , was charged with conspiracy and bribery .
Founded on Christian principles in 2000 in an Atlanta suburb , Integrity used the motto “ In God We Trust . ”
The bank gave customers free Bibles , and employees prayed together at meetings .
Onetime investors included a Georgia state senator and the former CNN host Lou Dobbs .
Environmental issues have been on my mind of late .
From being stranded in Tokyo by the Eyjafjallajoekull ash plume , to the Deepwater Horizon disaster unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico , to the vexed issue of anthropogenic climate change , it 's hard to ignore .
And so are the human sociological side - effects as we all try to grapple with how best to respond to these issues .
I think it 's significant that there 's no consensus on the larger - scale significance of environmental threats ; indeed , our responses are severely polarized , as if these are debatable matters of opinion rather than ones with quantifiable facts attached .
Eyjafjallajoekull can potentially continue to erupt for years , massively disrupting long haul travel across the North Atlantic ( especially if Katla follows its historic behaviour pattern and blows up after the smaller Eyjafjallajoekull eruption ) .
But there 's a tension between the two available responses — look for alternatives to lots of people and cargo flying through the affected air corridors , or change the tolerated level of atmospheric particles through which flight is permitted — and partisans of one approach or the other seem loath to discuss compromise .
In the case of the Gulf spill , there 's Drill , baby , drill , versus calls for increased regulation and steps to decrease reliance on energy sources that add carbon to the atmosphere .
And in the case of AGW , there are not merely arguments over the degree to which climate change is anthropic in origin , but a loud body of contrarians ( including a large number of astroturf shills bankrolled by the oil and coal industry ) who want us to believe that no climate change is occuring , or that any climatological variation is entirely natural and there 's nothing to be done about it .
I think a large part of the problem is that messages about environmental change and how to deal with it are frequently delivered not merely in unvarnished and unpleasant terms — but in a manner guaranteed to encourage an anti-environmentalist backlash , due to our in - built cognitive biases .
And backlash there is , by the ton .
Cognitive biases cut both ways — firstly , among the environmentaly aware , and secondly , among the broader population when environmentalist messages are received .
Let 's take the environmentalist side first .
A large subset who believe that consumer capitalism is incompatible with long - term human survival .
For their purposes , consumer capitalism is an unchanging and unmodifiable whirl of resource extraction trapped in a positive feedback loop such that increasing economic activity and prosperity can only be maintained by increasing the rate of resource extraction and the resulting polution and production of waste .
We 've known in general outline about the limits on this mode of capitalism since the 1972 Club of Rome report ; we live on a finite planet with a fixed resource base , our numbers are expanding , so delivering an increased standard of living to an increasing population appears to require a geometrically increasing rate of consumption of those finite resources .
When they are exhausted , we hit the buffers : everything collapses .
Right ?
Fortunately , capitalism does n't work like that .
Firstly , there are physical limits to demand for a large range of physical products .
Demand for most physical goods is n't infinite — but increasing demand from a very low base tends to follow a sigmoid curve , and from a distance , the first half of a sigmoid demand curve looks like an exponential function .
Environmental critiques of capitalism tend to focus on the supply , not on demand .
Worse , they tend to ignore the labour theory of value .
They also ignore intellectual property .
This should n't be surprising .
An IP - based economy can exhibit growth unconstrained by the supply of raw materials ( and , in principle , barely constrained by energy ) ; the main constraint on it is labour .
It 's a no- brainer to say that we need to reduce or stop the exploitation of finite resources , and that unregulated capitalism is very dangerous .
But it 's a long leap from these positions to conclude that we need to abandon a growth based economy entirely .
The economy can grow indefinitely without immediate environmental impact , as long as the growth takes place in sectors that do n't demand energy or raw materials , such as intellectual property and personal services .
Back to those cognitive biases ....
Most of us , at a deep gut level , have n't quite gotten used to the fact that in the past century we have stopped living in rural agricultural societies where 50 - 90 % of the population had to work the land in order to eat .
( Never mind that we no longer live in an industrial society where 50 % of the work force laboured in factories . )
We still use the past societies we and our parents grew up in as a frame for evaluating the performance of our corner of the global economy .
Consequently , when the core environmental message ( that we need to reduce consumption of finite natural resources ) is reformulated by people who share this background with the rest of us , the result is typically a message that we need to reduce economic growth .
That 's when the second cognitive bias hits , the one on the receiving side .
We have been trained to associate economic growth with improvements in our personal well - being .
( More food , more living space , a bigger car : holidays in the sun . )
Those at the bottom of the economic wealth distribution curve receive the message " we need to reduce economic growth " and interpret it as " you 're never going to get your fair share of the pie " .
And when those at the top of the heap hear it , they interpret it as " your share of the pie is too big , so we 're going to take a chunk of it away " .
The upshot is that much environmentalist rhetoric frames an important signal ( limited resources and / or the danger of pollution ) in terms of a faulty or obsolete economic model to produce a warning message that offends most of the people it 's meant to convince by implicitly threatening their perception of their future status .
There 's a deeply embedded piece of primate behaviour , common to almost all of us : when someone shoves you , you shove right back .
If you 're being hammered with an unacceptable instruction , a very common response is denial or argument .
And the louder the instruction is repeated , the more extreme the reaction .
For fifty years now we 've been hearing warnings about pollution and resource depletion ; for thirty years , about AGW and atmospheric carbon dioxide .
Because these messages are interpreted as carrying an unpalatable payload ( stop flying , stop driving , consume less , repent , sinner ! ) people stop listening and shove back , hard ( drill , baby , drill ! ) .
The solution should be fairly clear , and I 'm probably displaying my own cognitive biases when I say that giving up on the environment is n't an option .
But if action to reduce environmental impact is desirable , then it needs to be framed in terms that do n't threaten the intended audience , but promise rewards for behavioural change .
Instead of us all consuming less , we 're going to consume differently and make huge profits off environmental energy .
Instead of being punished for dumping waste , we 're going to make money from recycling .
Played right , a shift to a sustainable economy should see a net increase in wealth because the wealth - producing activities shift with the demand for sustainability .
Hair shirt puritanism is not only unnecessary ; it 's positively damaging to our future , and I wish the greens would drop it right now .
Miami New Times listened in on a speakerphone call between anti-gay Christian leader George Alan Rekers and the " rent boy " ( here identified as Lucien ) who accompanied him on his vacation :
" During that talk — which took place at about 1 a.m. Thursday in a Fort Lauderdale home — Rekers told Lucien several times not to talk to the press .
He also never challenged two statements by Lucien : 1 ) that the minister had found the 20 - year - old escort on an internet site , and 2 ) that they ' did the whole massage thing , ' referring to Lucien 's contention that he gave Rekers nude massages during their two - week trip to Europe . "
Part of their story :
Rekers assured that if the escort just remained silent , the whole story would soon die down .
He began muttering darkly about " activists with an axe to grind " and " nothing better to do . "
Lucien suggested that perhaps " the media " had a point and that Rekers really had done harm to the gay community .
He insisted that Rekers ' struggle was n't his , and said he had considered making a statement to the press .
" Well , do n't do that , " said Rekers .
" It just causes more harm . "
" What was going through your mind when you went on that website ? " demanded Lucien , referring to rentboy.com , the gay escort site where he had posted his profile .
Rekers paused for several seconds , considering .
" Well , I 'd be happy to sit down and talk to you more about that . "
He paused again .
" We have to deal with the situation that we have , and make sure it does n't get worse . "
" Sometimes I feel like I should just tell [ the press ] what happened on the trip . "
" No , " said Rekers quickly , " Please do n't do that .
Please do n't let them pressure you into it . "
" But I 'm getting pressured out of the gay community ! " Lucien was fairly screaming now .
" If I ever wanted to be with someone — it would n't work out !
This is my fucking name ! "
After some cross-talk , Rekers tried to calm Lucien down : " I 've been through things like this in the past – "
Lucien cut him off : " Well I have n't !
I 'm 20 years old !
If you 've been through this , you should n't have gone to that website , you should n't have hired me — why did you make so many choices [ for me ] ? "
The conversation was too sad , by then , and we could n't bear to follow it .
Apparent simplicity is a precarious thing .
Iced coffee seems like it should be a cinch — just throw some strong brew on the rocks and you ’re good to go .
But coffee is a fragile potion , sensitive to brewing techniques and extreme temperatures .
As a result , iced coffee is often acrid , sour , flat or disappointingly weak .
Happily , these pitfalls can be avoided with a little practice and attention to detail .
Here ’s how .
Hot or Not ?
Iced coffee aficionados are divided into two camps , each rallying around a different brewing method : hot or cold .
Fans of hot - brewed iced coffee swear by the tea - like aromas and flavors displayed in brew that ’s made with boiling water and immediately filtered through ice .
Meanwhile , disciples of cold brew — in which coffee grounds are steeped in room - temperature water for 12 hours or more — favor its minimal acidity and natural sweetness .
“ It ’s all about capturing the fruit [ notes ] and aromas and keeping it sunny - tasting and light , ” says Peter Giuliano , co-owner and director of coffee at North Carolina - based roaster Counter Culture Coffee , who has popularized hot - brewed , or “ Japanese method , ” iced coffee among some foodies and coffee pros .
In this method , coffee grounds are placed in a pour - over filter basket on top of an ice - filled glass or carafe .
Hot water is poured over the grounds and the brewed coffee travels through the filter and directly onto the ice , so that it cools instantly .
The amount of ice is figured into the overall water content of the brew , to ensure a result that ’s not watered down .
That nearly instantaneous cooling is key to preserving the coffee ’s integrity , picking up its natural acidity , which is the source of its most delicate , floral flavors .
That ’s in contrast to most iced coffee preparations , where regular - strength hot coffee is left to sit for several minutes or even hours and then poured unceremoniously over ice , creating a brew that at its worst is sour and , at best , flimsy and unremarkable .
“ Coffee prepared [ in the Japanese tradition ] changes the way people think about iced coffee , ” Giuliano says .
He recalls how he first observed Japanese aisu kohii during a visit to Japan and eventually learned the method from Hidetaka Hayashi of the Hayashi Coffee Institute in Tokyo .
He found that Japanese iced coffee , with its pronounced citrus flavors and aromas , is a more refreshing beverage , like Assam or Earl Grey tea with a squeeze of lemon .
In the afternoons , one of his Japanese hosts would pair a tall glass of iced coffee with strawberry shortcake .
“ It changed my perspective .
I love a glass of [ iced ] coffee with a bacon , lettuce and tomato sandwich — homegrown tomatoes and North Carolina hickory - smoked bacon . ”
The hot - brewed Japanese method is all about good acids .
Proponents like Giuliano and Tony Dreyfuss , co-owner of Metropolis Coffee in Chicago , pass up cold - brewed or “ cold - steeped ” iced coffee precisely because of its low - acid rep .
“ I like hot brew because I really like acidity , ” Dreyfuss says .
“ Cold brew seems to be pretty monochromatic in flavor — all bass and no soprano . ”
But some see cold brew ’s minimal acidity as a prime selling point .
“ It ’s gentler on the stomach and it tastes mellow , chocolaty and nutty , ” says Scott Rao , author of The Professional Barista ’s Handbook : An Expert ’s Guide to Preparing Espresso , Coffee , and Tea and founder of Rao ’s Coffee and Esselon Café in western Massachusetts .
That smooth , sweet quality has won a lot of people over .
Some coffeehouses proudly advertise that they sell cold - brewed iced coffee and , while it can be made at home with a mason jar and a fine sieve , or even a French press , companies like Toddy Products and Filtron manufacture home - brewing systems specifically designed for cold - steeping .
The process creates a coffee concentrate that ’s lengthened with more water or milk before serving , similar to New Orleans - style iced coffee .
The makers of the Toddy system , which was developed in the ’60s , claim that cold - brewed coffee has 67 percent less acid than hot - brewed coffee .
Others like it because it avoids the risky business of pairing hot coffee with ice .
“ I use [ cold brew ] for iced coffee because the chlorogenic acid in hot coffee breaks down to form quinic and caffeic acids as the coffee cools , causing the coffee to taste sour , ” Rao says .
But considering that hot - brewed iced coffee can be anything but sour if it ’s made right , the battle of cold brew versus hot brew might be merely a clash of tastes .
To find out which method you prefer , follow our instructions for preparing coffee both ways and let your palate be your guide .
The Right Roast
Because the Japanese method highlights a coffee ’s top notes — the bouquet of fruity , citrusy , floral flavors and aromatics that decorate the best coffees — Giuliano likes to use the most fruited , flowery African coffees like jasmine - noted Yirgacheffe and berry - toned Kenyan beans , which tend to be lightly roasted , allowing their natural qualities to shine through .
“ The best coffees for this method are those with a pronounced acidity and aroma , ” he says , because they produce the most showy flavors .
Bright , light - roasted Latin American coffees can also shine .
For cold - brewed iced coffee , Rao recommends a slightly darker full city roast , which tends to be fuller - bodied and sweeter than dark , toasty French or Italian roasts .
Look for beans that are naturally rich , chocolaty and nutty , from Central American origins like Panama and Honduras .
No matter the origin of the beans or the level of the roast , there ’s one thing both camps agree on : iced coffee should be brewed strong enough to hold up to the added ice , and it should be filtered well to keep grounds out of the picture .
Giuliano recommends the light test : “ A great glass of iced coffee should be inky black , showing a crystal clear chestnut color if held up to the light . ”
How - To : Hot -Brewed Iced Coffee ( Japanese Method )
This pour - over method produces a sunny , flavorful glass of iced coffee .
The magic of this method , adapted from the Japanese by Counter Culture ’s Giuliano , is that the coffee brews directly onto the ice , cooling instantly and preserving the best flavors the beans have to offer .
You can make your own setup using a $ 5 pour - over filter basket and a carafe or jar , or use a pour - over brewing system like Chemex or the Bodum Kona .
This recipe can be adapted to make just a serving or two at a time , dripping directly into ice - filled glasses .
Ingredients : 4.25 oz. ( 1 1/2 cups ) medium - fine coffee grounds ; enough ice cubes to fill about three fourths of a 64 - oz.
carafe ( 1 standard ice cube tray ) ; at least 32 oz . ( 4 cups ) of boiling water
Tools : 64 - oz. ( 8 - cup ) carafe ; pour - over filter basket and filter ; kettle or another source of boiling water with a capacity of at least 32 oz , ; ice - filled tall glasses
Servings : 8–12
1. Transfer ice cubes from a standard - size freezer tray into the carafe , loosely filling about three fourths of the carafe .
2 . Place filter basket on top of the carafe .
Place a filter inside the basket .
Fill with 4 1/4 oz. ( 1 1/2 cups ) of medium - fine ground coffee .
3 . Pour boiling water slowly over grounds in a circular motion , just enough to wet the grounds , then stop .
Wait about 20 seconds , then continue to pour boiling water slowly over the grounds , watching the brewed coffee as it drips into the carafe and melts the ice .
You may need to pause pouring occasionally when filtering slows .
When the level of the brewed coffee and ice nears 64 oz. , pause as needed , stopping brewing when the total output reaches 64 ounces , including ice .
The brewing and filtering process should take about 2 to 3 minutes .
4 . Pour the brewed coffee into ice - filled tall glasses .
Drink it black or add milk , cream or simple syrup to taste .
Cover the carafe and refrigerate any unused portion for up to 24 hours .
Note :
If the iced coffee is too strong for your taste , you can dilute it by adding cold water to the carafe or to your glass .
If the iced coffee is not as strong as you like it , use more grounds next time or play with the coarseness of the grind , using more finely ground beans .
( Do n’t use too fine a grind , or the coffee might taste bitter .
It should n’t take longer than 3 minutes for the water to filter through the grounds . )
How - To : Cold - Brewed Iced Coffee
This method requires some planning — it needs to steep for 12 hours — but fans of the smooth , nutty brew it creates say it ’s worth the wait .
The Toddy or Filtron brand cold - brewing systems makes this style of iced coffee a cinch , and you can also make it easily in a French press pot , steeping the grounds for at least 12 hours before pressing down the filter .
Toddy and Filtron provide their own nearly identical instructions for cold brewing .
These instructions , adapted from Scott Rao ’s recipe , do n’t require a special brewer , just standard kitchen tools .
Adjust the measurements to fit your own equipment , or follow the instructions provided by your brewer ’s manufacturer .
Ingredients : 1 lb. coarse coffee grounds ( about 5 1/2 cups ) ; 64 oz . ( 8 cups ) room - temperature water ; long - handled spoon , 1 gallon of cold water , milk or cream
Tools : 1 - gallon jar , bowl or bucket , for brewing ; very fine sieve , permanent coffee filter or several layers of cheesecloth , 48 - oz .
carafe ; ice - filled tall glasses
Servings : 10–16
1 . Place grounds in a 1 - gallon brewing container ( jar , bowl , bucket or a French press , Toddy or Filtron brewer ) .
2. Slowly pour 64 oz . of room - temperature water over the grounds , then stir with a long - handled spoon .
3 . Let steep at room temperature for 12 to 16 hours , stirring occasionally .
4 . After 12 to 16 hours , filter the coffee concentrate into a 48 - oz.
carafe using a very fine sieve , permanent coffee filter or several layers of cheesecloth .
( If you ’re using a French press , Toddy or Filtron , use the filter provided with your equipment . )
5 . Pour the coffee concentrate into ice - filled tall glasses , diluting it with cold water , milk or cream to taste , taking into account the dilution that will come from the ice as it melts ( Scott suggests starting with a coffee - to - water ratio of 1:2 , then diluting further to taste ) .
Cover the carafe and store unused coffee concentrate in the refrigerator for up to 10 days .
How - To : Vietnamese Iced Coffee
This sweet , creamy coffee tastes like coffee ice cream .
A guilty pleasure , maybe , but a mighty fine summer tonic nonetheless .
In balmy Vietnam , it ’s called cà phê sữa đá .
Look for the cute , stout brewers at Vietnamese markets .
Ingredients : 2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk ; 4 teaspoons medium - fine coffee grounds ; 6 oz .
boiling water ; several ice cubes
Tools : stainless steel Vietnamese coffee brewer ( $ 4 –$ 5 at Vietnamese markets ) ; tall glass
Servings : 1
1 . Pour 2 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk into a tall , ice - filled glass .
2 . Place the brewer on top of the glass and put 4 teaspoons medium - fine coffee grounds in the brewer .
3 . Set the filter plate in place , so that it sits loosely on top of the grounds .
Tighten it slightly by turning it .
4 . Pour boiling water over the filter plate to fill about one fourth of the brewer .
Wait 20 to 30 seconds .
If coffee streams out into the glass , the filter plate is too loose and needs to be tightened .
Pour more hot water to fill the brewer .
Cover with the brewer lid .
Coffee should drip slowly onto the ice , with the entire brewing process lasting about 3 to 4 minutes .
5 . After coffee has brewed , remove the brewer and stir the coffee drink .
Gabrielsson says she does n’t care about money .
She told me that all she wanted was her share of the apartment and control over Larsson ’s literary estate , which she would administer in return for a small percentage of the royalties .
The father and brother were in no position to know what he would have wished , she added , and already serious mistakes have been made .
Gabrielsson says , for example , that Christopher MacLehose , a legendary editor and publisher who acquired the books in England and gave them their catchy titles , needlessly prettified the translation .
The translator , Steven T. Murray , says that he feels the same way ; he was so upset by MacLehose ’s tinkering that he asked that his name be removed and a pseudonym be used instead .
MacLehose pointed out to me that the translations were commissioned by the Swedish film company and were originally intended not for publication but to aid an English - speaking screenwriter whom the producers were hoping to hire , and for that reason they were done with unusual speed .
All he did , he said , was polish and tighten them up a bit , the way he might with any translation .
Image Larsson on assignment in Hong Kong in 1987 .
Credit ...
Per Jarl / Scanpix / Sipa Press
Gabrielsson is also furious that Norstedts changed the name of one of the characters — the doctor who treats Salander in the third volume — from Anders Jakobsson to Anders Jonasson .
Larsson frequently used the names of real people , and Jakobsson , a surgeon in Gothenburg , was a friend of his .
But after Jakobsson and Erland got into an argument over how Gabrielsson was being treated , Erland demanded that Jakobsson ’s name be removed .
THE LARSSONS SEEM unlikely to give up any control of the literary rights — they kept insisting to me that these rights are not transferable — and in any event many of the important decisions have already been made .
Some people have suggested that Joakim and Erland were taken advantage of and should have negotiated a better deal with Norstedts and the film company after it became clear just how much money the Millennium franchise was worth .
Gabrielsson considers herself a shrewd businessperson .
But at the same time , she has an odd , moralistic view of the books , which she seems to regard not as entertainment so much as didactic tracts .
Larsson was able to write the books so quickly , she told me , because he felt “ deep frustration and rage that things were sliding ever more downward , ” and she added that the worldwide success of the books was in some ways unfortunate , because it seemed to reflect that corruption and abuse of power was a problem everywhere , not just in Sweden .
As for the novel on the laptop , she said she hoped that it would never be published .
“ They have made enough money , which is their main objective , ” she said , referring to the Larssons .
But the manuscript is her only bargaining chip , and she may be in the best position to know what needs to be done to make the text publishable .
John - Henri Holmberg has guessed that because of the way Larsson wrote , often working on more than one book at a time , there may be a fair amount of outline and even actual text for a fifth book and possibly a sixth .
The computer files are an enormously valuable property , because of readers ’ appetites for more Larsson and because , as Scott Rudin suggested to me , of the movie potential .
At the moment , film producers have rights to only the three published novels .
A new contract could conceivably liberate Blomkvist and Salander from books altogether and allow them , like James Bond , to go on having movie adventures indefinitely .
I met Larsson ’s father and brother at a brand - new office suite they have rented in Umea .
There were a couple of desks and computers , some Millennium movie posters waiting to be hung and a shelf of awards that the books won from various mystery writers ’ groups .
Joakim Larsson , who worked for 22 years as an accountant at Ernst & Young before quitting to look after Stieg ’s estate , looks a little like his brother and has some of the same conciliatory personality that enabled Stieg to listen patiently on the phone when right - wingers called up to rant at him .
Erland , who is now 74 , is sharper - tongued and more forceful .
Practically the first thing he said to me , in his direct , Norrlander fashion , was that he did n’t understand why it took Gabrielsson so long to pull herself together .
Both he and Joakim lost spouses , he pointed out , and they had soldiered on .
“ Eva Gabrielsson is very peculiar , ” he added .
“ People say she was that way even as a child .
She is n’t like everyone else . ”
There is some family history , it turns out .
Years ago , Erland says , he lent some money to Gabrielsson ’s father so he could pay the taxes on some land he owned .
In return , he was given lifetime use of a Gabrielsson summer cottage .
At this point Gabrielsson and the Larssons can’t even agree on things like whether she was told when the books were officially being published or whether she was properly invited to the movie premiere .
But the Larssons ’ position on the estate is straightforward : the law is the law , and they ca n’t change it ; and it ’s fitting , they say , that any money left over in the next generation should go to Joakim ’s two children and not Eva ’s sister ’s .
Joakim and Erland also insist that there is a will of sorts : a letter Stieg wrote before leaving for Africa in 1977 and sealed in an envelope marked : “ Contains my will .
Do not open before I die . ”
This document was never witnessed and has no legal validity , which is probably just as well , because it leaves everything to the Socialist Party in Umea .
But the Larssons see the letter as a partial clue to Stieg ’s intentions .
“ He had 25 years to change it , ” Joakim said .
He added that he advised Stieg to get married , saying it was the “ common - sense thing to do , ” and that his brother made fun of him .
Later , when the book contract was signed , he said , he kept urging Stieg to make a will until his brother became irritated .
( Newser ) – A Chinese chef with possibly the worst friends in the world died after a live eel shoved up his rectum as a prank when he was passed out drunk gnawed through his guts .
Doctors mystified by the man 's abdominal pain and anal bleeding cut him open and were astonished to find the 20 - inch eel , which had died but not before doing considerable damages to his insides , Shanghaiist reports .
The patient died after 10 days in intensive care .
Police are investigating , and the " friends " are likely to face charges .
( Read more China stories . )
RIGHT ON CUE , MCCAIN STARTS COMPLAINING ….
Faisal Shahzad was taken into custody late last night , suspected of being responsible for the failed car bombing in Times Square over the weekend .
Shahzad , a naturalized American citizen who lives in Connecticut , is at the center of what appears to be a larger international investigation .
It was only a matter of time before leaders of the Clown Caucus weighed in on the subject .
It would have been a serious mistake to have read the suspect in the attempted Times Square car bombing his Miranda rights , Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) said Tuesday .
McCain , the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and a longtime leading Republican on national security issues , said he expected the suspect in the case could face charges that might warrant a death sentence if convicted .
“ Obviously that would be a serious mistake until all the information is gathered , ” McCain said during an appearance on “ Imus in the Morning ” when asked whether the suspect , 30 - year - old Faisal Shahzad , a naturalized American citizen from Pakistan [ should be read his rights ] .
I predicted this a couple of hours ago , but then again , it was a pretty obvious guess .
Look , I know McCain ’s in a tough primary and has to prove himself to the far - right , but this Miranda - related demagoguery is growing stale .
Najibullah Zazi was Mirandized , and the entire case went beautifully .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was Mirandized , and the results have been excellent .
When shoe bomber Richard Reid was taken into custody , the Bush / Cheney administration read him his rights five minutes after he was taken off the plane he tried to blow up , and McCain never said a word .
It ’s been standard practice , especially with American citizens upon their arrest , for years — spanning administrations of both parties .
Ca n’t McCain just let the grown - ups do what they do without offering suggestions from the peanut gallery ?
The Joint Terrorism Task Force caught the suspect 48 hours after the attempted bombing ; the frequently - confused Arizonan should probably trust them to know how best to proceed .
yes .
i recently watched my alien - quadrilogy box again .
facehuggers are cool .
* wants one * and the movies are fun . ( those chestburster - critters still scare the hell out of me .
*... wants one of those as well * ) ( and mercy please , i drew that facehugger out of memory . )
Facehugger ( c ) Ridley Scott , Giger and all those who worked on that awesome classic / 20th Century Foxand here , the sequel :
Index of Questions
The first censuses counted the population and provided information on population by county .
In 1790 , the census also categorized white males by age : those under age 16 and those age 16 and older .
Over the years , Congress has authorized additional questions , enabling us to better understand the nation 's inhabitants and their activities and needs .
In fact , one of the nation 's founders , James Madison , suggested that the census takers ask additional questions that would help lawmakers better understand the needs of the nation .
For example , the 1810 Census also collected economic data ( on the quantity and value of manufactured goods ) .
In 1850 , the census began collecting " social statistics " ( information about taxes , education , crime , and value of estate , etc. ) and mortality data .
In 1940 , additional questions were asked of a sample of the population , including questions on internal migration , veteran status , and the number of children ever born to women .
These questions helped society understand the impact of the Great Depression .
Through the decades , the census has collected data on race , ancestry , education , health , housing , and transportation .
An examination of the questions asked during each census illustrates changes in our nation 's understanding of race , the impact of immigration , growth of the Hispanic population , and computer usage .
As a result of the census 's evolution , the constitutionally mandated census has grown to provide important information about the U.S. population and its housing .
Coupled with data from the economic and government censuses and demographic and economic surveys , the U.S. Census Bureau provides governments , scholars , planners , businesses , and individuals the data they need to build schools , plan highways , open businesses , and distribute the billions of dollars in federal spending that sustains a growing population .
Need help with a Medical Malpractice issue ?
You 've come to the right place .
If you ( or a loved one ) suffered an injury based on a bad diagnosis , botched surgery , doctor fraud , prescription error , or breach of doctor - patient confidentiality , a medical malpractice lawyer can help .
Medical malpractice lawyers may also defend you if you are a medical professional who was sued for malpractice .
Use FindLaw to hire a local medical malpractice lawyer near you to represent you in your medical malpractice dispute .
Songs in Klingon
This is a page for Klingon music ( and lyrics ) .
I ’m collecting all material that I can get a hold of , so you have the lyrics to a song ( any song ) in this harsh language why not send it to me for inclusion here ?
I would also like to make recordings of the songs available here , so that you may hear the melody .
It wo n’t be high quality recordings ( that would eat to many kilobytes ) and most likely they wo n’t be all that fancy either .
Maybe just one unaccompanied voice to get the melody across .
If you have such a recording , or if you ’re willing to make one , then send it to me !
The summer of 2001 , when I went to my second qep­ ’a ’ ( this time in Brussels ) , I learned that there really are quite a few more songs around in Klingon than I previously thought .
So , I made a list of songs that got to know the name of so that I would know the name of my prey and be able to hunt down the lyrics a bit easier .
This is my list :
Subscribe by RSS , or on Twitter , or by email or on Facebook or on Tumblr
Last year , I put together a transcript of Everything Tracy Jordan Said in Season 3 of 30 Rock .
You guys liked it and I subsequently put together Everything Hurley Said , Everything Sawyer Said , Everything Locke Said , Everything Don Draper Said , and a the first two seasons of Everything Tracy Jordan Said .
Here is Season 4 .
This season , Tracy Jordan had a few great lines , specifically in Episodes 18 and 21 .
As always , these are ALL of Tracy Jordan ’s lines from Season 4 .
If you ’re looking for a best of list or this is n’t your thing , there ’s plenty of other internet out there for you .
It ’s going to take a second to get through , so be careful if you have stuff to do today .
Episode 1
- I ca n’t eat this , I ’m a foodie .
- Well , before I made it in the stand up , I was a bucket drummer in the subway .
- Oh , yeah ?
Then how come I got sued for sexual harassment at it ?
- You know how on St. Bart ’s people be eating their lobster like this ?
Nyoooom , nyoooom , nyoooom , nyoooom .
- Do n’t look at me in the eyes .
- Have I lost touch with my roots ?
I better talk to Rabbi Schmuli about this .
- I blame you and Dotcom .
You have built a protective shell around me like a hermit crab or a mermaid booby .
And now I ’ve touch with the common man .
Ehhhh .
Who ’s that ?
- Oh , hey , guy .
Come on in .
So Rolly , where you from ?
- Right on , my brother .
My dear friend Moby opened up a tea house in Park Slope .
Does he know you ?
- Hey , Rolly , you ever lose your remote control ?
- And then your wife start getting all mad because the roof wo n’t close and the bed that ’s in the shape of your face is getting rained on ?
Hahaha .
I like you , Rolly .
Can I feel the rough skin on your hands ?
- What do you mean that was weird ?
You sheltered me too much !
I ’m going out on the street and I do n’t want nobody to follow me .
Nobody .
Uhmm .
Which one is the elevator I ’m not afraid of ?
RIGHT .
- Kenneth , how do I get out of this building ?!
- Hello ?
- Hello , is anyone there ?
I ’m in a sort of tunnel and I see a man with a blue uniform .
I think he ’s a friend .
Oh , never mind , there ’s a door .
Oh , it ’s sunny !
- Hello , fellow human being .
Would you like to ask me what time it is ?
- Are you a large child or a small adult ?
- You look regular , could I get your name ?
Is it Pedro ?
Is it Creckford ?
Is it Swimming ?
- Are you a pre-op transcentaur ?
- Excuse me , do you have change for a $ 10,000 bill ?
- I would like some chicken nuggets , a beer , and some of my wife ’s rice , to stay .
- Excuse me , sir , do you want to hold hands with a black millionaire ?
- Does anyone want to be my friend ?
- I ’m normal !
- It ’s going super great , Dotcom .
Meet my new friends , Nobody .
And his wife Susan Walters Hyphen Nobody .
I ’m so far from my roots , I do n’t think I ’ll ever get back .
- What ’s that sound ?
Bucket drummers !
- These .
These are my people .
Bucket drummers , if you ’re striking , so am I .
Two - four - six - eight - ten - twelve - fourteen - sixteen - eighteen .
- New what ?
If it ’s a blonde woman , I ’m a kill myself !
Episode 2
- Liz Lemon , you booger face .
I ’m going to kill you with a bazooka .
- I bought my wife that dumb book of yours and the more Angie reads it , the madder she gets at me .
- No , it ’s off me .
A book has n’t caused me this much trouble since Where ’s Waldo went to that barber factory .
It ’s on you , Liz Lemon , and you will be punished .
- Congratulations , Liz Lemon , now Angie wants a break .
So instead of going to a hotel or my hotel , which I can not find , I ’m staying with the woman that started this problem in the first place .
- Oh , yeah .
There ’s a garbage bag in the hallway with a reef shark in it .
Just put him in the tub with a reef .
What ’s for dinner tonight ?
I want pierogies .
- Tracy and Liz ’s residence .
Tracy speaking .
- It ’s Jenna , from work .
- Too soon .
- What ’s wrong , roomie ?
- Hahahah .
- Hahahah
- Hahahaha
- Hahahah .
- Tracy and Liz’s .
Tracy speaking
- Now that we ’re all up , do you want to talk about the elephant in the room ?
- I mean the figurative elephant .
Liz , I been reading your book .
Now I see why Angie ’s mad at me .
‘ If your man has seven cell phones , but wo n’t give you any of the numbers , that ’s a deal breaker .
If your man has a diamond necklace that says , ‘ Open Marriage ’ , that ’s a deal breaker . ’
Liz Lemon .
Every little thing I ’ve done is in here .
You used me to write your book !
- You stole my life , and you ’re gonna pay for it .
- I ’ll take all of them .
- She does n’t like to refill the Brita .
- And I will take the top half , for that is the half with the face .
- Something humiliating .
- Thank you , Jack .
- I ’m willing to go splittsies .
- That ’s a pun on Amadeus , dummy .
I will not be judged by you .
You caused this whole Pharaoh .
Until you are adequately debased , you will subsidize my predilection for erotica .
And , oh yeah , I used your credit card to buy an vocabulary course from the teaching company .
- Affirmative .
- Everyone settle .
And action !
- And cut !
This is disgusting .
Shut it down .
Episode 3
- I will eat a bowl of cherries and some ghost meat in his honor .
- Orange and black decorations .
Is this Halloween or Princeton Parent ’s Weekend ?
I do n’t know whether to be scared or proud of my cousin .
- Proud it is .
- He ’s in Cabo ?
- What do you mean ?
- Yeah , right .
That ’s not a real thing .
- This is gonna be the scariest Princeton Parent ’s Weekend ever !
- Jack , you have to help me .
I ’m gonna die any minute .
- Celebrities , they always die in groups of three .
Two already died and I might be the next to go .
- I gotta go somewhere where nothing will happen to me .
Can you get me on Charlie Rose ?
- Keep refreshing , maybe Andy Dick has died in the last 20 seconds .
- No , I have to take matters into my own hands .
Boo !
- Hey , Betty .
It ’s TJ .
- So how you feeling ?
Any arm pain , shortness of breath , plans to investigate corruption in Russia .
- Umm , no .
- You look clean .
You a celebrity ?
- No , celebrity .
- Perfect , I ’ll show you the shortcut .
- Yes , Queen Latifah ’s friend .
I ’m sure .
- I ’m sorry , Ken , but I want to live .
- Ahhhh .
- I can ’t .
I do n’t wanna die .
- What ’s wrong , Ken ?
That hatchet is n’t real , is it ?
- That ’s three !
Tell my wife I went to Philadelphia on business !
Yeah ha !
Subscribe by RSS , or on Twitter , or by email or on Facebook or on Tumblr
Episode 4
- Jennifer M . Why are you so worked up ?
- Nothing ’s gonna change .
They ’re gonna hire some skinny white guy .
How is that a threat ?
You ’ll do your lady characters and I ’ll get on stage and people will laugh even when I forget my , um , myâ€¦line ?
- Lines .
- Oh , yeah , I forgot , Dotcom , you know everything about acting because you played a bird in some stupid school play , hahahahaha .
Hahahah .
- Where ?
- He ’s Evil Tracy ?
Oh , he ’s evil comma Tracy .
Go on .
- Dotcom ?
Oh no .
I once saw that guy BECOME Trigorin at the Wesleyan Art Space .
That guy is good .
I ca n’t compete with him .
- OK , let ’s go .
- I repeat .
All funny gays into the car .
- We need the funniest fool to step forward .
- That ’ll work .
- And this is a reimbursement form for my gas .
I drove a million miles .
- Paranoia !
Where ?
- Was describing your sandwich necessary to our understanding of what happened ?
- Tell me more .
- And that freaks people out , huh ?
This is a learning and friendship adventure .
- Hey , Dotcom .
Nice to meet you .
- Who , Brian Williams ?
- My two cents , I liked the janitor .
Episode 5
- Hey , Jackie D. I hope the new dude is n’t hard to work with like some people I know .
- Liz Lemon , you are blowing up like a balloon with a grenade in it .
- When I first got big , I made bad business decisions , too .
Which is how I stuck having to plug Wade Boggs Carpet World 5 times whenever I appear on screen .
- Wade Boggs Carpet World .
Wade Boggs Carpet World .
Wade Boggs Carpet World .
- He knows your special like a black stripper with blue eyes .
You have to test the marketplace .
- And one last piece of advice , Liz Lemon , from someone who has been on this side of the business for a long time .
Wade Boggs Carpet World .
- From now on , I shall call us the Problem Solvers .
- Yo , Ken , do you have a problem that needs solving ?
- Always have been , always will be .
- It ’s not about the room , Danny .
It ’s about the man .
Any room around here you see with a door , you make it your bathroom .
- Ken , you do n’t want to be a page forever .
- What ?
No , I mean , what ’s your dream job ?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years ?
- So , someday you could be my boss .
- No , I ’ll brush my own teeth .
Now I do n’t want you to have any resentments towards me .
From now on , I do n’t want you to do anything for me .
- Hey , Jackie D. What ’s wrong ?
You ’re not your usual giggly self .
- Just to be safe , let ’s do both .
- You ’re not really capturing the sexual energy of it , but that was the message .
- Well , I could introduce you to my boy , Scotty Shofar .
- Hell , yeah .
I ’m a frequent guest of sports shouting .
- Ahhhhhhhhh .
- Nah , introducing you to Scotty probably would n’t solve your problems with Jack .
- I do n’t know , all white people look the same to me , Pete .
- That ’s what Danny was saying .
We have to be cool to everybody .
Because the future is like a Japanese game show .
You have no idea what ’s going on .
- That was abooot the coolest thing I ’ve ever seen .
- Nine hours .
- He knows what I want before I do .
- I wanted waffles .
- Yayyyyyyy .
- Do you have a problem ?
Then call the Problem Solvers .
- Taxes got you down ?
Wasps in your crawl space ?
- Call the Problem Solvers .
- Because after all , what ’s a problem but an opportunity disguised as a stripper having a seizure on your boat ?
- Mouse in your house ?
- We are the Problemâ€ ¦Solvers .
- That was a good rehearsal , now let ’s record it .
And we ’re rolling .
Episode 6
- It ’s take your black kid to work day .
- Every day .
I thought having a family was going to be like the Cosby Show .
‘ Oh , no , Vanessa went to a concert .
Oh , no , Rudy and I are making a sandwich for 25 minutes . ’
The Cosby Show was a lie .
Having a family can be the worst .
For example , I have a strip club story from this weekend I need to tell you , Jackie D. It is disgusting .
But I ca n’t because I got this little D - Bag here .
- And yet , you wo n’t tell me .
- Woah , woah , woah , woah .
I mean , that ’s a big decision .
Having a family is also the best thing a man canâ €
¦He ’s gone .
So my story .
So I ’m in the strip club with Charles Barkley and one of the hobbitsâ€ ¦Damn it , I ca n’t live like this .
I ’m getting a vasectomy , too !
- The Cosby Show lied to me .
- Trying to get someone to move out ?
May I suggest what got my neighbors to move out ?
Black person moved in , scared them off .
- I gotta lot of good ideas .
Now if you ’ll excuse me , I have to take my son to my vasectomy because the Cosby Show lied to me and I cannot tell an amazing strip club story .
- Sure , I know how to do that .
You lied to me , Bill Cosby , you lied to me .
Uh , oh .
Here comes my hallucination .
- Denise , Vanessa , Sandra the boring one ?
It ’s your father , I ’m having a Cosby Show hallucination .
- Theo , what ’s going on here ?
Did Rudy make a mess with the juicer again ?
Vanessa was supposed to be watching her and not upstairs gossiping on the phone .
- Your adorable sister and your sister .
- That ’s why my life is not like the Cosby Show .
I only have boys and boys are disgusting .
I need a baby girl .
Do n’t patronize me .
Stop laughing , it ’s not funny .
I need a baby girl .
Do n’t snip my vas deferens .
- Wake up , Tracy .
Wake up .
I donâ€™t want a vasectomy Dr. Spaceman .
I need to go back in time .
Why did I sell my Delorean to Mr. T ?
- Jackie D , I need a baby girl !
- What made you change your mind ?
- Well , I hope he makes me an across helmet so I do n’t get hurt playing across .
Now , come on , that ’s pretty solid for a guy who just came out of a hallucination .
- Frank , I ’m gonna have a daughter , and I would never tell that story .
It ’s demeaning to women .
Especially if they ’ve had their boobies sneezed on by a tiger .
Episode 7
- Uh , Liz Lemon .
I need to talk to you .
- Come over here and check out my corner .
No trap .
- Come over here , I said , in my normal tone of voice .
- Liz Lemon , recently I realized that I have a hole in my heart and not the one I got from eating batteries .
It ’s because I do n’t have a daughter .
- I want a baby girl , Liz Lemon .
I mean having a daughter is like going to the NBA All Star weekend .
It changes you .
Makes you want to take your wife to the doctor .
- I ’m glad you feel that way because Angie ’s on her way up and I want you to tell her for me .
- Oh , yes you are .
Click .
- I said click to distract you from the sound of the hand cuffs .
- You did good .
- What are you implying ?
I ’m a very attentive father .
- There was a better kid ’s birthday party up the street .
- Your hair did ?
You just got your hair did .
You have to get your hair did again ?
- Racist !
- You know what ?
Keep your hair appointment .
I ’ll do the Christmas shopping to prove to you I can be reliable and that I can finish everything that Iâ€ ¦
- I need a special gift for my wife .
Something that says , “ I ’m responsible . ”
Something simple .
Classy .
- Yes , perfect .
What ’s that ?
I want it .
I forgot why I originally came in here .
- Sure , I know him from the secret black people meetings .
Nah , I ’m just kidding .
He ’s not invited .
But who ’s an EGOT ?
- That ’s a good goal for a talented crazy person .
Nah , that was earlier .
I want this .
- Marco !
- Marco !
- No need , I got something better than presents for you and the kids .
I got us all this EGOT necklace for me .
- It ’s not dumb , it ’s smart .
This necklace is a life goal .
I ’m going to win me an Emmy , a Grammy , an Oscar , and a Tony .
- I am gonna EGOT .
For us , for the family and especially for little Chewbaquina Jordan .
- Great .
I ’ll be in touch .
You still use your Hotmail account ?
- I ’d first like to thank my creative team for coming here on such short notice and I ’m sorry I ’m four hours late .
Dotcom , research update .
- That ’s good raw data , now turn it over to Griz for analysis .
- Kenneth , synthesize Griz ’ analysis .
- And then a Broadway play based on that movie .
This is how I ’m gonna get my baby girl .
All I have to do is create the most popular song of all time !
- I started already !
- People .
Love song .
About love and cars .
I ’ve started already .
Stop , stop .
It ’s all wrong .
How could five of the most popular musical styles all played at once sound so bad ?
- Oh , yeah , Ken ?
What do you know about the pressures of EGOTing ?
I need to speak to someone who ’s been there .
A fellow EGOTer .
- Is it me or is Liz Lemon getting hotter ?
- I gotta EGOT , Whoopi .
See I made this deal with my wife .
If I do n’t EGOT , then I can’t have another kid .
- You created the super - majority ?
- I do n’t get it .
Why is it so hard ?
I paid all these people to create the most popular song in the world for me .
- Wait , is that a Day Time Emmy ?
- That ’s good advice , Whoopi .
- Say , could I have a glass of water before I leave ?
- Thank you .
- Baby girl , you ’re the missing piece .
The perfect fit .
Baby girl .
You ’re the product of doing it .
- Uhhh , wait .
If you really want a baby , I ’ll give you my gift , but I must warn you , I wo n’t be around a lot .
Cause I ’m EGOTing .
- I know , we ’re lucky people laugh when I say stuff .
Episode 8
- What ’s with all the junk , Ken ?
- OK .
- Dig .
- Gonna let that one slide .
- Verdukianism ?
That does n’t make sense .
Jimmy is Catholic .
- So you guys are Verdukians ?
- Mmmhmm .
Then sing that Verdukian winter carol .
The famous one .
- What the what ?
New dude is as good at signing as Tracy Jordan is at everything .
- What ’s up , special K , having a party ?
- Your generosity is being taken advantage of .
- Verdukianism , it ’s fake .
Those dudes made it up because they did n’t want to do Secret Santa .
- That ’s what religion is , KFed .
Just a bunch of made up rules to manipulate people .
Why do n’t Catholics eat meat on Fridays ?
I tell you why .
Because the Pope owns Long John Silver’s .
- Oh , Ken .
We may have fallen into the intellectual deep end here and if you try to grab on to me , we ’ll both drown .
- OK .
Time to go .
- Something you want to say ?
Episode 9
- Finally !
Over the break I forgot which floor I worked on .
- Six !
I knew it was a character from Blossom , but I could n’t find the Joey Russo button .
- I had a pretty amazing New Year ’s , too .
My wife and I are trying for a daughter and on New Year ’s Eve I think I got Angie pregnant .
- OK , but I was gonna describe it real good .
- I did it .
Angie just called , she ’s pregnant .
- Yes , and it gets better .
I just had a burrito .
- I know it ’s a girl , Liz Lemon , because I yelled Susan B. Anthony at the moment of conception .
- We ’re gonna name her after the place that she was conceived .
It was a pretty wild night , so we ’re either gonna name her , Virginia , NetJet , or Bathroom at Teeterboro Airport .
- Hey , baby .
You knew here ?
- Uh , huh .
And before you worked here , where you an ass scientist ?
Because your ass blah , blah , blah , you get the point .
So what ’s your name ?
- Virginia ?
But that ’s gonna be my daughter ’s name .
Are you also someone ’s daughter ?
- Is every woman someone ’s daughter ?
- Uh , oh !
- I blame you three for my unhealthy attitude towards women !
You have created an atmosphere of hostility and intolerance that everyone talks about all the time .
Griz .
When was the last time you told your fiancÃ© you loved her â€“ Since the phone call I interrupted to make this announcement .
Kenneth , your haircut is disrespectful to lesbians .
Dotcom , do you EVER read books by women ?
- Enough !
I ’ve made a decision and starting next week , I ’m adding a woman to the entourage .
Episode 10
- Hey , Kenneth .
Why are n’t your teeth growing in the black light ?
- Sue , you ’re probably wondering why we asked you to join the entourage .
Well , over the years , I ’ve had a complicated relationship with women .
From my treatment of the dancers here to my remarks about Madeline Albright at the 1996 White House Correspondents ’ Dinner .
- What ?
It ’s true .
She does look like one of those .
- That ’s why I ’m adding a daughter to the entourage family .
Now what ’s on the schedule for today ?
- I think I ’m going to go ahead and cancel that .
- A hang on .
No !
I do n’t think we should go to a strip club .
It just does n’t feel right .
I think we should let the new member choose an activity .
- I said we ’re not going to a strip club .
- Why do n’t you understand ?
I do n’t want to take you to a strip club .
- Hey hey , watch your mouth , she ’s only 34 years - old .
- K. What ’s wrong with me ?
First I do n’t want to go to strip clubs and then I get angry at the hilarious dude that says something awesome .
- But I ’m not like that with my sons .
When they were little , I threw them in the deep end of our pool .
To help them get over their fear of sharks .
- Thank God , because the doctors keep telling me it ’s pretty clogged !
- Ah , where are you going ?
It ’s board game night .
- Out ?
With whom ?
- Well , does Doug have a last name ?
- You are part of this entourage .
- Look , I know you did n’t mean that .
- There you are .
You know Kenneth and I were worried sick about you ?
- That ’s not important anymore .
I want to talk to you about our fight the other night .
Look .
Having a girl in your life is different .
You want to protect her .
And the best that you can hope for is that some day a nice man will come and take her from you .
That ’s it .
- Here he is now .
I knew this day would come , I just did n’t think it would be so soon .
You take good care of her .
- I do n’t know if I can go through this with a real daughter .
- No , I would n’t .
Not for a billion doll hairs .
- Yeah .
They ’re not worth nothing .
You could probably sell them to a doll company and get maybe forty grand for them .
Subscribe by RSS , or on Twitter , or by email or on Facebook or on Tumblr
Episode 11
- Liz Lemon , I ca n’t go to Boston .
- You do n’t understand .
I get in trouble on the road .
- Thank you .
Thank you .
It ’s great to be here , Cleveland .
- I suck ?
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame sucks .
- Hello !
- The road is a mine field , LL .
All those angry drunks and new temptations .
- That stupid , Irish piece ofâ€ ¦
Oh , boy .
Boston is not gonna go well .
- Now what am I supposed to do ?
I got free time in a strange city .
- Puuurrrrfect like a cat birthday .
How could I possibly get in trouble on a walking tour .
- You lying white devil .
The only people you set free were rich white dudes like yourself .
- We ain ’tâ€ ¦ No !
Most dudes that signed that Declaration of Independence owned slaves .
What about you , John Hancock ?
- For the dude that has the most hilarious last name I ever heard you blow .
We did n’t land on Plymouth Rock .
Plymouth Rock landed on Mars .
- Sure , find a scapegoat .
Just like John Hancock did with the good King George .
- Boston was just the match that lit the powder keg , like the tragic events at Lexington and Concord .
- Sounds like one of King George ’s hated tax collectors .
- Do n’t listen to him .
We fell for his lies 300 hundred years ago .
Do n’t let this slave owning time traveler fool us again !
- Then patriots are overrated .
- I said they suck .
Uh oh .
Here come the punches .
This was all Snitterman ’s fault .
- Uh , huh .
And where did you two meet ?
- Really ?
So five years AFTER Crispus Attucks was killed in the Boston Massacre ?
Episode 12
- OK , push .
Push , Liz Lemon !
- Congratulations , it ’s Meat Cat !
- I ’m sorry .
Would you like to stay at my guest house ?
- Oh , I ’m not offering , I ’m just taking a survey to gauge general interest .
But Liz here has a spare apartment .
Ain’t that right , Liz ?
- Oh , woah , woah .
- You ’re sleepwalking , Liz .
It ’s a little understood parasomnia disorder .
- OK , I do n’t mean to be the black guy at the movies , but , “ You better move , girl ! ”
- This just got awesome .
- This is the worst thing I ’ve ever seen .
Episode 13
- It ’s a real problem in the celebrity community , but if Beyonce simply answered one of my letters , I ’d stop trying to break into her house .
- Ca n’t do it , Lee Lem .
On Valentine ’s Day , Angie and I rent a room with a heart shaped hot tub and cook chili in it .
Then we take it to soup kitchen and that ’s when it starts to get sexy !
- I ’m Tike Myson , baby boxer .
I ’m crazy like that .
Googoo googoo .
Episode 14
-[ Cough , cough , cough , cough ] , I think we got it .
- Excuse me , do you know who you ’re talking to ?
A future Tony nominated actor .
That ’s right .
It is Tony eligibility season .
And I ’m going for the T in my EGOT .
- I ’m doing a one man show .
- Tonight !
- What am I ?
A nerd ?
I ’m gonna keep it loose , Liz Lemon .
- I did it .
I ’m a Broadway star !
Jenna , could you accept my Tony on my behalf ?
June is a tough month for me because I begin lifeguarding again ,
- 5 hours .
- I do n’t know , people seemed to like it .
- Wait , the same show ?
- But I ca n’t do that , I ’m a spontaneous actor .
I never do the same thing twice .
- Honey , I ’m home .
Pac Man , I ’m Jewish .
Jeffrey , we lost the tournament .
I ca n’t do 7 more performances .
- Do they give an award for tarantula misplacement ?
- Got it , no farting .
- After me .
- No , Tracy .
- No , stop it - Uh , we gotta start over .
I farted .
- To sit in darkness in a sharp sharp sharp .
In darkness in sitting in the sharp .
This is stupid .
- Well , maybe we ’re just gonna have to agree to disagree on the acting process .
- I do n’t know , when I ’m acting , I just do me and people seem to love it .
- Your performance .
- Karsfeld , Ruben M. Klavec , Yuri .
Klassen , Igor .
Klesterin , Robert .
Klasco , Harold .
Kluber , Tatiana .
- Bordnay , Lorenzo .
Chinlow , Martin . Broadman .
Gil. Takakahamo , Jessica .
Themopoulis , Dororthy .
Lippowitz , Lauren .
Episode 15
- Yeah , I ’m supposed to be drinking a soda right now .
- That ’s the craziest thing I ever heard , Episcopal .
- I wish .
Our old nanny wrote a tell all book about me .
- It ’s bad .
I just got the call from a friend at Little Brown .
- No !
The premier talent agency for black dwarves .
- Everything .
My addiction to prescription glasses .
The fact that I suffer from attention deficit disor - Jack your shoes are shiny !
And worse of all , she revealed the fact that I ’ve never cheated on my wife .
- That ’s all for show .
I love my wife and only her .
- My wild and sexually adventurous image is how I make my money , Liz Lemon .
I start losing my endorsements , Angie ’s gonna be madder than a bat in a suitcase .
Uh oh , which reminds me .
Gordon ?
Gordon ?
- But , Frank , I still party .
I ’m still terrible at my job .
- I did , J - Mo , I held a press conference this morning .
- I ’m here to announce that I ’m leaving show business to spend more time with my stripper .
- But it ’s like a black Barbie Doll in Arizona , nobody ’s buying it .
- But John Edwards and I were supposed to ride on their Cinco de Mayo float .
- It ’s gotten worse .
Somebody leaked my voicemails .
- Hey , baby , it ’s your husband .
So I ’m at Bed Bath & Beyond and I can’t remember , did you say to get metal or wood shower curtain rings ?
Oh , you ’re calling me on the other line .
I ca n’t wait to talk to you .
I love you .
- She says I better have an affair and quick before it tears are family apart .
- That ’s the problem , who ’s desperate enough to have sex with me at this point ?
- Hello , Elizabeth , may I offer you a succulent fruit ?
- Let me do a dance for you , my lover .
No , no this is wrong .
I ca n’t have sex with you , Liz Lemon .
I love Angie too much .
- I ’m sorry , LL .
I know how much you wanted this to happen .
I ’m disappointed in me , too .
If I ca n’t have an affair , Tracy Jordan is finished .
- I am lucky .
Thanks , Liz Lemon .
- And you know what ?
One day you will have what I have because you ’re an amazing , strong , and talented woman , like Hilary .
From Fresh Prince of Belair .
- I ’m sorry , I was still riding the vibe from earlier .
Episode 16
- Oh huh , good morning .
- Lemoroni , something horrible happened to me last night .
I had a dream that Kenneth and I got intimate in a portable Jacuzzi .
It was crazy , glistening black and white skin .
It looked like a close up of a killer whale being born .
- Just like this amazing city that we live in .
- Nooooooooo !
- Nooooooooo !
- I had another freaky Kenmare .
- Nooooooooo !
Oh Oh Oh .
- Me , too .
But how do we know this is n’t a dream ?
Wait a minute , all my teeth are loose , so we ’re good .
It ’s true .
- What kind a sick mind dreams that ?
- Are you thinking what I ’m thinking ?
- We have to Elm Street this .
We have to go to sleep and kill Kenneth in our dreams .
- This is a dream .
You ’re in control .
- It ’s working , we ’ve joined forces in our dreamscape , now we fly .
- Controlling our dreams ?
- It worked !
- And we are never , never taking you for granted again .
In fact , we ’d like to sing you a thank you song .
Episode 17
- Not now , Jackie D , I heard on the walkie talkies that there ’s a red headed milf walking around with some executive .
- It ’s an 18th Century word for dark - skinned Moor .
I ’ve learned the word ‘ black ’ in every language , just so I know when to be offended .
Russian tcherny , Korean hooking , dolphin eeee eeee eee eeee .
- Nah uh , I ’m telling you , Dotcom , old school racism is back .
- Barry Obams is the one who brought it back .
- Hey , something ’s going on .
You know what I seen last night ?
A Sloven Shield commercial with a black burglar .
- Oh , yeah , it ’s back on .
Get ready , son .
All you ’ve ever known is your affirmative action job and Queen Latifah Covergirl commercials .
- That is a 15th Century term for a black pirate .
Racist !
- Oh , yeah , just ask the black guy because we all know each other .
Pete , could you tell a bald eagle to stop scaring me at zoos ?
- You know , I been wanting to say this for a few seconds now .
This work place has become a hotbed of old school racism .
- Oh , yeah ?
Then how come I ’m always forced to play redikorus characters that don nununciate well ?
- Nah , you can play it off , but I know that you ’re all secretly mad that we finally have a black Disney princess .
- Of course not , the Aryan hates and fears the African man .
As we so clearly saw in the Blade movies .
- Splcok , short for black Spock .
Subscribe by RSS , or on Twitter , or by email or on Facebook or on Tumblr
Episode 18
- Yeah , Thursday Night Thunder .
That ’s been going on for years .
- Well , I yelled Baba Booey at Walter Cronkite ’s funeral , so I actually have no idea of what ’s rude or not .
- But I could n’t Thunder last night because I had to take Angie to the ER .
She had some complications with her pregnancy , so that kind of trumps your little problem ?
- Well , she ’s fine and the baby ’s fine , but they put her on bed rest until her blood pressure goes down .
- There is one thing .
Could you take care of Angie like a husband until this whole ass ache blows over ?
- What about you , K ?
- This better be important , I ’m in a meeting .
- Great update , Ken .
Thanks for checking in .
Talk to you later .
- What , but why ?
You ’re much better at that serving stuff than I am .
- To be honest , I could n’t really understand anything Rick James was saying .
- Fine , I ’ll be there soon .
And if you get hungry , you can help yourself to anything in the fridge and once I ’m there I ’ll figure determine how much to charge you .
- Hey , Ken .
Is n’t that a fun place to stand ?
Oh , I forgot to warn you about my dog , Tracy , Sr. I trained him to hate white people because , not to profile , but most ghosts are white .
This is my boy here .
And look what Angie did to him .
She set up an invisible fence .
He gets shocked if he tries to leave the property .
Just because he ’d run away and cause car accidents and impregnate neighbors horses , he ’s trapped here just like me .
- I ’m trying , Ken , and I want to be responsible , but I been me for a long time .
- No , we ’re not supposed to do any sex stuff while she ’s on bed rest .
- Oh , like a real one !
I ’m on it .
- Maybe this will get Angie to stop calling me irresponsible .
Just stay focused and take this sandwich to my wife .
- Nope .
I ’m in a strip club , my bad !
- Ken , why did you let me go to a strip club ?
- This is bad because I can’t change .
I ’m like a chameleon , always a lizard .
- This better be a meeting , cause I ’m important !
- I can ’t , LL .
First of all the Secret Service never gave me back my T Shirt canon .
And second of all , I gotta stay home and take care of Angie .
- People do n’t say that anymore .
They say Surf Party USA .
- Look , Liz Lemon , I know your feelings are hurt , but parties are like Frisbees .
If you throw them the wrong way , they ’ll veer off in a bad direction and then your kid will fall into a quarry .
- Do n’t throw a party for vengeance .
It will turn on you .
Like your wife , after your kid has fallen into a quarry .
- I do n’t know what to do .
A party ’s in trouble and I ’m the only one that can save it .
- I ’m torn , K - Pax .
I know I should be here , but my body ’s going to take me to Liz Lemon’s .
What do I do ?
- Put the electric dog collar on me .
- Man , Tracy , Sr took of fast .
He did not want to live here .
- You ’re gonna pour glue in the lock .
That ’s how my kids keep me out of the liquor cabinet .
- No , Ken , there ’s something else you have to do , for all of us .
Unfortunately , there ’s only one Tracy Jordan , but sometimes he ’s needed in two places .
You ’re Tracy Jordan now .
Go .
Go save that party .
- Wait , I do n’t walk that well .
- This better be Meat Men , I ’m importing .
- Hey , Ken .
- Oh my God .
- Oh my God , I just did n’t want to go outside , it ’s chilly .
- No , this is something I have to do myself .
- Yes , he probably picked up your scent and he ’s hunting you .
I suggest you cut off a finger and throw it in the river .
- Huh , maybe this does n’t work on people .
Ahhhh .
Ahhhh .
Ahhhh .
My neck .
My swan like neck .
Ahhh .
Must fight through it .
Also , must weed lawn .
- I made it .
I ’m on the other side .
I ’m free .
I can go anywhere I want .
Like Liz ’s party .
Or one of those place where you sky dive over a huge fan .
- Hmm . Maybe it does n’t work on people anymore .
Ahhhh .
It still does .
Ahhhh .
- Oh , God .
If you deliver me from this , I promise every Sunday , I ’ll go to , huh ?
I ’m through it .
Pizza Hut .
I ’ll go to Pizza Hut .
Ha !
Episode 19
- Before we rehearse , I have an announcement to make .
Our boy Griz is getting married on May 22 .
- So I thought Griz would like to take this time to announce who ’s going to be his best man .
- Um , I have n’t decided yet .
You sound like my mother talking to the Planned Parenthood lady .
Seriously , which one of your rich and famous friends with hepatitis B are you going to pick ?
- Let ’s not do this in front of everybody , you sound like my mother being booed onstage at a 2 Live Crew concert .
- Damn , my mother had problems .
- Of course , you guys are very close .
Continue .
- Really ?
I ’d be awesome at that .
- But who ’s gonna tell U2 ?
- No , you two idiots .
I see what you ’re trying to do .
You ’re trying to manipulate me into not being the best man .
And , damn it , Griz , I ’ve known you since you were 6 feet tall .
I ’m gonna be your best man .
I am the leader of this entourage and because of you , I ’m having a tantrum .
Now pick up that table and smash it for me .
- That ’s fair .
I know that !
- Woah , you watch your mouth before I show you the back of my hand .
- Liz Lemon , I do n’t even want to be best man .
Why would I ?
Show up on time ?
Not lose a ring ?
Keep my shirt on though a dinner ?
- Because I ’m trying to protect Dotcom , dummy .
He ’s in love with Griz ’ fiancÃ© , Fyonce .
- No , Griz ’ fiancÃ© is name Fyonce , like Beyonce with an F .
- Listen , we cannot make Dotcom get up there and give a speech at that wedding .
It ’d kill him .
- You think that ’s impressive .
Watch me stand on one foot .
Hold on , I did it earlier .
- No , you do .
- Bored .
- So you ’re ?
Episode 20
- I gave Kenneth her information .
- OK , but whoever she is needs to be someone as amazing as I am .
I want to see a list of names .
Like when they was looking for John McCain ’s running mate .
Hahaha .
I ’m kidding , this needs to be taken seriously .
- Novella Nelson .
Oh , wait , is she Aquaman ’s girlfriend ?
- That could be anyone .
We all look the same to me .
Is she famous ?
- What about the list I gave you ?
Phylicia Rashard ?
Serena Williams ?
- Who cares , she ’s awesome and so am I .
I want Serena Williams to be my mother .
- Like anyone would recognize you anyway .
- You are way beneath me , Novella .
I am a movie star , a television actor , and the Guinness Book of World Records holder for most car accidents in a single year .
- Fine .
I ’d rather be up on that stage all alone than be up there with someone whose resume has black judge on it 9 times .
- I saved a lot of kids from lame sex .
- I hear you .
Because you ’re talking in the ear that I did n’t lose a button in .
- Boy , I though I had it bad with my fake mom .
- Yeah , it ’s true and she is a good actress .
I bought those Pajammaralls .
- No , Jenna .
No one gets to choose their mom .
Even when they ’re fake .
For good or bad , we ’re stuck with them .
And you know , they do n’t get to choose who we are either .
And God knows we ’re not perfect .
- You look beautiful , mom .
- I think I ’m ready for the sex talk .
- That ’s our show .
Thanks for watching .
- Goodnight , stay tuned for a special Mother ’s Day edition of Bitch Hunter .
Episode 21
- Entourage meeting .
I know which movie I ’m doing this summer .
- It ’s a pun , because cats paws have grooves .
- It ’s perfect .
I ’m playing Garfield .
My whole part is being shot on green screen in 3 days and they ’re paying me exactly 1 million teacher salaries .
- What ’s this ?
- Interesting .
And I ’ve gotta win an Oscar somehow .
It ’s either this or I submit that animated film I drew about the Holocaust .
- I read the script .
- I hated it .
I could n’t relate .
- I do n’t remember that kind of stuff .
I mean , I remember being born , of course .
I remember learning how to ride a bike , but that was last year .
From ’ 75 to ’ 82 is just a blur .
- No , I do n’t .
I was on a yacht with the Roots last week , dude .
- What are we doing here ?
You told me we were going someplace boring .
This is an awesome copy shop !
- That ’s where I grew up .
- My God , nothing ’s changed at all .
- Why do I recognize that stairwell ?
- It ’s all coming back to , oh my God .
I slept on an old dog bed stuffed with wigs !
I watched a prostitute stab a clown !
Our basketball hoop was a ribcage !
A ribcage .
- Why did you bring me here ?
I blocked all this stuff out for a reason .
Oh , Lord .
Some guy with dreads electrocuted my fish !
- I hate pain !
I ’m doing Garfield 3 , and as soon as I make some copies of my passport , I ’m never coming back here .
Move .
- Nermal .
I hate you , Nermal .
Almost as much as I hate Mondays .
This is my lasagna .
You hear me Nermal ?
My lasagna .
- Well I ’m sorry Sean , and child actor whose name I can’t remember .
You have n’t walked in my shoes !
All my life I ’ve tried to forget the things I ’ve seen .
a crackhead breast - feeding a rat A homeless man cooking a Hot Pocket on a third rail of the G train !
The G train , Nermal !
There ’s something inside of me that needs to come out .
And if Garfield 3 : Feline Groovy can’t tell my story .
Then I ’ll win my Oscar elsewhere or I ’ll die trying .
- I ’ve seen a blind guy bite a police horse !
A puppy committed suicide after he saw our bathroom !
I once bit into a burrito and there was a child ’s shoe in it !
I ’ve seen a hooker eat a tire !
A pack of wild dogs took over and successfully ran a Wendy’s !
The sewer people stole my skateboard !
The projects I lived in were named after Zachary Taylor , generally considered to be one of the worst presidents of all time !
I once saw a baby give another baby a tattoo !
They were very drunk !
Episode 22
- California , no way , Ken .
You gotta tank this promotion .
Do a sloppy job and they ’ll leave you alone .
That ’s how I got out of doing foreplay with Angie .
And my taxes .
- If you ’ve learned anything from me , it ’s how to do a bad job .
Go , honor me , save yourself .
But first get me a sandwich .
- That ’s my boy .
- On behalf of Griz and Fyonce , I like to thank Jack Donaghy for letting us have this reception here after the other location could n’t support the weight of Griz ’ extended family .
- Now , hit it !
- Hey , this ai n’t the place for - .
Subscribe by RSS , or on Twitter , or by email or on Facebook or on Tumblr
Somewhat related :
Everything Hurley Said
Everything Sawyer Said
Everything Locke Said
Everything Don Draper Said
Everything Tracy Jordan Said
[ ad # Google Adsenseâ € ” Single Post ( Horizontal ) ]
Three people died in a burning bank as tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Athens during a general strike over the Greek government 's planned spending cuts .
Some protesters tried to storm parliament while others threw petrol bombs at police and torched buildings in protest against new austerity measures and a decision to raise taxes to meet the conditions of its international bailout .
A petrol bomb hurled at an Athens branch of the Marfin Investment Bank killed two women and a man who were caught in the resulting inferno .
It was always going to be hard to convince Greeks that ripping $ 43 billion out of their public services and hiking their taxes was a necessary consequence of the international bailout .
As the Greek prime minister George Papandreou looked out from his parliamentary office , he saw exactly how angry they were .
" We are all deeply shocked by the unjust death of three of our citizens - citizens that were victims of a raw , murderous act , " Mr Papandreou said .
A professor of economics at the University of Athens , Yanis Varoufakis , did not go to work today because it was not safe .
But he rode his bicycle into the city to survey the aftermath of the day 's mass demonstration .
" What I did witness was the battlefields after the troops had departed , " he said .
" There were a few still burning or smoking cars , a couple of fire engines that had been torched , a building that belongs to the finance ministry - not far away from home - was completely burned down .
" Otherwise , it was an empty city without people . "
Professor Varoufakis blames angry youths for the violence and deaths .
" It seems it was a large demonstration , which unfortunately was infiltrated by the usual band of 100 or 200 professional [ trouble - makers ] , " he said .
" They 're the ones who created the circumstances for the death , the tragic death and loss of those three people . "
But Professor Varoufakis says there is " a very deep sense of injustice " across Greece .
" In the foreign media , even the local media , there is a portrayal of the Greek people living above their means , who are lazy , who are not working .
The truth , as always , is quite different from appearances , " he said .
" This is a country of incredibly hard - working people , people who have two and three jobs in order to make ends meet .
" Greece is also a country with the highest degree of poverty outside of Latvia in the whole of Europe , not just the eurozone , and it is a country in which a great deal of money was made over the last 10 - 20 years , but it was highly concentrated in a very small percentage of the population .
" The rest have been struggling through the good times , through times of economic growth , to survive .
Not to have a good life but just to survive , and they are the ones who now have to foot the bill for the economic collapse . "
As Athens burned , many in Berlin were still fuming about having to foot most of the bill for Greek profligacy .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel addressed parliament , raising her voice above the catcalls and angry hecklers from the opposition parties .
" This is about nothing less than the future of Europe and with it the future of Germany in Europe , " she said .
Approval ratings for the chancellor have dropped six points since the aid package for Greece was announced .
Ms Merkel might pay a higher political price on the weekend when crucial regional elections are held .
Volunteer Today
As a Formula SAE Volunteer , your time and talent will add value to our competition .
Come enjoy everything the competition has to offer by helping the teams directly .
Sign Up
Send
Thank you for requesting Doktor Kaboom come to your town !
We will start looking for the right venue of science !
JA !
Beauty products from the Occupied Territories are not beautiful …..
Commentary by Chippy Dee , Photos © by Bud Korotzer
“ Do n’t shop here for Ahava lotion ,
Human rights are a better notion . ”
“ Ahava , you ca n’t hide ,
We can see your dirty side . ”
Chants at the demonstration at Ricky ’s NYC
As part of the 2nd Global BDS Day of Action for Palestine activists planned protests in NYC , Washington DC , Chicago , Austin , Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , and Montreal against Ahava , a company that benefits directly from Israel ’s illegal occupation of the West Bank .
Ahava manufactures a line of skin care preparations that are labeled as coming from Israel .
The label is untrue .
They are actually made from stolen Palestinian mineral resources in the occupied Palestinian Territory and they are then manufactured in the illegal West Bank colony ( “ settlement ” ) of Mitzpe Shalem near the Dead Sea .
Money spent purchasing Ahava products help destroy Palestinian hopes for their own state and destroys any chance for peace between Palestinians and Israelis .
The NYC protest organized by CodePink and Adalah - NYC , began in front of Ricky ’s NYC on West 23rd St. Ricky ’s is a chain of stores in Manhattan that carries Ahava products .
CodePink has been trying to convince them not to carry the line since last summer .
Dominick Costello , their CEO , received 2000 e-mails on Valentine ’s Day urging him to stop but he chose to continue .
Now the campaign will take place in the streets .
At 5 PM 35 protestors , both men and women , gathered at the store .
Many were dressed in spa attire , bathrobes and towels .
They carried signs , handed out leaflets , and chanted .
In anticipation Ricky ’s hired a “ bouncer ” to make sure protestors did n’t enter the store .
When the demonstrators left to go to another Ricky ’s location on 8th Avenue the “ bouncer ” went along with them .
The activists attracted considerable attention and the reactions of the public ran the gamut from surprise to “ who cares ” , with an occasional kind or nasty comment .
The most important elements were being a visible presence on the streets , telling the public about Ahava , and having an opportunity to talk to people about Israel ’s brutal occupation of the Palestinian Territory on the West Bank .
This kind of protest will continue .
###
###
###
###
###
( CNN ) --
A gay couple in Malawi who celebrated their union in a traditional engagement ceremony could be sentenced to up to 14 years of hard labor , according to lawyers familiar with the case .
Steven Monjenza , 26 , and Tiwonge Chimbalanga , 20 , conducted a traditional engagement ceremony in late December in Chirimba , near Blantyre .
After news reports surfaced of the same - sex engagement , they were rounded up by Malawi 's police and charged under colonial - era sodomy laws .
Their sentencing is Tuesday .
The arrest received some popular support in the conservative southern African nation , but sparked outrage among Malawian and international gay rights campaigners .
The presiding judge refused bail for the men , who are being held in Chichiru Prison in Blantyre .
" It is quite outrageous , " said Peter Tatchell , a gay rights activist from Britain who is supporting the pair .
" In Malawi , people facing much more serious felony charges for serious crimes usually get bail . "
Amnesty International and Human Rights
Watch have called for the release of the young men .
The Malawi Law Society said the case has been driven by prejudice and not jurisprudence .
" Our law is outdated , " said Jabbar Alide , secretary of the Law Society .
" Our constitution grants freedoms , but most local laws do not fit . "
The Malawi constitutional court refused to review the case .
And the court and police have maintained that they are only upholding the law .
The actions of the state has many supporters .
Malawi , like much of Africa , is a deeply conservative country and the majority of the population is Christian .
" Most people are repugnant towards homosexuality , " said Canaan Phiri , secretary general of the Malawi Council of Churches ( MCC ) .
" People do not declare their homosexuality because people are against this . "
The MCC issued a statement charging that the homosexual act is a violation of the Bible and underlining its support of the law making it illegal .
But activists in Malawi and in several other countries say that the country 's constitution -- which outlaws discrimination -- is not being upheld .
The ultimate cost is a personal one .
Tatchell says he recently received a defiant message from Chimbalanga from prison .
" If people or the world cannot give me the chance and freedom to continue living with him as my lover , then I am better off to die here in prison , " the message said .
" Freedom without him is useless and meaningless . "
An article at Yahoo Finance , 7 New Rules For Getting Ahead , listed the following rules to keep in mind to stay ahead of the game in today ’s world :
Rule 1 .
You do n’t deserve a job .
Rule 2 .
You do n’t know enough .
Rule 3 . Less stuff equals more freedom .
Rule 4 . Prepare for many turns .
Rule 5 . Entrepreneurs have an advantage .
Rule 6 .
Do n’t get addicted to your paycheck .
Rule 7 .
Loving what you do pays off .
Here my take on these :
Rule 1 – This has n’t seemed to change .
The best and brightest overachievers always get hired first … who would want to hire the underachievers first ?
Rule 2 – Keeping yourself educated is so important since technology is changing things every day .
Rule 3 – The more stuff you own , the more maintenance requirements you take on .
Although I ’m not an avid minimalist , it is just common sense that you will bogged down less if you own less stuff .
Rule 4 – Hardly anyone stays in the same job for their whole working life anymore .
Sometimes that is by choice and sometimes it ’s not .
Being prepared and staying qualified is essential for career survival .
Rule 5 – The article stated that entrepreneurs not only have the classic advantages of being their own boss , but even have the creative advantage of the entrepreneurial mindset when working for someone else .
I think this boils down to saying that creative thinking is appreciated no matter what your situation .
Rule 6 – This is the rule that trips me up .
It ’s hard not to “ settle ” for a paycheck .
As the article suggests , living below your means will give you the flexibility to take chances to better your working life .
Rule 7 – Obviously , finding a job you enjoy can be the difference between night and day .
As I ’ve heard a hundred times before , it ’s not work if you enjoy it .
This is another rule that I break since I have settled into a position that is n’t my passion .
Based on the millions of job reviews you can find online , it seems that this rule is the hardest to follow for quite a few people like me .
What rules above do you follow ?
Which ones do you disagree with ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A 10 - year - old girl received minor cuts to her hand when an escaped bald eagle with a 6 ft - wingspan landed on her .
Sarah Arikan , who owns a hotel in Bristol , near Cribbs Causeway , said the eagle landed on her daughter India 's wrist on Monday evening .
The bird was identified by a tag on its leg as belonging to a falconry centre about 50 miles ( 80 km ) away .
It had been taking part in a display at Moreton - in - Marsh on Sunday and had failed to return .
The eagle , which is named Wotan , had escaped from the Cotswold Falconry Centre near Moreton - in - Marsh , Gloucestershire .
India said she had been outside the hotel when the eagle landed on her .
She said : " Suddenly it went into my hand and its claws dug into me .
I was shaking it all around and it would n't come off me . "
India said she tried to shake the bird off
In Pictures :
The eagle has landed Mrs Arikan , who owns the Berwick Lodge Hotel , had been on the telephone on Monday evening when she heard her daughter shouting .
She said : " India kept saying ' the eagle 's on my arm , the eagle 's on my arm and it wo n't come off .
" She was shaking it and there was blood pouring everywhere .
" I had to tell the gentleman I was speaking to on the phone I was sorry and I 'd have to call him back because a bald eagle had just landed on my daughter 's wrist .
" He said ' oh yes certainly ' so I think he thought I was an absolute crackpot . "
Lloyd Buck , a Bristol - based bird trainer who works for the BBC's Natural History Unit , was called in to help and tempted the eagle from the roof using some lamb steak .
' Free spirit ' A spokesman for the falconry centre said the high temperatures on Sunday allowed the eagle to soar .
He said : " The weather was magnificent and the 10 - year - old bird had been released but flew off .
" He 's 10 years old and is a bit of a free spirit - he 's done this a few times before so it 's not that unusual - or to travel that sort of distance .
" Luckily the hotel contacted a falconer who was able to identify the bird as belonging to us , " he added .
The bald eagle is the national bird of the USA .
A sea eagle , it plucks fish from the water using its strong talons .
Adult males are about 3ft ( 90 cm ) long with a wingspan of just more than 2 m ( 6.5 ft ) .
Females are larger , reaching 108 cm ( 43 in ) with a wingspan of up to 2.5 m ( 8ft ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr. Yukawa , who now works at PartnerRe Asset Management , a money management firm in Greenwich , Conn. , did not return requests for comment .
Goldman has said it will fight the accusations from the S.E.C. , which claims Goldman built the Abacus investment to fall apart so a hedge fund manager , John A. Paulson , could bet against it .
And in response to this article , Goldman said it did not improperly influence the ratings process .
Chris Atkins , a spokesman for Standard & Poor ’s , noted that the agency was not named in the S.E.C. ’s complaint .
“ S.& P. has a long tradition of analytical excellence and integrity , ” Mr. Atkins said .
“ We have also learned some important lessons from the recent crisis and have made a number of significant enhancements to increase the transparency , governance and quality of our ratings . ”
David Weinfurter , a spokesman for Fitch , said via e-mail that rating agencies had once been criticized as opaque , and that Fitch responded by making its models public .
He stressed that ratings were ultimately assigned by a committee , not the models .
Officials at Moody ’s did not respond to requests for comment .
The role of the rating agencies in the crisis came under sharp scrutiny Friday from the Senate ’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations .
Members grilled representatives from Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s about how they rated risky securities .
The changes to financial regulation being debated in Washington would put the agencies under increased supervision by the S.E.C .
Carl M. Levin , the Michigan Democrat who heads the Senate panel , said in a statement : “ A conveyor belt of high - risk securities , backed by toxic mortgages , got AAA ratings that turned out not to be worth the paper they were printed on . ”
As part of its inquiry , the panel made public 581 pages of e-mail messages and other documents suggesting that executives and analysts at rating agencies embraced new business from Wall Street , even though they recognized they could n’t properly analyze all of the banks ’ products .
[-]
Maps are TOO bright Last Comment @ 23:41 BST , 19 September 2020
24
LOLatRoflexTimers
Regular
Trevin is the Sr. Director of Business Development at WebFX .
He has worked on over 450 marketing campaigns and has been building websites for over 20 years .
His work has been featured by Search Engine Land , USA Today , Fast Company and Inc .
With artists such as Deanne Cheuk , Jules Julien , Fontaine Anderson , and Mario Hugo in their roster , Hugo & Marie has perhaps one of the highest concentrations of talent in the commercial art industry .
My first encounter with Poketo happened a couple of years ago when a friend of mine and I took out our wallets to pay for a bar tab that had way too many beers on it .
At the time , Poketo was just selling limited edition wallets with some amazing artwork printed on them .
My friend got the wallet as a gift .
Today , Poketo sells stationery , things for your apartment , t- shirts , and of course , they still sell their amazing wallets .
If you want some great artwork , Blanka has them .
Great limited edition prints , vintage prints , and photography prints .
Turn Nocturnal
Turn Nocturnal is a clothing company run by two guys named Matt and Jack .
They sell great t- shirts that creatives will appreciate .
Team Manila is a graphic design studio in the Philippine islands .
They also sell apparel and clothing .
Whatever the Philippine design scene will look like in the coming years , it ’s a safe bet that Team Manila will have a strong influence in it .
A couple of years ago , I bought my very first copy of Communication Arts Magazine and Josh Cochran ’s work was on the cover .
I ’ve been a fan ever since .
Aesthetic Apparatus is probably one of the coolest poster - making studios I ’ve ever come across .
Blood is the New Black
Blood is the New Black has a great feel to them : Artist - centric , great work , and the attitude to go with it .
Jim Stoten
Jim Stoten is an illustrator who also sells Fanzines , prints , and t- shirts .
Market > East features work from Alex Lucas , Andrew Schoultz , and more .
You ’ll be able to purchase books , clothing , photography , postcards , and more at this online shop .
Eveline Tarunadjaja is an Indonesian illustrator .
She sells prints , originals , and other merchandise at her own online shop .
Very fun and colorful design outfit .
I was first made aware of their work when I bought a book that featured their poster work .
They make amazing prints .
Threadless is quite amazing .
It ’s like a never - ending t- shirt design contest .
Artists submit their designs and people rate them , which in turn gives the people at Threadless an idea of which designs will sell the most .
And of course , artists whose designs are chosen for print not only get their name out there , they also earn quite a bit of cash .
Matt W. Moore is the principal at MWM Graphics , a design and illustration studio in Portland , Maine .
His online shop sells posters , t- shirts , and even typefaces .
These guys are from Las Vegas .
They are a very unique outfit with a great attitude .
Their Illazilla figurines are pretty amusing .
Jon Burgerman
Jon Burgerman is probably one of the most prolific designers / illustrators working in the industry today .
His work is everywhere .
Check out his portfolio and his very cool store .
MySoti is a place where designers can upload original artwork and turn them into awesome , real - life products for sale .
Tofu Lines sells prints , t- shirts , and more at their online shop .
Etsy is a big store that sells handmade , independently - produced items .
The store is huge and is used by some very talented artists to sell their wares .
Islands Fold
Islands
Fold is one of the more interesting online stores on this list .
It is , first and foremost , an artist residency operated by Angela Conley and Luke Ramsey .
They invite other artists to live with them with the goal of producing great art .
I first came across Luke Ramsey ’s work in a book called Street Sketchbook .
Know More Great Online Shops for Designers and Artists ?
This is just a small taste of the amazing work that ’s available for your procurement .
I ’m sure most of you reading this will have sources of your own for great art .
Share them with us in the comments .
Nick Clegg has thanked an impromptu crowd of hundreds of protesters for their petition calling for electoral reform and urged them to continue with their campaign .
The protesters gathered in Smith Square where the Lib Dem leader was holding power - sharing talks with members of his party .
Mr Clegg said it was " absolutely wonderful " they were taking their argument for reform to the streets and added that he genuinely believed it was now in the national interest to usher in " new politics " .
In my mind it is still the 1990’s .
That was when I came of age musically when I moved away from folk music ’s softer melodies my parents listened to in favor of bands leaning towards an edgier sound .
I can remember the first time I heard Nirvana on the radio or when my friend gave me the first Pearl Jam CD telling me how I had to listen to it .
I remember when I watched The Pogues perform on Saturday Night Live .
I found music that spoke to me as a geeky outsider .
I rejected the church because I felt confined by both by the shirt and tie my father forced me to wear , as well as by the dusty old hymns we sang each week that could n’t possibly relate to my angst ridden teen and young adult years .
Even as I started to go to churches with more “ contemporary ” services the worship still felt dry to me .
They did n’t get it .
I wanted punk ’s harder guitar licks , ska ’s kicking horns and grunge ’s cynical poetry .
I wanted music to speak directly to where I felt I was at the time .
I often argued with my friends how bands like The Newsboys and Sonic Flood were meant to minister to people like them , while other bands with the more underground sounds like The Blamed or Blenderhead were meant for people like me .
I reasoned that both had the same message they just came at it from a different direction .
One was from the insider ’s point of view .
The other from the outsider’s .
As much as I tried to make them realize that the body of believers has so much variety not everyone was going to be ministered to in the same way by hymns as they may with something harder .
They never got it .
I even toyed with the idea of starting a punk church for people more like me preaching a rebel Christ to reach the lost who are afraid to step foot inside of a church because they feel they wo n’t be accepted .
Show hope to people who felt betrayed by a world that made them feel like an outcast .
A church that finally " gets it . "
Looking back I am glad it never happened as I found a church that appreciates the wide variety of God ’s community of people .
I can come in as I am without being given a second glance by our elder saints .
They never seem to notice my outer dress , but often ask about the condition of my heart .
And like most people , as I got older I mellowed out , coming to appreciate other styles of music .
There ’s more jazz and classical in my music collection than in the past , though I ’d still prefer to listen to harder music over more adult contemporary .
There are still times I wish the worship team would finally get it and rock out once in a while but I accepted that it will more than likely not happen .
Recently I had an experience , which pushed me further over the edge acceptance when a friend asked me to attend a classical concert held at 10th Presbyterian in Philadelphia , a church famous for attracting a lot of young people in spite of only playing the dusty hymns I spent years rejecting .
Performing that night was Anne Martindale - Williams , a principal cellist for The Pittsburgh Philharmonic , and on piano was the church ’s worship director playing instrumental renditions of old hymns .
Though I became more welcoming towards hymns it still brought back memories of boring services and waiting for church to be over so I could go home to watch The Three Stooges .
I decided to ignore those old feelings and sit back to enjoy a pleasant evening .
The music started .
Silence fell over the sanctuary .
The first notes drifted in a meditative tone contrary to the usual genres I listened to , but struck me in the chest harder than any guitar riff ever could .
For the first time in my life I had a religious experience I often jealously read about in the ancient mystics .
At first I attributed it to the beautiful music played expertly by two people who knew their craft .
But no , it was more than that .
They desired the music be for God ’s glory joining us together as a body so we may come a few inches closer to Him .
I was not an outsider , but a member of a greater body who desired His presence .
I bowed my head in repentance for my years in selfish worship .
All my arguments for a more rocked out worship style became moot .
All I wanted was any opportunity to give thanks .
It took me twenty years as a Christian to realize why there was so much variety to the psalms .
God allows the time to question and shout or sit back for a moments selah as long as I did it for the glory of God .
Style became immaterial over substance .
My worship experience up to that point had been bankrupt .
The idea made me want to weep .
I looked to my left and saw a few teenagers texting to their friends instead of enjoying the moment .
It frustrated me at the time .
I wanted to yell at them , “ Do n’t you get it ? ” Now I can laugh .
All those years I felt frustrated towards churches that appeared dead because they refused to get with the times disappeared .
God gave me the clarity to realize I was the one who did n’t get it .
I prayed that someday they will see worship for that one moment in our day when we can put our selfishness and hurt aside to say , “ Thank - you . ”
Here is a photo tour of Microsoft ’s new research building called Building 99 in Redmond , Washington , USA .
A huge atrium with a coffee shop , a huge projector and sound system , so they can hold speeches there , or show movies or do other presentations .
Inside the building there are tons of collaboration spaces where they could meet , along with surfaces they could write things on .
Here ’s some equations that were on one such collaboration area , done by the cryptography group .
A “ Minority Report ” like holographic screens .
Cool toys these guys have .
Each conference room has a little computer in front of it .
Want to know if the room is open to use ?
Just check .
Or sign up .
It hooks into Microsoft ’s Exchange server so other people who are at their desks can see the room is taken .
Microsoft Research is doing a lot of research where they need a completely quiet room , so they built one .
Called an anechoic chamber this thing is so quiet you could hear your heart beating .
The floor is actually elevated so all networking , and air control can be put underneath .
The carpet is n’t actually one solid piece , but rather is tiled so that each piece can be lifted off and things underneath can be reconfigured .
If a researcher is bothered by the location of the air vent in their office he or she could have it moved to some other location .
Even the interior walls were moveable .
So , if a group wanted to change its space they could do so without costing Microsoft a lot of money in rebuilding costs .
The parking garage tells you what floors have spaces available so you do n’t waste time looking .
Instead of wasting lots of room building bigger offices so that researchers could have space for book collections , they built book cases into the hallways .
Wide open spaces with coffee tables .
Many of the conference rooms are open to viewing from the atrium .
[ via Scobleizer ]
The Center for Politics is an interdisciplinary , nonpartisan unit of the University of Virginia dedicated to the proposition that government works better when politics works better and its corollary that politics works better when citizens are informed and active participants .
This documentary was produced in partnership with The Community Idea Stations ( WCVE ) Richmond PBS and ( WHTJ ) Charlottesville PBS .
It will air on public television stations nationwide beginning October 2008 .
What you need to know : Japan is launching two satellites on May 18th , 2010 , one towards Venus and the other , IKAROS , to demonstrate the tranquil and romanticized method of interplanetary travel : the solar sail .
A solar sail is unpowered , the spacecraft pushed by the force of the solar radiation .
A solar power sail combines thin solar panels with the sail for on board power .
Edit 5/17 5 pm PST : Launch scrubbed due to weather .
The window is open until June 3 , other wise Junya Terazono suggests that it may be launched in May 2011 .
No official word on any of that yet though .
Emily on Twitter
Edit 5/17 11:45 pm PST : Launch rescheduled to May 21 6:58 ( Japan time ) .
The JAXA / Akatsuki Twitter account ( you might need THIS )
Edit 5/22 IKAROS launched successfully and powered up !
Solar Sails
Sounds like science fiction , but a solar sail is pushed by the photons from the Sun .
That ’s right , you ’re using sunlight to sail , not the solar wind .
The Planetary Society has a full explanation , but when a photon is reflected it exerts a small force on the surface reflecting it .
The Sun certainly generates a lot of photons , so if you have a large , lightweight , reflective surface , it will be pushed by the force of many photons being reflected off it .
Just like a sailboat , the larger your sail the more wind ( or in this case reflected photons ) you can catch .
And therein lies the problem .
Photons are very small .
Very , very small .
Imagine an regular ant trying to push a semi-truck .
Not gonna work – though in a perfect situation there would be some small effect .
How many ants do you think you would need ?
Would all those ants be able to push on the truck or would there be too many of them ?
A solar sail needs to be huge , and extremely lightweight .
IKAROS
JAXA and The Planetary Society are both done with solar sails being relegated to science fiction just because of the technical challenges .
JAXA ’s decided to combine a solar sail with solar in order to demonstrate some of the possibilities awaiting us .
Their “ sail ” is covered in solar panels , so in addition to being pushed by the light from the Sun they ’ll be generating power .
The main mission objectives : prove that a spacecraft can be propelled by a solar sail , and prove that the thin solar panel membranes they ’ve chosen do generate power .
Ikaros will unfurl its sail by spinning .
You can see this in their video , the spinning starts around 06:50 .
The video is in Japanese , but you do n’t need to understand what they ’re saying to want an umbrella that works this way !
Daedalus and Icarus
Daedalus was imprisoned in a tower with his son Icarus , so he built a pair of wings for each of them .
The feathers were fastened to the frame with wax , so Daedalus warned his son not to fly too close to the Sun .
Of course , being a young boy Icarus ignored his father .
He flew so high the wax melted , the wings broke , and he tumbled to his death in the raging sea below .
Daedalus escaped successfully and lived safely for a while after that .
That ’s the myth as I ’ve heard it – I think I ’d prefer to name my test mission after Daedalus .
Questions I had after reading about IKAROS :
Does IKAROS have an ion engine ?
No , that ’s an application of combining solar sails with other propulsion that JAXA ’s website proposes .
Is IKAROS going to Venus ?
Well , it ’ll be on a trajectory towards Venus , but it wo n’t be able to do orbit insertion so it will just do a far - away fly - by .
Want More ?
IKAROS at JAXA
JAXA ( the Japanese Space Agency )
The Planetary Society ’s Light Sail
~ A l i c e !
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
In the wake of the stock market 's May 6 chaos , more than 10,000 trades have been canceled , according to the Nasdaq OMX Group NDAQ.O .
Exchanges including Nasdaq and NYSE Euronext 's NYX.N New York Stock Exchange agreed to cancel " clearly erroneous " trades after hundreds of stocks and exchange - traded funds lost as much as 99 percent of their value and then fully recovered in a 20 - minute period on Thursday .
Regulators are still struggling to understand what caused the bizarre trading .
The Nasdaq “ broke ” 10,468 trades totaling 1.4 million shares in 236 different securities , Executive Vice President Eric Noll said on Tuesday in prepared testimony at a hearing of the House Committee on Financial Services in Washington , D.C. Noll did not give a dollar figure for the canceled trades .
Only trades that occurred between 2:40 p.m. and 3 p.m. EDT at prices at least 60 percent above or below a security ’s price at 2:40 p.m. were canceled , prompting howls of protest from some investors .
Many complaining investors suffered considerable losses , but below the 60 percent threshold , when the inexplicable plunge triggered long - standing stop - loss sell orders .
Others who complained had winning trades unwound .
They said they should not be punished for stepping in to support the market and help end the steep price slide .
The controversial 60 percent level for revoking trades was set after “ extended discussion ” among exchange representatives after the market close on May 6 , Noll said .
“ There was significant debate among the exchanges regarding the proper break point for trades , ” he said in his prepared remarks .
According to one person on the call , Nasdaq officials wanted even fewer trades canceled -- only those 80 percent away from the 2:40 price -- while other participants wanted the revocation trigger set at 50 percent or less .
Thus the 60 percent level was chosen as a compromise .
Larry Leibowitz , chief operating officer at NYSE Euronext , said the cancellations had caused substantial confusion and were “ an unsatisfactory substitute ” for market - wide circuit breakers .
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is reviewing the exchanges ’ policies for cancelling trades , Chairman Mary Schapiro said in her testimony .
The process must be “ fair for investors and consistently applied -- both in the context of a single event and across different events , ” Schapiro said in her prepared testimony for the committee .
ETFs were particularly hard hit by the chaos for reasons that “ are still unclear , ” Schapiro said .
More than 25 percent of all such funds lost at least half their value .
One ETF sponsor told the SEC that 14 of its funds briefly traded for less than 15 cents a share .
HELL UNLEASHED 1.3
MOD FOR LOD 1.10 ONLY !
BY TERRY MCDONALD " Soulmancer "
SCREENSHOTS : 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 WATCH : HELL UNLEASHED OFFICIAL TRAILER ( You Tube ) DOWNLOAD : HELL UNLEASHED 1.3 FULL EDDITION ( Multiplayer Version ) DOWNLOAD : HELL UNLEASHED 1.3 FULL " Lite " ( Multiplayer Version without music ) DOWNLOAD : HELL UNLEASHED 1.21 SOLO EDDITION ( Single Player Version ) GUIDE : Hell Unleashed Item Guide by Critter Killer GUIDE : Hell Unleashed Strategy Guide by Blue OVERVIEW :
In short this is Diablo II vastly enhanced with many new surprises , challenges and features !
Diablo as it was meant to be !
This mod is focused towards group multiplayer in a manner of which a group of friends or players can start fresh new characters and fight through the forces of hell side by side , although there is a solo edition available .
As multiplayer is the prime focus here , Solo play in the sense of progressing onward is not recommended .
Solo play is used mainly as a means of treasure hunting , catching up in experience or refining gear and skills …
Those purely interested in solo play will find a huge obstacle in bosses , as they were designed mainly for multiplayer combat …
I recommend 3 - 6 players for the full mod .
( 1 player for the solo edition )
If you do n’t know many people that play Diablo , I recommend trying to find others who are trying to assemble groups on either the official Hell Unleashed forum or the battle .
net forums .
Or if you have no interest in multiplayer download the solo edition !
INSTALLATION :
1. ) Download Hell Unleashed and verify it is not corrupted and verify you are running Diablo LoD 1.10 !
If do n't have Lod 1.10 you can download the 1.10 patch files below .
HU will only work with 1.10 , it is not compatible with 1.11 + 1.11 or 1.12 -> 1.10 http://files.arimyth.com/HU/LoD_110.rar 1.0x -> 1.10 http://files.arimyth.com/HU/LODPatch_110.exe
2 . ) Extract HU 1.2 into the Diablo 2 directory and replace all files ...
3 . ) Run D2 modsetup and install the mod .
" If D2MOD is already installed , it will ask if you wish to remove the mod , answer yes , run it again and install it again " 4 . )
If there is a data directory in the Diablo II directory , delete it .
This directory contain the files from previous , older versions of HU will conflict with the new version .
5 . ) Be sure to use Hell Unleashed . bat to play NOT Diablo II.exe UNINSTALL : 1 . ) Run D2 modsetup again and remove the mod .
2 . ) Simply download and extract the Diablo II LoD 1.10 patch files and over - write all existing files …
You can find those files here .
This will return you to an unpatched 1.10 http://files.arimyth.com/HU/LODPatch_110.exe
MULTIPLAYER : Multiplayer will function with TCP / IP , open battle .net , or the closed realm .
For anyone who does n’t know how to use TCP / IP , one player hosts the game , gives other players their IP address , and players connect using the “ Join Game ” button under Multiplayer TCP / IP .
To play on the Closed Realm select Gateway and choose " Arimyth Network " and connect , create an account and make sure you choose “ Hell Unleashed ” as the Realm .
You cannot connect to the official Battle . net servers with Hell Unleashed installed …
If you wish to continue doing so it ’s best to copy Diablo II to another directory and install Hell Unleashed to one of them .
FEATURES :
Difficulty has been increased greatly for normal , nightmare and hell , which will appeal toward new players as well as veteran players .
Character level range across all 3 difficulties is intended to be , normal 1 - 60 , nightmare 60 - 80 , hell 80 - 100 … Experience gain , monster levels , dungeon levels and item levels have been adjusted accordingly .
Improved enemy AI Many of the dungeons have " vastly " increased in size and altered to better compensate for multi-player adventures and also focused more towards going through a dungeon once rather then the same dungeon numerous times for additional experience and items .
" Although your still welcome too "
Many existing skills and items have been re-balanced , some more effective , some less effective .
In my opinion , much needed changes .
These balancing changes have been based on constant community feedback over the numerous previous versions of Hell Unleashed to ensure the most balanced HU to date !
A few brand new class skills and many new monster and boss skills .
New optional side quests and rewards .
Many additional and altered music tracks including a slew of new dungeon musics as well as boss musics , each Act final boss has it's own unique boss music .
The loudness of music has also been increased .
The new music ranges from more intense fast paced tunes as well as the dark , traditional music , which greatly adds to the feel of Hell Unleashed .
Many new additional bosses and superunique monsters have been added , each new boss with their own unique vocal taunts ; all bearing strategic elements having and different AI styles with numerous and new spells / skills , auras , abilities and counter attacks .
There are now a total of 47 bosses , not including superunique named monsters like Corpsefire , Rakanishu and Bishibosh .
The existing bosses have all been greatly improved with additional spells , abilities and counters of their own and all stronger , faster and more terrifying then ever , each with their own strengths , weaknesses and strategies .
Each of the 47 bosses will provide you with an intense and challenging showdown , where death or retreat is harshly punished .
Numerous additional monster graphics / animations from Baldur 's Gate II , Icewind Dale II and Planescape Torment curtosy of Infinitum .
The majority of these graphics are used for most of the additional new bosses like the , Hellforge Dragon , Beholder , and the Chimera to name a small few .
If the bosses are not harmed in anyway or left idle for roughly 20 seconds they will recover and return to full HP , this is to prevent retreating , restocking , dying and resuming where the fight left off ...
Now if you are wiped out or forced to retreat , expect the boss to be at full power when you return ...
To over come bosses you will need tactics and skill as traditional in most action - rpg's , not simply persistence and tediousness .
New area's have been added such as the Haunted Morgue in Act I , The Collapsed Escape Tunnel under the Harem in Act II , The Arcane Observatory ( 2nd part to the Sanctuary ) and Izual 's Isolated Purgatory ( A hellish cave beneath the plains of despair ) and a new and terrible Hell Only difficulty dungeon .
To name a small few .
Many existing dungeons have also been altered !
Each act will feature a couple new area's which will house new surprises including many new superunique class monsters .
Some area 's use expanded tilesets new graphics .
The tower entrance of the Countess 's keep for example uses a brand new tileset and the Arcane Observatory uses an expanded tileset !
Elite monsters have been added and randomly spawn in certain areas , they ’re similar to Champions but more powerful and most of them use new graphics , such as the Berserks , Wyrms , and Mariliths .
Adjusted character hp / mana growth and altered how stats effect these and other attributes .
Characters also start with low base stats , but are given 60 stat points to allocate where they want at level 1 , as well as a starting skill point .
Strength and Dexterity play a much larger role in damage bonus on weapons .
Stat requirements for weapons have been altered to reflect the stat (s ) they depend on for their damage bonus .
Strength : Swords , Axes , Polearms , Maces , Hammers , Scepters , Staves Dexterity : Bows , Xbows Half str , half dex : Javelins , Throwing , Wands , Daggers , Claws , Spears
Repair costs have been reduced and repair runes have been added .
Shops and Gambling have been greatly improved offering better equipment in the later acts and offering nightmare and hell equipment in nightmare and hell difficulties , gems and runes are also sold in the shops , but very costly prices .
This will give gold more of a use them throwing it away gambling all the time .
Item drops for rare , unique and set items has been increased slightly and the treasure drop system has been revamped .
Bosses and superuniques now drop better items , most superunique monsters will drop yellow items , bosses will drop unique ’s and set items quite commonly for better boss rewards and to compensate for more players .
Inventory size , stash size and cube have been increased by 50 % Players start with Cube .
Quest requirements have been added to certain portals .
“ For example to enter Andariel ’s Chamber , the Countess quest must be completed ”
If you cannot enter a red portal , changes are you have failed to meet the quest requirement .
Durability of all weapons and armor has been doubled .
Throwing Weapons and Javelins spawn in stacks of 300 and can now have sockets .
All unique items and set items have had changes made to them Magic and rare items have had their customization and properties improved .
Crafted items have all been revised and improved upon as well as new crafting sets for Topaz ( Elemental ) , Skulls ( Death ) and Diamonds ( Holy ) and also higher level crafting recipes for exceptional and elite weapons and armor .
Many new unique items and new rare and magic properties
All official runewords enabled including the 1.11 runewords as well as numerous new and altered runewords !
Life or mana cannot be drained from any undead .
Many n ew cube recipes including the ability to add sockets to weapons and armor via new items simply called sockets , which spawn about the same frequency as gems do .
1 single socket + one magic item or non magic item = add 's one socket to that item
2 single sockets + one rare item or crafted item = add 's one socket to that item
1 dual socket + one magic item or non magic item = add 's two socket to that item
2 dual sockets + one rare item or crafted item = add 's two sockets to that item
You get the deal .
Here are additional cube recipes below .
3 Single Sockets = Dual Socket
3 Dual Sockets = Triple Socket
3 Triple Socket = Quad Socket
3 Quad Socket = X Socket ( Add ’s 1 socket to a unqiue or set item )
3 perfect gems will now make a starstone gem ( Next level above perfect )
3 star stone will now make a moonstone gem 3 moonstones will now make the highest level of gem Upgrading runes has also changed beyond a certain level of rune .
Mithril and Adamant 's Glyph 's have been added and can be used with weapons and armor .
Mithril Glyph +
One magic item = new magic item of the same type with enchantments based on the items level , the higher level the better enchantments can spawn , destroys sockets and gems if there are any .
Adamant Glyph will do the same for rare items and yes 3 Mithril glyphs in your cube will create an Adamant Glyph .
Mithirl and Adamant hammers have been added in and are used in upgrading and crafting recipes Color dye's have also been added , which will permanently dye any weapon , shield , helmet or armor and these dye's will make quite an intense color shift to whatever you dye ...
You can create dyes with a gem of any color of the dye you want and a potion of any color of the dye you want placed in your cube together .
You can not re-dye in all cases , sometimes it lets you , sometimes it does n’t , so it ’s best to pick a color your planning on sticking with .
1 chipped ruby + 1 heal potion = red dye
1 skull + 1 antidote potion = black dye
1 chipped emerald + gas potion = green dye .
There are 9 different colors in total .
New and u pgraded Mercenaries .
Merc 's will no longer gain resistances based on level .
But can now equip belts , gloves , boots , rings and amulets and also have a larger range of equipment to select from ...
For example , rogue 's can use crossbow class weapons .
They also have access to new and improved skills , mostly on the higher difficulty settings .
There are 4 new mercenary types !
Level requirements of all equipment is now equal to the equipments level …
Though this will not really be noticed , as by the time you find or buy these items you ’ll already be in the proper level .
This is mainly to curb hand - me - downs to prevent extremely new characters for using high - level equipment given to them .
The level req though really is n’t anything steep though .
Gold loss from the stash in multiplayer games has been removed .
You can carry twice as much gold , as the stash can also hold twice as much .
Bosses have special Hitpoint Bars different from normal enemies and much bigger .
Town Portal has been removed " I know what your thinking , please read the rest " .
This mainly due to it being easily exploitable on multiplayer games and I also wanted to give players the feel of a more ruthless wilderness / deep dungeon atmosphere , besides that waypoints are often never to far away .
Most visits to town are done for repairs , stocking up and selling or dumping equipment ...
With the increased inventory size and extra durability , visits to town wont be required as often .
And no easy retreats back to town during a boss fight to recover and re-stock on potions .
And a stronger desire to avoid death .
Since honestly , death is barely even a slight inconvenience in Diablo II unless your playing hardcore .
We had our doubts about this at first , but it has been working out very well .
You 'll have to see for yourself , but in our opinion it is certainly an over - rated privilage that makes things a bit too convenient and one we have come not to miss in the slightest .
Town Portal Orbs however , which function much like portal shrines , have been placed at the entrances of all boss dungeons that do n’t have waypoints inside of them , and inside some of the longer dungeons themselves .
PARTY :
As normal , there are numerous possabilities for character templates and party combinations , the bare minimum assential is for your party to have atleast one primary tank , one means of long range support and one means of party support …
How you wish to achieve that and beyond that will be whatever party your group wants to put together .
CONCLUSION :
That about sums it up .
There are other subtle changes and additions I have n't mentioned but you get the theme of it by now .
This is geared toward fresh new multiplayer characters who will fight through the legions of the prime evil 's as a close group , somewhat poetic in a D&D fashion , of course only great dangers would deture you from wandering off from the group ,
Im sure there are some brave enough , or foolish ?
Who would scout ahead or split up .
This is also very oriented toward climactic boss battles and there are many of them !
This will appeal to both veteran and newer players , many surprises await .
ADDITIONAL HINTS :
1. ) Save resistance items for when you go up against bosses who focus more in specific elementals .
Example , if you have low poison resistance against a poison oriented boss , you can expect to feel the consequences .
2. ) Solo treasure hunting can help if your getting the shaft for items or if your group has a poor treasure splitting system .
3. ) Stay with your group as often as you can .
4. ) Many of the chalanges and bosses you ’ll go up against will require a certain level of strategy , do n’t be discourged if your group is whalloped by a situation the first time , pay attention to the situation and find out how to better tackle it .
SOLO EDDITION SPECIFICS :
For the solo edition , certain hardcore aspects of Hell Unleashed have been tonned down to allow single player for those who have no interest , time , or opportunity for multiplayer .
These changes include …
Monsters have less HP Monsters do less damage Monsters have decreased skill levels 0/+5/+10 rather then +1/+7/+12 Monsters have decreased AC and Attack Rating .
Town Portal scrolls spawn once again .
Full Rejuv potions will spawn once again , rarely .
Rejuv potions spawn more frequently .
Heal and Mana potions slightly stronger .
Experience gain is increased .
Resist Penalty per difficulty is – 45/-90 rather then –60/- 120 Freeze and Curse penalty versus monsters is restored to default .
Life / Mana leech from the prime evils is possible in Hell difficulty again .
Immunities are less frequent and easier to break .
CREDITS : Community of Hell Unleashed HU Modder / Developer : " Soulmancer " Terry McDonald HU 1.2 Assistants : LmT " Leslie " Blue Myriddn " Dan " HU Server : Jimbolia " Jim " Phrozen Keep Contributions & Assistance http://phrozenkeep.planetdiablo.gamespy.com/
D2MOD Plugin : SVR Coding : Myhrginoc , Nerfarius and SVR Monster Graphics : Phrozen Heart & Intinitum http://infinitum.d2mods.com/
Map Tools : Paul Siramy Map Plugins : Onyx and Volf http://diabolic.planetdiablo.gamespy.com/cont.php
Special
Thanks to everyone in the Hell Unleashed community for your on going support and interest in the project , as well as all those at Phrozen Keep who helped me through a lot of problem solving as well 3rd party tools and plugins !
Hell Unleashed would not have come this far without all of you .
Stay Connected
Latest Tweets
Archives Archives Select Month July 2013 December 2012 November 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008
May 6 , 2010 Pretty Poetry slammer , Katie Makkai , breaks down “ pretty . ”
( Thanks to Jacquie B. )
Comments ( 11 ) RSS feed for comments on this post .
TrackBack URL
Early feathers evolved for insulation and display were barely strong enough for gliding , says report in journal Science
The first birds to make a mark in the evolutionary record might have sported an impressive plumage , but they would never have got off the ground , scientists say .
An examination of fossilised feathers belonging to the ancient birds Confuciusornis and Archaeopteryx shows their wings were too weak to support the birds in flight .
At the very best , the creatures might have used their wings to glide between trees or from vantage points to lower ground , researchers report today in the journal Science .
Robert Nudds and Gareth Dyke , at the universities of Manchester and Dublin respectively , took measurements of the feather structure of Confuciusornis , which lived in the early Cretaceous 120 m years ago , and Archaeopteryx , considered to be the first bird species to emerge on Earth in the Late Jurassic , around 145 m years ago .
The scientists found that the central shafts of the birds ' feathers , which give wings their strength , were thinner than those of modern birds .
When the researchers calculated the forces acting on the birds ' wings in flight , they realised that even if the shafts had been solid , they would barely be strong enough to allow the birds to glide .
The finding suggests that powered flight arose later in birds ' evolutionary history .
Archaeopteryx is believed to be a transitional form between reptiles and birds .
Unlike modern birds , it had a full set of teeth , a long bony tail and three claws on each wing , which it probably used to grasp prey and cling to trees .
It was the size of a small chicken .
Paleontologists have long debated whether Archaeopteryx used its wings for flight , insulation or display .
The latest study suggests that feathers evolved as a means of keeping warm , before being co-opted for flight .
Confuciusornis was a crow - sized bird that had a small triangular snout and , unlike Archaeopteryx , lacked any teeth .
Fossilised remnants of the birds are among the most common found in the Liaoning deposits in China , suggesting they may have lived in large colonies on the shores of the ancient lake .
( Wired ) --
One of the challenges for the newest generation is how to gain fluency in online networking without being able to draw on large , diverse social networks of their own .
On Tuesday , Togetherville announced the open beta launch of a new online community for kids and their caretakers .
The site brings parents into the same virtual space as their children to help them mentor kids to be good digital citizens .
" We built Togetherville using the spirit of the neighborhoods most of us remember when we were kids , " said co-founder , CEO , and parent Mandeep Singh Dhillon , " where everyone knows everyone else and watches out for each other .
In Togetherville , parents have peace of mind that their kids are playing with people they know and trust and kids have fun while learning the tools they need to become good digital citizens . "
Fully compliant with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) , Togetherville is intended for kids who are too young for Facebook , officially , but have parents immersed in that culture .
The 6 - to 10 - year - olds are invited to engage with their real - world friends , play games , watch videos , and create art .
Grownups act as the gateways for new contacts , assuming the responsibility for inviting other families to join each child 's online neighborhood .
Experiencing online networking together , grownups can guide their kids through the age - appropriate content in an ad - free environment .
The project was developed by people trained in child development , learning , and online safety .
Developers worked with officials from Connect Safely and the Family Online Safety Institute to include the social and technical activities that serve as the core competency for online interaction .
Three key areas -- self - expression , entertainment , and education -- are emphasized .
" Togetherville is social - networking training wheels for families , " said Anne Collier , co-director of Connect Safely .
" It models safe social - Web use for kids and shows even parents who are already keen Facebook users how social networking works best in the family context . "
One aspect of the site that is still pending is an Allowance , a feature expected later this summer .
Grownups feed an account for their children , and the kids draw from those funds to purchase virtual goods , games , and gifts .
There are learning opportunities possible in this dynamic , including understanding how to budget or cultivating a sense of philanthropy in how kids choose to use their online currency .
It seems clear that the financial success of the company is tied to being able to create a strong in - world economy funded by adults but driven by kids .
Kid-Tested
My 10 - year - old son gave the site a test drive after the private beta opened up to the public .
He 's at the top side of target audience for Togetherville , already well familiar with Facebook , Twitter , blogging , and creating YouTube videos .
His literacy with social networking sites is strong , but his strong social connections remain firmly offline .
The signup , initiated by a parent , uses Facebook authentication to verify the adult 's identity and leverage his or her existing social network .
The parent then creates accounts for each kid , customized with a photo and name that reflects who they are in the real - world .
To increase accountability and trust in subsequent interactions , anonymity and pseudonyms are discouraged .
The accounts are verified via e-mail to ensure that the kids are firmly tied to the grownup 's online identity .
From the moment they first sign on , kids are encouraged to get involved with activities on the site by earning stamps in their Togetherville Passport .
This can be done by watching a video , creating new art , playing a game , sending a gift , or posting a " quip " ( the equivalent of a Facebook status message ) .
Additional badges are designed to recognize and reward positive behavior for certain types of activities .
My son opted to play a game to start , choosing Fission Balls from among the six initial offerings .
It was a short - lived game ( he fired a single shot ) , but he then moved on to creating a logo and giving a gift to a new friend .
He rejected the featured videos -- Hannah Montana , Justin Bieber , and the tempting " Fart Dance " -- but watched a " Toy Story " trailer from YouTube just to satisfy his Passport stamp .
For someone well - versed in internet memes , the video content was n't that engaging .
( " It feels like they are trying to get Cartoon Network or Disney to sponsor them , " says my young curmudgeon . )
One strength of the site -- moderated content -- is also a potential drawback .
There are numerous Quips and Comments from which to choose , but they are all canned responses approved by Togetherville administrators .
The few opportunities to freely create text require review and acceptance by staff before they will appear on the site .
This was a turnoff for my son : " It 's like they are saying that kids do n't have the ingenuity to come up with their own posts . "
The grownup 's experience centers around managing the parameters of a child 's neighborhood .
Their profile simply shows the associations to other kids , and content contributions are largely in support of kid activities within the site .
The favoriting mechanism in Togetherville -- a " trunk " -- can serve as both a digital memory book and a monitoring tool to see what kinds of important items float to the surface .
For adults , activity can be piped into their Facebook news stream to share with friends in that environment .
At its best , Togetherville has the potential to both fulfill its mission as a training ground while also increasing interaction with trusted adult mentors outside of the family .
A broader support structure can help kids critique ideas and develop additional methods for information gathering .
At its worst , Togetherville will suffer from over - reliance on users with access to strong extended networks , presenting too many barriers to grow online networks organically .
Without a lifetime of changing jobs , schools , and hometowns , kids may see value in the site limited to what they can do online by themselves , rather than with others .
Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT !
Click here !
Copyright 2011 Wired.com .
RUSSIAN President Dmitry Medvedev has reportedly been urged to investigate a prominent politician who claims he was abducted by aliens .
Kirsan Ilyumzhinov , the leader of the country 's southern region of Kalymkia , told a prime - time television show he was taken on a spaceship sent to Earth and met extra- terrestrials wearing yellow spacesuits , The Sun reported .
Now a Russian politician fears Mr Ilyumzhinov may have divulged state secrets and wants him investigated .
Mr Ilyumzhinov told television host Vladimir Pozner on Channel One on April 26 that he had spent several hours in the company of aliens .
He said they visited his apartment in downtown Moscow on September 18 , 1997 .
The leader said he was falling asleep when he heard someone calling him from the balcony .
Mr Ilyumzhinov went outside and said he saw the spaceship which was a " half - transparent half tube " .
He went inside and met human - like creatures in yellow spacesuits .
Mr Ilyumzhinov said he could not communicate with the aliens .
He said : " I am often asked which language I used to talk to them .
Perhaps , it was on a level of the exchange of ideas . "
He said the aliens then gave him a tour of their spaceship .
Mr Ilyumzhinov said the alien spaceship had come to Earth to take samples - and claims to have several witnesses .
Russian parliamentarian Andre Lebedev has called for an inquiry into the claims and written a letter to Mr Medvedev raising a list of his concerns .
In his letter he says that - assuming the whole thing was not just a bad joke - it was an historic event and should have been reported to the Kremlin .
Read more at The Sun .
The rate of teen pregnancies in Canada dropped 36.9 per cent between 1996 and 2006 , according to research released Wednesday by the Sex Information and Education Council of Canada .
The teen pregnancy rate also dropped 25 per cent in the U.S.A. during the same period , and 4.75 per cent in England and Wales .
It increased by 19.1 per cent in Sweden .
Reducing socio-economic inequality within communities is the most significant factor in setting the direction of teen pregnancy rates , according to research coordinator Alexander McKay .
Rates of teenage pregnancy , for example , are higher in pockets of poverty in the U.S .
High - quality sex education in schools and easy access to health services are also factors , and must be maintained to keep teen pregnancy levels low , McKay added .
“ Complacency could quickly lead to a reversal in indicators of adolescent sexual and reproductive health , ” he said .
Canada has the lowest pregnancy rate per 1,000 women ages 15 - 19 among the four countries studied , according to the report , which appears in the Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality , published by the sex information council .
In 2006 the there were 27.9 pregnancies per 1,000 women ages 15 - 19 in Canada .
In Sweden the figure was 31.4 .
England and Wales had 60.3 and the U.S.A. , 61.2 .
The pregnancy rates in the four countries are calculated by adding live births and abortions .
Miscarriages are not included because of differences between the countries in collecting that data .
Since 1996 , abortions have accounted for about half the pregnancies in Canada included in the study .
The Sex Information and Education Council of Canada , a national registered charitable organization , receives funding from the makers of Trojan condoms , and provides educational materials about sex education to schools , health professionals and community organizations .
So now that the GSoC community bonding period ( the official one , I mean ; ) ) is coming to a close , I guess that a small report of my work so far is warranted .
To those who do not know :
As part of my GSoC work , I ’m committing to libface , an open - source face recognition library made by me and my mentor Alex Jironkin.
libface shall be used for the upcoming Face Detection and Recognition support in digiKam .
I finally got around to committing a proper Eigenfaces implementation in libface .
To the uninitiated , Eigenfaces is a subspace method for face recognition , that uses PCA for dimensionality reduction in the training set .
You can learn more here .
Face detection is done using stock haar cascades that come bundled with OpenCV .
An analysis of speed – if you have a pretty slow ( 1.6 GHz ) computer and have set the accuracy to what shall be called 100 % in libface ( no , it will never be 100 % in practice ; ) ) , it ’d take a max of 6 seconds per photo – which means less than a day for 10,000 photos , and about a week for 100,000 photos ( seriously , not many people have 100,000 photos in their collection ) – provided you start from scratch .
I find the speed to be comparable to Picasa on my computer .
I used a timer for that 🙂
The accuracy of detection is , IMHO , similar to Picasa .
Now , there ’s no concrete way to test that in Picasa , but I find Picasa to encounter the same problems with faces rotated in 3D .
There ’s always some faces that one detects but the other does not .
Alex gives me similar feedback about iPhoto .
Note : Blog posts suck wihout an image , so here ’s one :
Next – Face Recognition .
As my fellow GSoC candidate Kunal Ghosh for this project rightly pointed out , updating the trained database of faces with a new face requires retraining of the entire database , if you use Eigenfaces .
We used a simple workaround for that – we store faces in multiple databases – each DB is a chunk of 50 faces .
Updating one database ( 50 new faces in one go ) takes only about 1 second ( you ’re supposed to say WOW there ) on my 1.6 GHz laptop .
So it can be agreed upon that speed is not much of an issue with training .
There are issues with recognizing faces with 3D rotation , Although this is n’t decided at the moment , I might apply GLR ( Global Linear Regression ) for that .
This technique , as described in the paper you just downloaded ( if you clicked on that link ) , can be applied to the problem at hand , to generate a virtual frontal face from a rotated face .
And tagging .
I ’ve just checked out a fresh copy of Adrian Bustany ’s nepomuk - peopletag project , which has been abandoned since about two years or so .
I ’ll be modifying it – actually it involves removal of code , not much actual coding .
I ’ll be removing the nepomuk - specific code from it ( no offense to the Nepomuk people ) , as digiKam shall talk to Nepomuk through it ’s own interfacing .
I ’ll be posting a video demonstrating Picasa ’s and libface ’s detection side - by - side soon !
PS : I test my code on posters of LOST .
Ca n’t upload here , for issues of copyright .
If any of the people above have an issue with the pic , just let me know , I ’ll change it 🙂
Rep. Ed Markey , D - Mass. , has issued a statement on his Congressional website saying that BP will end the live video feed of the oil spill at the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico .
BP informed Markey 's office that the live feed would end sometime Wednesday morning and would remain offline until after the attempt to seal the well is completed .
Markey chairs the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming and the Energy and Environment Subcommittee in the Energy and Commerce Committee .
Read USA TODAY 's full coverage of the follow up to the oil spill here .
" It is outrageous that BP would kill the video feed for the top kill , " Markey said in the statement .
" This BP blackout will obscure a vital moment in this disaster . "
The lawmaker added , " After more than a month of spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico , BP is essentially saying to the American people the solution will not be televised . "
( Posted by Melanie Eversley )
May 18 , 2010  -- Angel Burton had repeated and painful kidney infections from the time she was born in Louth in Lincolnshire , England .
But when she was 5 , doctors attempted surgery and discovered the little girl had two complete drainage systems -- one piggy - backed on top of the other in each kidney .
When one set of ureters failed , the second set kicked in , restoring her health and perhaps saving her life .
Angel has duplex or double kidneys , two functioning units within the same kidney .
" I was surprised we had one ( a duplex ) in Angel because none of the previous x-rays had shown that , " said Dr. Prasad Godbole , consultant pediatric urologist at Sheffield Children 's Hospital , who operated on the little girl .
" Sometimes you could miss it but I was surprised because looking at all the previous x-rays there was no suggestion of this , " he said .
" Her kidneys are working fine . "
Today , Angel is 8 and in excellent health .
" It 's a real miracle , " her mother , Claire Burton , told the Cavendish Press in Manchester .
" It 's absolutely amazing that none of her earlier scans picked [ it ] up .
We 're just so grateful to have Angel back to her happy , healthy self . "
This genetic abnormality occurs in about 1 in 100 children , according to a statement from Sheffield Children 's NHS Foundation , the hospital where she had her surgery in 2007 .
" In the vast majority of cases , duplex kidneys never cause problems and can go undetected but , occasionally , can cause urine infections and need investigations and treatment , which may include surgery , " said the hospital spokesman .
The kidneys are two bean - shaped organs located near the middle of the back , just below the rib cage .
Waste and extra water are removed from the blood in the kidneys and sent to the bladder as urine via the ureters .
After Angel 's birth in 2001 , her health began to decline .
Doctors diagnosed her with bilateral reflux as urine backed up into her kidneys , causing infections .
Over time , she was regularly screened and monitored , but none of the doctors noticed the two additional tubes .
By the time she was 5 , her kidneys had been scarred from the repeated infections , and in 2007 , doctors attempted to create an artificial valve .
It was n't until Angel underwent surgery that doctors discovered she had duplex kidneys .
" They 'd been in there an hour and a quarter when the surgeon came out , " said her mother .
" He said : ' We 've found something very , very strange considering the amount of scans Angel 's had this year . "
" He went on to explain they 'd put a camera in Angel 's bladder so they could repair the valves , " said Burton .
" They 'd found the two openings that were supposed to be there and they 'd gone ahead and repaired the two valves . "
" But then they 'd found two more openings and when they 'd put the camera up , these openings led up to two more perfectly healthy kidneys , just sitting on top of the other ones , " said Burton .
' He said : ' They are totally independent .
We are just stunned that these have never been picked up on a scan .
She 's been having intensive scanning for five years and they 've never shown up .
It looks like the healthy ones have taken over . ''
Angel does n't exactly have four kidneys , she has a " duplication of the collecting system , " according to Dr. Bryan Becker , president of the National Kidney Foundation and professor of medicine at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health .
Duplex Kidney Is Rare Congenital Condition
" In this congenital condition , more than one ureter , the tube from the kidney to the bladder , drains a different pole of the kidney , " he said .
In Angel 's case , one of the ureters in each kidney remained free of damage .
Angel 's deformity likely occurred during her development in utero when tissue masses split during the evolution of the kidneys , said Becker , who was not involved in her treatment .
The condition can be related to a number of different syndromes .
Becker speculated that when doctors discovered the functional ureters during surgery , they " left everything in there and let the kidneys keep working and do their thing . "
Kidney disease is relative rare in children ; adults are about 20 times more likely to have problems and the risk increases with age .
In the general population , slightly more than 30 people in every 100,000 develop kidney failure each year .
But in children , aged 19 and under , the annual rate is only one or two new cases per 100,000 children , according to the National Kidney and Urologic Disease Information Clearing House ( NKUDIC ) , which is part of the National Institutes of Health .
Boys are more susceptible than girls to have kidney failure due to birth defects and other hereditary diseases .
African Americans in their late teens are three times more likely than Caucasians in the same age group to develop kidney failure .
" When children develop kidney failure , not only do they have the same set of co-morbidity conditions that adults get , they are more at risk on how it takes a toll in their lifetime , " said Becker .
The kidneys also regulate blood pressure , balance chemicals like sodium and potassium , and make hormones to help bones grow and keep the blood healthy by making new red blood cells .
Children with kidney disease are especially at risk for growth disturbances .
Becker cited the " classic example " of such an illness in Tiny Tim , the sickly character from Charles Dickens novel , " A Christmas Carol . "
" The kidneys do n't work well and they do n't develop muscular - skeletally and it affects their ability to function , " he said .
When kidney failure occurs , doctors are more apt to recommend an organ transplant , rather than dialysis , according to Becker .
In children aged 1 to 5 , the transplant success rate is nearly 80 percent for five years and 63 percent for 10 years .
In children 6 to 11 years , that rate is about the same for five years and drops closer to adult rates at 50 percent over 10 years .
" Dialysis for a child is very complex , " he said .
" Even with the ability to give growth hormone , it 's a very time - consuming and personally intensive treatment that requires a huge commitment of the family and child to be successful . "
The US Government Is Pushing Climate Change Like A Drug
By Alan Caruba
We all know that heroin , cocaine , and methamphetamines are addictive drugs that do a great deal of harm to those addicted to them , but the U.S. government has been pushing global warming , now called climate change , to addict Americans to the belief that the Earth is threatened when it is not .
Climate change is what has been going on for the 4.5 billion of years of Earth ’s existence .
It has nothing to do with human behavior , energy use , or carbon dioxide , the bogyman of greenhouse gases .
So why is the National Research Council , the operating arm of the National Academy of Sciences and National Academy of Engineering , preparing to release “ three new reports examining how the nation can combat the effects of global warming ” ?
Why does one of the reports focus “ on the science that supports human - induced climate change and the others review options for limiting the magnitude and adapting to the impacts of global warming ” when there is NO global warming ?
The Earth has been a distinct and well - documented cooling cycle for over a decade at this point in time !
Moreover , the U.S. government has wasted some $ 50 billion on climate change research over the course of the last two or three decades .
Do we really need three new reports — –particularly when they are going to repeat that same debunked “ science ” that has underwritten the greatest fraud of the modern era ?
May 19 is the day when the president of the National Academy of Sciences , Ralph J. Cicerone , will deliver the opening statement and members of the several panels will commit an act of scientific charlatanism by repeating the lies that have been driving the global warming fraud for way too long .
Fortunately , if you want the truth , you can attend the speakers and panels of the 4th International Conference on Climate Change that will occur May 16 - 18 in Chicago .
It is sponsored by The Heartland Institute
Could these three new reports have anything to do with the fact that a so - called climate bill , the Cap - and - Trade Act ( since renamed ) has been introduced in the Senate , having been pushed through the House in the same way as Obamacare ?
The bill is an economy - killer .
The Renewable Energy Scam
Could this have something to do with the U.S. Army hosting “ the inaugural Renewable Energy Rodeo and Symposium ” on June 8 - 9 m at Fort Bliss ?
And would somebody please tell me what fighting of our nation ’s wars has to do with renewable energy ?
Answer :
It does n’t .
But when you are in the process of corrupting science while promoting the most bogus forms of energy other than oil , natural gas , and coal , using every element of the federal government to advance your agenda is obvious .
Meanwhile , the International City / County Management Association has received a $ 5 million award from the U.S. Department of Energy to “ head a team that will work with local government leaders and stakeholders to accelerate wider adoption of solar energy .
IMCA will work with the American Planning Association , the National Association of Regional Councils , and industry experts on this new project . ”
The key words here are “ industry experts ” because , if the U.S. government was not wasting your money on solar energy , the most inefficient method of generating electricity other than wind , those in these industries would be looking for jobs waiting on tables or working a Zamboni ice smoothing machine .
Quite possibly , too , you are unaware that the National Governors Association , rather than focusing on the fact that most States are broke , will instead devote themselves to “ initiatives to improve energy efficiency , promote alternative ( solar and wind ) energy sources , and ( to ) lower greenhouse gas emissions . ”
What Americans are being subjected to is a campaign to enrich wind and solar energy producers and the sellers of “ carbon credits ” while at the same time being told that climate change is the most pressing issue facing the nation .
It is a totally invented issue .
This is criminality on a massive scale because it is criminal to impoverish Americans by advocating energy schemes that ignore our dependence on the traditional sources of energy .
Indeed , the entire industrialized and modern world depends on these sources .
It is criminal to advocate a bogus “ climate change ” whose true intent is to enrich utilities , some select large industries , and others with worthless “ carbon credits ” to be sold on exchanges controlled by Wall Street firms and environmental titans like Al Gore .
In Europe such exchanges have generated massive fraud .
While this occurs — if it does occur — Americans will pay more for electrical energy and see a significant rise in the cost of gasoline .
Manufacturing will seek friendlier nations in which to set up shop and thousands more jobs will be exported .
We must rid ourselves of the Obama administration and the Democrats in control of Congress before they achieve their goal of destroying America .
© Alan Caruba , 2010
Alan Caruba writes a daily post at Warning Signs .
A business and science writer , he is the founder of The National Anxiety Center .
Read more thought provoking articles at Warning Signs
1 2 3 next »
Spinning off from Ubuntu
by Richard Hillesley
Ubuntu is probably the best known desktop GNU / Linux distribution at street level , picking up new users by word of mouth and astute viral marketing .
So much so that for many users new to Linux , Ubuntu has become synonymous with Linux .
Linux is Ubuntu ; and Ubuntu is Linux .
But Linux and free software come in many different flavours , and the adventurous user goes in search of wider options , other distributions and new desktops .
Ubuntu is easy to install , easy to update , and easy to manage , which makes it attractive to first time users and long term Linux enthusiasts alike .
It has a regular six - monthly upgrade cycle , which makes it easy to keep up with the latest and greatest with the minimum of fuss , but also has drawbacks in the form of occasional reliability issues .
Ubuntu plays nicely with the new user who has come over from Windows or the Mac armed with curiosity and a sense of adventure , boasts better hardware support than many GNU / Linux distributions ( at least for the peripherals and proprietary wireless drivers that are the bane of many users ) and has a willing and thriving user and developer community that can provide answers to the majority of queries .
On most machines , installing Ubuntu is automatic and relatively easy .
Getting acquainted is n't too difficult and there is surprisingly little to learn .
The imagined complexities of the command line and the power of root are more or less hidden from view , or revealed slowly to new users .
The aim of Ubuntu is to appeal to desktop users who have grown up with Windows and the Mac , and who expect a familiar landscape with all the trees and windows in familiar places , who want something that " just works " and do n't really care if it 's Windows or Linux , as long as it is n't virus ridden or difficult to use .
For most users Ubuntu serves its purpose .
What 's in a distro ?
One challenge with Linux for the majority of computer users is that the shear breadth of choice on offer is extremely confusing .
Windows or Mac users at least have a strong unified brand to identify with and for many computer owners the operating system and other software is simply ' what came with the computer ' .
Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac OS software appears clearly divided between the operating system and application software .
The form of these products is driven by the commercial need to be able to sell something that is clearly defined and the only opportunity for third party contributions is in the development of applications , often with considerable control exerted by the owners of the operating system .
This form is actually an illusion because even the commercial desktop operating systems are composed of a number of building blocks ; an installation utility , device drivers , a boot manager , a system kernel , system utilities , a windows manager and a desktop manager .
When you buy Microsoft Windows or Apple Mac OS X you get all of these building blocks tailored to work together and packaged as a complete operating system .
Within these commercial organisations are teams of software engineers , with each team perhaps working on only one of the building blocks that make up the packaged operating system .
With Linux and open source this fragmented modular nature of a modern desktop operating system is much more evident .
In the early years Linux was extremely D.I.Y .
– only a few building blocks were available based around the Linux kernel ( the name of the kernel is now applied collectively to all the software that has grown up around the kernel ) .
It was expected that those wanting to use Linux would have to assemble all these blocks together and get them installed and running smoothly themselves .
As time passed more and more people became involved and groups of programmers , or even individual programmers developed their own solutions for particular tasks .
With no overall commercial imperative this meant that very often several competing solutions for the same problem emerged and the pool of available Linux related software grew in a very organic fashion .
However once the open source software movement passed a certain growth point it was obvious that there was a place for some organisation .
It made sense to gather together all the building blocks , make sure they all worked together and then to package them together with a installation utility into an operating system that could be installed fairly easily , even by those who were n't Linux programming specialists .
This is what is now known as a Linux distribution , or ' distro ' for short .
Linux distributions even have the advantage over commercial proprietary operating systems in that there is a vast pool of free applications available and as many of these as you like can be distributed along with the operating system components as a Linux distro .
Of course even though Linux distributions have made it a lot easier to install a working Linux system , confusion remains because there are now a large number of distros to choose from , all built from a different selection of components .
Ironically for those wanting to buy and install Microsoft Windows , over the years the choice has become equally confusing because there are now quite a few ' versions ' of Windows . ( trk )
A sense of adventure
Although Ubuntu offers a safe ride , many users have come to Linux because they have a sense of adventure or direct experience of Unix - like systems through their work and are looking for something more than a system that " just works " .
Unless you are one of the lucky few who bought a machine with Linux pre-installed , the move to Linux has been an affirmation , a statement of exploration and adventure , a decision to be different and to explore the possibilities of your hardware and software .
Curious users who have come to Linux through Ubuntu gain from the traditional virtues of a closer relationship with the software , the computer , and how it works , and may have become inquisitive about other versions of GNU / Linux and why they exist , the loyalties and animosities they arouse , and the experience and fun they bring .
With Linux , choice is everywhere and freedom is the watchword .
If you do n't like an application , there is always another one that does it better .
If you do n't like the colour , appearance and behaviour of your desktop , you can easily change it .
If you find GNOME too restrictive you can try KDE – the desktop of choice for many distros which are equally easy to install and use , such as Mandriva , Kubuntu , Mepis or PCLinuxOS .
If you have plenty of disk space you can run different versions of Linux side by side , and compare their relative qualities .
If you are short of disk space , you can run one of the smaller distros which will run off a USB stick or a CD , such as Damn Small Linux or Puppy Linux .
If you are short of memory , you can run a distro with a minimalist desktop such as Blackbox , LXDE , Windowmaker , E17 , ratpoison or dwm .
If you want a more thorough knowledge of your system then distros such as Gentoo , Arch Linux , Debian or Slackware are probably the place to be .
If you have specialist needs of your system you can either look for a specialist distro , or build your own .
And if you have discovered the hope and promise of free software you can look for a distro that comes closer to the ideals of the developers of the software , such as gNewSense .
Next : First steps
1 2 3 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-1009424
CoffeeScript
Language grammar for all versions of JavaScript including ES2016 and ESNext , JSX syntax as used by Facebook React , Atom 's etch and others , as well as optional typed JavaScript using Facebook flow .
This package also supports highlighting of GraphQL language constructs when inside certain JavaScript template strings .
For .graphql and .gql file support please see language - graphql .
The colour of syntax is determined by the theme in use .
By default the language - babel package will detect file types .js , .babel , .jsx , .es , .es6 , .mjs and . flow .
Use the standard ATOM interface to enable it for other file types .
This provides a grammar that scopes the file in order to colour the text in a meaningful way .
If other JavaScript grammars are enabled these may take precedence over language - babel .
Look at the bottom right status bar indicator to determine the language grammar of a file being edited .
language - babel will be shown as either Babel or Babel ES6 JavaScript .
Clicking the name will allow the grammar for a file to be changed .
all your problems are over
We may never know the answers to any of these questions
One year ago today : wrote this comic while listening to sound of water dripping and a door creaking , thought it was amazing music then realized it was hallowe 'en sfx reel i downloaded last year and never used , living with no regrets
– Ryan
Manchester City Council is trying to confirm if the mural is a Banksy A mural thought to have been created by graffiti artist Banksy in 2001 has been uncovered in Manchester city centre .
Contractors working for the council were clearing foliage from a wall in Tib Street , in the Northern Quarter , when they found the work on Tuesday .
The mural , which depicts a bulldog 's head with a poodle 's body , has the artist 's signature below .
Work has now stopped at the site , until the council can confirm whether it is a genuine Banksy .
Martin Bull , who wrote a book about the street artist , believes it was created by him .
" It is not just the quality of his work and it is certainly not just the tag which some people think it is - he does n't tag all of them .
' Relatively confident '
" This is from 2001 and there are actually photographs on the internet of it nine years ago .
" There were a lot of them in 2001 in Manchester .
There was actually one similar to this near the bus station which has recently gone .
" He has also done this image in Bristol and in the Swiss embassy in London so I 'm relatively confident . "
Councillor Pat Karney , the council 's lead member for Manchester city centre , added : " It 's really exciting .
It is already the number one attraction in the Northern Quarter . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
% of all
players
Total achievements : 33
You must be logged in to compare these stats to your own
Last night Alan Colmes had Wiley Drake on his program to discuss his latest call to imprecatory prayer against all 219 members of the House that voted for health care reform .
While it started out with Drake camping it up by playing songs and recalling his days in the rodeo , it quickly took a turn toward the morbidly absurd as Drake admitted that he does , in fact , want every member of Congress who voted for this legislation to die and then even promised Colmes that his name would be added to Drake ’s imprecatory prayer death list for his support of the legislation and the Representatives who passed it .
Colmes logically asked if that meant that Drake was therefore praying that everyone who supports this bill or these legislators should also die , to which Drake stated that since he did n’t know all the names of those millions of people he could n’t offer such a prayer , but asserted that if he did know their names , he most certainly would pray for them to die as well .
Drake ’s position is that he is not personally causing anyone to die , as that is God ’s decision ; he is merely fulfilling his obligation to engage in imprecatory prayer in order to “ pray vengeance upon the enemies of God ” and America :
Nine institutions have not offered global settlements , Mr. Cremades said , though talks are continuing with some firms .
He identified them as Credit Suisse , Vontobel , Mirabaud , Julius Baer , EFG and BBVA Switzerland , all based in Switzerland , as well as Banco Espirito Santo of Portugal , the Dutch bank ABN Amro and Barclays Spain .
Image Javier Cremades , center , helped an alliance of law firms win the settlement from banks for 720,000 victims of Madoff ’s fraud .
Credit ... Susana Vera / Reuters
Efforts to reach the banks on Friday and Monday were mostly unsuccessful .
Some stressed that they were not facing litigation .
Rebeca Garcia , a spokeswoman for Credit Suisse , said , “ We are in any case very confident that if any claim was brought forward by a client , we will defend ourselves vigorously . ”
Mr. Cremades said that the 60 law firms , in 25 countries and employing 5,000 lawyers , had received a combined $ 65 million in fees from settlements so far .
The Madoff fraud totaled $ 64.8 billion in paper losses , and the alliance estimates that it affected a record three million investors , although there were slightly more than 4,900 active direct accounts shown in the Madoff records available to investigators .
Mr. Madoff was sentenced last June to 150 years in prison .
In his most recent update , the Madoff trustee said he had recovered $ 1.5 billion that can be used to compensate 2,085 verified claims by American investors totalling $ 5.45 billion .
North Americans invested mainly through money managers , feeder funds and other hedge funds , while outside the United States , the common intermediaries were banks , using their networks in countries like Spain to offer Madoff - linked products to retail customers .
So far , settlements have been less common in the American courts because both the indirect feeder fund investors and the conduits they invested through have some incentive to stall .
The former prime minister , briefly enlisted last month by Gordon Brown to help Labour 's flagging election campaign , will lend his name to projects , make introductions and deliver advice .
Khosla Ventures has already raised more than $ 1bn from investors to bet on a range of technologies from solar power to biofuels .
Orwellian Pennsylvanian Tax Ad
This is so creepy and obviously stupid it feels like a set - up .
But it looks real and here we are :
One of the most common arguments from the religious is that without God there would be no morality .
Non-believers reject this , and there ’s an easy though experiment way to see which side you fall on .
So , to those who do subscribe to a mainstream religion such as Christianity , Judaism , or Islam , consider this :
Imagine that one day God comes to earth and announces a new rule that says it ’s a moral responsibility of all believers to kill anyone who does n’t have a copy of your religion ’s Holy book in his / her house .1 .
The question is : would you instantly accept this as morally acceptable because it came from God , or would you reject it because it ’s wrong to kill someone for such a thing ?
And here are the results .
If you would immediately start killing people because God told you to ( and therefore the command was “ moral ” by definition ) , then your morality comes from God .
But if you would question and / or reject this command because it feels “ wrong ” to you , then your morality comes from somewhere else .
Which are you ?
Notes
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
This Easter , Britons will eat their way through 80 million chocolate eggs but would we have such a sweet tooth if we knew how it was harvested ?
Sixty per cent of cocoa beans found in chocolate on UK shop shelves are sourced in Ghana and Ivory Coast .
Fatao is a 12 - year - old boy from Burkina Faso who Panorama discovers working on a cocoa farm in Ghana .
He is just one of thousands of trafficked children helping to feed the world 's appetite for chocolate .
Panorama - Chocolate : The Bitter Truth is on BBC One , Wednesday 24 March at 2100GMT .
Hiroko Masuike for The New York Times
About 12 hours had passed since a T - shirt vendor in Times Square had alerted police to a suspicious S.U.V. that was packed with a bomb .
But by 7 a.m. Sunday , with the S.U.V. towed away and the streets safe and reopened , the vendor was tired , cranky and reluctant to say much about his feat .
“ I ’m fed up , ” said the vendor , who declined to give his name as he headed toward a taxicab in Times Square around 7 a.m .
“ We ’ve been up since 6 a.m. of yesterday morning . ”
The vendor , who was swarmed by television cameras , wore a name tag around his neck that identified him as Lance Orton .
A law enforcement official confirmed that his first name was Lance .
The vendor had seen smoke billowing from the rear of the S.U.V. , which was parked awkwardly near the curb and was running , shortly before 6:30 p.m. on Saturday .
Within moments , the vendor alerted a mounted police officer ; the officer smelled gunpowder near the car and an evacuation of Times Square was ordered .
Around 6:30 a.m. on Sunday , the vendor and several others he worked with collected the T - shirts and tables they had abandoned on 45th Street and Broadway when Times Square was first evacuated .
After collecting his belongings , the vendor walked down 45th Street in search of a taxicab to take him home .
“ I ’m not going to say nothing , I ’m not going to say nothing , ” he said when first approached by a gaggle of reporters .
As he walked down the street , employees from Junior ’s restaurant stood outside applauding him .
He briefly entered the restaurant before heading toward 44th Street .
He walked with a limp , had a cane , wore a white fedora and had a hoop earring in his right ear .
When asked if he was proud of his actions , he said : “ Of course , man .
I ’m a veteran .
What do you think ? ”
The vendor said that he had served during the Vietnam War and had been selling wares on the street for about 20 years .
“ I do n’t have too much of a choice , nobody ’s giving me a job , ” he said .
He said that he was reluctant to speak with members of the media because they had twisted his words when they interviewed him in recent years .
He got into the back seat of the taxi , took off his hat and used it to fan his face .
Before he left , he was asked what he had to say to New Yorkers .
“ See something , say something , ” he said .
Not all Republicans are racists but racists are more than likely to be Republicans , according to comedian Bill Maher .
Critics accuse Arizona 's Republican legislature of creating a law that will affect non-whites disproportionately .
" Government power bothers conservatives unless it 's directed at people that are not white .
It seems like there is something like that going on , " Maher said on ABC Sunday .
Conservative columnist George Will seemed to take Maher 's words personally .
" Mr. Maher , just said -- if i heard him right -- that conservatives basically are racists and like government intrusion only against people that are n't white , " said Will .
" Let me defend myself , " countered Maher .
" I would never say and I have never said , because it's not true that Republicans , all republicans are racists .
That would be silly and wrong .
But now days , if you are racist , you 're probably a Republican .
And that is quite different , " explained Maher .
But that was n't a topic that ABC's Jake Tapper was willing to cover .
" That 's a whole other round table conversation , " Tapper said as he quickly changed the subject .
Officials in California have launched a voter fraud investigation after dozens of people in Orange County said they had been tricked into registering as Republicans by campaigners who said they were petitioning for marijuana decriminalization and other causes .
An investigative report published in the Orange County Register found that “ the con occurred at the end of January and the beginning of February at places like Cypress College and Golden West College , and outside of discount stores like Wal - Mart and Food 4 Less . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Register reported :
Since mid-March , at least 99 written complaints have been submitted to state elections officials by Orange County residents who say they were registered to vote Republican without their consent .
The Register found an additional 74 voters who said they were duped or coerced into registering to vote as a Republican by signature gatherers who initially asked them to sign petitions for causes like legalizing marijuana , fighting cancer or cleaning up beaches .
[ Targeted individuals ] were rushing to class or heading to their car or on their way to the store when a signature gatherer stopped them and asked if they ’d like to sign a petition .
Harried but wanting to help , they listened to the pitch , liked what they heard and signed Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ and then watched as the petitioner produced more papers to fill out .
Now suddenly faced with more to sign , they scribbled their information as fast as they could , many failing to notice that they were filling out a voter registration card .
The campaigners evidently targeted people generally considered less likely to be politically active , such as young voters .
The Register reports all the voters it identified as having been scammed were under 28 years old , and “ many said they knew little about politics or voting .
A few , when told they were listed on the county voter rolls as a Republican , asked , ‘ What is a Republican ? ' ”
So far , it is not clear whether the responsibility for the alleged fraud leads to the Orange County Republican Party .
The party last week requested that the district attorney investigate the allegations , which the DA is now doing , with the help of California ’s secretary of state .
But the Register suggests that the blame may lie with the county GOP ’s practice of paying an $ 8 “ bounty ” for every new Republican registration .
“ With this particular system , the incentives are there for petitioners to incorrectly or fraudulently submit voter registration materials without the voter ’s knowledge , ” CalTech political science professor R. Michael Alvarez told the Register .
“ Clearly , if we could eliminate these bounties , it would eliminate the incentive . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Orange County Democratic Party has ripped into their Republican rivals over the issue .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ For the second time since 2006 , Orange County Republican - paid operatives have engaged in deceptive and fraudulent voter registration by signing up college students as Republican voters without their consent , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â county party chairman Frank Barbaro said in a statement .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ I am calling for the Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœgrownupsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ in the Republican Party to step up and start acting as responsible adults and to stop this voter registration fraud .
Paying an $ 8 Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœbountyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ to operatives who in turn deceive students who sign registration cards is not only illegal but an act of desperation by a political party whose appeal is fading fast in Orange County and across the nation . ”
Barbaro was referring to a similar situation in Orange County in 2006 , when the Register “ found a similar fraud pattern in Orange County that was blamed , in part , on the bounty paid to signature gatherers .
That year 167 voters complained to election officials that they were switched to Republican registration without their permission . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Reigster ’s investigation has been ongoing for the past two weeks .
It was brought to the national media ’s attention by TalkingPointsMemo .
Nick Clegg , 11 am , Wednesday 19 May 2010 .
I have spent my whole political life fighting to open up politics .
So let me make one thing very clear : this government is going to be unlike any other .
This government is going to transform our politics so the state has far less control over you , and you have far more control over the state .
This government is going to break up concentrations of power and hand power back to people , because that is how we build a society that is fair .
This government is going to persuade you to put your faith in politics once again .
I 'm not talking about a few new rules for MPs ; not the odd gesture or gimmick to make you feel a bit more involved .
I 'm talking about the most significant programme of empowerment by a British government since the great enfranchisement of the 19th century .
The biggest shake - up of our democracy since 1832 , when the Great Reform
Act redrew the boundaries of British democracy , for the first time extending the franchise beyond the landed classes .
Landmark legislation , from politicians who refused to sit back and do nothing while huge swaths of the population remained helpless against vested interests .
Who stood up for the freedom of the many , not the privilege of the few .
A spirit this government will draw on as we deliver our programme for political reform : a power revolution .
A fundamental resettlement of the relationship between state and citizen that puts you in charge .
So , no , incremental change will not do .
It is time for a wholesale , big - bang approach to political reform .
That 's what this government will deliver .
It is outrageous that decent , law - abiding people are regularly treated as if they have something to hide .
It has to stop .
So there will be no ID card scheme .
No national identity register , no second - generation biometric passports .
We wo n't hold your internet and email records when there is no just reason to do so .
CCTV will be properly regulated , as will the DNA database , with restrictions on the storage of innocent people 's DNA .
And we will end practices that risk making Britain a place where our children grow up so used to their liberty being infringed that they accept it without question .
There will be no ContactPoint children 's database .
Schools will not take children 's fingerprints without even asking their parent 's consent .
This will be a government that is proud when British citizens stand up against illegitimate advances of the state .
That values debate , that is unafraid of dissent .
That 's why we 'll remove limits on the rights to peaceful protest .
It 's why we 'll review libel laws so that we can better protect freedom of speech .
And as we tear through the statute book , we 'll do something no government ever has :
We will ask you which laws you think should go .
Because thousands of criminal offences were created under the previous government . . .
Taking people 's freedom away did n't make our streets safe .
Obsessive lawmaking simply makes criminals out of ordinary people .
So , we 'll get rid of the unnecessary laws , and once they 're gone , they wo n't come back .
We will introduce a mechanism to block pointless new criminal offences .
And we will , of course , introduce safeguards to prevent the misuse of anti-terrorism legislation .
There have been too many cases of individuals being denied their rights . . .
And whole communities being placed under suspicion .
This government will do better by British justice .
Respecting great , British freedoms . . .
Which is why we 'll also defend trial by jury .
Second , reform of our politics .
Reform to reduce the power of political elites . . .
And to drag Westminster into the 21st century .
Starting with the House of Lords .
Did you know we 've been talking about reforming the House of Lords for over a hundred and fifty years ?
It 's one of the areas where all the parties agree .
The time for talk is over .
This government will replace the House of Lords with an elected second chamber . . .
Where members are elected by a proportional voting system .
There will be a committee charged specifically with making this happen . . .
But make no mistake : that committee will not be yet another government talking shop .
This will be a dedicated group devoted to kick - starting real reform .
The same haste will be applied to fixed - term parliaments .
It 's just wrong that governments can play politics with something as important as a general election . . .
Cynically picking the date to maximise their own advantage .
So this government has already set the date we think the next election should be :
May 7th 2015 -- no matter who is where in the polls .
That is , unless parliament votes to dissolve itself first .
As we legislate to fix parliamentary terms the details will of course need to be worked out . . .
But we believe that the support of 55 per cent of MPs or more should be required for parliament to opt for an early dissolution .
That is a much lower threshold than the two - thirds required in the Scottish Parliament .
But it strikes the right balance for our parliament : maintaining stability , stopping parties from forcing a dissolution to serve their own interests .
Former Labour ministers who were once perfectly happy to ride roughshod over our democracy and are now declaring this innovation some sort of outrage are completely missing the point :
This is a new right for parliament , additional to the existing powers of no confidence .
We 're not taking away parliament 's right to throw out government ; we 're taking away government 's right to throw out parliament .
Parliament 's power will be strengthened as we bring forward the proposals of the Wright committee , put forward in November .
Starting with provisions to give MPs much more control over Commons business .
And , in addition to strengthening parliament , we will of course make sure we 've cleaned it up .
Which is why I have already commissioned work on introducing the power of recall .
If your MP is corrupt , you will be able to sack them .
You will need the support of 10 per cent of people living in the constituency . . .
And your MP will have had to have been found guilty of serious wrongdoing . . .
But it happens in Switzerland , in Canada , in 18 US states . . .
And it 's going to happen here .
We will regulate lobbying in parliament .
Not all lobbying is sleazy .
Much of it serves a hugely important function , allowing different organisations and interests to make representations to politicians .
But let 's get real : this is a £ 2bn industry where , according to some estimates , there are MPs who are approached by lobbyists a hundred times every week . . .
And that activity needs to be regulated properly and made transparent .
Which we 'll do , for example , by introducing a statutory register of lobbyists .
As long as money plays such a big part in our politics , we are never going to curtail the tyranny of vested interests .
That 's why David Cameron and I are determined to reform party funding .
All of the parties have had their problems . . .
And governments have been stopping and starting on this issue for years .
But so long as big money continues to hollow out our democracy . . .
Everybody loses .
So we will pursue a detailed agreement on limiting donations and reforming party funding in order to deal with this once and for all .
And we 'll act to tackle electoral fraud , too , speeding up the implementation of individual voter registration .
There is , however , no programme to reform our political system that is complete without reform of our voting system .
This government will be putting to you , in a referendum , the choice to introduce a new voting system , called the Alternative Vote .
Under that new system , far more MPs will have to secure support from at least half the people who vote in their constituency . . .
And , hand in hand with that change , there will be new constituency boundaries , reducing the number of MPs overall and creating constituencies that are more equal in size .
David Cameron and I are very relaxed about the fact we may be arguing different cases in that referendum .
But my position is clear : the current voting system , first - past - the - post , is a major block to lasting political change .
According to some estimates , over half the seats in the Commons are " safe " . . . giving hundreds of MPs jobs for life . . . meaning that millions of people see their votes go to waste .
Is it any surprise that , with a system like that , we end up with politicians who are seen to be out of touch with the people they serve ?
New politics needs fairer votes .
This referendum will be our opportunity to start to make that happen .
The third , and final step , is the redistribution of power away from the centre .
It 's something the Prime Minister spoke about yesterday , and it is something we strongly believe .
All politicians say they want to give people more control over their lives .
This government is going to make it happen .
In fact , if there is one area where the differences between Liberal Democrats and Conservatives are almost impossible to spot , it 's here .
We do n't , unlike Labour , believe that change in our society must be forced from the centre .
Unlike the previous Labour government , we 're not insecure about relinquishing control .
So rest assured , you will get more control over the hospitals you use ; the schools you send your children to ; the homes that are built in your community .
In our legislative programme we will be setting out plans to strip away government 's unelected , inefficient quangos , plans to loosen the centralised grip of the Whitehall bureaucracy , plans to disperse power downwards to you instead .
And we are serious about giving councils much more power over the money they use , so they depend less on the whims of Whitehall , and can deliver the services and support their communities need .
We know that devolution of power is meaningless without money .
Our plans to disperse power also include strengthening devolution to other parts of Britain :
Working with Holyrood to implement the recommendations of the Calman commission . . .
Working with the Welsh Assembly on introducing a referendum on the transfer of further powers to Wales . . .
Supporting the continued success of the devolved government in Northern Ireland .
And , of course , asking what we can do about the difficult issues surrounding the West Lothian Question .
So , the repeal of illiberal laws , the reform of politics , and the redistribution of power .
Our very own Great Reform Act .
Not everyone will like it .
Not every MP . . .
Not the vested interests that want government to stay closed , opaque , easily captured .
But this new government , this new kind of government , creates an enormous opportunity for those of us who have spent our lives fighting for political reform .
This is a moment to step back and look at every shortcoming in our democracy . . .
Before we launch into the most radical programme of reform , empowerment , enfranchisement in over a century .
A programme so important to me personally that I will take full responsibility for seeing it through .
And as I do , I will be open , I will be ambitious , and I will listen .
I 'll still be holding my town hall meetings , that I 've been holding for the last two years , around the country , where you can come and ask me whatever you like .
The next one is actually in Sheffield on Friday .
As I lead the transformation of our political system , I want you to tell me how you want your politics to be .
Power will be yours .
That is new politics .
Could 2010 be the year when the authorities finally clamp down on the internet – and in the process abolish some fundamental liberties we have been taking for granted for a very long time ?
The answer from two cases – one now over , though possibly subject to appeal , the other going forward to a full hearing later this year – could be a very worrying affirmative .
First up is the case that got the green light yesterday .
As already reported by The Register , Kent Police are in the process of using the Obscene Publications
Act as a means to prosecute an individual , Gavin Smith , of Swanscombe for publishing obscenity in respect of a log of a private online chat he had with another individual .
Due to reporting restrictions , we are unable to give any further details of the alleged content of the conversation at this point in time .
What is beyond dispute is that this case marks an extension of the OPA into an area that its originators could never have envisaged – to wit , text chat or , as most internet users would regard it , person - to - person conversation .
The legal principle at stake here is whether internet chat constitutes " publication " in the ordinary sense of the word , or can be treated as private conversation .
If the former is the conclusion , then anyone with even a passing interest in more extreme fantasies ( not just underage , but also BDSM , rape and other matters currently covered by the extreme porn laws ) may need to be very careful in respect of any online conversations they have in future .
IRC will no longer be quite the refuge of the bizarre and the outlandish it once was .
Yesterday ’s hearing , before magistrates in Gravesend ( the date was moved from May 6 ) resulted in the date of a committal hearing being agreed for 9 July .
At that time , a judge may decide that the case has no legal merit .
Otherwise , a date will then be set for trial , and the seriousness of this matter will escalate another notch .
Meanwhile , tweeters , bloggers and anyone else in the habit of spraying their views thoughtlessly around the internet should be very worried indeed by the actual ruling given in respect of Paul Chambers , recently found guilty of the offence of sending a menacing message via a public telecommunications network .
As reported previously , Chambers was found guilty of sending a menacing message in respect of a frustrated tweet , which read : " Crap ! Robin Hood Airport is closed .
You ’ve got a week and a bit to get your shit together , otherwise I ’m blowing the airport sky high ! "
The key issue here is that District Judge , Jonathan Bennett , in ruling that this tweet fell foul of section 127 of the Communications
Act 2003 , seems to have interpreted that law as meaning that whether or not a text or message is construed as threatening will depend not on the intent of the sender – but on how that message is viewed by its recipient .
The full text of the judgment – plus legal analysis – is given here .
However , the very real concern is that in future this ruling , if allowed to stand , suggests that you may be committing a criminal offence if you use Twitter as a " public electronic communications network " to send messages that are " grossly offensive , indecent , obscene , menacing , annoying , inconveniencing or causing needless anxiety " . ®
A new study led by the University of Adelaide 's Environment Institute in Australia has ranked most of the world 's countries for their environmental impact .
The research uses seven indicators of environmental degradation to form two rankings - a proportional environmental impact index , where impact is measured against total resource availability , and an absolute environmental impact index measuring total environmental degradation at a global scale .
Led by the Environment Institute 's Director of Ecological Modelling Professor Corey Bradshaw , the study has been published in the on- line , peer - reviewed science journal PLoS ONE ( found at www.plosone.org).
The world 's 10 worst environmental performers according to the proportional environmental impact index ( relative to resource availability ) are : Singapore , Korea , Qatar , Kuwait , Japan , Thailand , Bahrain , Malaysia , Philippines and Netherlands .
In absolute global terms , the 10 countries with the worst environmental impact are ( in order , worst first ) : Brazil , USA , China , Indonesia , Japan , Mexico , India , Russia , Australia and Peru .
The indicators used were natural forest loss , habitat conversion , fisheries and other marine captures , fertiliser use , water pollution , carbon emissions from land use and species threat .
" The environmental crises currently gripping the planet are the corollary of excessive human consumption of natural resources , " said Professor Bradshaw .
" There is considerable and mounting evidence that elevated degradation and loss of habitats and species are compromising ecosystems that sustain the quality of life for billions of people worldwide . "
Professor Bradshaw said these indices were robust and comprehensive and , unlike existing rankings , deliberately avoided including human health and economic data - measuring environmental impact only .
The study , in collaboration with the National University of Singapore and Princeton University , found that the total wealth of a country ( measured by gross national income ) was the most important driver of environmental impact .
" We correlated rankings against three socio- economic variables ( human population size , gross national income and governance quality ) and found that total wealth was the most important explanatory variable - the richer a country , the greater its average environmental impact , " Professor Bradshaw said .
There was no evidence to support the popular idea that environmental degradation plateaus or declines past a certain threshold of per capital wealth ( known as the Kuznets curve hypothesis ) .
" There is a theory that as wealth increases , nations have more access to clean technology and become more environmentally aware so that the environmental impact starts to decline .
This was n't supported , " he said .
###
Professor Bradshaw also holds a joint position with the South Australian Research and Development Institute ( SARDI ) .
Report : CIA Deputy Director Helped Cover Up Detainee Death
Created : April 01 , 2010 10:16 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
That ’s a shocking account about Steve Kappes , then the powerful associate deputy CIA director for operations , provided by The Washington Post ’s Jeff Stein in a new Washingtonian profile of the powerful and widely respected deputy director :
According to an internal investigation , [ Kappes ] helped tailor the agency ’s paper trail regarding the death of a detainee at a secret CIA interrogation facility in Afghanistan , known internally as the Salt Pit .
The detainee froze to death after being doused with water , stripped naked , and left alone overnight , according to reports in the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times .
He was secretly buried and his death kept “ off - the - books , ” the Post said .
According to two former officials who read a CIA inspector general ’s report on the incident , Kappes coached the base chief — whose identity is being withheld at the request of the CIA — on how to respond to the agency ’s investigators .
They would report it as an accident .
A CIA spokesman vigorously denied all aspects of that account to Stein , whose sources stand by it .
I am filing a Freedom of Information
Act request this morning for the CIA inspector general ’s report allegedly implicating Kappes in the Salt Pit death .
Sometimes , the simplest solutions are the smartest .
That ’s the case with Microsoft ’s sleep proxy project , which preserves remote access to corporate desktop machines while allowing them to remain in sleep mode .
Consider : Many people leave their work PCs on when they leave in case they need to access files while at home or at meetings .
Powering them up and down takes lots of juice , too .
IT departments also may want PCs powered on to perform maintenance .
But this wastes energy–a big problem when you take into account that enterprise desktop computers consume an estimated 65 TWh of energy each year ( equivalent to the entire domestic energy consumption of Romania ) .
Microsoft ’s solution : a so - called sleep server that maintains the network presence of a sleeping computer so that it can be awoken when someone requests remote access .
No special hardware is required , and according to Microsoft representatives , the server does n’t significantly impact the time that it takes for a computer to wake back up when someone returns to the office .
Microsoft is already testing the sleep server at its Redmond campus with positive results .
Once the technology is released to the public , we ca n’t imagine why energy - conscious companies would n’t jump on it immediately .
Try this utility from Paul Rademacher 's site , which overlays a scaled representation of the Deepwater Horizon spill onto a Google Earth view of any city you choose .
( May require a Google Earth web plug - in , available at the site linked above .
I 've used that plugin for a long time with no ill effects . )
For instance , here is how the spill would look as applied to Washington DC .
Click for larger .
And , just quickly a few other cities I 'm familiar with .
First the SF Bay Area , then Tokyo , then Duluth MN .
You can choose any place .
For later discussion : the surprising power that different visual renderings of reality can have , in changing our ability to understand , or at least begin to envision , what is going on around us .
( This is not just a brush - off : I actually have a little discourse pending on the topic . )
In this case , Rademacher , who works for Google Earth , points out on his site that it is very hard to imagine the scale of things we see in the open ocean .
Suddenly it becomes much more comprehensible and dramatic when mapped this way .
The only possible benefit of this catastrophe could be forcing or allowing people to understand differently the scale of environmental damage now being done , and thereby catalyzing some new form of action .
Yes , I 'm struggling to look for a benefit .
For the moment , thanks to Rademacher for this new view of reality , and to his colleague Michael Jones for the lead .
Los restos del creador de La Familia Burr�n son velados en una agencia funeraria de Sullivan
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Martes 25 de mayo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
15:20
Another article on intellectual property enforcement ?
Yes , since I consider this to be the most important struggle technology has to face over the coming decade .
We already know that content providers do n’t care one bit about hard - fought concepts like freedom and privacy , but the joint proposals by the RIAA and MPAA to the US Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator really blew my brains out : monitoring software installed on people ’s computers , border inspections – it ’s all there , and then some .
As you may recall , the US Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator made a request late February for comments on how the United States should handle intellectual property enforcement within the current administration .
Apart from advice from the public and organisations like the Electronic Frontier Foundation , big content itself is of course also allowed to shine their light on the matter .
Which is good .
What is n’t good , sadly , are the idiotic measures they ’ve come up with .
If it were up to the RIAA , MPAA , and similar organisations , the American public ’s privacy is n’t worth a darn dime .
For instance , they state that people should install software on their computers that continuously scans the hard drive for files that may infringe copyright , similar to how antivirus software works .
While they add the “ voluntary ” modifier , the Sony rootkit fiasco has shown us that these people are not to be trusted .
Not only should such software be installed and used by ordinary people , network administrators should install them network - wide as well .
Big content already managed to buy talk US Congress into forcing institutions of higher education into employing such technologies on their campuses back in 2008 .
If that was n’t enough , big content also wants to use border controls and customs as means to combat intellectual property infringement .
They want customs to inquire people about infringing content , and taking into account the contents of the latest leaked ACTA proposals , this would also include unlimited access to digital music players and laptops at the border .
But wait , there ’s more !
The RIAA and MPAA also want to bully countries with more modern and balanced copyright laws , such as The Netherlands .
They suggest using the infamous Special 301 report , a list which identifies countries that , according to the RIAA , MPAA , and BSA have too loose IP protection laws .
What ’s too loose ?
Canada is listed because it requires customs to have court orders before searching digital devices at the border .
Chile is listed because it instated fair use exceptions to copyright .
Israel is listed because DMCA - like legislation was rejected there because it was deemed ineffective .
Countries listed in the Special 301 report would then be “ put [… ] on notice that dealing with such hotbeds of copyright theft will be an important topic of bilateral engagement with the U.S. in the year to come ” .
In other words , the US should sour relationships with allied countries just because their democratic processes work better ( and thus more accurately reflect the will of the people , namely that individual downloading and fair use are not wrong ) .
Lastly , the RIAA and MPAA want to enact a joint task force with the FBI and Department of Homeland Security that should pro-actively prevent the leaking of summer blockbusters ( among other things ) .
“ An interagency task force should work with industry to coordinate and make advance plans to try to interdict these most damaging forms of copyright theft , and to react swiftly with enforcement actions where necessary , ” they say .
I wish I was making this stuff up .
We can laugh all we want ( and as a Dutchman living with relatively modern copyright laws , I most certainly do point and laugh ) , but the fact of the matter is that these proposals are not as unlikely to be accepted as it seems .
The Obama administration has already sided squarely with the ACTA proposals , which are more or less exactly the same .
Do n’t be surprised to see these proposals come into effect sooner rather than later .
Since I do n’t want to be writing the same thing over and over again , let me just copy what I said in a comment on our previous article about this subject .
Should the government have protected companies that made carriages when cars became popular ?
Should they have supported typewriter makers when word processing software became capable enough ?
Should they spend tax dollars supporting oil companies once an alternative becomes available ?
If the Microsoft Windows ecosystem were to ever suffer some sort of devastating blow leading to a mass exodus of users , should the government enact laws to force people to use Windows and buy Windows software anyway , because else so many jobs would be lost ?
Or… Should companies and business models just adapt or die ?
What ’s more important to you , Mr President ?
Those juicy RIAA / MPAA campaign dollars , or the rights of the American people ?
Irani , the 52 - million - dollar man
IT IS too soon to call it a trend , but the fact that America 's normally passive shareholders have voted against executive pay packages at two big companies within a week suggests that something is going on .
The 54 % of votes cast against the remuneration of Sanjay Jha , Motorola 's chief executive , at the phonemaker 's annual meeting on May 3rd , marked the first time that American shareholders had ever rejected a boss 's pay .
Four days later they did it again , voting against the wages of Ray Irani , boss of Occidental Petroleum .
Such expressions of discontent are unprecedented in America , not least because until recently no one bothered to ask shareholders to approve executive pay .
Last year was the first time a significant number of American firms gave shareholders a “ say on pay ” , although the votes are usually not binding , and many of the firms that have adopted them were forced to do so as a condition of a government bail - out .
This year around 300 big companies are giving shareholders a vote .
If certain proposals in the financial - reform bill now before Congress become law , say on pay will become the norm for American public companies , as it already is in Britain .
In 2003 Jean - Pierre Garnier , the chief executive at the time of GlaxoSmithKline , became the first boss to lose a shareholder vote under the say - on - pay rules adopted in Britain a year earlier .
The first two Americans to suffer the indignity of defeat made obvious targets .
The $ 52.2 m that Occidental paid Mr Irani for his services in 2009 not only made him the highest - paid boss at America 's 200 biggest firms ; it also made him one of the most overpaid , once the performance of his firm 's shares is taken into account .
Graef Crystal , a veteran analyst of undeserved executive pay , had singled out Mr Irani 's package for criticism on the grounds that the payment was in cash and that Mr Irani 's performance targets had been lowered .
As for Mr Jha , Motorola 's board seems to have ignored the shot fired across its bow by shareholders last year , when over one - third of them opposed his pay package .
The board 's decision to give him a stake of up to 3 % in the company he will run if Motorola is split in two , or a guaranteed payment if the planned break - up does not happen by June 2011 , seems to have provoked the No vote .
One test of the significance of the two reversals will be how the boards of Motorola and Occidental respond .
So far they have only issued boilerplate comments , promising to engage with shareholders “ to get a better understanding of any specific concerns they may have ” ( Motorola ) and to use their input to “ re-evaluate the company 's compensation philosophy , objectives and policies ” ( Occidental ) .
Another test will be how widespread shareholder activism on pay becomes .
Saying no to the greediest outliers may have little impact on remuneration at the average firm .
“ I 'd have liked to see more No votes at other companies , ” says Nell Minow of the Corporate Library , which conducts research on corporate governance .
She had expected pay at firms bailed out by the government to come under close scrutiny from shareholders , but so far that particular dog has failed to bark .
In Britain , No votes have remained a rarity since shareholders snubbed Mr Garnier .
Indeed , it was not until last year that another pay package got a majority of No votes — that of Royal Dutch Shell 's senior executives .
However , activists argue that the right to vote on pay has led to far more consultation of shareholders by boards seeking to ensure that pay packages will not be controversial .
Lucian Bebchuk of Harvard Law School argues that shareholder rights in general are less strong in America than Britain , “ so there may be less pressure on boards to react to signals sent by shareholders . ”
It is much harder for American shareholders , for example , to force out recalcitrant directors .
So much will depend on two other reforms currently under consideration in Congress .
The first would require would - be directors to win a majority of votes cast to secure seats on a board .
At present at many American firms , directors can be elected despite overwhelming opposition if no other candidates win more votes — something that is quite common because it is hard to get onto the ballot in the first place .
For that reason , the second reform would make it easier for shareholders to nominate candidates .
Thus empowered , shareholders should be able to sling off the board members of compensation committees who ignore their advice on pay .
In particular , they would be likely to target the chair of the compensation committee — people such as Spencer Abraham , a former energy secretary and senator who holds the position at Occidental , and Samuel Scott , a former boss of Corn Products International , at Motorola — who are arguably more to blame for excessive pay packages than the bosses who receive them .
Two weeks ago , the United States National Academy of Sciences published its clearest ever report on the science of climate change .
It concluded : " Climate change is occurring , is caused largely by human activities , and poses significant risks for a broad range of human and natural systems . "
Over recent years , particularly during the George W Bush administration , the academy has faced great challenges in presenting the science of climate change to domestic policymakers , many of whom have been in denial about the consequences of greenhouse gas emissions .
But with Barack Obama in the White House , the academy has been more able to offer scientific advice that some politicians may find inconvenient .
So it is ironic that just as the leading scientists in the US give their clearest warning about climate change , we now see suggestions that some fellows of UK 's national academy of science , the Royal Society , might be disputing the evidence .
Last December , ahead of the United Nations conference in Copenhagen , the society published a statement entitled Preventing dangerous climate change , which was unequivocal .
It said : " It is certain that GHG [ greenhouse gas ] emissions from the burning of fossil fuels and from land use change lead to a warming of climate , and it is very likely that these GHGs are the dominant cause of the global warming that has been taking place over the last 50 years . "
But now , 43 of the society 's 1,489 fellows have written to complain about some of its statements about climate change published over the last few years .
It is not clear exactly what the 43 have concerns about .
And because their identities have not been made public , we do not know whether any of them are climate researchers .
There are certainly some fellows working outside climate science who dispute the findings of mainstream researchers .
One such is Anthony Kelly , a member of the academic advisory council of the Global Warming Policy Foundation , a lobby group set up by Nigel Lawson last year to promote scepticism about climate change .
Professor Kelly is an 81 - year - old distinguished research fellow in materials science and metallurgy at Cambridge University .
The other members of the GWPF 's academic advisory council include Ian Plimer , the Australian geologist who has wrongly claimed that volcanoes produce more carbon dioxide than human activities .
The news that 43 fellows apparently disagree with the society is likely to generate even further public confusion about the causes and consequences of climate change .
A YouGov poll published earlier this week found that 40 % of the public either do not believe climate change is happening , or think scientists are divided about its occurrence , compared with 32 % last year .
The Royal Society is carrying out a review of its statements on climate change in response to the fellows ' letter .
It will no doubt prefer to remain silent until the review is completed .
But given the impact of the controversies over the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , it would be better if the 43 fellows made their concerns public , and the society clarified where it stands on the scientific evidence about climate change .
• Bob Ward is policy and communications director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics and Political Science , and was head of media relations at the Royal Society until September 2006 .
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — Military tension on the Korean peninsula rose Thursday after North Korea threatened to attack any South Korean ships entering its waters and Seoul held anti-submarine drills in response to the March sinking of a navy vessel blamed on Pyongyang .
Separately , the chief U.S. military commander in South Korea criticized the North over the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in which 46 sailors died , telling the communist country to stop its aggressive actions .
North Korean reaction was swift .
The military declared it would scrap accords with the South designed to prevent armed clashes at their maritime border , including the cutting of a military hot line , and warned of " prompt physical strikes " if any South Korean ships enter what the North says are its waters in a disputed area off the west coast of the peninsula .
A multinational team of investigators said May 20 that a North Korean torpedo sank the 1,200 - ton ship .
Seoul announced punitive measures , including slashing trade and resuming anti-Pyongyang propaganda over radio and loudspeakers aimed at the North .
North Korea has denied attacking the ship , which sank near disputed western waters where the Koreas have fought three bloody sea battles since 1999 .
" The facts and evidence laid out by the joint international investigation team are very compelling .
That is why I have asked the Security Council to fulfill their responsibility to keep peace and stability ... to take the necessary measures , keeping in mind the gravity of this situation , " U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said as he opened a conference in Brazil meant to help find solutions to global conflicts .
Inter - Korean political and economic ties have been steadily deteriorating since the February 2008 inauguration of South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , who vowed a tougher line on the North and its nuclear program .
The sinking of the Cheonan has returned military tensions — and the prospect of armed conflict — to the forefront .
Off the west coast , 10 South Korean warships , including a 3,500 - ton destroyer , fired artillery and other guns and dropped anti-submarine bombs during a one - day exercise to boost readiness , the navy said .
South Korea also is planning two major military drills with the U.S. by July in a display of force intended to deter aggression by North Korea , according to South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Gen . Walter Sharp , chief of the 28,500 U.S. troops in South Korea , said the United States , South Korea and other members of the U.N. Command " call on North Korea to cease all acts of provocation and to live up with the terms of past agreements , including the armistice agreement . "
The U.S. fought on the South Korean side during the 1950 - 53 Korean War , which ended in an armistice , not a peace treaty .
North Korea has long demanded a permanent peace agreement .
The prospect of another eruption of serious fighting has been constant on the Korean peninsula since the war ended .
But it had been largely out of focus in the past decade as North and South Korea took steps to end enmity and distrust , such as launching joint economic projects and holding two summits .
The sinking of the warship , however , clearly caught South Korea — which has a far more modern and advanced military than its impoverished rival — off guard .
" I think one of the big conclusions that we can draw from this is that , in fact , military readiness in the West Sea had become very lax , " said Carl Baker , an expert on Korean military relations at the Pacific Forum CSIS think tank in Honolulu , calling it nothing short of an " indictment " of Seoul 's preparedness .
South Korean and U.S. militaries are taking pains to warn the North that such an embarrassment will not happen again .
South Korean media reported Thursday that the U.S. - South Korean combined forces command led by Sharp raised its surveillance level , called Watch Condition , by a step from level 3 to level 2 .
Level 1 is the highest .
The increased alert level means U.S. spy satellites and U - 2 spy planes will intensify their reconnaissance of North Korea , the JoongAng Ilbo newspaper said , citing an unidentified South Korean official .
The South Korean and U.S. militaries would not confirm any changes to the alert level .
It would be the first change since North Korea carried out a nuclear test in May 2009 , a South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff officer said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy .
A South Korean Defense Ministry official said Seoul will " resolutely " deal with the North 's measures announced Thursday , but did not elaborate .
He spoke on condition of anonymity , citing department policy .
South Korea 's military said there were no signs of unusual activity by North Korean troops .
Despite the tensions , most analysts feel the prospect of war remains remote because North Korea knows what 's at stake .
" I do n't think they 're really interested in going to war , " said Daniel Pinkston , a Seoul - based analyst for the International Crisis Group think tank .
" Because if it 's all - out war , then I 'm convinced it would mean the absolute destruction " of North Korea .
" And their country would cease to exist . "
Thousands of South Korean veterans of the Korean and Vietnam wars rallied Thursday in Seoul , beating a life - sized rubber likeness of North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il with wooden sticks and stabbing it with knives .
" Dialogue wo n't work with these North Korean devils , " said Mo Hyo- sang , an 81 - year - old Korean War veteran .
In Moscow , the Kremlin said President Dmitry Medvedev sent a group of experts to Seoul to study the findings of the investigation into the ship disaster .
" Medvedev considers it a matter of principle to establish the reason for the sinking of the ship , " it said .
___
Associated Press writers Hyung - jin Kim and Sangwon Yoon in Seoul , David Nowak in Moscow and Marco Sibaja in Rio de Janeiro contributed to this report .
Former NHL star Theo Fleury is set to lace up for the upcoming season of CBC ’s hit reality - TV series Battle of the Blades .
He 'll join Russ Courtnall and six other hockey stars for a second go - round of the kitschy CBC reality show , which kicks off Sept. 26 .
Fleury recently made headlines for alleging sexual abuse at the hands of former coach Graham James .
Blades executive producer John Brunton says Fleury will be a strong competitor on the show .
" It 's a great opportunity , Battle of the Blades , to kind of reinvent yourself , and it's a great opportunity to be seen by the Canadian public in a different light than what you 've necessarily been seen as , " he said .
" My hope for this is that it brings some excitement and some fun to a life that 's been very dark and very troubled at times and that he has a great opportunity to have as much fun as we have doing the show . "
Claims by the 41 - year - old Fleury reopened an investigation into James over abuse that allegedly took place during the 1980s .
The new season of Battle will also include newly retired pairs skater Anabelle Langlois , and returning figure skaters Shae - Lynn Bourne and Christine Hough - Sweeney .
Baltimore Maryland Personal Injury and Criminal Defense Attorney
Law Offices of Douglas T. Sachse
If you are charged with a crime or injured in an accident , you need aggressive representation from a lawyer who will protect your rights .
At the Law Offices of Douglas T. Sachse in Towson , Maryland and Havre de Grace , Maryland we serve clients who have suffered a personal injury or require a skillful criminal defense .
We also handle business and securities litigation .
Contact us for aggressive , hands - on representation .
We offer free initial consultations , including appointments on evenings and weekends .
The slick , which has already come ashore on the Chandeleur Islands off southeast Louisiana , is projected to curl west in the next three days , threatening not only the Mississippi River Delta but also miles of Louisiana coastline to the west of the river .
If the containment dome approach is not successful , other strategies will be explored .
But the most dependable solution remains the digging of a nearby relief well , which would allow crews to plug the gushing cavity with heavy liquid .
Mr. Suttles said the drilling of such a well was already at 9,000 feet and proceeding ahead of plan .
However , it is still months away from being in a position to stop the leak by intercepting the original well and pumping it full of concrete or other heavy liquid .
Meanwhile , the Obama administration was evaluating proposals for assistance in cleaning up the gulf from the United Nations and the European Union , as well as 14 individual countries , including Sweden , according to the State Department .
Michael Mohr , Sweden ’s homeland security liaison at the embassy in Washington , said Saturday that officials in Stockholm were prepared to offer up to three skimming vessels able to collect about 50 tons of oil per hour from the sea and hold about 1,000 tons at a time .
The ships could take several weeks to arrive from the Scandinavian peninsula , Mr. Mohr said .
“ We ’re on standby , ” he said .
Officials had emphasized for days the difficulty of successfully employing the containment dome .
While domes have been used on leaks , they have never been used at such a depth , officials said .
BP had anticipated the presence of hydrates , because the oil is mixing with seawater .
Hydrates can form when methane bubbling out of the oil comes in contact with water , producing a cage of water molecules surrounding methane molecules .
To prevent that , officials had planned to circulate warm water around the pipe that connected the dome to the ship on the surface .
But they had not expected hydrates to accumulate so quickly and at such high concentrations , effectively closing off the dome before the pipe was even attached .
“ The issue is how to keep them from forming again , ” Mr. Suttles said .
If the plumes did exist , much of the wisdom about combating oil spills might need to be reconsidered .
The plumes would suggest that any future oil leak in deep water could be expected to do much of its damage in the sea , not on shore .
But where were the plumes ?
After a slow start , American science is finally beginning to tackle the oil disaster in earnest .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the federal agency charged with monitoring the health of the oceans , is sending multiple boats into the gulf .
The National Science Foundation , another arm of the government , is issuing rapid grants to finance academic teams , including the one aboard the Walton Smith .
BP , the oil company responsible for the spill , has pledged $ 500 million for research .
And scientists like those aboard the Walton Smith are getting emergency financing from the government for their studies .
This stepped - up effort is starting to bear fruit .
This week , another research vessel confirmed the existence of a huge undersea plume .
And on Thursday , a team of scientists appointed by the Obama administration offered a more credible estimate of the flow rate at the broken well , putting it at two to four times the previous calculation .
That higher estimate only added to the sense among academic scientists that much of the oil must be hovering in the deep sea , instead of surfacing .
The goal of the researchers aboard the Walton Smith was to nail the existence of such deep - sea plumes beyond any doubt .
They sailed early this week from Gulfport , Miss. , and went back to the spot where they had originally discovered a large plume .
It was no longer there .
My current least favorite part of the modern video game is when it tells me to stop having fun for a few minutes so I can think about something .
Advertisement
It usually does this to satisfy some rough checklist born of a game designer 's tentative inferiority complex : " Our game might not be ' sophisticated ' enough . "
A friend has been working his way through Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves at my house for the past two months .
Every time he 's over and things become dull for whatever reason , he puts the game in , hoping to shoot some dudes .
I 've noticed an interesting pattern : Every time he puts the game in and endures the laborious data - loading process , he ends up squinting at some " thoughtful " " exploration " scene for twenty minutes before firing a single shot .
What this indicates to me is that he stops playing the game , every time , for the same reason that he starts playing the game — because things get dull .
Advertisement
Just this week I watched him endure that terrifyingly boring puzzle in the temple , near the very end of the game , where you have to keep flipping open the notebook and attempting to memorize the arcane shapes of those made - up letters in that weird alphabet .
You have to carry these symbols and put them on top of these pedestals corresponding to some type of animal .
I remember being pretty bored out of my mind at that point , when I played the game myself , and also under the influence of a cappuccino cup full of espresso .
My impatience was on par with that of a first - grader's .
Still , despite my frothing squirming , I was able to notice little things like the soldered - like edge of the texture on the rotating bronze cylinders , considering the possibility that whatever they 're paying these 2D artists , it 's not enough .
My friend groaned through the puzzle , flipping open his in - game notebook sixteen times a minute .
When , eventually , Permission To Blast was granted again , he hit the ground running .
He stopped playing the game — remarkably — at the part where you 're expected to climb up onto huge bronze cylinders to rotate them so they show the letters indicated , again , in the notebook .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
That little notebook fascinates me .
How did Drake get all of the clues in there ?
Can you imagine this guy in the library ?
Considering the density of his notes and the impossibility of his physical endurance , you 'd imagine that he spends as much time in the library as he does working out , and as much time sleeping as he does eating , as he does everything else ( muscle needs fuel and rest to rebuild and strengthen ) .
I bet he does pull - ups on bookshelves .
Man , that 'd be a great stage .
Attention Naughty Dog : please make that the first stage of Uncharted 3 .
The other thing I think about , when I personally am squinting at that little notebook in Uncharted , is what kinds of brain - dead , thoughtless , cruel , psychotic sons , daughters , grandsons , and granddaughters these ancient rulers must have had , to protect their treasures with such violent traps .
That 's about as deeply explorable a mythology as my idea for a movie about the day - to - day life of a henchman in a James Bond villain 's secret lair .
( Which is such a good idea that someone might have made it already . )
Except these tombs are always just - barely solvable .
It makes you wonder why the ancient rulers built a solution in there .
I find that fascinating .
Have you ever seen the film " Land of the Pharoahs " , where the engineer in ancient Egypt devises a pyramid that will fill with sand when a certain mechanism is activated , burying all the loyal slaves alive and sealing the tomb from grave - robbers forever ?
Yeah , that would n't make a very good video - game premise .
At the end of the day , though , Drake 's little notebook is , essentially , a Turtles All The Way Down death - tunnel .
The puzzle is there so the game is n't just all about shooting .
The game is n't all about shooting because one thing repeated is " repetitive " , which is a word commonly found in negative blurbs on Metacritic .
The puzzles break up the repetition .
The puzzles are dead spots .
You might get bored .
The developers give you clues to make the experience as painless as possible .
The clues are there because the game wants you to solve the puzzle .
The game wants you to solve it so that you can finish the game .
The game wants you to finish the game so that you can feel good about yourself .
The game wants you to feel good about yourself so you buy the sequel .
Advertisement
Enough about that .
Recently , people are up in arms , again , about whether or not games can ever be art .
Maybe they already are art , some people say .
One argument seems to be that games are n't art because you 're in control .
Another argument points out that not all films are art .
One argument points out that pornography can be art .
One argument points out that everything , everywhere , all the time , is always art and always will be art .
That 'd be the nihilist perspective , if I have my philosophies right .
( And if I do n't have my philosophies right ( and if I do n't have my philosophies right on purpose ) , my hypothesis might be a shrewd lie , and an artistic one .
( If I do n't have my philosophies right on accident , and you do n't know that it 's an accident , you are permitted to consider my opinion a work of satirical art . ) )
I believe that art is a . . . a thing .
Who cares what I think !
Well , I do , and I believe that art is a thing .
I think Uncharted is n't trying to be art .
I think Uncharted is pretty entertaining , and worth something .
I think things that are trying to be art are n't so entertaining — though only some of the time .
My belief that I am going somewhere with this might ( or might not ) be a artistic expression .
If you held a gun to my head and told me to name the two best forms of art in human history , I 'd say gypsy swing jazz music and films , in that order .
If pressured for a third example , I 'd say " everything else . "
Video games would be part of the " everything else . "
I 've thought about it for thirty whole seconds , and I believe I 've come to the tentative conclusion that gypsy jazz music is the greatest and best form of art on the face of the earth because it was a major part of my growing up .
Listening to Django Reinhardt was definitely the first time in my life I stopped and thought terribly deeply of myself .
It barely occurred to me that a group of individual people with individual experiences were responsible for that resonance .
Django Reinhardt himself , for example , had been injured badly in a fire at age eighteen , one of his legs paralyzed and the third and fourth fingers of his left hand rendered completely useless for the rest of his life .
He had to re-learn how to play the guitar using only two fingers .
Using only two fingers , he changed the way everyone after him played guitar with four fingers .
The center of the sound of the Quintette du Hot Club de France was born from a young man taking a maybe - deep breath and saying , " I guess I 'm going to have to learn how to do what I do with half the physical resources I had before . "
Rather than do what he did , he did something else : maybe it was that , in trying to learn how to do what he had been doing , he discovered something else .
Some genuine human quality — maybe a " soul " — led him to make the decision that this new thing — not the old thing — was " it . "
The decision was , at first , only a feeling .
So : art .
Advertisement
The first comment I can see on the above Youtube video page reads thusly :
* You can post a video of a moron falling off a skate board and get millions of views .
This is barely over half a million , makes me a bit sad in﻿ regards to humanity .
Advertisement
That comment has 69 thumbs - ups .
The first film humans paid money to see was , according to the great lore , a silent black - and - white moving picture of a train approaching a camera .
People paid as much to see this , in a darkened tent , as they would also willingly pay to see a woman with a beard , or a midget without a beard .
A train rolling toward a camera was , in silent black and white , even at the time , not the most realistic experience .
They did n't have 3D glasses or THX back then .
The idea that a train stood the chance of invading a darkened tent in the middle of a cramped fairground was ridiculous , though these were people that believed in magic .
Maybe - fact :
These were people who believed in magic , miracles , and religion to a point that they might have also believed death to be silent , and in black and white .
Legend says that many women fainted , and many manly men ran from the tent shouting .
Advertisement
A century later , you can post a video of a moron falling off a skateboard and get millions of views on YouTube .
The short filmmaker has grown up and learned to detach the audience from the experience :
Rather than make them fear genuinely for their own life , they show them the comedic misfortune of another , and earn their genuine ( or ingenuine ) empathy .
Advertisement
One of my favorite topics , when I 'm talking to people about marketing and those people might give me money , is Orson Welles and " War of the Worlds . "
I 'd be genuinely afraid if I did n't explain who Orson Welles was and what he did with " War of the Worlds " and someone in the comments complained about " pointless name - dropping . "
That 'd be scarier than a real - life train bearing down on me .
So I 'll say : Orson Welles did a radio play based on a novel about aliens invading the earth and destroying North America .
The play was fashioned to sound like a real - life news broadcast .
It scared countless people straight to their wits ' end .
All over the country , people were running out of their houses with the radios still on , heading for the hills .
Orson Welles changed the game :
By crunching on the New Snow of fourth - wall - breaking , he scared the world out of its skull while simultaneously assuring that no one else could ever do anything remotely similar again .
That did n't stop people from trying , or at least driving themselves half insane thinking of ways to one - up " War of the Worlds . "
Decades later , Steven Spielberg turned " War of the Worlds " into a generic action film .
There you have it .
Welles ' " War of the Worlds " was a mass media miracle .
You can't ever have anything like it ever again .
Governments passed real - world laws in the wake of the sheer artistic virtuosity wreaked by " War of the Worlds . "
Advertisement
People talk about " Citizen Kane " being the greatest film ever , and thus maybe a raffle - ticket holder in the snaking queue around the block from The Greatest Art ever , and we talk about how games do n't have a " Citizen Kane " yet .
Why do we have to think of it that way ?
Why can't we talk about the Mona Lisa of games ?
Or why can't we talk about the " War of the Worlds " of games ?
Games do n't have to be movies , you know .
The improvisational jazz guitar stylings of Django Reinhardt are , in my thirty - year - old brain , right now , today , easily the greatest art ever captured .
The films of Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock and Woody Allen and the plays of Shakespeare are up there , vying for the title , right alongside Super Mario Bros . .
Advertisement
is love art ?
Super Mario Bros. is n't a result of an individual or a group of people trying to craft great art .
Sometimes , when you tell people that you like or love Super Mario Bros. , or that some of your fondest memories involve Super Mario Bros. , they 'll get skeptical and tell you that your affection is n't genuine , that it 's " just nostalgia . "
Is nostalgia enough to qualify something as not love , or not art ?
Love is , like everything else — like the quality of the carrots today at the vegetable shop on the corner — happy or not , an accident .
Advertisement
Another ( naive , maybe - insipid ) side to this argument is whenever someone says a game like ICO or Shadow of the Colossus is art because it has " themes " or a " narrative , " and then some devil 's advocate pops in and says that it 's not fun .
Does something have to be fun to be a game ?
Does something have to be art to be fun ?
Maybe the better question is
Advertisement
is fun art ?
Why can't fun be art ?
Maybe it 's not art while it 's happening .
Maybe it becomes art years later , as you grow up , exist in the world , and make crucial life decisions .
If art is something that evokes an emotional response unique to each individual beholder , then fun most certainly can be art .
Advertisement
What I 've found is that , more often than not , the more you try to make a game resemble something that has a " point , " the less it feels like a game .
It starts to feel like a badly acted film .
Super Mario Bros. was a miracle , and the five - year - olds of 1985 had no idea what the hell it was supposed to be " about . "
In the game , you 're a guy who grows to twice his normal height when he eats a mushroom .
In the world of the game , if you jump on a turtle , its head and legs pop into its shell .
You then touch the shell to kick it .
The shell inexplicably , frictionlessly slides across the ground at great speed , toppling large , hard - shelled beetles or mushrooms with feet .
What does any of this mean ?
You 're free to consider it for yourself , or you 're free to think absolutely nothing at all , and let it flow through you as it is .
The game rolls on as it was in the beginning , always perplexing with regard to theme , always stimulating when it comes to the escalation of the difficulty of its situations .
Future games would feature cinematic stories about modern - day pirates , seeing fit to present moral questions behind the simulated killing of each virtual human henchman .
Why have games chosen to become like films ?
You could think of a million answers for that question , and none of them would be any good .
Games are n't films .
Films are n't games .
It 's true , when you decide to make a game into something that is n't a game , you usually end up making it into a ( ( very ) bad ) film , a Saturday morning cartoon , or a maybe - lukewarm - decent book .
You do n't see people making games into songs .
Advertisement
I think the best games are more like songs than anything else .
Super Mario Bros. is a song of a game .
It even has fantastic music .
Mega Man is like a song — and hey , it has fantastic music , too .
And then we have the old Castlevanias , also with great music .
Then we have games like OutRun , about pure , simple experiences — also with outstanding music .
OutRun satisfies the adolescent fantasy of wanting to drive a hot red convertible with a hot blonde woman in the passenger seat ; After Burner satisfies the adolescent fantasy of being a jet pilot .
Does art not reside in the heart of a young boy tasting a glimpse of his dream of the future , in more or less the exact form he'd expect it ?
Say what you will : Yu Suzuki is a genius and an artist .
These games are full sensory experiences that lull players into grooves and create pleasant feelings of skilled performance , or teeth - gritting frustration , of triumphing over adversity , or of eventual defeat and giving up .
These feelings last forever and manifest themselves in our future everyday lives .
While driving my red convertible with a hot blonde in the passenger 's seat , I often recall my days as a youth , playing OutRun in the local bowling alley , when I was too fat to bowl properly .
While trying to navigate a sea of pedestrians with umbrellas on a rainy day , I recall the terrible , sticky , frictive feeling of trying to ascend a hill at walking speed in the first Sonic the Hedgehog .
( A game which also had an amazing soundtrack . )
Into something like After Burner , Tetsuya Mizuguchi and his team injected " art " and called it Rez .
The old joke is that to make art , you just make something no one can understand .
Panzer Dragoon was already art .
Rez wanted to be art - er .
So rather than gamble by making the character something some people could relate to and some people could n't , we had some cold wire - frame shooting other cold wire - frames , mostly in the dark .
Advertisement
IN DEFENSE OF STUPID GAMES
I 've read much of the internet 's collective response to Roger Ebert 's comments on games as not - art .
I 've believed for some time that Ebert is cleverly trolling the game - playing / game - developing community , daring us to do better , or — at the very least — expect better .
I 've written many words on what games do wrong .
I 've written about in - game tutorials snapping us out of the trance called entertainment ; I 've written about senseless violence being portrayed just realistically enough to be believable , and not realistically enough to teach anyone playing the game anything about violence in the real world .
I 've assessed whether or not games should teach us anything about the real world , and come away with the answer of " sometimes . "
I think Modern Warfare has some moments of power .
I think Modern Warfare 2 has no such moments of power .
I have , in the past , asserted that games like Zelda , in forcing us to fabricate some mental connection between lighting up four torches using our torch - lighting item — performing every repeated instance of the Thing We Can Do in Our Current Situation — and a locked door opening , might push young minds closer to kleptomania or obsessive compulsive disorder than , say , the not - realistic - enough Grand Theft Auto might push a young adult toward justifying a real - world killing spree .
I 'd like to explore that latter point again , in a roundabout way , except instead of talking about morals , let 's talk about marketing , and money .
Advertisement
The old , abstract , weird , surreal , space - like solid black death - void backgrounds of old games continue to call to me today .
Pac - Man and Space Invaders were n't the only games in the world when they arrived .
They were , however , the best .
Sequels to Pac - Man and Space Invaders only added More Stuff .
They did n't make the games better .
It 's always been the opinion of the Men With Money that nothing is popular because it 's good .
According to businessmen , things are popular because someone succeeding in duping the public .
This is n't , necessarily , the worst way to approach things , as a businessperson .
It 's always helpful to consider that your success might actually be because you made a mistake somewhere .
If you let this possibility terrorize you , however , you 'll probably never get anything done .
It 's about as possible that everything you did is a mistake as it's possible that the people love only one thing — or everything — about whatever it is you did .
What the hell is Bubble Bobble about ?
Does anyone know ?
It 's about two boys who had been walking in a park with their mother when suddenly a wizard from another dimension spirited them away , transformed them into dinosaurs , and trapped them in a tower .
How are we supposed to know that ?
We 're not .
In practice , Bubble Bobble becomes a much more realistic story about creatures blowing bubbles in which to trap , torture , and exterminate other creatures in the name of being magically transported from one room to another room .
Bubble Bobble did n't succeed because of story or narrative ; it did n't become a household name because we cared about the characters , nor did it solve the world hunger crisis because it was the highest art .
It did , however , mean a little something to a lot of people .
It passed some time .
I was playing Bubble Bobble in the basement with my brother when my dad got the phone call about his father dying in Delaware of brain and lung cancer .
Our dad told us that our grandfather was dead ; within minutes , we unpaused the game and played straight to game over .
Advertisement
When I think back on games that really made me feel something , they 're always these stupid things .
Try explaining the plot of Bubble Bobble to an Amish person , for example .
One of the characters in Contra : Hard Corps is a werewolf with a machine gun .
Castlevania : Bloodlines has no on - screen expository text until the instant you slay the final boss , when the words " FINAL STAGE CLEAR " appear in the center of the screen .
Then , the screen snaps violently to a long shot of your hero , standing on a cliff , watching the castle crumble .
The words " THE RESURRECTION OF DRACULA HAS BEEN AVERTED " flash up on the screen .
So that 's what you 've been doing all this time .
That 's why you 've been jumping on all those platforms and whipping all those skeletons .
There you have it .
Is this art ?
Maybe to someone with just the right personality disorder .
Sometimes , I happen to have just the right personality disorder to consider that art .
I happen to like stupid and repetitive games with plots that do n't exist until they suddenly do .
I like games where your character can only do one or two things , and has to keep doing those things or die .
I like a little bit of friction and a little bit of context .
I do n't like too much context .
I like fighting games .
What the hell are fighting games about ?
I wish they would n't put stories in fighting games .
I like when fighting games have a survival mode .
I really think someone needs to make a fighting game where every character is perfectly equal , which is n't necessarily a side - scrolling 2D kind of thing .
Maybe it could be top - down , like Zelda .
You should have a heal button .
Hold it down to heal .
If you get hit while you 're healing , it 'll hurt you more than it would hurt you if you were n't healing .
Make the game one screen , send out intelligent drones ad nauseum .
If it felt right , I could play that all day .
Let the cleverness of the game designer manifest itself in the improvisational spirit of the player and the unpredictable nature of complicated on - screen situations .
Give it a great soundtrack and a neat character design , and there you go .
Advertisement
I 've been thinking about stupid games a lot ever since I read about Shinji Mikami apologizing for God Hand .
Mikami was speaking on the subject of Vanquish , his next game — a pretty - looking shooter with a plain title .
Vanquish will be the first major game project Mikami has directed since God Hand .
God Hand sold terribly poorly .
Around the time God Hand came out , I remember advising a Particular Japanese Game Company to stop assuming that everything had to be sequels in order to sell well at all .
I tried to push the idea that people , not numerals , make games .
I advised them to start putting peoples ' names on the packages , or at least " From the director of . . . "
They thought I was insane .
Well , I do n't know what Capcom were thinking or doing around that time , though they did n't force Mikami to make another Resident Evil , nor did they put his name on the God Hand package .
It was a little perplexing .
Did they expect the game to sell ?
If so , why ?
What about the game screamed " Sales Dynamo " ?
How long was the game in production before they theorized that it might not sell five million copies and cause the entire world to call the fire department ?
Maybe that moment never came .
Maybe they were shocked out of their minds when the game did n't make the front page of the Wall Street Journal under the headline " New Game Sells So Well World Economy Collapses . "
Advertisement
What happened was , God Hand was a game that the director enjoyed making .
The enjoyment is the thing he apologized for , in that recent interview .
He apologized for having made something that he enjoyed making , without thinking about what , maybe , other people would enjoy playing or seeing .
God Hand certainly is n't a work of art — or maybe it is , because it is n't — and Mikami certainly is n't an artist .
One of the most common complaints haters make about the films of Quentin Tarantino is that all he 's doing is making the films he personally would like to see .
They call this " self - centered , " or some other adjective .
Is it a bad thing to make something you like ?
The people calling it self - centered are maybe being more egotistical than the director who makes films he likes , because they 're assuming that all people assume no one else anywhere is anything else like them .
Anyway , it just about knocked the wind out of me to see that Shinji Mikami had apologized for having too much freedom with God Hand .
Who was this comment supposed to appeal to ?
People who hated God Hand , or people who had n't played it though kind of heard from a friend of a friend that a couple of websites did n't like it ?
What about the people like me , who hold the self - evident truth that God Hand is Created Awesome ?
Did Mikami just tell us to go get bent in a broom closet ?
From a strictly business perspective , how and why can we trust someone who sees fit to release something that they 're going to apologize for a couple years down the line ?
It 's amateurish and weak ; it 's sanctimonious and weird .
Advertisement
God Hand is a weird , stupid game with a lot of problems .
The story is lunacy , rife with half - baked references to things that the author himself probably only understands tangentially .
Yet if God Hand is trash , it is High Trash .
Have you ever gotten into a discussion with someone over the " drug references " in Super Mario Bros .?
It 's a pretty terrible discussion to have .
As a listener of much psychedelic Japanese music , I can tell you that scarily close to zero Japanese psychedelic musicians have ever consumed any psychedelic drugs .
Drugs are prohibitively expensive in Japan .
No , you see , the " drug references " in Super Mario Bros. , if they even exist at all ( and I 'm not saying they do ) , found their way in by way of the creators ' maybe - just - tangential familiarity with other entertainments directly influenced by drugs .
I personally think that Super Mario Bros. is just , like Sonic the Hedgehog , trying to be a vintage cartoon .
It 's stupid and weird and bouncy .
Many people responsible for God Hand specifically likened their aim for the project as trying to create a game that would take something or other back to its roots .
They wanted to make a game in the old style .
Former Grasshopper Manufacture sound team lead Masafumi Takada , who supplied the music for God Hand , comments on how he played the theme music from Mappy on the piano back in high school .
His God Hand soundtrack is full of old - school video - game - like leitmotif , of simple guitar riffs on tight loops .
What Super Mario Bros. and Zelda did with gypsy jazz , God Hand does for surf rock .
Advertisement
What went wrong with God Hand was , simply , that the age of downloadable games had not yet arrived , and that they knew they were going to have to endure the costs of printing this thing onto a disc and designing a package and a manual , and that all that would take so much time and money that the game would have to sell , so they 'd need a decent advertising campaign to raise awareness , and if something has an advertising campaign , it 's probably going to need to feel like it's worth the money people spend on it , if and when they spend money on it .
That means cut -scenes , story , lots of stages , item shops , mini-games , and maybe some puzzles .
What God Hand had , at the end of the day , is friction .
If you can ignore the Herculean task of enjoying all the bullshit , you get the hell of some friction .
Here .
I am going to write a review of God Hand , in which every sentence includes the words " God " and " Hand " :
A REVIEW OF GOD HAND ( one of the best games ever ( warning : life spoilers ) )
Many games feel like work , God Hand among them .
However , God Hand also feels like the Best Job Ever .
God Hand is usually like being a professional chainsaw - wielding glacier demolisher at a party where the penguins are going to need a lot of ice cubes .
Sometimes , however , God Hand is like a phone call from a hallucinating Mike Tyson moments before you 're supposed to kiss the bride .
Advertisement
The goal of God Hand is to extinct the tar out of any moving human body , be it male , female , transvestite , or wearing a gorilla costume .
God Hand is a video game based on the idea of throwing bucketsful of baseballs , one at a time , hard as you can , at a barn - side - sized cube of maple - syrup - sticky Styrofoam .
God Hand is alternatingly the friction of repeatedly dropping a bowling ball into a massive cardboard box full of delicious bubble wrap , its sweet vinyl scent like Jesus 's kid sister , and the frustration of bending at the knees to pick that bowling ball up again , thirsting only for the next sticky drop .
God Hand is the friction of an electric knife through a frozen ham .
God Hand is the friction of a baseball bat against an oncoming Toyota Prius .
God Hand is the friction of a cricket bat against an oncoming Harley Davidson .
God Hand is , occasionally , a NASCAR broadsiding a freight train .
God Hand is a stick of butter so hard it will break your teeth if you think it 's a candy bar .
God Hand is the Pringles of videogames .
Though God Hand is usually like poking holes in a watermelon with a chopstick for the best reason ( " no good reason " ) , God Hand is sometimes like using a pizza cutter to eat ice cream .
At its best , God Hand allows you to indulge in your curiosity re :
How hard you would have to flex to break a Canada goose 's neck .
God Hand is the dankest videogame in existence .
God Hand is a game - bong :
You pass it around .
God Hand is a glimpse into the lifestyle of a mythical class of human whose diet consists entirely of disused vintage electric guitars .
Most of the time , God Hand is actually more fun than taking a dump .
The first time you play God Hand , it makes about as much sense as the first time you wear ice skates .
Eventually , God Hand is as easy as breathing — on a planet where the atmosphere is entirely cotton candy .
Soon enough , God Hand is the first time you wear a pair of shoes that cost more than $ 20 .
Sometimes , God Hand feels like writing a friendly letter by hand while wearing brass knuckles ; at other times , God Hand feels like asking a brick wall a rhetorical question and getting an answer that requires you to sit down for literally six weeks .
At some points , God Hand feels like you 've just hired an auctioneer to narrate your fluctuating torrent download speeds ; at other points , God Hand feels like you 've just hired a UFC ringside announcer to shout " Oh ! " or " Ow ! " or " That 's Gotta Hurt ! " in time with your every footstep or operation of a hole puncher , stapler , or copy machine .
Configuring your special attacks in God Hand is as easy as hiring George Foreman to beat the tar out of your mechanic .
Chaining together combos in God Hand is as psychically instant and desolate as praying to God for a new Ferrari and simultaneously knowing you wo n't get it .
Every stage in God Hand is the tip of a new , identically delicious iceburger .
Moments in God Hand reflect the feeling of catching a bully 's punch , effortlessly uncurling his fist , and snatching out a fifty - dollar bill .
In God Hand , you will immediately confront every idle enemy grunt like a pit bull confronts a stray bath towel .
Sometimes , you see , God Hand is the catharsis of using a jackhammer to cut your birthday cake .
Advertisement
God Hand looks like the only parts you remember about your cooler big brother 's comic book collection .
God Hand sounds like the only parts you remember about your much cooler , dead best friend 's record collection .
God Hand 's story is that fat kid in high school who even the other nerds hated so much he got pushed down the stairs at least once every day before lunch ; at the ten - year reunion , they hold a memorial service for him :
You ask a dude how he died , and he 's like , " Oh yeah , after school , he got ripped , joined the CIA , boned a bunch of supermodels , et cetera , et cetera — he died last year , crashing a dirtbike into a helicopter so as to kill the terrorist warlord who was trying to escape " , and you make that face that Neo made in " The Matrix " when he realized he knew kung - fu , like , " Whoa ! "
THE REVIEW HAS ENDED
Advertisement
INTERLUDE : WHAT IF THEY MADE A CARTOON ABOUT STREETS OF RAGE 2 ?
Would the fans cry and moan if every episode did n't end in a boss fight wherein Axel and Skate 's dialog was something like " What are we gonna do , Axel !
This guy 's tough ! "
" I know , Skate — you run at him , head - butt him in the chest , and knock him down ; then , I 'll keep jump - kicking him every time he starts to stand up ! "
" Good plan , Axel !
After fifty jump - kicks , maybe he 'll fall to the ground , flicker , and disappear ! "
Advertisement
END INTERLUDE RE : STREETS OF RAGE CARTOON
Maybe the reason people did n't know they were supposed to and allowed to enjoy God Hand is because they approached it like a ( terrible ) film repeatedly interrupted by scenes of virtuosic improvisation .
Played — and enjoyed — properly , God Hand is the video game equivalent of gypsy jazz .
This is going to sound a thousand and one flavors of weird or wrong , though after learning a tiny bit of guitar , my skill at God Hand exploded .
God Hand is a method of self - expression .
You see a dude in front of you , and you make the instant decision to either tear into him like a pit bull into a bath towel or a rhinoceros into a jeep .
It 's a new - ish game that perfectly recreates the incomprehensibility of old games .
Advertisement
I suppose the problem is that , way back when , the old games were brand new , and the old people did n't like brand new things by default , so the oldest game fans were young people when the oldest games were brand new .
Those people have grown up , though numerous new people have come into existence , by the process of human reproduction .
Some say we can't make stupid , simple games anymore because a great majority of game - playing adult - people have played all the old , stupid games , and they require something new .
What about the new ( " young " ) people ?
Why does everything have to be layers of sophistication ?
Advertisement
Remember Doom ?
Maybe you do , maybe you do n't .
Doom was the coolest thing you could do with a computer .
When Doom first came out , even a lunch - money - mugging jock might have looked at the computer screen and , after rhyming your last name with something vaguely sexual , he might have secretly thought that dude , computers are probably kind of cool .
Maybe you 'd never had a girlfriend before ;
Doom made you feel like a real bad - ass .
Was Doom a great game ?
I tried playing it yesterday .
It 's still pretty good .
The deathmatch has a clean , quaint , stoic simplicity about it .
I 'd love to see someone make a four - player turn - based Doom deathmatch game for the iPhone .
That could be hilarious .
It might be like tic - tac - toe : you just circle around each other , no one ever firing a shot .
You 're just waiting for the other guy to blink .
Someone out there , be a dear and make that game .
( See : someone made a game based on my idea for a perfect Mario game ! )
Is classic Doom the best of all possible games ?
Maybe not .
These days , we see a lot of indie revisions of Super Mario — where are the Doom revisions ?
How about infinite ammo , never - ending enemies , slow - moving enemy projectiles , the ability to reflect projectiles back at enemies by shooting at them , a melee attack that knocks enemies back into other enemies ?
I can probably think of a thousand more ideas that were as possible with the technology of 1992 as they are now .
What I 'm saying is that Doom was n't some holy grail of game design :
It was a couple lucky hacker - like dudes seeing to the top half - dozen items on a hells - of - long checklist : " 3D , guns , shooting , strafing " , et cetera .
Why do you think Doom 3 disappointed so many people ?
He - llo !
It 's because you were giving a Hollywood budget to people who did n't actually have a script .
They were n't really game designers :
They were just geniuses .
Advertisement
What I am saying is , to hell with the geniuses .
You know who 's a game designer ?
Tooru Iwatani .
Decades after Pac - Man , he went back and re-thought the game design , incorporating a number of satisfying frictions that shed a whole new light on the idea of an abstract shape trapped in a maze .
Pac - Man : Championship Edition actually kind of changed my life .
So did Space Invaders Extreme , which was more or less the same idea .
To hell with geniuses .
I was working at a game company many years ago , and the game was a real dead - end .
No one had any clue what the hell they were doing .
The character artists sure were designing characters , and the animators sure were churning out animations , and the programmer sure were doing . . . something .
There was just no game design , no balls .
Everyone kept second - guessing the director , as he second - guessed the big publisher .
Me and one other guy were really passionate about making a game , perhaps to the level of being a little obsessed .
We scheduled brain - storming sessions , and no one showed up , afraid that to show up would be to defy the Way Things Must Be .
We came up with a hell of a barrel of ideas .
We wrote them up all formal - like .
No one wanted to even look at them .
Now was n't the time to be thinking about game design :
It was too early to be thinking about game design , they said .
We needed to think about our pitch , why this game was going to sell , what it was going to do to change the way people play games .
It needed a sales angle before it needed anything else .
We needed to draft up a list of achievements before we needed to even decide what the game was about .
It was a terrible experience .
The game was on a collision course for a desert of blandness .
Then the publisher came back to us with a story treatment written by some Hollywood types , based on the pathetic , chicken - bone - like ideas we 'd plopped out in a frenzied rush the day before the deadline .
It was so scary to look at that document .
It felt like waking up in the middle of the night to see a rotting corpse at the foot of the bed , standing , animated , jiggling terrifyingly by the power of a cattle prod shoved up its anus .
Have you ever stayed in a cheap motel ?
Maybe , right before you turn out the light , you see a cockroach scamper up the wall and disappear into a little crack up near the ceiling .
Now you have to sleep with that knowledge .
That Hollywoody document was the cockroach in the motel room , for me .
Advertisement
I do n't want to play or make games with meaningful narratives .
Nor do I want to make games where the questions ( like , why does the hero of God Hand seem to hate women so much ? ) hold the possibility of getting in the way of letting me think for myself , enjoy the game , and maybe forge some kind of psychological triggers useful ( or not ) in future interactions with human beings or paper shredders .
I want to make something simple and pure , something like Canabalt , where the player is encouraged to use his imagination .
I want it to be endless , though unlike Canabalt , I want it to address the common complaint that an endless contest makes the player feel depressed or worthless .
It will have gravity .
It will be huge .
It will be a little ridiculous , ridiculous enough for the savvy player to go , " I see what you did there , " though not ridiculous enough for the fundamentalist Christian to shout " Oh My Word ! " ( OMW ) and call FOX News .
Ultimately , it will be , like Out of This World , art , though unlike Out of This World , it will only be art because it will have a sparkling clean , invisible interface and an airtight minimalist narrative , and it will only be that way because I am a jerk , and I am only trolling the world .
It will be fun .
For me , anyway .
It 'll be frictive , and sticky , and chunky , and crunchy .
Its airtight , minimalist story will begin like this : " [ Fade up from black :
Hero holds shotgun in the direction of villain 's face ; player pulls trigger , Hero shoots villain in the face , sending him careening down a staircase , music begins with a crash ] " , and it will end like this : " [ Enemy drone or enemy projectile makes contact with Hero ; screen sharply snaps to white , with the sound of mellow though loud guitar feedback , then silence ] " .
And it 'll have great music .
I am pleased to announce that we have started on , among other things , the music .
We were going to rehearse the other two - thirds of the track yesterday , though my drummer was suddenly called away to climb a mountain .
This is noteworthy because my game is about something kind of like climbing a mountain , in reverse .
It will hopefully be the Pac - Man for the Gears of War generation , or DooM for the Shadow of the Colossus generation , or the Space Invaders of the Guitar Hero generation , or the Elevator Action of the Modern Warfare generation , or the Q - Bert of the Peggle generation , or whatever .
It 's going to be huge and loud and stupid and awesome .
The working title of the game is Ziggurat , and I will hopefully be able to show it to you next month .
In the meantime , I 'm fielding suggestions for a new name — something that looks better with an apostrophe -s on the end .
I personally think " Billy T Exclamation " sounds pretty good .
Advertisement
—-
tim rogers is the editor - in - chief of Action Button Dot Net , which is a fancy way of saying he 's the founder and one of three completely unpaid employees .
friend his band on myspace , follow him on twitter , or email him at 108 ( at ) action button ( dot ! ( net ! ) )
Advertisement
if , during the reading of this piece , you felt like throwing darts at the author , you can go here to purchase a tim rogers dartboard cover designed by harvey james , who also illustrated the image atop this post .
PICs : War of the Worlds New York Times page ; God Hand kick image
US Rail traffic is improving on a year over year basis , but looks are deceiving as the comparison is against very feeble 2009 traffic .
Let 's take a look at Railfax Data through April 24 , 2010 .
Total US Rail Traffic
The table shows the 4 week rolling average of auto traffic is up 32 % from a year ago .
However , auto traffic is still down 31.8 % compared to 2008 .
The same holds true for metals , up a whopping 71 % from a year ago , yet down 18.5 % from two years ago .
13 Week Rolling Averages - Year Over Year Comparisons
Please refer to the article for still more charts .
Traffic is up , but only based on anemic comparisons .
This is what 's known as a statistical recovery .
By the way , it took trillions of dollars of global stimulus to generate that " recovery " .
Guess what happens when the stimulus stops ?
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
When it comes to our health , it is essential to obtain the best quality care possible .
For some , employer sponsored health insurance coverage is an option for this .
But for others , it is necessary to go out into the market and shop for either an individual or a family health insurance plan .
Because there are many options to choose from , it can be difficult .
Therefore , it is important to have a good understanding of how health insurance works , and which options are available to you .
Then , you can determine which may be the best choice for you .
We understand that any type of insurance purchase , from finding the best car insurance companies , best life insurance companies , or companies that offer burial insurance for seniors , can be a daunting task , that is why we are here to help you !
Types of Health Insurance Plans
In its most basic sense , individual health insurance coverage is the alternative to purchasing via one ’s employer on a group basis and can be purchased on either an individual or a family basis .
With an individual policy , the individual who is insured is fully responsible for paying the policy ’s premiums .
Therefore , if the person stops paying , the coverage will typically lapse ( following a grace period ) .
There are several forms that individual health insurance can take :
Fee For Service / Indemnity Plans
HMO ( Health Maintenance Organization )
PPO ( Preferred Provider Organization )
Fee For Service Plans
A fee for service plan – also referred to as an indemnity plan – is a type of policy where the insured individual pays a predetermined percent of the cost of his or her health care services , and the insurance provider pays the remaining amount .
With this type of coverage , the insurance company does not have any type of contractual agreement with medical providers or hospitals , nor does the insurance company have a “ network ” of providers that the insured must use in order to obtain benefits .
Understanding HMOs and PPOs
Managed care plans are a different way to obtain health insurance services .
These types of plans are able to contain costs by taking certain measures .
One way of doing so involves controlling the behavior of the plan participants .
This refers to both the members that are covered by the plan , as well as to the medical service providers .
A managed care plan will typically have the following basic characteristics :
Controlled access to providers
Case management
Preventive care
Risk sharing with the providers of the services
High quality of care
Some types of managed care plans include Health Maintenance Organizations ( HMOs ) and Preferred Provider Organizations ( PPOs ) .
These plans may also be self - funded , dual choice , or indemnity .
Health Maintenance Organization ( HMO )
A health maintenance organization , also referred to as an HMO , is a type of prepaid group health insurance plan that entitles its members to services of participating physicians , hospitals , clinics , and other types of health care providers .
The emphasis in an HMO is on preventive care .
In an HMO , the members are required to use contracted health care providers that are listed within a certain “ network ” of providers .
Health Maintenance Organizations represent what is known as “ pre-paid ” or “ capitated ” insurance plans in which individuals or their employers pay a fixed monthly fee for services , instead of a separate charge for each visit or service .
The monthly fees will typically remain the same , regardless of the types or levels of services that are provided .
The health care services that are provided through an HMO are provided by physicians who are employed by , or under contract with , the HMO .
HMOs can vary in design .
Depending on the type of HMO , the services may be provided in a central facility or in a physician ’s office .
Health Maintenance Organizations are the oldest form of managed care .
They were created in the 1980 ’s as an alternative to indemnity insurance .
HMOs are highlighted by their focus on preventive care and efficiency measures .
And , HMOs usually offer lower rates on health care services than fee for service type of plans .
Although there are many variations of HMOs , these plans overall will typically allow members to have lower out - of - pocket health care expenses .
However , HMOs may offer less flexibility in the choice of physicians or hospitals than other types of health insurance plans .
With an HMO , individuals will likely have coverage for a broader range of preventive health care services than they would with another type of plan .
In addition , with an HMO , an individual typically wo n’t have to submit any of their own claims to the insurance company .
It is important to keep in mind , though , that an individual will likely have no coverage at all for services that are rendered by non-network providers or for services that have been rendered without a proper referral from their primary care physician .
Because HMOs focus on preventative care , they seek to reduce health care costs by identifying and treating illness early on , before it becomes a more serious and costly situation .
HMO plans usually do a good job of covering routine checkups and vaccinations .
In addition , they frequently offer general well - being incentives such as smoking cessation or weight loss programs .
The HMO functions as a health care network .
Aside from emergencies , a Primary Care Physician ( PCP ) serves as the primary and initial point of contact for all health concerns .
The Primary Care Physician is oftentimes referred to as being a “ gatekeeper . ”
The PCP then refers participants to appropriate specialists if they are needed .
If an HMO member opts to go to a doctor or hospital that is outside of the HMO network of care providers , they will have to pay the fees on their own .
The intent of having a primary care physician is to prevent unnecessary doctor visits , thus saving money for the HMO .
With HMOs , premiums are typically required to be paid monthly .
Since HMOs are considered pre-paid health care , participants usually wo n’t have to pay a deductible , although the plans do vary .
When a person visits a doctor , goes to the hospital , gets a prescription or receives other health services , they will have to make a small co-payment that will typically range from $ 10 - $ 25 in most cases .
Preferred Provider Organization ( PPO )
A preferred provider organization , or PPO , is a network of medical providers who charge on a fee - for - service basis , but that are paid on a negotiated , discounted fee schedule .
As a member of a PPO , individuals will be encouraged to use the insurance company ’s network of participating doctors and hospitals .
These providers have been contracted to provide services to the plan ’s members at a discounted rate .
Individuals in a PPO wo n’t be required to pick a primary care physician and they will typically be able to see doctors and specialists within the network at their own discretion .
The members of a PPO will likely have an annual deductible to pay before the insurance company begins paying their claims in the PPO .
Once the deductible has been met , PPO participants will be required to make a co-payment for most doctor visits .
Some PPO plans may also require that participants cover a percentage of the total charges for their services that have been rendered .
With a PPO plan , services rendered by an out - of - network physician are typically covered – but at a lower percentage than services that are rendered by a network physician .
Seeing an out - of - network provider , then , can become costly .
For example , if an individual visits an out - of - network provider for services that total $ 500 , the PPO plan may cover the charge at only 60 % of the amount that a network provider would charge for the same service .
If a network doctor would accept $ 250 as payment in full , this means that the insurance company would pay only $ 150 , and the remaining $ 350 would come out of the PPO member ’s pocket .
Additionally , if a person sees a provider outside of the plan ’s network , he or she may have to pay the charges up front and then submit their own claim for reimbursement .
PPO plans do offer more flexibility in choosing providers than do HMOs .
For example , they do not require an individual to maintain a primary care physician , nor do they require them to use a primary doctor as a gatekeeper to other care .
This means that a participant in a PPO can seek care from a specialist without having to first get a referral .
While it is easy to confuse HMOs and PPOs , there are some key differences .
For example , PPOs utilize a networking method similar to HMOs , but with a much larger network , and a smaller monetary penalty for seeking care outside the network .
As long as the provider is part of the network , the benefits are the same .
In addition , in a PPO , the participants are free to use any provider that they choose , but they will likely have to pay more for it .
Point of Service ( POS )
A point of service plan ( POS ) combines the formulas that are used by HMOs and PPOs .
Like an HMO , a primary care physician must refer a person to an in - network specialist .
When receiving care from a provider that is within the network , the patient is responsible for a small co-payment , but there is no deductible .
When a participant goes outside of their network , a POS plan acts more like a PPO .
A POS plan will allow a person to self - refer outside of the network .
In this scenario , the participant must first pay the deductible , then a co-insurance amount .
In this way , the POS plan offers a strong financial incentive to remain within the network , however , it does not forbid it the way that an HMO would .
Other Ways to Pay for Services
Throughout the years , there have been other ways created to pay for health care services that are not covered by health insurance coverage , but that work in conjunction with health insurance policies .
Some examples include Medical Savings Accounts and Flexible Spending Accounts .
Medical Savings Accounts ( MSAs )
Medical Savings Accounts ( MSAs ) were typically combined with a high deductible medical insurance policy .
The MSA offers a way to save money on a tax - deferred basis whereby funds in the account can be withdrawn tax - free and used for paying qualified health care expenses that are not covered by the health insurance plan .
Withdrawals from an MSA can also be used towards paying the deductible expenses on the employee ’s health plan in a given year .
Flexible Spending Accounts / Flexible Spending Arrangements ( FSAs )
Flexible Spending Accounts ( FSAs ) , also referred to as flexible spending arrangements , are a type of tax - advantaged financial account that can be set up through a cafeteria plan in the United States , much like a Health Savings Account , or HSA .
An FSA can be set up by an employer for an employee .
The account allows the employee to contribute a portion of their regular earnings to pay for qualified expenses such as medical care of dependent care costs .
One of the primary benefits of an FSA is the fact that the funds that are contributed to the account are deducted from the employee ’s earnings before they are made subject to payroll taxes .
Therefore , the contributions that are made to an FSA can substantially lower an employee ’s annual income tax due .
There are maximum dollar amount limits as to how much can be contributed to an FSA account each year .
How and Where to Get the Best Quotes
When obtaining health insurance quotes , it is usually best to work with a company that has access to more than just one insurer .
This is because you will be able to get many competing quotes – oftentimes on very similar coverage .
If you ’re ready to shop for top health insurance providers , you can get you all of the information that you need – directly from your computer .
No need to meet in person with an insurance agent or to go through the hassle of the HealthCare.gov website .
In order to get the process started , all you have to do is simply use the form on this page .
You can get your quotes and speak with a health insurance specialist about your specific needs .
Gardeners are among the world ’s most charming snobs .
Rightly so :
As with music and mathematics , the more you know , the more elegant your work .
Erudition is valued , and so is a smattering of pretension .
If you are a geek looking to put down roots , welcome to gardening .
We offer you common ground .
Think of it as localized terraforming , if that helps .
Before you start , though , contemplate your knees and knuckles , and get ready for hard , sweaty work .
As with making babies , people can’t really imagine what they are getting into when they plan to tangle with the trowels and hoses .
The sketches and explanations on the following pages will inspire you to stake out , nurture , and defend your tiny patch of Earth , feed your loved ones , and even sequester a bit of carbon .
How smart is that ?
Before you head outside , let ’s get you dressed .
No clogs with flowers on them .
Look for some skateboard pants at your local thrift shop ; they are roomy , with deep pockets and durable fabric , and readily available , given the current epidemic of plantar fasciitis among young skaters , who seem determined to inflict upon themselves the aches and pains of old men .
You ’ll want white socks , pulled up over the cuffs of the pants — a kind of reverse tribute to the black - socks - and - sandals look of our science - geek cousins — and heavy work boots .
You will understand why no one gardens in sneakers the first time you drop your secateurs ( note term , more anon ) and they land point down in your flesh .
Oh , and you get to wear gear on your belt — hooks , a holster for tools .
No iPods .
Gardeners listen to birds .
Now , the dirt on dirt .
The garden is no place for it .
Dirt has to do with Tide , Maytags , and Dysons .
Soil is what we talk about when we talk about gardening ; earth , if you are poetical .
Where Will Your Garden Grow ? ‘ 3 x ‘ 5 : Balcony Hothouse ’ 20 x ’ 30 : Urban Plot ’ 32 x ’ 48 : Suburban Spread ’ 40 x ’ 60 : Exurban Farm Bibliography
Soil is about as interesting as anything gets in this life .
It ’s a mixture of rock particles , water , air , organic matter , and microorganisms — lovely creatures such as nematodes , protozoa , fungi , bacteria , and actinomycetes .
O the varieties of being !
Only 45 percent of soil consists of minerals , with particles ranging in size from clay ( less than 0.00008 inch in diameter ) to silt ( 0.00008 to 0.002 inch ) to sand ( 0.002 to 0.08 inch ) .
Clay makes for terrific soil , owing to its high cation - exchange capacity , a measure of fertility .
It can also suck the boot right off your foot .
Soils can be alluvial , colluvial , loess — and it matters .
You will need to familiarize yourself with the pore space and texture of your soil and learn to promote aerobic versus anaerobic decomposition .
Just repeat : Friable is desirable .
The language of gardens is the Queen ’s English .
Why say “ shears ” when you can say “ secateurs ” ?
Use a trug for your weeds and a trolley to cart around compost .
The language of flowers , on the other hand , is Latin .
It is imperative to swoon over the Umbelliferae , to swan around the Aspidistra , to note the Aesculus parviflora , the Acer campestre , the Acanthus mollis .
And that is just the beginning .
Far from being a dead language , Latin is the only tongue in which you can suggest to your mate a pairing of Dicksonia squarrosa and Farfugium japonicum , or that the Euphorbia donii should snuggle up to the Dryopteris affinis fern .
Latin is the international language of identification , and all other names are just , well , common .
A prodigious memory helps .
Or a hefty horticultural app .
Anyway , what else is there to do during those frigid winter months but learn Latin ?
And do n’t give me temperate zones .
Everyone knows that gardening in Southern California is really more like tending houseplants that happen to be outside .
Read Wired on the iPad .
Get the entire magazine , plus exclusive video , audio , slideshows , and more .
Download now .
Your bookcases should be groaning under the weight of resource materials : tomes with copious footnotes , incomprehensible abbreviations , and much cross-referencing .
Never mind that the only way to know whether anything will actually live in your soil is to plant it and see what happens .
Plants are full of surprises ; it ’s one of their most endearing characteristics .
The best gardeners push them around mercilessly .
You could spend years studying soil chemistry ; I will just point out that those are years in which you could be digging holes .
Your choice .
Your night table , your pantry , your bar cart , and your bathroom shelves should be laden with seed catalogs .
Heritage varieties are de rigueur .
The latest catalog from the D. Landreth Seed Company , which recently celebrated its 225th anniversary , will become an heirloom .
Knowing what to do with those seeds bears study — learning how to germinate , prick apart , repot , plant , transplant , pinch back , sow , and reap .
Tired yet ?
The geek ’s kitchen counter is covered with seed trays , the cellar full of tubers , the refrigerator packed with bulbs .
We have n’t even touched on rootstocks , whip - and - tongue grafting , hand pollinating , dividing , double digging , and those old standbys nitrogen , phosphorus , and potassium .
Surely you wo n’t buy fertilizers off the shelf ?
You need soil analyses ( consult your local cooperative extension ) for different parts of your garden , and you ’ll want to push ingredients for different functions —
P to help increase root growth ; K for fruit formation .
If you ’re noticing interveinal chlorosis , reach for Mg ( magnesium ) , check pH for acidity , and so on .
( See reference books . )
A couple of bags of dried blood and bonemeal lying about look , well , sexy , in that earthy , essence - of - musk sort of way .
I warn you :
You cannot spend enough time preparing your soil for planting — an entire year of tilling organic matter into the ground is probably not long enough .
I did not take this seriously , and as a result I may have to sell my house and start over somewhere else .
You need to know about the birds and the bees .
And the worms , compost , and water .
You want compost , a nd compost tea for fertilizing .
No industrial black plastic bins for you , even in the city .
Better to build wooden structures for stuff that you ’ll fork over , and then over again .
For the rest of your life .
Better yet to dig a hole in the ground , start making heaps , and train your squash vines up their sides .
Into the compost will go almost everything your children refuse to eat .
( And if you get rats ?
So what ? )
Worms are your best friends , your biggest helpers .
You will develop a fondness for their pleasant little ways when you look over your beds at dawn and see the elegant mounds of poo they have left behind during the night .
They never stop working .
Unlike children .
The first time your spade cuts through a gorgeous wriggling pink body , you will tell yourself what your mom probably told you :
That ’s how they reproduce !
Now you have two worms !
Like most things your mom told you , that is what is known in the trade as a white lie .
Just have a good cry and move on .
You ’ll grow used to the ruthless killing field that is a garden .
Besides , worms are hermaphrodites and have a lot more fun than you do .
Remember the apiaries .
No bees , no food .
No you .
Worse , no flowers .
The true geek cultivates his royal jelly .
So do n’t touch those pesticides .
A working knowledge of beneficial insects is also important .
Do not swat away those yellow jackets .
Welcome those aphid midges .
Capture your gray water .
Irrigation is the ne plus ultra of geek cred .
Hoses and siphons snaking out your bathroom windows , buckets under your trapless sinks — all that water you think has already been used is just beginning to be useful .
Pay no attention to the residue of cooking oil , food particles , and chemicals from your cosmetics and toothpastes .
Just remember that wastewater is alkaline , so do n’t throw it on acid -loving plants .
Bleach and soaps containing chlorine , boron , and sodium - based compounds are a no - no .
And I almost forgot : the garden itself .
Understandably , it ’s often an afterthought .
Even after language acquisition and soil preparation , there is more to be done .
Mainly , watching the sun .
That takes at least a year .
The garden geek will know where sunlight falls on both solstices , where shade , dappled or deep , is cast at all times of the year , including the dead of winter .
Finally , a word about garden design : nice .
That about sums it up .
Design is irrelevant to many gardeners , who would rather go deep — up to the ankles in alpines or to the armpits in Leguminosae — than wide .
Or grow food .
Three sister types of plantings ( say , corn supporting beans , which are fixing nitrogen , and squash acting as mulch at their feet ) are about as designer as it gets .
Many geeks gravitate toward horticulture ; consider simply pitching a greenhouse and propagating Schizophragma hydrangeoides .
This kind of thinking comes from the part of your brain that remembers all that Latin .
And it ’s not exactly wrong thinking , either .
Those neural pathways are the ones that understand you are not merely gardening .
You are tending a carbon sink .
That meadow of Panicum virgatum ( OK , but only this once : switchgrass ) is sequestering atmospheric carbon in stems and leaves and belching out beautiful , pure oxygen .
And underground , things really get cool — or rather , hot .
The roots associate with mycorrhizal fungi and produce gluey stuff called glomalin .
Not only does it hold soil together — a property known as tilth — but it ’s full of carbon .
A different part of the brain is activated by aesthetics ; it is the most human part .
It bears keeping in mind .
Beauty matters .
You can be a garden geek and still not be a gardener .
Some geeks can gaze into the fractal depths of Cynara cardunculus and see nothing but a Fibonacci sequence .
The true gardener appreciates the vagaries of life .
No matter what you do right — eat local , sink carbon , prepare for the zombie biker apocalypse by learning how to pickle your veggies — things will go wrong .
This is the hardest lesson to learn , but also the most important .
Gardens die .
And then they are reborn .
Dominique Browning ( slowlovelife.com ) is the author of Slow Love and writes an online column for the Environmental Defense Fund
Illustration : Oksana Badrak
' 3 x '5 Balcony Hothouse With just a few smart mods , tiny spaces can be high - yield gardens .
A narrow balcony is n’t a grower ’s dream , but it is n’t a nightmare either .
The key is to use your vertical space , plus a little protective enclosure , to create an adjustable microclimate that ’ll allow year - round thriving .
You wo n’t be able to grow enough to feed yourself , but you ’ll find that you make ( slightly ) fewer trips to the grocery store .
Potting mix ( instead of soil pilfered from the nearest construction site ) will keep your plants mostly disease - free , solar heat will help fight off frost , and a clever , inexpensive system of frames and suspended pots will increase your yield .
Plus , gifts of fresh tomatoes will be a great way to meet your neighbors after the zombies control the streets .
— Steven Leckart
Warm your microclimate a few precious degrees in the evenings with a wall of water bottles .
The containers ’ high surface - to - volume ratio means they ’ll absorb heat even on cloudy days and radiate ambient warmth onto your beloved crops when the temperature drops at night .
This kind of low - tech passive solar heating was a favorite of the ancient Greeks .
Pick your plants carefully — you ’re trying to balance yield per plant and plants per square foot with root depth , since deeper roots need deeper earth , which weighs heavily on your balcony .
While carrots need 3 feet of soil , bush beans require about half that .
A single tomato plant produces up to 16 pounds of fruit ; a single beet plant produces … one beet .
Doing a lot with only a little space means getting efficient , especially with moisturizing .
Subirrigated planters store water at the base and rely on capillary action — plant roots suck up H 2 O through potting mix that lets the water move efficiently and allows plenty of room for gas exchange .
( Roots absorb oxygen from soil macropores . )
The planter ’s reservoir protects your crops from overwatering .
Hang containers of shallow - rooted plants on a multilevel grid constructed from PVC .
Improved air circulation and increased exposure to the sun for each plant should up your yields .
Using separate planters also means you can choose a wider variety of vegetables with different germination and growth periods .
Best of all , you ’ll produce more edibles per square foot .
Mushrooms are obligate aerobes — that is , the strands that make up the body of the fungus , called the mycelia , need oxygen and nutrients to grow .
After the first fruiting — when the mushroom caps appear — harvest the spores , isolate the mycelia , add agar , and put in a jar with grain .
For every cup of mushrooms harvested , you ’ll get 2 to 3 grams of protein .
The best protection for crops is a translucent box — polyethylene sheeting lets through the photosynthetically active spectrum of sunlight ( 400 to 700 nm ) but diffuses it so plants do n’t get sunburned .
Eventually the plastic breaks down , so you ’ll have to replace it every few years .
But it costs only $ 3 a foot , give or take .
Bonus : Lugging it to your third - floor walk - up is no sweat .
Illustration : Oksana Badrak
' 20 x '30 Urban Plot Room to grill , grow food , and raise some feathered friends .
The postage stamp behind your row house has enough room for several raised beds that , combined with fence - mounted planter boxes and movable containers , should sate the fruit and vegetable appetites of a family of four in summer and fall .
A small potato crop piles on some additional calories , and three laying hens will supply you with eggs for most of the year .
Plus , chicken poop provides a nitrogen - rich base for your compost tumbler .
Your little ecosystem wo n’t exactly save you money — if you figure that organic feed is 72 cents a pound and the birds will each eat 2 pounds of chow a week , the dozen or so eggs you ’ll get weekly will cost around $ 4 .
— Bonnie Azab Powell
Get the most out of your land by dividing it into zones — one for people , one for vegetables , and one for hens .
Hang out near the house on the paved patio area where movable planters give you maximum flexibility .
Protect your crops from marauding chickens by installing access doors ; throw them open in winter to let the birds scratch through the beds and pick at weeds and worms .
Amp up your caloric output with tubers .
They ’re susceptible to blight , though , so buy fresh seed potatoes and sow your starchy friends in fabric containers like the Smart Pot :
It ’s easier to control soil moisture , and the roots stay warm and aerated .
Mound soil around the stems as the plants grow to coax up to 10 pounds from a 10 - gallon pot .
Seed these beds in succession to stagger your harvest .
A compost tumbler converts kitchen scraps and chicken crap into black gold for your veggie crop .
Give it a daily spin to keep the microbial party going .
The nitrogen - rich manure will get the barrel hot , hot , hot — around 140° F — killing pathogens but not beneficial microorganisms .
Let the mixture cure for a few months in a sealed container so microbes complete their life cycles .
The dirt in your city plot is probably kinda crummy , but you can pack a raised bed with top - quality potting mix .
Raised beds also make for warmer and better - drained soil , happier roots , easier weed control , and fewer pests — which means less work for you and more veggies for everyone .
Build the frames from almost anything but be careful of treated wood , which could leach chemicals .
If city regulations permit , you have just enough room for laying hens ( keep three or more for ideal flock dynamics ) .
House your egg factories in a three - room condo with an enclosed , slat - floored nesting / laying level at a height good for gathering eggs and cleaning up ; a mesh - enclosed , slat - floored lower - level platform for fowl to eat and drink ; and a ground - level sandbox for scratching and dusting .
Do n’t forget to use your fences : Espaliered dwarf fruit trees grow flat against the wall like vines , conserving space .
( Some even have several varieties of fruit , which ripen at different times , grafted onto a single rootstock . )
Walls are also great for hanging planter boxes for lettuces and strawberries and supporting trellises for veggies like tomatoes and vining tromboncino zucchini .
Illustration : Oksana Badrak
' 32 x ' 48 Suburban Spread Super soil and a good flora / fauna mix produce self - sustaining sustenance .
If you plan carefully , a large portion of a small family ’s diet can come from an average suburban yard — one that ’s twice as productive and a hundredth as energy - intensive as a typical farm .
The key :
You ’re not growing food ; you ’re growing soil — self - sustaining and self - improving , as roots bring up minerals and leave behind organic matter .
Close planting practically eliminates weeds ; diverse , rotating beds thwart harmful insects and fungi .
Growing the amount of carbonaceous composting material required to be genuinely sustainable limits the space for produce , but the diet wo n’t be drab .
You ’ll have mushrooms , apples , and even fish .
Just be prepared for a lot of digging .
— Ted Greenwald
Plants like soil that has proper texture ( the size and composition of mineral particles ) and structure ( how the particles stick together ) .
Aerobic bacteria consume plant residue and excrete polysaccharides that hold soil together .
Fungi break down minerals into forms plants can absorb .
Test soil annually to figure out what nutrients it needs for the first few seasons .
You ’ll need to compost much of what you grow to keep from depleting the soil .
Layer nitrogenous materials ( food scraps , garden clippings ) , soil , and carbon - rich refuse from crops you ’ve grown for that purpose .
Splash on water .
It ’ll get hot ; when it cools , dump it into a second bin to aerate .
After three months , sift and put the leftover chunks back into the first bin .
High - quality animal protein is n’t sustainable , but it sure is delicious .
A few laying hens will gobble up kitchen scraps , bugs from fallow garden beds , pests you hand - pick off crops , and crickets .
( Raise your own in a tall container indoors ; you ’ll need a dozen males and a dozen females to start . )
Rabbits are also quite tasty and breed like , well , rabbits .
A garden fence will do double duty , keeping less aggressive critters like skunks and people away while supporting espaliered fruit trees that you ’ve trained to climb like vines .
( Apples do well . )
Meanwhile , put the power of B. F. Skinner to work by smearing a lightly electrified ( 5,000 - volt ) deer fence with a mix of peanut butter and veggie oil .
One lick and they ’ll learn .
Maximize yield without depleting soil : 60 percent carbon - and - calorie crops like grains and sunflowers ( great for composting ) , 30 percent high - calorie roots , 10 percent veggies .
Scatter flowers to attract and feed pollinators , then plant trees , herbs , and ornamentals to draw pest - eating insects .
Rotate crops each season to vary which nutrients are drawn from soil .
Tilapia is perfect for backyard farming — it ’s an African breed that tolerates a wide range of conditions , produces a harvest every 100 days , and in 85 - degree water will transform a pound of dry feed into about a pound of meat ( paint the tank black for passive solar heating ) .
Plus , its nitrogen - rich effluent is ideal plant fertilizer .
Figure on producing about half a pound of fish per gallon of water in your pool .
Illustration : Oksana Badrak
' 40 x '60 Exurban Farm
The biggest yard can add luxuries like honey and beer to your harvest
The exurbs were made for vast green lawns and swimming pools .
But in the world of domestic terraforming , those are the first things to go .
Replace them with an edible landscape .
With a modest 2,400 square feet and a forgiving climate , you can grow most of what you need , plus a few luxuries .
Plant your garden right and you ’ll even have high - value produce like honey and herbs to barter .
If you ’ve got a quarter acre — probably more typical for the exurbs — you can start to think about raising a few pigs or goats .
Remember , it does n’t matter if you ’re underwater on your McMansion ; you ’ve got enough land to eat like a king .
— Thomas Hayden
Chickens convert feed to flesh superefficiently .
( Raise eight chicks at a time and give them the ax at two months to keep the freezer stocked . )
Dual - purpose breeds like Barred Plymouth Rock also provide eggs .
Supplement their diet with snails and sic them on the bugs in your orchard .
Rabbits and guinea pigs also make great stew .
But if it ’s beef you crave , you should have bought the ranchette .
With a minimum of space and care , bees will give you honey , candle wax , and crop pollination .
Bats will clear your land of mosquitoes , moths , and other winged pests — and deposit nutrient - rich poop .
If the idea of pinching off snails and slugs by hand ooks you out , you can terminate them with a dish of old beer .
As long as it ’s deep enough for them to drown in , they will .
Drunks …
Potatoes rule when it comes to calories per square foot .
But calories alone do n’t equal survival .
For more - concentrated nutritional content , you want sweet potatoes , turnips , and greens like leeks .
Intermix deep - rooting plants ( carrots ) with shallow ones ( lettuce ) ; shade tolerators ( peas ) with sun worshippers ( tomatoes ) .
Remember , monocultures are for suckers .
Do n’t like beans ?
Tough .
Plant ’em anyway .
Earth ’s atmosphere is 78 percent nitrogen , but it ’s in a gaseous form available almost exclusively to the rhizobium bacteria that live in legume root nodules .
The bacteria convert atmospheric N 2 into plant - friendly ammonia .
Beans and peas grow best when they grow together — let their climbing vines intertwine .
Hops are easy — run them up the back wall and you get 20 - foot - high vines that keep the house cool .
But barley is an indulgence .
You can coax maybe 20 pounds of malt grain from a 15 - by 15 - foot patch .
That ’s enough for about 10 gallons of beer , or 18 six - packs .
Share selectively .
Meanwhile , wheat averages 42 bushels per acre , and corn gets 155 bushels .
You want bread ?
Buy it .
Wastewater ?
There ’s no such thing .
The sinks , showers , and washers of a typical family of four can discharge 300 gallons per day .
That ’s enough to feed 375 square feet of wetland — your own personal watershed .
( Rainwater keeps the pond topped up . )
Plants and microbes convert waste to food for fish and ducks .
Tilapia eat weeds , frogs eat insects , and ducks lay eggs .
Illustration : Oksana Badrak
Publisher Ubisoft 's latest attempt to curb piracy of its PC games , making its debut appearance in submarine sim Silent Hunter 5 , has allegedly been cracked by " sceners " the day after its release .
Advertisement
Ubi's new anti-piracy measure , which will also be employed in the upcoming PC version of Assassin 's Creed II , requires that users maintain a constant internet connection in order to play their games .
There is no " off- line " option , according to Ubisoft 's official FAQ on the new DRM method , resulting in an experience that sounds less than pleasant .
Ubisoft later attempted to clarify how its DRM implementation works .
Advertisement
In the case of Silent Hunter 5 , which was released for Windows PCs yesterday , the team of crackers responsible claim that those who download the pirated version , currently making the rounds on torrent trackers and sites like Rapidshare , need only " Install game and copy crack , it 's that simple ! "
Their simple warning to those pirating the cracked version ?
" Do n't install / use Ubisoft launcher , or simply block any connection to internet . "
Yep .
Pretty much the opposite for those who own a legitimate copy of the game .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
We 've not attempted to download or install the supposed cracked version of Silent Hunter 5 — nor do we intend to — so we can't verify the cracking groups claims .
We have reached out to Ubisoft for comment .
Thanks to John and Owen for the heads up .
Pope Censures Perverted Priest - Founder of “ Legionaries of Christ ” Sexually Abused Seminarians
The founder of the Legionaries of Christ , Marcial Maciel , revered by many as a saint , has finally been disciplined by Pope Benedict for sexually abusing seminarians .
But why did he escape censure for so long ?
He was a priest for 62 years and a respected church leader for half a century .
Now Father Marcial Maciel Degollado ’s ecclesiastical career has reached a most ignominious end .
The 86 - year - old cannot say Mass , give lectures , or give interviews to the media .
He is instead to observe a life of penitence and prayer following the Vatican ’s request that the founder of the conservative Legionaries of Christ observe a series of restrictions on his ministry following a decade - long investigation into allegations of sexual abuse .
But the most puzzling question about these Vatican sanctions imposed on the accused pedophile is : how did he escape for so long ?
Part of the reason must be sheer disbelief , particularly among his defenders on the right wing of the Church .
This is a man who for much of his life was respected as a charismatic figure and master fundraiser who built up a fast - growing religious order of Spanish - speaking priests , seen by the Vatican as a counter to the inroads that evangelicals are making in Latin America .
The order , which Maciel founded in Mexico in 1941 when he was a 21 - year - old student , has a significant presence in that country , where it runs a number of schools for well - heeled children .
Today its numbers include 650 priests and 2,500 seminarians in 20 countries .
It has 11 universities , including its first in the United States , the newly incorporated University of Sacramento in California .
Maciel was repeatedly praised by senior church leaders , particularly Pope John Paul II , who threw a protective arm around him from the beginning of his pontificate in 1978 and continued to shield him up almost to his death .
He was used to smear campaigns against priests by Communists in his native Poland , and he was obviously convinced when the dynamic Mexican claimed that others were out to defame him .
Then there was the gratitude the Pope clearly felt for the way Maciel engineered the first foreign trip of his pontificate to Mexico in 1979 .
Maciel arranged a personal invitation to John Paul from the then Mexican president , Jos? Lopez Portillo .
It was considered a diplomatic coup in a country that had strong anti-clerical laws and a legacy of bloody persecutions of Catholics in the 1920s and 1930s .
John Paul ’s successor , Pope Benedict XVI , harbors no such illusions of the saintliness of those working in the vineyard .
As Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , he had been given charge of handling priestly sexual abuse cases from all over the world .
It opened the eyes of the scholarly theologian to the extent that he complained in a widely reported Good Friday meditation last year , shortly before he was elected Pope : “ How much filth there is in the Church and even among those who , in the priesthood , ought to belong entirely to him [ Jesus Christ ] . ”
In late 1994 , as John Paul was steadily failing , Cardinal Ratzinger authorized an investigation into the long - dormant canon law case that Maciel had abused young boys and teenagers in seminaries in Spain and Italy .
Rumors had long dogged the Legionaries ’ founder , with complaints as long ago as the 1950s that he had been involved in excessive control over seminarians and in drug abuse .
The complaints about sexual abuse first surfaced in the 1990s when nine former members of the Legionaries went public with their complaint that they had been abused by Maciel as seminarians and young priests as long ago as the 1940s .
Maciel was also charged with having given persons with whom he had committed a sin absolution in confession , an excommunicable offense .
John Paul never responded to formal complaints against Maciel made through official church channels in 1978 and 1989 .
The first expos ? of the charges was published in The Hartford Courant in 1997 and picked up by others , but there was no response from the Vatican .
A canon law case against Maciel was quashed without explanation in 1999 .
After the case was reopened in 2004 on the order of Cardinal Ratzinger , more testimonies against Maciel were collected .
The result of the investigation , concluded at the end of 2005 , and announced last week , is in effect a life suspension as a priest , although the Vatican stated that it was “ bearing in mind Father Maciel ’s advanced age and his delicate health ” to avoid a canonical trial .
Indeed , the restrictions placed on him are most gentle compared to what the penalty could have been had a canonical trial been held – defrocking ( or “ laicisation ” as the Church calls it ) , suspension or even excommunication .
But the lack of a canonical trial leaves an ambiguity that Maciel quickly seized on .
In a statement released by the Legionaries , Maciel , retired in his home town of Cotija , Mexico , proclaimed his innocence but said he would abide by the Vatican ’s decision .
The Legionaries compared him to Jesus Christ , deciding “ not to defend himself in any way ” .
Canon lawyers and other church observers say that no sanctions would have been imposed had not at least some of the accusations against him been well - founded .
But that does not matter to the Legion and its supporters , who can expect to continue proclaiming their leader to be saintly and heroically accepting of an unjust verdict .
Richard John Neuhaus , a leading American conservative who has been at the forefront in defense of Maciel and is editor of the magazine First Things , admits that “ It is reasonable to believe that [ the CDF and the Holy Father ] think Fr Maciel did do something wrong ” , but also compares Maciel to Joan of Arc , as someone the Church has unjustly persecuted .
Maciel ’s accusers are not entirely satisfied either .
“ We feel some element of vindication in that the Vatican recognized that he has been guilty and he has been condemned , ” said Juan Vaca , 68 , of Holbrook , New York , one of the nine who brought the canon law case .
But “ the Vatican is double - talking again ” in not clearly specifying Maciel ’s degree of guilt , he said .
Vaca said he joined the Legionaries from a small Mexican village when he was recruited at the age of 10 by Maciel , who began abusing him when he was 12 in a Legion seminary in Spain .
Vaca came to be head of the Legionaries in the United States , but left the order in 1976 to join the Diocese of Rockville Centre in New York .
He and another priest who had been abused , Fr Felix Alarcon , sent letters to the Pope through official church channels accusing Maciel in 1978 and 1989 but never got a response .
Vaca left the priesthood and is now a college teacher of psychology .
Fr Alarcon , who established the Legionaries ’ US headquarters in Connecticut in 1965 , is a retired priest in good standing in Madrid .
He sees the decision by Pope Benedict to take action against Maciel as significant .
“ The Church has for the first time put herself on the side of the victims .
The other Pope [ John Paul ] was n’t able to do this .
This Pope will force them to keep their feet on the ground , ” Fr Alarcon , 72 , said in a telephone interview .
Bitterness at the way John Paul dismissed their complaints is a recurring theme among those who repeatedly tried to gain his attention .
Saul Barrales , 74 , who was fired from a Catholic school in Mexico after he publicly joined those who accused Maciel of abusing them , said , “ I congratulate the Vatican in that finally the Pope did something .
Pope John Paul II supported [ Maciel ] but I think he was deceived or he was n’t totally informed of the truth .
But the present Pope is doing the right thing . ”
After the case was reopened in 2004 , a year - long investigation conducted by Mgr Charles J. Scicluna , a Maltese priest who is “ permanent promoter of justice ” for the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith , led to other people surfacing who had not come forward before to say that they too had been abused by Maciel .
There were still others , who knew nothing of sexual abuse , but who testified to what they called the psychological abuse and coercive tactics of the Legion and its mostly lay auxiliary , Regnum Christi .
In some parts of the world the Legionaries have suffered a major downturn in their fortunes following the scandal over Maciel .
Recruitment of seminarians has fallen dramatically in Ireland in recent years , as many Irish bishops have refused to cooperate with the order .
In the United States bishops have barred or severely restricted the Legion and Regnum Christi in five dioceses : St Paul - Minneapolis ; Los Angeles ; Baton Rouge , Louisiana ; Richmond , Virginia ; and Columbus , Ohio – because of its secretive methods of operating .
Archbishop Harry Flynn of St Paul - Minneapolis has accused the order of setting up a “ parallel Church ” .
Those who were abused have voiced their disappointment that the Vatican had thanked the Legionaries of Christ and Regnum Christi for their work when what is really needed is reform .
As Jos de J. Barba Martin , 66 , a university professor in Mexico City and a leader among the former Legionaries who brought the canon law suit against Maciel , put it : “ When the stem is corrupt so are the branches . ”
Gerald Renner is a former religion writer for The Hartford Courant in Connecticut and co-author , with Jason Berry , of Vows of Silence : The Abuse of Power in the Papacy of John Paul II , published by Free Press .
Courtesy of The Tablet
Mark Hamill is a massive comic book nut and it's obvious within five minutes of conversation with the actor that Batman The Joker , for 12 years of animated adventures must have been his dream role , and he loved it so much he would n't let anyone else near it .
" I played The Joker from 1992 to 2004 , for the entire run of the series , " he says .
" I did everything , even the talking toys .
They were n't going to hire me , they were going to get another guy and I got very protective of the character .
Hamill+in+Cannes+to+promote+his+new+movie+The +Black +Pearl .
" They said , ' Well , we can't pay you what you expect , we can only pay a scale . '
I said , ' Look , I 'd rather not let anyone else sleep in my sleeping bag . '
I would do all those things for scale .
I even did the voices on the Australian Batman rollercoaster ride , I 'm totally into it .
" He catches himself for a minute .
" This is the real comic book nerd emerging , " he laughs .
" And I 'm unapologetic about it , my wife just needed to deal with it !
She liked antique jewellery , I liked comic books !
" IGN has come to meet Hamill at the Cannes Film Festival , where he 's just announced intentions to direct a movie version of his comic book , The Black Pearl .
But since his comic features a vigilante hero without superpowers , the conversation has wandered smoothly towards Batman .
Specifically , towards his upcoming appearance in Batman : Arkham Asylum 2
But with The Joker forming such a large part of his acting career , it seems Hamill took some convincing to sign on for the sequel .
" My answer to [ developers Rocksteady ] for the sequel was , ' Guys , we 're never going to be able to top the original . '
It was so claustrophobic .
There were so many abilities like the stealth mode , and all those things you can do with the new technology .
I wanted to be able to say I 'd gone out on a high note .
" It was the same reaction he'd had when Rocksteady first approached him about the role in the original Batman : Arkham Asylum .
" When they said , ' We want you to come back [ to the role of The Joker ] and do Arkham , ' I said the same ; ' I left on a high note , I do n't think we could ever top that . '
But they said , ' We got Paul Dini , ' who was my favourite ever Joker writer , ' and Kevin Conroy , ' who I love .
This was a real reunion and a very pleasant experience .
So of course I relented , but I had no idea it would have the impact it did .
" Quite an impact , in fact .
" That game , which is pretty much the last product I had on the marketplace , did something like $ 562 m .
I mean , we 're talking about more than a half billion dollars . "
So he was unsurprised to get the phone call from Rocksteady about doing the sequel and they were equally unsurprised that he had doubts .
" Of course they translated [ my hesitance ] to me holding out for a bigger salary , " he laughs .
" But I said , ' No . '
I never looked at it like , ' Boy , I 'm going to make a truckload of money . '
I really did want it to be good .
" So what changed his mind ?
" I got on the phone with Rocksteady and they really reassured me and told me what they were going to do with the sequel .
But I 'm sworn to secrecy !
" Nevertheless , there 's plenty to be gauged from his final remarks , certainly about the fate of The Joker in this second part .
" This will be my last , there 's no question about that .
But it 's the last hurrah . "
In the waning days of the Bush administration , the US Department of Energy signed contracts with more than a dozen utilities promising to permanently store nuclear waste from 21 not - yet - built reactors , nuclear watchdog groups reported Wednesday .
But that " below the radar " DOE commitment was an unreasonable and unnecessary risk to taxpayers given the $ 1 billion dollars in contractual penalties the agency faced at the time – and the agency 's 35 - year failure to develop a permanent radioactive waste storage site , the groups said , citing federal contract documents they had obtained .
At the time DOE officials signed the contracts in late 2008 , the government faced – and still faces – scores of lawsuits by nuclear utilities seeking compensation because the government has not stored their spent fuel as promised .
Instead , the utilities must store it on their own sites .
When DOE officials signed the deals , the government had already paid $ 565 million in damages and faced $ 790 million in judgments on appeal .
IN PICTURES : Nuclear power around the world
" It was rash for the Bush Administration to sign contracts for new reactors while taxpayers are on the hook for billions due to default on existing waste contracts , " Arjun Makhijani , president of the Institute for Energy and Environmental Research ( IEER ) , one of the watchdog groups , told reporters at a press conference Wednesday .
" These new contracts are likely to add billions more in damages at a time when the federal government is struggling with deficit containment . ”
Energy Department way behind schedule
The Department of Energy is more than a decade behind schedule in fulfilling its contractual obligations to remove and permanently dispose of highly radioactive spent fuel from the nation 's 104 nuclear power reactors .
By 2020 , taxpayers will have paid about $ 12 billion in court judgments against DOE for its failure to find a permanent storage site for highly radioactive spent nuclear fuel , the Congressional Budget Office estimated last year .
The contracts with nuclear power companies would require the government to begin collecting and storing waste no sooner than 2068 , the groups reported .
But even that seemingly distant date is unlikely to be enough time since by then there would be enough waste to fill more than two Yucca Mountains , the failed storage site that the Obama administration cancelled earlier this month .
Some members of Congress are seeking to block the administration from defunding the project .
The Obama administration has signaled its support for expanding nuclear power by expanding federal loan guarantees .
But much depends on the administration 's new blue ribbon commission tasked with solving the long - term disposal of nuclear waste .
The commission is meeting for the first time this week , but its first report is not expected for 18 months .
Yet its task is made even more urgent by billions in pending court judgments now stacking up against US taxpayers , nuclear critics say .
" Given that after 35 years of searching , the U.S. has failed to license a single repository , it is reasonable to predict that the siting of two new repositories will take at least 50 years , if not 75 or 100 years , " the groups said in their report .
" Thus , there is a very real potential for defaults on the new irradiated nuclear fuel contracts signed in 2008 - 2009 . "
" I do n't see how these contracts are any different than contracts entered into back in the 1980s – there was no used - fuel repository at that time either , " says Steve Kerekes , a spokesman for the Nuclear Energy Institute , an industry group .
" One could argue this is just the government continuing to take steps to honor its commitment . "
In response to the watchdog groups ' report , the DOE issued this statement Thursday , March 25 :
" The Department is fully committed to ensuring that the Nation meets our long - term storage obligations for nuclear waste .
That is why Secretary Steven Chu established the Blue Ribbon Commission on America ’s Nuclear Future to conduct a comprehensive review of policies for managing the back end of the nuclear fuel cycle and to provide recommendations for developing a safe , long - term solution to managing the Nation ’s used nuclear fuel and nuclear waste .
Liability depends on when the government takes used nuclear fuel , and not on whether the fuel is taken to a Yucca Mountain or any other specific location .
As we work to develop this safe , long - term solution , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has said that used fuel can be safely stored in dry casks for decades . "
Millions every year to store nuclear waste
Today nuclear power companies pay about $ 750 million annually in fees to cover the cost of disposing of nuclear waste , but must store it at their own sites .
So far , they have paid more than $ 16 billion into a fund for long - term waste disposal services they have n't yet seen from the DOE , the CBO reported last year .
Under contracts signed with electric utilities under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act , DOE by 1998 was supposed to begin taking waste from company storage sites and sending it to a disposal facility .
After the government missed its 1998 deadline to start collecting waste , electric utilities began suing the government for damages .
About 63,000 tons of spent fuel has already been generated by existing reactors that will produce another 42,000 tons in the future , the watchdog groups said .
Add to that another 21,000 metric tons that could be expected to be generated by 21 new reactors that DOE placed under contract , and the total reaches 126,000 metric tons – enough to fill Yucca Mountain twice .
The contract documents show the US government will be required to begin taking possession of spent fuel from the new reactors 50 years after a new reactor begins operating , the groups estimated .
That might seem like plenty of time .
Yet , the US has already tried unsuccessfully for 35 years to find just one site , says Kevin Kamps , a spokesman for Beyond Nuclear .
The DOE knew , or should have known , it would be highly risky to commit itself to finding several storage sites in that time frame , he says .
" Fifty - three years into commercial nuclear power ... the US still has no safe , sound , permanent storage plan for high - level radioactive waste , " he told reporters .
Meanwhile , the spent fuel stacking up at the sites is a terrorist target , he and others said .
IN PICTURES : Nuclear power around the world
Editor 's note :
This story was updated Thursday March 25 with a statement from the US Department of Energy .
Press Release : IMF , Swiss National Bank Announce High - Level Conference on International Monetary System
Press Release No.10/171
April 27 , 2010
The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) and the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) will jointly host a High - Level Conference on the International Monetary System in Zurich on May 11 , 2010 .
In the wake of the global crisis , this conference will provide an opportunity to exchange ideas on a number of related topics , including sources of instability in the international monetary system , improving the supply of reserve assets , dealing with volatile capital flows , and possible alternatives to countries ’ accumulation of reserves as self - insurance against future crises .
The conference will bring together a group of high - level participants , including central bank governors , other senior policymakers , leading academics , and commentators .
The key objective of the conference is to examine weaknesses in the current international monetary system , and identify reforms that might be desirable over the medium to long run to build a more robust and stable world economy .
The event will be concluded with a joint press conference by SNB Governor Philipp Hildebrand and IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
La National Public Radio de EU difundi� hoy la primera parte de una investigaci�n period�stica en la que afirma que el gobierno de Calder�n ha favorecido a ese grupo criminal en la lucha contra el narco
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 18 de mayo de 2010
EFE | El Universal
20:28
Iran 's Parliament speaker Ali Larijani warned that the Islamic country would cancel the nuclear fuel swap deal it had recently signed with Turkey and Brazil if Western powers did not endorse it , Israel Radio reported Saturday .
Larijani said that the Iranian parliament backed the agreement ; however , if the Western powers continued to refuse their support or threaten the country with further sanctions , he would withdraw his initial support .
Open gallery view Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , Tayyip Erdogan meeting in Tehran on Monday May 17 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
The deal , in which Iran will send some of its enriched uranium to Turkey in exchange for fuel rods for a Tehran medical research reactor , has failed to ease concerns in the West where there are fears that Tehran will continue to enrich uranium to higher levels .
Under the agreement , the first batch of Iran 's uranium would arrive in Turkey within a month .
Earlier , Iran said it intended to go ahead with the deal despite a new sanctions resolution against Tehran pending at the UN , an Iranian parliamentarian said on Saturday .
" Iran is committed to the vows that it made and wants to make them operational and will submit its letter to International Atomic Energy Agency , " Alaeddin Boroujerdi , head of parliament 's Foreign Affairs and National Security Committee , was quoted as saying by semi-official news agency ISNA .
" The Americans ' propaganda will not have any effect on Iran 's decision ...
We advise those countries who want to issue this resolution against Iran not to be manipulated by America . "
Earlier Saturday , Turkey 's prime minister said he was seeking international support for the deal , as Iran prepares to hand an official letter to the International Atomic Energy Agency chief on Monday about the nuclear fuel swap agreement with Brazil and Turkey .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's office said Saturday he has written to the leaders of 26 countries saying the deal would resolve the nuclear standoff with Iran by way of diplomacy and negotiation .
The countries include all permanent and non-permanent members of the United Nations Security Council .
Leaders of the three countries announced the agreement , under which Iran will send some of its enriched uranium to Turkey in exchange for fuel rods for a Tehran medical research reactor , this past Monday .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said in Istanbul on Friday he hoped the deal would open the way to a negotiated settlement of Iran 's row with the West over its nuclear program .
" After the joint announcement of Iran , Turkey and Brazil , Iran 's permanent ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency announced the country 's readiness to submit the letter to the agency , " IRNA reported .
" In a meeting with the agency 's chief Yukiya Amano on Monday , Iran will hand over the letter , " the news agency added .
Such an arrangement was first discussed last October as a way to cut Iran 's uranium stockpile below the minimum that would be needed for a nuclear weapon if enriched to a high fissile purity - and buy time for more negotiations .
Turkey and Brazil - both currently non-permanent members of the UN Security Council - and Iran have urged a halt to talk of further sanctions because of the deal , but Western powers suspect it is an Iranian tactic to avert or delay sanctions .
But the five permanent members of the UN Security Council , after months of negotiations , agreed a draft resolution on a new set of sanctions against Iran that Washington handed to the Security Council on Tuesday .
The new , extended sanctions would target Iranian banks and call for inspection of vessels suspected of carrying cargo related to Iran 's nuclear or missile programs .
Iranian officials have dismissed the draft resolution as lacking legitimacy , and rejected international demands that it suspend enrichment .
Erdogan sent a letter to U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday that described the uranium swap deal as opening the door for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear standoff with Iran .
In order to " protect " the public , a judge in Malawi has sentenced a gay couple to 14 years in prison with hard labor for " gross indecency " and committing " unnatural acts . "
Somewhere , Rev. Rick Warren is smiling .
[ BBC , pic ]
Designer Ronen Kadushin has designed an open - source mallet for smashing up iPhones .
Called iPhonekiller , the device features 1.6 kg of laser - cut steel attached to a wooden handle .
The design can be downloaded and adapted from Kadushin 's website .
Photographs are by Chanan Strauss .
Above photograph is by Lizzy Kalisvaart .
Here 's some more information from the designer :
“ Pitch ” : ( in a Steve Jobs style product announcement )
Whenever a new hand held device , or new exciting smartphone hits the market , a question roars through the internets , tech blogs and news :
Is this the iPhone killer ?
The answer is always ... well ... not quite , not yet ....
So I was thinking , maybe these guys who make these devices are not looking at the right place for that iPhone killer .
Why do n’t I scratch that dream product itch , and transform this buzzword into a real product that it ’s soul purpose is to do what it claims to be ...
I ’d like to introduce you to the iPhonekiller ...
It ’s amazing ...
It is an open design , you can download it from my website , produce and use it .
It is 1.6 Kg , 25 mm ( 3.5 lbs , 1 inch ) of precision laser cut steel , with a fantastic 36 cm wood ax handle .
You can just feel the awesome power of it when you hold it in your hand ...
It ’s amazing ...
Like most of my designs of the last six years , iPhonekiller is an Open Design , meaning , its design CAD files can be freely downloaded , copied , modified and produced by anyone , without special tooling , under a Creative Commons license .
The iPhonekiller is compatible with all iPhone models , also the future ones , and with iPads .
The iPhonekiller is my Open Design reaction to current tech products and personalities status , worshiped by media and public .
A buzzword materializing with a function suggested by tech blogs .
i Phonekiller product page
Name of product : iPhonekiller ( prototype )
Designer : Ronen Kadushin
Year of design and production : 2010
Materials : 25 mm thick laser cut steel .
Axe wood handle .
Dimensions : head : 13 cm x 7 cm , 1.6Kg .
Overall length : 34cm
DezeenTV : iPhonekiller movie
.
Movie is by Robert Andriessen .
See also :
.
Crikey , while we ’re all expecting Google to unleash Android 2.2 on us all later today at its Google I/ O 2010 conference , plans are already well underway for a launch of the 3.0 refresh of the mobile OS .
Over on the FAQ page for the WebM media project which Google revealed yesterday , a date is given for the arrival of Android 3.0 – AKA “ Gingerbread ” – Q4 2010 .
Here ’s the quote , lifted from the FAQ :
“ When will other Google products support WebM and VP8 ?
“ WebM support in Android is expected in the Gingerbread release ( currently planned for Q4 , 2010 ) .
We expect many other Google products to adopt WebM and VP8 as they prioritize it with their other product requirements .
Keep an eye on the WebM blog for announcements ”
Obviously there ’s obviously no official imagery yet available for Android 3.0 , so we ’ll leave this update as TEXT ONLY .
Your browser is working properly .
Link via Androidsis .
UPDATE : Obviously we ’ve been a bit ‘ previous ’ in suggesting Gingerbread will be Android 3.0 .
It could be version 2.3 or 2.5 , or Google might go crazy and label it 5.0 simply to annoy Apple .
My friend and former student K arrived in DC yesterday , along with a friend .
She came over on some kind of travel exchange program put together by a Russian travel agency called ' XXXXX ' .
They paid about 3 K for this program .
The program promised a job offer in advance , but did n't deliver .
They said they would send one via email , but failed there , too .
Her contact in the USA barely speaks English , does n't answer her calls but does answer mine .
He has asked her and her friend to meet in NYC tonight around midnight , with promises of hostess work in a lounge .
Yes , I know how horrific that sounds - that 's why I am working all possible angles here .
She is not going to NYC but I need some help handling and understanding how to handle this - I have a friend helping them with a cheap hotel for the night , but that 's all at the moment .
I am presently driving to LA and could fly her and her friend to meet me there on Saturday , but could n't house them indefinitely .
I will be monitoring this thread over the next hour .
A Russian friend of mine may be in a dangerous situation in Washington , DC .
Homeboy Industries , the Los Angeles institution whose mission for more than 20 years has been to turn jobs into a recipe for saving the lives of gang members , laid off most of its employees Thursday because of crushing financial problems .
Father Gregory Boyle , who started Homeboy Industries in Boyle Heights during the height of the city ’s gang wars , said 300 people were laid off , including all senior staff and administrators .
Boyle said he has stopped taking a paycheck .
“ We let people know so they could apply for unemployment , which I ’m going to do as well , ” he said .
Inside the organization ’s headquarters at Alameda and Bruno streets in Chinatown , employees — many of them former gang members — took turns embracing and consoling Boyle .
Young men crowded around him and promised to come back even without pay .
Advertisement
“ We love you , G . We ’ll be here tomorrow , ” said one .
The 55 - year - old priest called it a “ Frank Capra moment , ” but he was noticeably dejected .
For two decades , Homeboy Industries has offered counseling , removed tattoos and helped gang members find jobs .
Its motto : “ Nothing stops a bullet like a job . ”
But Boyle said no amount of campaigning and fundraising could make up the roughly $ 5 million the organization needed to operate .
He said pleas for donations had resulted in some help , but not nearly enough .
He acknowledged that the people Homeboy Industries helps have always been a hard sell , and more so when the economy is struggling .
Advertisement
“ If these were puppies or little kids , we would n’t be in this trouble , ” he said .
“ But they ’re tattooed gang members with records .
So I think a lot of people love this place , but not the folks who can write the big checks , the ‘ Save the Hollywood sign ’ check . ”
The only employees not laid off were more than 100 who work in the organization ’s businesses , including its store , bakery and Homegirl Cafe .
Boyle said that for the moment , the social services offered would continue , precariously , only because employees said they would keep coming .
Eventually , like others left in the lurch by the worst economic downturn since the 1930s , many would need to find work elsewhere .
“ We cobbled together payrolls since November .
But it was not enough to save us , ” Boyle said .
“ Hope has left the building a little bit .
Miracles happen .
They just have n’t happened for us lately . ”
Still , the priest emphasized to his staff that this was not the end for Homeboy Industries .
Advertisement
Boyle acknowledged some blunders .
When he embarked on a campaign to raise money to buy the building on Alameda Street , the organization did not factor in enough money to pay for operations that serve more than 12,000 gang members and former gang members a year , he said .
The $ 5 million “ should have been included in our capital campaign , and it was n’t , ” Boyle said .
“ And that was our error ....
We sort of forgot that we were going to put a program in this place . ”
Homeboy Industries probably would have weathered that mistake , but then the recession struck — and the organization became busier .
“ The recession happened , and everyone and his mother , every ZIP Code that has a gang had people coming here from all over the county , ” Boyle said .
Advertisement
Homeboy Industries has gotten plaudits from influential politicians , celebrities and , increasingly , high - ranking LAPD officials — though over the years , rank - and - file officers have been critical , calling Boyle an apologist for gangbangers who do n’t always change .
But Boyle has become an L.A. icon because of his work , with some supporters saying he should be considered for the Nobel Peace Prize .
Hector Verdugo , 35 , a former gang member from Boyle Heights who became a top administrator at Homeboy Industries , said it was only natural that the priest ’s wards would try to comfort him when they saw him crying Thursday .
Together , they prayed in the lobby and vowed to return as long as they could , even without pay .
“ Everyone just said , ‘ Thank you , G , for bringing us this far , ’ ” said Verdugo , a father of three .
“ But this is n’t the end .
Like Father G said , this is just a pause . ”
Advertisement
hector.becerra@latimes.com
( CNN ) -- Former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin joined the national battle over Arizona 's controversial new immigration law Saturday , appearing with Gov. Jan Brewer in Phoenix to denounce the Obama administration 's criticism of the law .
" It 's time for Americans across this great country to stand up and say ' We 're all Arizonans now and , in clear unity , we say Mr. President , do your job , secure our border , ' " Palin said , standing beside Brewer at a Saturday afternoon press conference .
Brewer used the event to announce her first appointment to the state 's new Joint Border Security Advisory Committee and the launch of a Website to combat what she said was a national misinformation campaign about the state 's new law .
Palin and Brewer , both Republicans , decried plans by opponents of the new law to boycott the state in protest .
Passed in April , the law requires immigrants in Arizona to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals ' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance .
Critics say it will lead to racial profiling , while supporters deny that and say it is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants .
President Obama has criticized the Arizona law , saying that in dealing with the immigration issue , " the answer is n't to undermine fundamental principles that define us as a nation . "
" You can imagine if you are an Hispanic American in Arizona , your great grandparents may have been there before Arizona was even a state , but now suddenly if you do n't have your papers , and you took your kid out to get ice cream , you 're gonna be harassed , " Obama said , referring to the statute at a April rally in Iowa .
" That 's something that could potentially happen , " he said .
" That 's not the right way to go . "
Brewer signed a package of changes to the law shortly after it passed that she said addressed concerns about profiling , though critics said the changes made little difference .
Palin joined Brewer on Saturday in denying the statute would lead to racial profiling .
" I think for most American people the reaction to that would be , ' Why are n't ( police ) already doing that ? ' " the former Alaska governor said .
" And while Mexico 's president has begun to crack down on the violent drug cartels and corruption in his own country , " she continued , " It 's time for the United States government to enforce the rule of law as well . "
Brewer also took jabs at Obama and the federal government .
" Our border is being erased and our president apparently considers it a wonderful opportunity to divide people along racial lines for his personal political convenience , " she said .
It is important when developing herbal beers that you get advice about your ideas from knowledgeable sources .
Also , that you control the flow of your beer so that it is not abused .
This is certainly the case with a beer containing wormwood .
Although wormwood has been used in beer in ages past , it was usually due to an unscrupulous landlord who sought to drown the tang of sour beer with this most astringent bitter .
Thusly , I must recommend that this beer is not for the light of heart , and legally , I cannot condone the manufacture or imbibing of the following recipe .
For all you pirate brewers out there , read on ...
When I decided to make a bitter Pilsner , I decided to focus my energies on creating the most bitter brew imaginable - bitter , with bitter undertones of an amazingly floral nature .
I selected malts with bitter qualities , but light as well , and found a ratio to blend hops and wormwood to engender a bitter quality in the beer that evolved and excites the palate .
The added inebriating effect of wormwood was a pleasant bonus .
I used wormwood in the ratio of one - half ounce per six gallons .
I would recommend using no more than this amount , and one - quarter ounce is probably sufficient to make a uniquely stimulating beer .
I added the wormwood to a basic pilsner recipe , as follows .
Ingredients for a five gallon batch :
Lord Wormcastle 's Select Bitters
4.5 lbs. pale malt extract
2 lbs .
Weyermann Pilsner malt
1 lbs .
Weyermann Vienna malt
1/2 lbs. Briess Organic Carapils malt
1 ounce Cascadia bittering hops
2 ounces Fuggle finishing hops
¼ to ½ ounce dried Wormwood ( Artemesia Absintium )
White Labs # 800 Pilsner Lager
Brewing Instructions :
1 . Heat two gallons of water to 160 - 165 degrees , then turn the heat off .
Add the grains ( or grain bag with grains in it ) and stir well .
The temperature should be 150 degrees .
You can adjust the temperature if necessary by adding heat , hot water , or cold water .
2 . Allow the grains to soak for 40 to 60 minutes at 150 degrees .
You can perform a starch test to see if the mash is done .
3 . Heat one gallon of water to 170 degrees in a separate pot .
Sparge the grains with this water when the mash is complete .
4 . Add water to the liquid collected from the grains to make up to 5 1/4 gallons .
5 . Heat the water to almost boiling and then turn the heat off .
Now , add the malt extract and dissolve the extract completely .
Next , turn the heat back on and bring to a boil .
6 . Once the wort has reached a rolling boil add 1 ounce Cascadia bittering hops
and boil for 40 minutes .
7 . Add two ounces Fuggle finishing hops along with ¼ to ½ ounce dried Wormwood ( Artemesia Absintium ) and boil for 10 more minutes .
8 . Cool the wort to room temperature and pour into primary fermentation vessel ( carboy ) .
9 . Add yeast to the wort and ferment in a cool and dark place for five to seven days .
The ancient Vikings would yell and scream at the beer during this time to awaken the spirit of the grains , cursing it roundly to get up its temper and potency .
10 .
Good to rack the beer , due to additional sediment imparted by wormwood .
Let this brew ferment until the fermentation process is complete .
11 . Bottle or keg and enjoy ( sparingly ) .
How long have you spent on Chat Roulette ?
An hour ?
A day ?
A week ?
You probably have n’t even changed clothes !
Now is the time to change that and start looking sharp in this super soft Chat Roulette T - Shirt .
Please note that XXL and XXXL sizes cost $.99 cents more per shirt !
Looking for other funny T - Shirts ?
Click here to see our Second Chance deal section to see what ’s available !
We ’re not lawyers here at www.islisp.info, which means you should consult an actual lawyer if you ’re in any way concerned about your actual legal exposure , but our informal recommendation is the following :
For information on the process used to create the above specification , see the “ History ” page at this site .
If you need to refer to the actual ISO document , you should order a copy for your own reference from ISO .
ISO is the only source of ISO documents that we know of .
We are not some kind of cheap second source for them .
If you need to make derivative works of the ISO document , you should negotiate the use of the ISO name with ISO .
You should not assume you are free to use it .
We would n’t know , because we are n’t them , but we presume that ISO has specific guidelines for how its name may and may not be used for endorsing things .
The search for a 22 - year - old Glendale woman who eventually said she made up her story about being kidnapped could cost taxpayers thousands of dollars .
Officials , however , said Nancy Salas is unlikely to face criminal charges in Glendale in connection with the hoax .
“ She is an adult , ” Glendale Police Sgt. Tom Lorenz told the News - Press .
“ And she has a right to do as she pleases , and if she wants to leave her family and her friends , that is her right . ”
Still , he said city attorneys would evaluate if and how the city could recoup the costs of the massive search efforts .
In the hours after Salas was reported missing -- after a supposed run up Chevy Chase Canyon on Wednesday morning -- Glendale police assigned more than a dozen investigators to the case .
Many worked past midnight Wednesday with her family , friends and church members as a massive search in Chevy Chase Canyon was carried out with a police helicopter , bloodhounds and other canines trained to sniff out dead bodies .
This gag was originally gonna involve Marigold and Sven , but it made more sense to make it Dale .
Also I just like drawing Dale . ps no I do not play WoW
“ The worst beverage in America ” is a bit more conservative in Canada , Tim Hortons told the Star on Wednesday .
One of Cold Stone Creamery ’s new flavour ice cream shakes , with 2,010 calories and 68 grams of saturated fat , was declared the unhealthiest drink out of a list of 20 worst , according to Men ’s Health magazine .
The ice cream company ’s peanut butter and chocolate milk shake packs the equivalent of 68 strips of bacon in saturated fat , the U.S. health magazine ’s Eat This , Not That website declared .
In Canada , Cold Stone is tucked inside 40 of the 3,000 Tim Hortons , including 17 across the Golden Horseshoe .
The giant - sized drink is n’t sold in Canada , Tim Hortons spokesman David Morelli said .
Just the 1,280 - calorie size and the 1,690 - calorie size are .
“ Milkshakes are in indulgent treat , ” said Morelli .
“ We offer lots of healthier options , too , ” including a fruit smoothie in the test stage and high - fibre muffins .
Cold Stone is a “ premium ice cream that uses dairy products that come from Canada , ” he said .
“ Our customers have fallen in love with it . ”
Cold Stone fans can indeed be fanatical , trading rhapsodies and discoveries online .
On the plus side , a 16 - ounce PB&C shake delivers 60 per cent of a person ’s daily requirement of Vitamin A , 80 per cent of the daily dose of calcium , 15 per cent of the iron and 8 per cent of the fibre , despite 58 grams of saturated fat , nearly three times what anyone should eat in a day .
“ We want to give our customers options , so they can decide the kind of food they want to eat and where . ”
To Morelli , a PC&B might be a “ reward after a hard - won sports match ” or a date drink to share with someone special .
Cold Stone sent the Star some “ calorie saving tips ” to temper the richness of its “ super - premium ice cream . ”
Substituting “ Sinless Sweet Cream ” for ice cream in any make - it - yourself dessert will cut 57 per cent of the calories and all of the fat , said spokeswoman Jami Thompson .
Likewise , ladling blueberries rather than Reese ’s Peanut Butter cups into an ice cream will eliminate 180 calories .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
All the components are easy to make but the caramel will require your undivided attention .
If you 've caramelized sugar before , then you know things can go from zero to accidental lollipops in NO TIME FLAT .
After the caramel sauce is made for the cupcakes , let it cool slightly .
Cut a small round out of the top of each cupcake , but not too deep .
You 'll drop about 1 teaspoon of caramel in the divot and cover it back up with the cake piece .
You may be tempted to pour more caramel in , but trust me - more is not always better .
One teaspoon is sufficient especially with the addition of very sweet buttercream on top !
The salted caramel flourish is nice if you are serving these for a special occasion or if you want something a little showy .
It tastes really good too !
The picture below is from a cookbook I have demonstrating the caramel technique .
I did the same thing except I moved my spoon in circles to form more of a spinning pattern .
[ click for printable version ] Triple Salted Caramel Cupcakes
Makes 15 Cupcakes
Cupcakes :
1 1/2 cups all - purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
1 stick of unsalted butter , at room temperature
1 cup plus 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar
2 large eggs , at room temperature
1 teaspoon vanilla
1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk
Preheat oven to 325 degrees .
Line muffin tins with papers .
Combine flour , baking powder and salt ; set aside .
Cream butter and brown sugar on medium - high speed until pale fluffy .
Add eggs , one at a time , beating until each is incorporated .
Add vanilla .
Mix and scrape down sides of bowl as needed .
Add flour mixture in three batches , alternating with two additions of buttermilk , and beating until combined after each .
Divide batter evenly among lined cups , filling each about halfway full .
Bake for about 25 minutes .
When done , transfer tins to wire racks to cool 10 minutes ; turn out cupcakes onto racks and let cool completely .
Salted Caramel Filling :
1/2 cup sugar
3 tablespoons salted butter cubed
1/4 cup plus 1 tablespoons heavy cream , at room temperature
Melt the sugar over medium high heat in a large pot .
Whisk the sugar as it melts and cook until it becomes a deep amber color .
Add the butter and stir it in until melted .
Pour in the heavy cream ( mixture will foam ) and whisk until you get a smooth sauce .
You may have some lumps but keep stirring until they have melted .
Remove from heat and let cool slightly .
Cut a small round piece out of the tops of each cooled cupcake and pour in 1 teaspoon of caramel .
Replace the cake piece and set cupcakes aside .
Salted Caramel Buttercream Frosting :
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons water
1/4 cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 stick salted butter
1 stick unsalted butter
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1 1/2 cups powdered sugar
In a saucepan , stir together granulated sugar and water .
Bring to a boil over medium high heat .
Cook without stirring until mixture turns a deep amber color .
Remove from heat and slowly add in cream and vanilla , stirring until very smooth .
Let caramel cool for about 20 minutes , until it is just barely warm and still pourable .
In a mixer fitted with paddle attachment , beat butter and salt together until lightened and fluffy .
Reduce speed to low and add powdered sugar .
Mix until thoroughly combined .
Scrape down the side of the bowl and add the caramel .
Beat on medium high speed until light and airy , and completely mixed ( about 2 minutes ) .
Mixture should be ready to use without refrigeration .
If your caramel was too hot when added , it will cause your icing to be runny .
If this happens refrigerate for 15 - 20 minutes .
Top caramel - filled cupcakes with frosting .
Candied Salted Caramel Rounds
1 1/4 cups granulated sugar
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
3/4 cup water
2 - 4 tablespoons of large - crystal sugar
Lay out a large piece of parchment on your work surface and spray with cooking oil ( such as canola ) .
Fill a large tub ( or your sink ) partially full of ice water .
Put sugar , salt and cold water in a heavy pan ; stir over low heat until sugar dissolves .
Increase heat and bring syrup to a boil .
Lower heat slightly and swirl the pan once or twice as the syrup caramelizes so it will color evenly ; do not stir .
When the caramel is deep amber , plunge the base of the pan into ice water for about 2 seconds to stop further cooking .
Working quickly , dip a spoon in the caramel and let it fall onto the parchment paper in a drizzle .
Move the spoon in a circular motion as the syrup falls from the spoon .
Repeat 15 times .
When caramel has hardened ( it will still be sticky ) sprinkle on the large - crystal sugar .
Remove from paper and adorn cupcakes .
<A HREF= " http://ws.amazon.com/widgets/q?rt=tf_cw&ServiceVersion=20070822&MarketPlace=US&ID=V20070822%2FUS%2Fspribake-20%2F8010%2Fbb6442a5-9576-4efd-b363-761a0e320c39&Operation=NoScript ">Amazon.com
Widgets </A>
link Triple Salted Caramel Cupcakes By Heather Baird Tuesday , May 18 , 2010 Tuesday , May 18 , 2010 Triple Salted Caramel Cupcakes Recipe ByPublished :
These little cakes have been a long time in the making .
I guess you could call them my own personal Frankenstein .
I 've been searching for the perfect salted caramel cupcake recipe and although there are some good ones out there , I 've never found the holy grail .
I did find pieces and parts of different recipes that I loved and wanted to use again .
I guess you could say that I stitched them all together and what you see above is the delicious result !
I experimented with the frosting until it had the perfect taste and texture .
The recipes I had tried before were either too salty or not salty enough to carry the name .
I also wanted the cake itself to have a caramel element instead of just being a mere vehicle for caramel frosting .
I used a light brown - sugar cake recipe ( which adds to the caramely taste ) and added a rich salted caramel sauce to the center .
As a finishing touch , I added salted caramel rounds sprinkled with - , but large crystal sugar ( it just appears to be salted * wink ) .
The salt is added while the caramel is cooking .
While making the frosting ( various times ) I never could seem to get the saltiness perfected .
I fiddled around with the salt measurements , but it did n't come out right until I replaced onestick of butter for onestick of butter .
In addition , 1 / 2 teaspoon sea salt is added .
The flavor hits all the right notes without being too salty , yet you know by taste that it isWe may cry when these are all gone ... I also wrapped my rolling pin in parchment paper and drizzled caramel back and forth over it to create a caramel arch .
After it dried and I removed the paper , I had an extra-long candied caramel tunnel .
I almost hated to break it apart !
If you do n't want to go to the extra trouble of making the candied caramel , then you can still have " triple caramel " by drizzling a little caramel syrup on the buttercream .
You should haveenough left over after filling the cupcakes for a little extra on top .
Book of the Week Les Siciliens
by Ferdinando Scianna Born and raised in Sicily in 1946 , Ferdinando Scianna has portrayed the culture and character of the island unlike any other photographer .
His 168 - page book , published 30 years ago , is considered his magnum opus and showcases a region that while steeped in religion and tradition still gently opens itself to modernity .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages
Many times you do n't see things , and you go for days without a good picture .
That 's not the fault of the world — that 's a matter of your receptiveness .
Ferdinando Scianna
Conservatives ' Emery Extradition Shocks the Conscience of the Nation
Canada ’s Justice Minister , Conservative MP Rob Nicholson ( member for the riding of Niagara Falls ) today decided to surrender Canadian citizen Marc Emery for extradition to the United States .
Arrested on Canadian soil in 2005 , and on bail since then , Emery is wanted by America for having sold cannabis seeds to Americans and others around the world via Canada post between 1998 and 2005 .
Although selling cannabis seeds is technically illegal in Canada , Canadian authorities have rarely ever charged any of the numerous seed sellers doing business in Canada , in broad daylight .
And the few that have been charged – including Emery – have received only small fines ( in the $ 200 range ) or community service as a sentence .
Nicholson ’s surrender of Emery was unconditional , and – though he was authorized by Canada ’s Extradition
Act to seek assurances that Emery would not be prosecuted except for the less serious offenses to which he has already agreed to plead guilty – Nicholson shockingly chose not to do so .
In his written reasons , Nicholson made the following conclusions :
I have decided to order Mr. Emery ’s unconditional surrender to the United States on the American offences for which his extradition was sought .
The key word in that quotation is “ unconditional ” .
The second of three steps in an extradition from Canada is the obtaining of a “ committal order ” from a judge .
Emery is facing three U.S. charges , two of which include 10 year mandatory minimum sentences .
In September of 2009 , Emery and US prosecutors agreed to a plea deal : if surrendered by Canada ’s Justice Minister , Emery would plead guilty to the one charge having no mandatory minimum , and both sides would seek from the sentencing judge only a 5 year term of imprisonment .
In his submissions to the Justice Minister dated January 4 , 2010 , Emery ’s lawyer asked , in part , that the Justice Minister exercise his authority under subsection 40 ( 3 ) of the Extradition Act to make Emery ’s surrender conditional upon the USA first assuring the Minister that Emery would be prosecuted only of the offence to which he agreed to plead guilty .
Nicholson flatly refused to even bother seeking such an assurance .
He thereby implied , essentially , that Canada has no objection if the U.S. wants to prosecute Emery for all three offenses and lock him up for the rest of his life : Emery is 51 years of age , such that 20 + years in prison would probably amount to a life sentence without parole .
Nicholson went on to say :
As Minister of Justice acting under section 40 of the [ Extradition ]
Act , my role in the extradition process is essentially political in nature …
The Extradition Act does not require the Justice Minister to extradite anyone .
Its language is permissive , not imperative .
Murderers , pedophiles , you - name - it : nothing in Canada ’s Extradition Act requires Canada ’s Justice Minister to surrender a person for extradition .
As Nicholson said , his role is “ essentially political ” : he is free to deny the surrender of a person and to base such a decision upon political considerations .
However , the Extradition Act does prevent the Justice Minister from deciding to surrender a person where the person is being prosecuted for his political beliefs / conduct , or where such beliefs / conduct are such that he would face prejudice in the country seeking the person ’s extradition .
Nicholson knows , or ought to know , that all of Emery ’s seed selling efforts were a political campaign , the proceeds from which notoriously were spent on anti-prohibition campaigns by mainstream politicians and political parties , cannabis legalization groups , U.S. cannabis legalization ballot initiatives , and court cases in which marijuana legislation was challenged .
A full - length documentary – “ The Principle of Pot ” – was released this year , and media releases provided the Justice Minister and all of Canada ’s 308 MPs with links to the documentary , which is still available for free on youtube ( you can watch all of it , Part 1 and Part 2 , on Paul McKeever ’ youtube channel ) .
In short : Nicholson knew , or ought to have known before making his decision on Emery ’s surrender , that Emery ’s political beliefs and conduct are the actual target of U.S. ( and , arguably , Canadian ) authorities , and that Emery will – at the very least – face extreme prejudice in the USA because of his political beliefs and political campaigns .
As the person who researched and produced the aforementioned documentary , I am left with the distinct impression that Nicholson either disregarded the history , or disregarded the Extradition Act ‘s prohibitions .
Nicholson continues :
In my view , it is appropriate in the circumstances of this case to yield to the superior interest of the United States in prosecuting this matter .
Given his “ essentially political ” role , the fact that the Justice Minister considers the United States to have a “ superior interest ” in prosecuting Marc Emery is essentially a political statement , not a legal one .
Two things need to be said about the Minister ’s statement in that regard .
Canada not only knew Emery to be selling seeds , but gladly received the tax revenues voluntarily paid by Emery , who openly declared himself to be a cannabis seed seller in his tax returns .
Canada demonstrably has had no interest in prosecuting Emery in Canada .
With a majority of Canadians being in favour of outright legalization of cannabis , and with sentencing precedents of mere fines or community service for seed selling in Canada , Canadian authorities have seen no point in prosecuting Emery in Canada .
That is not to imply that Canadian authorities do not want Emery prosecuted .
The Vancouver Police Department sought Emery ’s prosecution in 2003 , but Canadian prosecutors refused to prosecute Emery , presumably because cannabis seed selling is such a minor and rarely - prosecuted offense in Canada .
Thereafter , Vancouver police shared their investigation with US authorities , knowing full well that US prosecutors would have every incentive and ability to lock Emery up for the rest of his life or , worse , to sentence him to death .
In the USA , the death penalty is available for individuals convicted of the crimes with which Emery is charged , due to the sheer quantity of seeds sold by Emery .
Given that the Justice Minster refused to restrict the surrender to just the relatively minor charge , it shocks the conscience that Conservative Justice Minister Rob Nicholson surrendered Emery unconditionally without seeking any assurances that a death penalty would not be imposed .
To this author , it looks more like the Conservative government of Canada is the one having the “ superior interest ” in having Emery prosecuted in the USA .
Given the dark and smelly history of the investigation into Emery ’s seed campaign – an investigation commenced 8 years after Vancouver police knew of Emery ’s seed selling , and only after Emery humiliated Vancouver police and visiting US Drug Czar John Walters , in 2002 ( readers can see the details of how this all went down in the “ The Principle of Pot ” documentary ) – the following part of the Justice Minister ’s statement is something that , in my view , could be made only negligently or with insincerity :
While a Canadian prosecution was possible based on these allegations , I accept that the Canadian authorities have yielded in good faith to the interests of the American authorities in prosecuting this matter .
In the circumstances of this case , I see nothing improper in this regard .
Neither conclusion is merited in this case … I conclude that my refusal to seek assurances would not make Mr. Emery ’s surrender to the United States to face the outstanding charges “ shocking to the conscience ” .
( emphasis added )
“ Shocking to the conscience ” is a legal phrase that relates to a situation in which the country seeking a person ’s extradition would subject the person to procedures or penalties that would breach the principles of fundamental justice enshrined in s. 7 of Canada ’s Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Essentially , Nicholson is implying that , in his opinion , it does not “ shock the conscience ” to see a Canadian citizen locked up potentially for the rest of his life – or sentenced to death – for an offence for which a Canadian would face only a small fine or community service were he charged and convicted in Canada .
In my view , Nicholson ’s opinion itself shocks the conscience of any person on this globe who deserves to be regarded a Canadian .
Nicholson ’s view about what is a just penalty for Emery is not merely at odds with the Canadian understanding of fundamental justice , but is obscenely blood - thirsty , mean - spirited , and malicious .
In his “ essentially political ” role , Nicholson concludes that :
… Mr. Emery ’s unconditional surrender to the United States on the offences for which his extradition was sought would not be unjust or oppressive under all of the circumstances .
Consider that the fine for littering is , in many Canadian towns , higher than the fine Emery would be likely to face were he charged and convicted , in Canada , for selling Cannabis seeds .
It burdens the mind to figure out just what would be unjust or oppressive , in Rob Nicholson ’s view , if he figures it right to sentence a Canadian to life imprisonment or death for an offense regarded , in Canada , as less offensive then failing put ones coffee cup in a garbage pail .
In my view , there is no more accurate moral assessment of Rob Nicholson ’s decision than that Rob Nicholson committed a disturbingly evil act today , arguably for no better reason than to keep a few of the Conservative Party ’s radical , hard - core , wanna - be Americans happy .
The blood is on his hands , and on that of Stephen Harper ’s Conservative Party , which clearly gave Nicholson tacit permission , if not an order , to surrender Emery .
The Conservatives had better hope that Liberal Party leader Michael Ignatieff and NDP leader Jack Layton remain incompetent in the lead - up to the next election because , if either of them gains the courage , masculinity and spirit of Pierre Trudeau and stands up for Canadian sovereignty , for moral goodness , and for Canada as we knew it prior to today , the Conservatives will be sent packing in the next federal election … packing , with a one - way ticket to the USA , gladly paid for by the Canadian voter .
Runic , the folks behind Diablo - like dungeon - crawler Torchlight – which we talked about favourably when it arrived – have done rather well for themselves .
It seems that Torchlight shifted 500k copies , and set Runic up to sell a large stake of themselves to Chinese MMO - imperialists Perfect World ( for $ 8.4 m , which would buy a lot of Peggles . )
All of which bodes well for the previously mooted Torchlight MMO , which Runic talked about back in 2009 .
It must seems like Flagship was just a bad dream … ( Via Le Shack . )
Two Miami University of Oxford , Ohio , students were assaulted at an LGBTQ student group event Friday night after hate slurs were shouted at them .
Ben Collins , a Miami University junior , and his boyfriend attended a charity drag show hosted by SPECTRUM at Stadium Bar and Grille near campus .
Collins entered the restroom , and a group of men were inside making threatening and derogatory statements toward LGBTQ people , including , “ Faggots do not belong in society . ”
“ Tensions escalated , I go to use the restroom , I get pushed , a fight breaks out in the restroom and it kinda filters outside , more people get involved , ” Collings told WCPO .
According to SPECTRUM co-presidents Mat Hall and David Morgan , the scene quickly escalated from hate speech to violence :
Eventually , a fight ensued and more people became involved as it spilled out into the street .
The instigators eventually left the scene , while the victimized students followed them to make sure the police would find the perpetrators .
The instigators gathered with some friends and turned back on the victims , who were then quite outnumbered .
The victims tried to defend themselves the best they could .
Police eventually arrived and the perpetrators fled .
A few students ended up in the hospital as a result of their injuries .
Collings suffered multiple injuries including a broken cheek bone and nose , as well as two black eyes .
Many of Miami ’s students , including Collings , are calling this incident a hate crime under the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act .
This legislation expands upon the 1969 United States Federal Hate Crimes Law to include crimes motivated by a victim ’s actual or perceived gender , sexual orientation , gender identity or disability .
Currently , this case is not being investigated as a hate crime and police maintain that Collings instigated the attack .
UPDATE : SPECTRUM has planned a response to the assaults , by way of a rally , march and town hall meeting regarding next steps to fighting all forms of hate at Miami University .
For more information , see the group ’s Facebook event .
Advertisements
On Fox News tonight , Bill O’Reilly took up Sarah Palin ’s latest conspiracy theory that Obama is more worried about campaign cash then cleaning up BP ’s mess .
Not surprisingly , O’Reilly disagreed with Palin , and said , “ Oil companies give big time money to both parties … John McCain got a lot of money from oil companies .
Sarah Palin gets money from oil companies . ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
O’Reilly disagreed with Palin ’s claims and said , “ Talking Points does not believe that President Obama cares about BP ’s campaign cash .
He ’s got lots of money . ”
After defending Republicans against the media , Bill O’Reilly compared the oil spill to Katrina and concluded , “ It ’s almost the same thing here with the oil spill .
The feds were slow in reacting , but the outcome tragically would n’t have changed .
The no spin truth , nobody knows how to stop the damn oil . ”
O’Reilly then brought in Brit Hume who agreed with Palin on the media ’s double standard but disagreed with Palin ’s claims about campaign cash .
Hume then brought up a good point , “ I think the president ’s motivated by two things .
One , of which you mentioned , he does n’t know what to do .
British Petroleum says they do more of this deep water drilling it says than any other company around the world .
They are probably better positioned and have better equipment to deal with it .
They ’re legally responsible for dealing with it . ”
Bill - O later said , “ We ’ve been looking around for anybody in the U.S. government , Army Corps of Engineers , geological people that say hey look you should try this , nobody has put forth that .
They have pretty much tried everything and nothing ’s working . ”
He then put the knife in Palin a little deeper , “ Let ’s go on the record here .
Oil companies give money to both parties , big time money to both parties .
I mean we could break it down , but John McCain got a lot of money from oil companies .
Sarah Palin gets money from oil companies .
She ’s a drill person , so that I do n’t think is fair and you agree with me on that . ”
Let ’s compare O’Reilly ’s discussion , partisan spin and all , to Keith Olbermann ’s call for the Navy to be deployed to clean up the oil :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Olbermann and Howard Fineman ’s point was that the White House does n’t get it .
Olbermann asked , “ Are there no Marine geologists available in the country ?
Is the Navy on vacation this month ? ”
As Brit Hume correctly pointed out on O’Reilly ’s show , legally this is BP ’s mess , not Obama ’s , and O’Reilly ’s people actually attempted to talk to the government .
Apparently this was too much work for the Countdown team .
Once again , Keith Olbermann shows that he can be just as ignorant and brain dead as Sarah Palin .
We all know Olbermann panders to the crowd on the Left that consider themselves intelligent when they bash Obama and deliver GOP talking points , but Olbermann and Fineman did a better job of giving the GOP argument than Fox News did .
One of the worst kept secrets in all the media is Bill O’Reilly ’s distaste for Sarah Palin .
When discussing Bill - O and women , you must keep in mind that he is a misogynist , but beyond that , O’Reilly is a mainstream Republican who does n’t care for Palin ’s type of politics .
One has to wonder if Bill - O ’s staff really needed to bring up the oppo research on Palin ’s oil money to make their case .
There is a reason why most of Palin ’s FNC appearances are on Hannity and Greta .
As we have seen tonight , O’Reilly does n’t care for her , and will take a shot at her every chance he gets .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Several years ago , the leaders of a county in China 's Inner Mongolia decided to build a brand new town , hoping it would spur economic development .
The multi-million dollar project started , but the county of Qingshuihe ran out of money before it was finished .
The new town now stands deserted .
Michael Bristow visited the half - built ghost town to take a look around .
Just learned about spokeo.com – a directory website that had three separate listings for me with information I ’d rather keep private ( e.g. age , marital status , kids , homeowner , estimate credit , etc. ) .
Search for yourself and you ’ll see what sites like Facebook and Myspace have doing with your information .
Do yourself a favor and remove your name from their listings by clicking on their privacy link at the bottom of the page .
You ’ll have to cut and paste the address of each instance your name appears in their directory to remove them .
I had to use another e-mail address to get my last request fulfilled .
No wonder my cell - phone has been getting more stupid telemarketer calls lately .
On a side note , here ’s the timeline of Facebook ’s eroding privacy .
If you have n’t already yet , uncheck the box on this page to stop them from getting every bit of info they can resell to others .
You ’ve been warned .
40.436137 -111.904849
Imagine you owned a Major League Baseball team ; well call it the Mets .
Your star player ( “ David Wright ” ) is , inexplicably , striking out a lot , and your team is having a bad year .
What message do you expect the sports media to hook into and spread ?
In the Mets ’ case , the media has hooked onto a meme .
“ David Wright is striking out a ton , and it ’s hurting the team . ”
But it ’s not true .
Yes , he ’s striking out a lot — but he ’s also outperforming the rest of his team .
He ’s second on the team in home runs , leading in runs batted in , gets on base more often than anyone else , and even is second ( by one ) in stolen bases .
He is on pace for a “ 30/30 ” season — thirty homers , thirty stolen bases — and 100 + runs batted in .
Yes , he ’s striking out a lot more than in years past , but he ’s having a good , if not great year .
He ’s an asset , not a liability .
The Mets should combat this , just like any organization should if an asset is being treated like a liability by the press .
While the example above is sports related , the solution can apply to anyone in the public sphere .
The Three Ds of Meme Management
1 ) Develop your own soundbite .
The term “ soundbite ” may come off as negative , but it ’s descriptive here .
You need to find a message and boil it down into a sentence or two .
I did that above .
The message has to be short and to the point .
The more you say , the more things there are for the chattering class to analyze , refute , and often ( and unintentionally ) distort .
Be clear and succinct .*
Stay on message .
You want to tee up your idea and hope that it spreads , winning the day ; or at least , is something you can keep reiterating across various media channels .
* And , it should go without saying : Choose your words carefully to make sure you do n’t sound stupid .
Last night , when the Mets removed their starting pitcher from the game after five pitches , the pitcher claimed that he was not injured and was appalled by the decision to remove him .
The pitching coach ’s response : that the pitcher is a “ habitual liar ” when it comes to his playing condition .
Big mistake .
2 ) Distribute the message yourself .
You cannot control your message , no matter how hard you try .
But that does n’t mean you should n’t try .
But the definition of “ trying ” has changed from the press conferences , interviews , and press releases rubric of years past .
It ’s not enough to sit around , crafting the message and choosing which media outlets you ’ll speak with .
Nearly any organization can distribute the message themselves .
Have key stakeholders ( the general manager ?
the owner ?
even a PR representative or spokesperson ) start a blog .
Create an organizational Facebook page .
Use Twitter accounts , etc .
None of this is groundbreaking advice , so it is rather absurd that organizations have not yet caught on .
Again , take the Mets for example .
To the extent they use any of these tools — and it is minimal — it ’s for marketing purposes only .
3 ) Defend your message .
Once others hear , repeat , rehash , and discuss your take on the goings - on , some will criticize it .
You need to be ready to defend it .
That means engaging the critics on their turf , as the Mets and other sports teams often ( and sometimes poorly ) do take the media to task , head on .
But rarely do you see a team do this .
Instead , they hold press conferences , go on radio shows , issue statements , etc .
They do n’t ever engage the fan directly via media properties they control .
Perhaps the most valuable aspect of Twitter , Facebook pages , and blogs is that you can receive — and reply to — feedback right then and there .
And the replies are public , so even if you do n’t convince the skeptic , you may convince someone else listening or watching the argument .
Overlooking this value , in the current “ social media ” climate , is fatal .
* * *
Applying the three Ds is not difficult .
It simply requires time and consistent effort .
One such example occurred last week , when Fox News ran an article claiming that Wikipedia founder ( and my former boss ) , Jimmy Wales , was stripped of editorial rights due to an unrelated scandal .
He took to Twitter ( and to TechCrunch , a third party blog ) to set the record straight and defend himself :
The defense consisted of pointed replies to those who reacted skeptically :
Effective ?
You bet .
The passion plus the time investment means that he ’s taking it seriously ; that this is important ; and that the current media - driven meme is incorrect .
It ’s believable and simulteaneouly remarkable .
It ’s the approach everyone should be taking in managing the media sentiment of their organization .
Do n’t follow the sports teams ’ model .
Overview ( 4 )
Born April 15 , 1959 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA Birth Name Thomas Francis Wilson Jr. Nickname Tom Height 6 ' 2 ½ " ( 1.89 m )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Tom Wilson is a creative artist whose professional career has explored almost every imaginable artistic discipline , blending them into a unique and very individual declaration of a life in the arts .
A man of fervent but private faith his whole life , the last few years have been interesting , with hundreds of invitations to speak at conferences and retreats , as well as the opportunity to record the music that he began playing in church in the 1970s .
Tom has enjoyed a successful career as an actor , writer and comedian for over 20 years .
He has more than 50 films , television shows and comedy specials to his credit , and has appeared on talk shows with everyone from Johnny Carson to Jay Leno to David Letterman to Regis Philbin and Kathie Lee Gifford .
As a voice - over actor , he has worked in dozens of animated series , including many episodes of Nickelodeon 's SpongeBob Schwammkopf ( 1999 ) .
As a comedian he has been a regular performer at the world - famous Improv and Comedy Store since the day he arrived in Hollywood .
His self - written one - man show , " Cowboy Tommy , " boasted a series of sold - out engagements .
He continues to act in movies and television , and he performs comedy and music at theaters across America .
As a writer and producer , he 's written for several prestigious literary magazines , as well as for Universal Studios , Disney , Fox and Film Roman studios , and produced a groundbreaking series of debates for Canadian television called " The Seven Deadly Sins " , which examined cultural values and the role of the arts within them .
As an avocation , he is a photographer and painter , with a photograph in the permanent collection of the California Museum of Photography and paintings on the walls of the guest bedrooms of many close personal friends ( or , as artists like to say , " in many private collections . " )
Actor , comedian , writer , musician , and artist - Tom Wilson has transcended the limitations of pop-cultural celebrity to become an artist of honesty , gravity and grace .
Thomas is a graduate of Radnor high school in the suburbs of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , where he was known for his comedic personality .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : TomWilsonUSA.com
Spouse ( 1 )
Trade Mark ( 1 )
His role as Biff Tannen in the Zurück in die Zukunft ( 1985 ) movies .
Trivia ( 13 )
Has four children : Anna May Wilson , Emily Wilson , Gracie Wilson and Tommy Wilson .
Although he is probably best known for playing bully Biff Tannen in the Zurück in die Zukunft ( 1985 ) trilogy , he is said to be a very nice man in real life who drew upon his own personal experiences of being bullied as a child to create the Biff persona .
Attended and graduated from Radnor High School in Radnor , Pennsylvania ( 1977 ) .
Studied international business at Arizona State University in Tempe , Arizona .
Has appeared in an episode of the comedy series Psych ( 2006 ) entitled " Let 's Get Hairy " and in a movie called Holt Harry raus ! ( 1986 ) .
Often received fanmail meant for Tom Wilson , creator of the Ziggy comic strip .
He was awarded the 1991 Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor as Buford " Mad Dog " Tannen in Zurück in die Zukunft III ( 1990 ) .
He paints many portraits of classic children 's toys .
He was selected to join the California Featured Artists Series at Disneyland ( 2006 ) .
Attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts ( AADA ) in New York City .
Good friends with actor Marc McClure
Personal Quotes ( 4 )
[ on the appeal of Biff in the Zurück in die Zukunft ( 1985 ) movies ]
People love the character because ultimately Biff is a failure .
Biff does n't win in the end , which is why people like him .
He 's this horrible guy throughout the movie , but you can be pretty confident that he 's going to get slugged in the head and be unconscious at the end .
[ on his past decision to not sign Back to the Future memorabilia ]
I 've decided to do what I want to do in life , and follow my own path as an artist , so I 've decided not to participate in any sort of nostalgia in which I 'm marginalized as a popular icon of yesteryear .
I no longer support in any way an insurmountable archetype , and now exclusively pursue the things that interest me .
[ on how Biff was a reflection of bullies who tormented him ]
A thin and sickly kid , I was pushed around and beaten up by bullies throughout my childhood , until I grew bigger than everybody and it stopped , I knew very well how they operate , and specifically the joy they take in scaring people .
I 'd stared them in the face so often that it was n't particularly challenging to do an impression .
[ on how he overcame his biggest bully : himself ]
The interchanges would have - of course , most of them were positive , and most people understand the movie , but there were plenty where the guys would want to put me in a headlock , or push me around a bit , or get into a little tussle with ' that tough guy from Back to the Future , because he's not that tough after all ' .
Well , I 'm not that tough after all , because I 'm an actor : because it 's pretend !
And I think that social media , the greater intimacy , maybe - I mean , part of it is false intimacy , but part of it 's real intimacy ; you can go see things as an actor , that 's why I do the YouTube thing , to present ' this is me as a person ' , that the audience , now , the popular cultural audience , is a more sophisticated audience and a more multi-faceted audience .
Market Anarchists probably have n’t written about the environment as much as we should .
But not because we do n’t have anything to say about it .
When we do address environmental issues specifically , one of the things that I think market Anarchists have really contributed to the discussion are some key points about how ex ante environmental laws , intended to curb pollution and other forms of environmental damage , makes some superficial reforms , but at the expense of creating a legal framework for big polluters to immunize themselves from responsibility for the damage they continue to cause to people ’s health and homes , or to the natural resources that people use from day to day ; [ ] .
And , also , how legislative environmentalism in general tends to crowd out freed - market methods for punishing polluters and rewarding sustainable modes of production .
For a perfect illustration of how legislative environmentalism is actively hurting environmental action , check out this short item in the Dispatches section of this month ’s Atlantic .
The story is about toxic mine runoff in Colorado , and describes how statist anti-pollution laws are stopping small , local environmental groups from actually taking direct , simple steps toward containing the lethal pollution that is constantly running into their communities ’ rivers — and how big national environmental groups are lobbying hard to make sure that the smaller , grassroots environmental groups keep getting blocked by the Feds .
In the surrounding steep valleys , hundreds of defunct silver and gold mines pock the slopes with log - framed portals and piles of waste rock .
When water flows over the exposed , mineral - laden rock in and around the mines , it dissolves zinc , cadmium , lead , and other metals .
The contaminated water , sometimes becoming acidic enough to burn skin , then dumps into nearby streams .
So - called acid mine drainage , most of it from abandoned boom - time relics , pollutes an estimated 12,000 miles of streams throughout the West — about 40 percent of western waterways .
Near Silverton , the problem became bad enough to galvanize landowners , miners , environmentalists , and local officials into a volunteer effort to address the drainage — work that has helped avert a federal Superfund designation and restore a gold - medal trout population downstream .
With a few relatively simple and inexpensive fixes , such as concrete plugs for mine portals and artificial wetlands that absorb mine waste , the Silverton volunteers say they could further reduce the amount of acid mine drainage flowing into local rivers .
In some cases , it would be simple enough just to go up there with a shovel and redirect the water , says William Simon , a former Berkeley ecology professor who has spent much of the past 15 years leading cleanup projects .
But as these volunteers prepare to tackle the main source of the pollution , the mines themselves , they face an unexpected obstacle — the Clean Water Act .
Under federal law , anyone wanting to clean up water flowing from a hard - rock > mine must bring it up to the act ’s stringent water - quality standards and take responsibility for containing the pollution — forever .
Would - be do - gooders become the legal operators of abandoned mines like those near Silverton , and therefore liable for their condition .
— Michelle Nijhuis , The Atlantic ( May 2010 ) : Shafted
Under anything resembling principles of justice , people ought to be held responsible for the damage they cause , not for the problems that remain after they try to repair damage caused by somebody else , now long gone .
But the basic problem with the Clean Water Act , like all statist environmental regulations , is that it is n’t about standards of justice ; it ’s about compliance with regulatory standards , and from the standpoint of an environmental regulator the important thing is ( 1 ) that government has to be able to single out somebody or some group to pigeonhole as the People In Charge of the site ; and ( 2 ) whoever gets tagged as taking charge of the site , therefore , gets put on the hook for meeting the predetermined standards , or for facing the predetermined penalties , no matter what the facts of the particular case and no matter the fact that they did n’t do anything to cause the existing damage . [ ]
The obvious response to this should be to repeal the clause of the Clean Water
Act which creates this insane condition , and leave the people with a stake in the community free to take positive action .
Unfortunately , the best that government legislators can think of is to pass a new law to legalize it –i.e. , to create yet another damn bureaucratic permit , so that shoestring - budget community groups can spend all their time filling out paperwork and reporting back to the EPA instead .
Meanwhile , the State of the Debate being what it is , even this weak , hyperbureaucratic solution is being opposed by the lobbying arms of several national environmental groups :
In mid-October , Senator Mark Udall of Colorado introduced a bill that would allow such “ good Samaritans ” to obtain , under the Clean Water Act , special mine - cleanup permits that would protect them from some liability .
Previous good - Samaritan bills have met opposition from national environmental organizations , including the Sierra Club , the Natural Resources Defense Council , and even the American Bird Conservancy , for whom any weakening of Clean Water Act standards is anathema .
Although Udall ’s bill is narrower in scope than past proposals , some environmental groups still say the abandoned - mine problem should instead be solved with additional regulation of the mining industry and more federal money for cleanup projects .
If you support cleaning up the environment , why would you support cleaning up something halfway ?
asks Natalie Roy , executive director of the Clean Water Network , a coalition of more than 1,250 environmental and other public - interest groups .
It makes no sense .
— Michelle Nijhuis , The Atlantic ( May 2010 ) : Shafted
All of which perfectly illustrates two of the points that I keep trying to make about Anarchy and practicality .
Statists constantly tell us that , nice as airy - fairy Anarchist theory may be , we have to deal with the real world .
But down in the real world , walloping on the tar baby of electoral politics constantly gets big Progressive lobbying groups stuck in ridiculous fights that elevate procedural details and purely symbolic victories above the practical success of the goals the politicking was supposedly for — to hell with clean water in Silverton , Colorado , when there ’s a federal Clean Water
Act to be saved !
And , secondly , how governmental politics systematically destroys any opportunity for progress on the margin — where positive direct action by people in the community could save a river from lethal toxins tomorrow , if government would just get its guns out of their faces , government action takes years to pass , years to implement , and never addresses anything until it ’s just about ready to address everything .
Thus Executive Director Natalie Roy , on behalf of More Than 1,250 Environmental And Other Public - Interest Groups , is explicitly baffled by the notion that the people who live by these rivers might not have time to hold out for the decisive blow in winning some all - or - nothing struggle in the national legislature .
The near - term prospects of Udall ’s half - hearted legalization bill do n’t look good .
The conclusion from the Atlantic is despair :
Just a few miles from Silverton , in an icy valley creased with avalanche chutes , groundwater burbles out of the long - abandoned Red and Bonita gold mine .
Loaded with aluminum , cadmium , and lead , it pours downhill , at 300 gallons a minute , into an alpine stream .
The Silverton volunteers are n’t expecting a federal windfall anytime soon — even Superfund - designated mine sites have waited years for cleanup funding , and Udall ’s bill has been held up in a Senate committee since last fall .
Without a good - Samaritan provision to protect them from liability , they have few choices but to watch the Red and Bonita , and the rest of their local mines , continue to drain .
— Michelle Nijhuis , The Atlantic ( May 2010 ) : Shafted
But I think if you realize that the problem is built in , structurally , to electoral politics , the response does n’t need to be despair .
It can be motivation .
Instead of sitting around watching their rivers die and waiting for Senator Mark Udall Of Colorado to pass a bill to legalize their direct action , what I ’d suggest is that the local environmental groups in Colorado stop caring so much about what ’s legal and what ’s illegal , consider some countereconomic , direct action alternatives to governmental politics , and perform some Guerrilla Public Service .
I mean , look , if there are places where it would be simple enough just to go up there with a shovel and redirect the water , then wait until nightfall , get yourself a shovel and go up there .
Take a flashlight .
And some bolt - cutters , if you need them .
Cement plugs no doubt take more time , but you ’d be surprised what a dedicated crew can accomplish in a few hours , or a few nights running .
If you do it yourself , without identifying yourself and without asking for permission , the EPA does n’t need to know about it and the Clean Water Act ca n’t do anything to punish you for your halfway clean - up .
The Colorado rivers do n’t need political parties , permits , or Public - Interest Groups .
What they need is some good honest outlaws , and some Black - and - Green Market entrepreneurship .
See also :
IRVING , Texas -- Dallas Cowboys owner / general manager Jerry Jones , who has publicly questioned whether Marion Barber would be better returning to a reserve role , indicated Tuesday that he sees no reason for the running back 's role to change .
Jones had previously stated the concern that using Barber as a starter might limit his effectiveness at the end of games .
Jones said in March that the Cowboys were considering making Felix Jones the starter .
However , Jones strongly hinted Tuesday that Barber 's starting job is secure .
" I know this :
He looks quicker , " Jones said at the NFL owners ' meetings .
" I think that is going to make him even more effective .
He 's just in great shape .
He looks as good out here just in these initial practices as I 've seen him look in his career .
You could easily go from there and look at what his role might be , and it'd certainly be on par with anything he 's done . "
Barber became a starter after signing a seven - year , $ 45 million contract before the 2008 season .
The Cowboys drafted Felix Jones and Tashard Choice that year to complement Barber , who earned a Pro Bowl trip as a reserve by rushing for a career - high 975 yards the previous season .
Barber 's productivity has dropped since he became a starter .
He has averaged 4.0 yards per carry and rushed for a total of 14 touchdowns over the last two seasons , when he was nagged by a variety of injuries .
He averaged 4.8 yards per carry and rushed for a total of 24 touchdowns the previous two seasons .
" I think the real question is , should he be finishing rather than beginning ? " Jerry Jones said on KRLD - FM in December .
" In his Pro Bowl year , where he had his best year , [ Barber was ] finishing the game .
If you recall , Julius Jones started the game .
We injected the quickness of his speed there early .
" That would be the issue .
It 's not a question of starting as much as it is , when do you use Barber at his best ?
There are a lot of people , prominent people who know Barber well , who feel like he would be better served used to finish the game than really used a lot at the start . "
Felix Jones , the Cowboys ' first - round pick in 2008 , has been a dynamic playmaker with durability issues during his first two NFL seasons .
Jones averaged 6.5 yards per carry but missed 12 games due to hamstring , toe and knee injuries .
He provided the Cowboys evidence down the stretch of the 2009 season that he can handle a heavier workload .
He had double - digit carries in the final six games , including the postseason .
That run was highlighted by his 16 - carry , 148 - yard , one - touchdown performance in the playoff win over the Philadelphia Eagles .
The Cowboys relied on Jones because Barber was dealing with quadriceps , thumb and knee injuries .
Barber still got the biggest share of the carries over the course of the season despite having the worst average among the team 's running backs .
He led the Cowboys with 932 yards on 214 carries .
Jones rushed for 685 yards on 116 carries , and Choice rushed for 349 yards on 64 carries .
" We 're in really good shape there , " Jerry Jones said .
" We 've just got to plan on before it 's over using three backs .
I think it will bear out that way . "
Tim MacMahon covers the Cowboys for ESPNDallas.com
You can follow him on Twitter or leave a question for his weekly mailbag .
Of late U.S. public opinion has turned very chilly for the vast majority of the world 's climate scientists whose data demonstrates that human - generated emissions are heating the globe with potentially catastrophic results .
Thanks to a confluence of events , some significant and others bogus , polls show Americans are increasingly confused about the reality of global warming .
After the election of President Barack Obama , the expectation was that the U.S. government would end the foot dragging of the George W. Bush administration and aggressively move to reduce heat - trapping greenhouse gas emissions .
While the Environmental Protection Agency did classify carbon dioxide as a pollutant and the House of Representatives passed an ambitious energy bill with cap - and - trade measures to reduce emissions , the bipartisan version in the Senate sponsored by John Kerry , D- Mass , Lindsey Graham , R - S.C. , and Joe Lieberman , I - Conn . , faces tough sledding .
The Copenhagen climate summit that was supposed to design a global climate treaty to succeed Kyoto instead produced little more than platitudes about future action .
The worldwide economic recession made the costs of combating global warming less acceptable to both industrialized nations and their developing counterparts .
In the midst of that gloomy outlook came a pair of highly publicized incidents that were used to cast doubt on the validity of climate change theory .
First , hackers raided the computer system at the climate research unit of Britain 's East Anglia University and published thousands of scientists ' private e-mails .
Global warming skeptics portrayed the communications as proof that devious researchers were cooking data to support a global warming hoax .
That charge was decisively rejected by a British government commission that examined the e-mails .
Although it faulted the scientists for petty and sometimes vindictive comments about their detractors , the commission found no grounds to challenge the scientific consensus that global warming is happening and is caused by human activity .
In a second flap , global warming disbelievers seized on a single misstated claim in a 900 - page report by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change that Himalayan glaciers will melt by the year 2035 as proof the massive body of science authenticating global warming was suspect .
Although the evidence of retreating glaciers around the world is incontrovertible , a single error on a timeline was used to cast doubt on the U.N. panel 's work .
is cooling rather than heating up .
Brushed aside was the fact that globally 2009 was the second warmest ever recorded , and the past decade was the warmest ever measured by man .
An analysis compiled by scientists at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies projects that this year may be the hottest yet .
As writer Elizabeth Kolbert points out in the current issue of the New Yorker , “ The message from scientists at this point could n't be clearer : the world 's emissions trajectory is extremely dangerous .
Goofball weathermen , Climategate , conspiracy theories — these are all a distraction from what 's really happening . ”
For those of us living in hurricane - vulnerable areas , keep in mind this ominous measurement :
Sea surface temperatures in the Atlantic main development area for tropical storms last month were the warmest ever recorded for March , already reaching levels typical of late June .
The conjunction of several climate patterns combined with ongoing overall warming of the world 's oceans is thought to be the cause .
Despite all the spinning and hot air , the science is solid and global warming is a real , deadly serious concern .
It 's time to deal with it .
Salazar tells NBC Birnbaum resigned
MSNBC reports ,
The head of the troubled agency that oversees offshore drilling resigned under pressure Thursday , Democratic sources said , as President Barack Obama moved more aggressively to take charge of the Gulf oil spill .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar confirmed to NBC
News that the head of Minerals Management Service resigned , despite earlier reports she was fired . ….
Birnbaum was pushed out after she and her agency came under withering criticism from lawmakers of both parties over lax oversight of drilling and cozy ties with industry .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama Administration has fired the head of the agency that oversees oil drilling and the collecting of oil royalties , AP reported on its live wire feed Thursday morning .
“ AP sources : Elizabeth Birnbaum fired as director of the U.S. Minerals Management Service , ” the brief said .
Birnbaum did n’t attend a press conference organized by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Wednesday .
Salazar announced plans earlier this month to split the Minerals Management Agency into two divisions : one charged with oversight of resource extraction , and another charged with collecting revenues from such extractions .
Critics say that the fact the agency is supposed to both oversee drillers and collect money from them put the division at an inherent conflict of interest when it came to oversight .
According to the Washington Post ’s WhoRunsGov , Birnbaum was expected to take over as head of one of two new agencies .
ADVERTISEMENT
Birnbaum was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2009 .
According to her bio page at the agency ’s website she assumed duties on July 15 , 2009 :
As MMS Director , Birnbaum administers programs that ensure the effective management of renewable energy , such as wind , wave , and ocean current energy ; and traditional energy and mineral resources on the nationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s Outer Continental Shelf , including the environmentally safe exploration , development , and production of oil and natural gas , as well as the collection and distribution of revenues for minerals developed on federal and American Indian lands .
Before her appointment , she was staff director for the Committee on House Administration , where she oversaw strategy development , budget management and staff activities for the committee that manages legislative branch agencies .
From 2001 - 2007 , she was Vice President for Government Affairs and General Counsel for American Rivers , where she directed advocacy programs for the nationÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s leading river conservation organization .
At the Department of the Interior , Birnbaum was Associate Solicitor for Mineral Resources from 2000 to 2001 , supervising and managing a staff of attorneys that provided legal advice , developed regulations and conducted litigation on minerals issues for the Minerals Management Service , Bureau of Land Management , and Office of Surface Mining and Reclamation .
In addition , she was a special assistant to the Interior Solicitor , from 1999 to 2000 , overseeing legal policy on a range of natural resource issues , including mining law , public land management and hydropower licensing .
From 1991 to 1999 she was counsel to the House Committee on Natural Resources , where she handled legislative and oversight activities for the Department of the Interior , U.S. Forest Service , and electric power marketing administrations .
From 1987 to 1991 she was counsel for the Water Resources Program of the National Wildlife Federation .
No other details are yet available .
RAW STORY will have more as this story develops .
ADVERTISEMENT
DEVELOPING …
Unreal Development Kit Updated With Steamworks
Epic notes that " Steam now handles friends , matchmaking and server browsing in the UDK , " the same systems that are used in Valve 's Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead .
Other new features include support for Scaleform 's Flash - based user interfaces , attractive new light shafts and fog , performance improvements , tweaks and fixes .
The full changelog for the May 2010 Unreal Development Kit beta follows below .
Auditor General Sheila Fraser says her office will examine the federal government 's hefty security bill at the upcoming G8 and G20 international summits in Ontario after the events are completed .
Auditor General Sheila Fraser says a review of security spending for next month 's G8 and G20 summits in Ontario should be relatively easy to perform .
The Opposition Liberals called on Fraser to conduct an audit after Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservative government disclosed this week that the estimated cost for security could top $ 933 million .
NDP Leader Jack Layton decried the cost as a " boondoggle " from a government that preaches fiscal restraint , with Liberal MP Mark Holland dubbing the dual summits " the most expensive 72 hours in Canadian history . "
Despite the large figure , Fraser , whose mandate is to prevent waste of public money , told CBC News such an audit would be " typical " for her office .
" We will be doing some work , " Fraser said Friday in an interview from Ottawa .
" We have to determine exactly what .
I would expect we would have looked at this in any case , given the costs involved .
" And we will wait , obviously , until the summits have been held . "
She said she " was and was n't " surprised to hear the security cost estimate , but added preparations for large events that last only for a few days require extensive co-ordination months in advance .
" Obviously , a billion dollars is a lot of money , but I think we have to recognize that security is expensive , " Fraser said .
Parliament watchdog mulling probe
On Thursday , parliamentary budget officer Kevin Page confirmed to the Globe and Mail that his office is debating whether to launch an investigation into security spending for the G8 summit in Muskoka and the subsequent G20 meeting in downtown Toronto .
Page was responding to a request by NDP for him to launch a formal probe .
The auditor - general cautioned against saying the costs for the summit have ballooned , because the government 's preliminary disclosure of $ 179 million for summit security spending in the last budget was not an initial estimate of what the full costs would be .
She also said it would be " relatively easy " to sort through the spending after the summits , recalling how her office audited the billions the federal government spent on security in the wake of the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States
" We found that the processes and controls around that were very good , and that the monies were spent as they were intended to be spent , " she said .
Not a 3 - day event
Public Safety Minister Vic
Toews has defended the cost estimate , saying it is due to Canada 's " unprecedented " hosting of dual international events almost simultaneously amid a medium security threat level .
Meanwhile , Ward Elcock , the man the government hired to co-ordinate security at the summits , told CBC News on Friday that he did n't buy previous summit security cost estimates .
He suggested other summit host nations were not as transparent as Canada over the final price tag .
" I doubt very much whether those numbers are an accurate reflection of the all - in costs for any of those meetings , " Elcock said in an interview with the CBC's Evan Solomon .
Elcock , a former director of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service who also served as deputy defence minister , said he did n't believe other governments were misleading their citizens , but that some countries do not publish amounts spent on intelligence services at such events .
Canada , he noted , was among the first host countries to give an all - in cost for security at the Vancouver Olympics , including funds spent on CSIS , Canada 's spy agency .
While critics have questioned the government 's decision to relocate the G20 summit from the rural site of Huntsville to downtown Toronto , Elcock said most G20 summits have to be held in urban areas , because cities are the only environments that can accommodate the large number of dignitaries , as well as thousands of journalists from around the world .
Elcock also dismissed claims the summits were three - day events , saying security forces " do n't arrive the day before and leave the day after " like reporters .
" In many cases , they will be there for weeks .
In some cases , for much longer than weeks . "
There is a certain kind of character often found in genre B movies and she is the ass kicking , large chested , confident woman .
The most iconic example of this is probably Tura Satana ’s character , Varla , in Russ Meyer ’s Faster , Pussycat !
Kill !
Kill !
Female characters like Varla may appear on the surface to be little more than titillation for a predominantly male audience in films that are generally grouped under the banner of ‘ exploitation ’ but the sexual politics at play and the underlying subtexts are more complex than this simplistic assessment .
One only needs take a dip in the vast ocean of femminist and post - femminist critiques of these films and their characters to realise that they have a lot more to offer than mere titillation .
Following in this , I would say , grand tradition comes Bitch Slap , directed by Rick Jacobson .
Although the film does not perhaps reach the heights of classic exploitation such as Faster , Pussycat ! , I Spit On Your Grave and They Call Her One Eye , it at least aspires to follow in these film ’s footsteps and present women not as weak secondary characters but as strong and independent leads .
Gender politics have moved on though and I would argue that strong female characters of this ilk are not as uncommon as they were in the 60s or 70s and therefore do not need to be so overstated .
Also the reliance on constantly sexualising the leads ( despite the appropriation of this by the characters for their own needs ) further problematises their positive characteristics .
It is not so much of a surprise to have a dominant and confident female character in modern cinema as it was in the 60s and female characters can achieve this without the use of their sexuality .
This is really only a minor criticism but it also is an important point to make , as without an understanding of the history the film taps into , Bitch Slap might just appear sexist and crude and nothing more .
The film does have a lot of fun with the sexual politics that it is referencing , including the use of a ridiculously oversized gun ( pictured above ) which has some pretty blatant psycho-analytical symbolism .
Bitch Slap is a film in which the makers are entirely aware of what they are doing and they do it with bombastic flare and obvious delight .
At one point Hel is even seen reading a book entitled ‘ Slutty Bitches in Post Feminist America ’ .
The film is called Bitch Slap … everyone is aware of the film they are making .
Luckily this self awareness never slips too far into awkward winks at the camera even though some sequences are obvious ‘ fan - service ’ .
The film is more about recapturing a moment in film rather than just shamelessly sending it up .
The film stars a trio of beautiful female leads , Julia Voth ( Trixie ) , Erin Cummings ( Hel ) and America Olivio ( Camero ) who all fit the mould described above but each have unique roles to play .
Hel is the brains , the intelligent one who leads the group and the mastermind behind the plan to steal $ 200 million .
Camero is the muscle and Trixie is the pretty and sweet , but a little dumb , stripper who finds out the location of the treasure .
The Location is a deserted trailer in the middle of the desert where the three spend the bulk of the film .
As the three search for the treasure , bicker and deal with unwanted guests we are treated to a multitude of flashbacks from various different time periods , including one that states ‘ 3 hours ago ’ followed by one that states ‘ 3 hours and 4 minutes ago ’ .
It is in these flashbacks where things get increasingly ludicrous .
There are laughably bad CG backdrops , totally implausible settings and a convoluted and a ridiculous plot that all comes to a head in the ‘ present day ’ scenes .
The problem with critiquing these hokey elements is that the bad dialogue , poor plotting , over - the - top acting and terrible effects are not a mistake , the cast and crew did n’t fail in these areas , they succeeded in what they were attempting to do and it is all incredibly effective .
The cast and crew , as mentioned above , are aware of the genre they are working within and the films that they are paying homage to .
In doing so it is perhaps necessary to include those elements that are not necessarily good qualities in the original films but elements that fans expect .
Does this excuse the elements that would otherwise make for a terrible film ?
Perhaps , but even if it does n’t those elements are a lot of fun to watch .
Bitch Slap is hell of a lot of fun from start to finish with insanely ludicrous action scenes , stupefying dramatic scenes and a lot of slow motion sequences that focus on women in little clothing .
The subject matter is morally questionable ( as is the aforementioned slo - mo ) but the film never actually strays into any particularly shocking areas and overall the film is quite light hearted .
If you ’re a fan of classic exploitation cinema or the title and marketing in any way appeals to you then you will most likely find something to like in Bitch Slap .
I had a great time watching it and felt the only let down really was the soundtrack which seemed to be filled with pop metal tracks that over - dominated the action scenes and were not to my taste .
I was lucky enough to attend the UK premiere of Bitch Slap , held at the Prince Charles Cinema in London where they put on a whole day of films to celebrate .
This really helped put the film in context and I can highly recommend double - billing Bitch Slap with a film such as Faster , Pussycat ! to add to the fun .
You can see the wonderful poster for the event below .
Bitch Slap is released on DVD in the UK on the 19th of April and embedded below is the red band trailer for film .
( A man comes up to me with a huge bag . )
Customer : “ Can I ask an odd question ? ”
Me : “ Go for it . ”
Customer : “ Would it be okay for me to put my fox costume on and stand in the foyer ? ”
Me : “ Why ? ”
Customer : “ Just for pleasure .
I enjoy doing it and the customers would enjoy seeing it . ”
Me : “ I ’ll just check with my manager . ”
( I phone the manager and repeat the request .
The manager laughs for a few minutes and says no . )
Me : “ I ’m afraid my manager has said it ’s not okay . ”
Customer : * looks down sadly * “ It ’s okay .
They said no everywhere else I asked too . ” * walks away sadly , dragging the bag with his fox costume in *
This story is part of our Weird Customers roundup !
Read the next Weird Customer story !
Read the Weird Customer roundup !
Finally , it ’s now possible to DualBoot Android on iPhone .
Thanks to the work by Linux on the iPhone Project , we are now seeing it running with minor glitches .
The project started more than a year ago and we had seen some non-GUI Linux running on iPhone .
Over the year , the project made progress and here we see something that could change the way people use their iPhones .
Update : Newer Easy Guide to Install Android on iPhone 3G , 2G is now available .
Update 2 : Install Android 2.2 Froyo on iPhone
Update 3 : Install Android 2.2.1 Froyo on iPhone 2G , 3G [ Very Easy ]
How to Install Android on iPhone
Download the Image from one of the choices :
Download via torrent | Download via SourceForge
Important : Currently it works only with iPhone 2g ( original iPhone ) but it should soon become pretty easy to port forward to the iPhone 3G .
Apparently , The iPhone 3GS would take more work .
If you need any assistance , feel free to drop a note @taranfx on twitter
Instructions – iDroid : Android on your iPhone 2g
Step 1 . Jailbreak your iPhone .
Step 2 .
Unzip the files into a location , say desktop .
and replace two files ( android.img.gz and system.img ) in the prebuilt directory using the files from this archive .
However , if your installation fails , ( it failed for me when I tried to install using same image on a different iPhone 2g ) you should create these 2 files using the process outlined here .
[ Why ?
Due to licensing issues , certain files like Multitouch driver , WiFi driver will have to be manually generated ]
Step 3 .
Copy everything from “ prebuilt ” ( i.e. ramdisk.img , system.img , ramdisk.img , userdata.img , cache.img , android.img.gz , and zImage ) into “ / private / var ” on the iPhone using sftp client like Filezilla , or Winscp ( windows ) .
Step 4 . Installing OpeniBoot .
Note :
This step requires you to have a running Linux .
If you happen to be a Windows users , you can use Ubuntu Live CD and boot with it ( or use it in Virtualbox ) .
Also , make sure you have “ libusb ” installed .
If not , get it from Synaptics package manager .
( libusb is installed by default on regular installations , not on LIVE CDs )
Put your iPhone into recovery Mode ( Turn the device completely off and disconnect it from cable / dock .
Hold down the home button .
While holding down the home button connect to a computer with a cable or dock .
Keep holding down the home button until you see a connect - to - iTunes screen .
You are now in recovery mode )
Navigate to the directory where you unzipped the tar.gz file and then to “ utils ” directory .
i.e. “ iDroid > utils ” Copy “ loadibec “ , “ openiboot.img3 ″ and “ oibc ” to your home folder .
( You can know your home directory using command “ cd ~ “ ) and “ openiboot.img3 ” to “ utils ” directoy of the unzipped files Open Terminal and run “ sudo ./loadibec openiboot.img3 “ .
Doing this will show up openiBoot menu on your iPhone .
Press the Lock button to select the openiboot console , then press the Home button .
Run “ sudo ./ oibc “ .
Terminal should now show the same lines of text that ’s displayed on your phone ’s screen .
Type “ install “ .
Once done , type “ reboot ” when you see message “ Refreshed Image List ” ( look at the screenshot below )
The phone would boot back into openiboot .
Select Console with Power button and then hold the Home button for more than two seconds to start booting Android .
Running iPhone OS Again
Reboot your iPhone and openiBoot menu would appear again .
Press the Lock ( Power ) button to highlight the Console option .
Press and hold the Home button for 2 to 3 seconds .
This will boot Android .
If you need any assistance , feel free to drop a note @taranfx on twitter
What ’s next ?
With the project taking shape , soon we would make Android a real alternative a Dual Boot for iPhone users .
And finally freedom from Apple ’s closed system and Real Flash 10.1 on iPhone !
We write latest in Google , Android , iPhone and Tech news , Grab them all via @taranfx on Twitter or subscribe below :
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
America ’s food banks : A nation of " desolate shelves . "
Let ’s help fill them this weekend .
When we started this series , eighteen months ago , the United States was already a year into what would prove to be the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
Back then , it was estimated that 1 in 8 Americans faced hunger at least part of the time .
It is now one in six .
Yes , you read that right .
One in six Americans ( more than 50 million people in this country ) will face hunger this year .
The richest nation in the history of the world includes 17 percent who can't afford food .
And our nation ’s food banks -- which can mean the difference between a meal on the table or nothing to eat -- are struggling to survive .
Just in the past few days , there were news stories about a food bank in Fort Lauderdale , Florida that is weeks away from closing , and about another in Fairfield County , Connecticut where the shelves are bare .
The food bank in Hollister , California provided food to 4,000 families two years ago ; now it is serving 7,000 .
Local food banks are under pressure from the North Shore of Chicago to the Gulf Coast of Louisiana .
As one foodbank volunteer told the Stamford ( Ct. )
Times : " I have been volunteering here for 25 years , and I have never seen the shelves so desolate . . . .
It is like a wasteland . "
Your donation this weekend will help foodbanks across the United States restock those empty shelves .
The purpose of this series is to raise money for Feeding America , an amazing organization that helps those struggling food banks do just that :
Our network of more than 200 food banks serves all 50 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico , securing and distributing more than 2.5 billion pounds of food and grocery products annually .
Those member food banks support approximately 61,000 local charitable agencies and 70,000 programs , which provide food directly to individuals and families in need .
Source ~ Feeding America
As a result of economies of scale and corporate participation , one dollar donated to Feeding America provides $ 14 in groceries to food banks throughout the country .
And , this weekend , thanks to support from the Con - Agra Foods Foundation , a dollar donated can mean even more to a hungry child .
You can never be too rich or too thin .
~ Wallis Warfield , the Duchess of Windsor .
We are all too rich so long as there is a hungry child anywhere in the world .
~
My friend , Marion .
You can help prevent a summer of hunger for 20 million American children .
For nearly 20 million American children , free or reduced - cost breakfasts and lunches provided at school -- and the weekend backpacks of food provided by volunteers -- mean the difference between hunger and having a meal .
But schools are closing for the summer , and the safety net their meals provide is ending .
You can help !
Please consider a donation today to Feeding America ’s Magic Lunchbox program , which provides three meals a day to a hungry child all summer long .
The cost : $ 39 .
Donate to the Magic Lunchbox program here .
If you donate to the Magic Lunchbox program this weekend , the ConAgra Foods Foundation will match your gift , dollar for dollar ( up to a total of $ 250,000 in May ) .
If you ca n’t feed a hundred people , then just feed one .
~ Mother Teresa
_____________________________________________________________
Please read and recommend all the diaries this weekend !
Schedule of posters :
The first essential component of social justice is adequate food for all mankind .
Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world .
~ Norman Borlaug
Thank you .
Piraten auf Höhenflug in NRW Thomas Pany
Nachdem die Forschungsgruppe Wahlen drei Prozent für die Piratenpartei bei der Landtagswahl am nächsten Sonntag projiziert , hofft man jetzt darauf , die Fünf - Prozent - Hürde zu nehmen
Morgen in einer Woche wird in Nordrhein - Westfalen gewählt .
Nichts steht fest , so die Forschungsgruppe Wahlen , die Wählertrends im Auftrag des ZDFs ermittelt .
Keine der üblichen Zweier - Koalitionen würde es nach gegenwärtigen Projektionswerten schaffen .
CDU - FDP nicht und SPD - Grüne auch nicht .
Mehrheitsfähig wären nur verschiedene Dreierbündnisse .
Für kommenden
Woche werden noch einmal forcierte Mobilisierungsanstrengungen der Parteien erwartet - fast vierzig Prozent ( 37 % ) aller Wahlberechtigten zeigten sich den Wahlforschern gegenüber unschlüssig , ob und wen sie wählen wollen .
Während die großen Parteien CDU und SPD laut Trend an vergangenene Erfolge in NRW nicht mehr anschließen können und mit Verlusten zu kämpfen haben , hofft die Piratenpartei darauf , die 5 Prozent - Hürde doch noch zu schaffen : " Jetzt ist alles möglich ! "
Anlass für den Hochflug ist die aktuelle Projektion der Forschungsgruppe Wahlen , die der Piratenpartei gegenwärtig 3 Prozent in Aussicht stellt und die Partei überhaupt zum ersten Mal eigens in der Statistik aufführt , wie von Seiten der PP betont wird :
" Aktuell erhielte die CDU 35 % ( minus 2 im Vergleich zum März ) , die SPD 33,5 % ( plus 0,5 ) , die Grünen 11 % ( minus 1 ) , die FDP käme auf 8,5 % ( plus 0,5 ) , die Linke auf 6 % ( unverändert ) und die sonstigen Parteien zusammen auf 6 % ( plus 2 ) , darunter die Piraten auf 3 % . "
Is Google responsible for giving out bad directions through its Google Maps service ?
We ’re about to find out .
After Googling walking directions for a trip in Park City , Utah , Lauren Rosenberg claims she was led onto a busy highway , where she was struck by a vehicle .
She ’s now suing Google for damages .
The case , Rosenberg v. Harwood , was filed in Utah , in the US District Court ’s Central Division ( Gary Price of Resource Shelf tipped us to it today ) .
Harwood is Patrick Harwood , the person who actually hit Rosenberg , according to the suit .
Both Harwood and Google are being sued in the same case , for damages “ in excess of $ 100,000 . ”
Rosenberg used Google Maps on January 19 , 2009 , via her Blackberry , to get directions between 96 Daly Street , Park City , Utah and 1710 Prospector Avenue , Park City , Utah .
Google provided these , telling her as part of the route to walk for about 1 /2 mile along the calm - sounding “ Deer Valley Drive . ”
That ’s an alternative name for that section of Utah State Route 224 , a highway that lacks sidewalks , the case says .
Rosenberg was n’t warned about this , putting Google directly at fault in the accident , the case claims :
Defendant Google , through its “ Google Maps ” service provided Plaintiff Lauren Rosenberg with walking directions that led her out onto Deer valley Drive , a .k.a.
State Route 224 , a rural highway wit no sidewalks , and a roadway that exhibits motor vehicles traveling at high speeds , that is not reasonably safe for pedestrians .
The Defendant Google expects uses of the walking map site to rely on the accuracy of the walking directions given … .
As a direct and proximate cause of Defendant Google ’s careless , reckless , and negligent providing of unsafe directions , Plaintiff Laren Rosenberg was led onto a dangerous highway , and was thereby stricken by a motor vehicle …
Here ’s the route :
In the screenshot above , you can see that Google quite clearly warns :
Walking directions are in beta .
Use caution – This route may be missing sidewalks or pedestrian paths .
That would seem to negate part of the suit ’s claim — except that Rosenberg used a Blackberry .
The Blackberry version of Google Maps might not have carried this warning .
I do n’t have a Blackberry so ca n’t see myself , but I ’m checking on this .
I know that on the iPhone version , there is no warning .
Certainly it seems embarrassing for Google to be routing people onto busy highways when they explicitly use the “ walking ” directions option .
But then again , Google ’s not alone .
Bing does the same thing in its directions , which also contain a warning ( at least in the web version ) :
Part of the issue seems to be that there ’s no easy - to - find pedestrian path between these two points in Park City .
Looking at the satellite view on Google Maps , there appears to be an alternative dirt path that runs roughly along the same direction .
But I ca n’t tell if this was open to public use or not .
Since it ’s not along a major road , it ’s something that Google Maps probably did n’t pick up .
Instead , Google ’s making its best guess .
That can be laughable to annoying , when it gets things wrong .
Some examples :
But are Google ’s bad guesses also dangerous ?
I suspect a court is going to find that despite getting bad directions from Google ( or a gas station attendant , a local person or any source ) , people are also expected to use common sense .
So when you come to an intersection like this , as Rosenberg would have come to before crossing onto the highway :
You might be expected to consider for yourself whether it is safe to continue .
Or when you ’re walking down the road itself , and it looks like this :
It becomes self - evident there ’s no sidewalk and probably not a good place for pedestrians to walk , regardless of whether you got a warning from Google or not .
Here ’s to Google improving its directions and perhaps using more common sense of its own , understanding whether a street is a busy highway and maybe simply not offering routes when it doubt , rather than guessing .
And here ’s also to common sense about anyone following any directions they ’re given .
Here ’s a copy of the filing , which we ’ve uploaded to Scribd :
Rosenberg v. Harwood ( & Google )
I ’ve also asked Google and the law firm for comment .
The lead lawyer on the case is out until Tuesday , I was told when I call , so I ’ll post any information I get from them from that day onward .
Postscript ( June 1 , 2:45 PM PT ) : Lauren Rosenberg of Santa Monica dropped me an email begging to get the word out that she ’s NOT the Lauren Rosenberg involved in this suit .
Lauren of Santa Monica is getting flooded with press calls , she told me .
Postscript ( June 1 , 4:40 PM PT ) : See our update , Attorney In Google Maps Lawsuit : It Was Dark ; She Thought Google Was Leading Her To Sidewalk .
Closed :
New threads not accepted on this page
Dealing with what he calls " some sort of extortion attempt , " the Bones star comes clean about his infidelity
Bones star David Boreanaz is opening up about reports that he has been unfaithful to his wife of nearly nine years , Jaime Bergman .
“ Our marriage has been tainted with my infidelities , ” the actor admits to PEOPLE .
“ I just want to be open and honest .
I was irresponsible . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
The actor , 40 , is coming forward , he says , because a former mistress , whom he declines to name , contacted an attorney and threatened to contact media outlets .
RELATED : David Boreanaz ’s Wife : I ’m Still Angry
“ I was associated with a woman who I was involved with and had a relationship with , ” he says .
“ She asked for money .
I felt as though I was being blackmailed or there was some sort of extortion . ”
Now , with the news of his infidelities out in the open , Boreanaz is getting down to the difficult task of salvaging his relationship with his wife .
“ We ’re working on our marriage , ” he says .
“ We ’re working on repairing what has been damaged so badly . ”
Gordon Brown has said he is tendering his resignation as Prime Minister and will advise the Queen she should appoint David Cameron as the next premier .
He said he was resigning as leader of the Labour Party immediately and thanked his wife and sons for their support .
His closing words were " thank you and goodbye " .
Robots run amok have occasionally maimed or killed industrial workers , giving German researchers cause to wonder about a future where humans host robots in every home .
In their study , the BBC reports , a robot arm was programmed to strike , stab and puncture using an array of household tools that included a steak knife , kitchen knife , scissors and screwdriver .
Stabs and cuts inflicted on a silicone lump and the leg from a dead pig were deemed potentially lethal .
As we ’ve been noting for a while now , the Religious Right is gearing up to fight the Employment Non-Discrimination
Act and is planning on doing so by , quite literally , using the same false attacks that they tried to use against hate crimes legislation .
Of course , their false claims did n’t work the last time around , but since the Religious Right ca n’t oppose ENDA on its merits , they ’re stuck with using the same fearmongering tactics once again :
Does this seem familiar ?
It should , because it ’s exactly what FRC did in opposing hate crimes :
As I pointed out not too long ago , if anything the Religious Right had said about the dire impact that hate crimes legislation would have on religious freedom had been true , they would pretty much all be in jail now .
But they are n’t … and that is because every claim they made was false .
And now they are making those very same claims about ENDA .
You really have to marvel at the Religious Right ’s strategy in opposing ENDA as they seem intent on using the exact same playbook they used against hate crimes legislation despite the fact that their anti-hate crimes strategy failed and their dire predictions about hate crimes spelling the end of religious liberty have been proven demonstrably false .
Apparently they think it will somehow be more successful the second time around .
It appears Peter McCallion will be able to get the city his mother leads to fully cover his legal bills in a judicial inquiry into a land deal that involved him .
Justice Douglas Cunningham said Monday that a review of Peter McCallion ’s finances , including a private cross-examination of his affidavit by inquiry lawyers , has revealed he does n’t have the cash flow to retain a lawyer .
“ I am persuaded he requires the funding , ” Cunningham said , adding that McCallion is central to the inquiry examining a controversial deal for land near Mississauga City Hall .
McCallion appealed for more funding after Mississauga council voted to pay cap reimbursement for his legal fees at $ 100,000 .
The judge said the matters to be discussed relate to a complicated business relationship involving McCallion ’s reputation and business interests .
He said having unrepresented parties to the inquiry could lead to excessive delays and cost overruns .
Commission lawyer Will McDowell said he hoped city council would approve Cunningham ’s recommendation .
“ I ’m afraid of the inquiry being derailed , ” he told councillors .
McCallion ’s submission to the inquiry states that he earns $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 a year selling houses for De Zen Homes in Mississauga .
Despite being involved in real estate for decades , he said he owns no property and turned over the title of his own house to partially pay off a debt .
He has n’t filed an income tax return for several years and “ is not aware of how much he owes Revenue Canada , ” the document says .
It indicates he owed $ 12,500 in taxes as of 2005 .
McCallion ’s lawyers propose having one lawyer present throughout the inquiry , expected to last 40 days at a maximum of 10 hours per day day .
Two lawyers , charging $ 275 to $ 350 per hour , would assist him while he is testifying .
The firm says it is willing to negotiate a cap on billing .
The inquiry , expected to cost $ 2.5 million , is now expected to go over budget .
It is looking into the conduct of city business in a failed sale agreement for a $ 14.4 million , 3.5 - hectare parcel of land owned by the OMERS pension fund , which involved Peter McCallion and a company called World Class Developments .
Court documents described the participation of Mayor Hazel McCallion — who had declared a conflict of interest , according to council minutes — in at least two private meetings on the deal while the status of the land was before council .
The inquiry is also looking into a decade - old agreement that gave OMERS , a minority shareholder in Enersource , a veto on certain decisions that councillors said they were not aware of when they voted on the deal .
It is not expected to be a major part of the inquiry .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
The Philadelphia 76ers agreed on a four - year deal with TV analyst Doug Collins to become their new coach , a source told ESPN.com 's Chris Sheridan on Thursday .
The 76ers announced Collins ' hiring Friday without releasing details of the contract .
Doug Collins will be the new coach of the 76ers .
AP Photo / Chuck Burton
Team president Ed Stefanski interviewed Collins on May 1 , and he emerged as the leading candidate to replace the fired Eddie Jordan .
The pool of candidates included former Dallas Mavericks coach Avery Johnson and Toronto Raptors coach Sam Mitchell .
Collins is 332-287 in coaching stints with the Chicago Bulls , Detroit Pistons and Washington Wizards .
The 76ers made him the No. 1 overall pick in the 1973 draft , and he played eight seasons with the team .
The 58 - year - old will need time to build a winner in Philadelphia that other coaches have n't been afforded .
Since Larry Brown left in 2003 , four others have failed to coach more than 82 games for the organization .
Jordan , Stefanski's first major coaching hire , flopped in his lone season .
After first - round exits in the playoffs two straight seasons , the Sixers finished 27 - 55 and in the draft lottery .
This could turn out as the most pivotal offseason for the Sixers since they selected Allen Iverson with the No. 1 overall pick in 1996 .
The Sixers moved up from the sixth spot to grab the No. 2 pick in Tuesday 's lottery .
Now they know who will coach whomever they draft .
Collins guided a young Michael Jordan and the Bulls from 1986 - 89 and the Pistons from 1995 - 98 .
He coached Jordan again with the Wizards from 2001 - 03 .
His two seasons with the Wizards were his only two full seasons in which he did not lead his team to the playoffs .
He was fired shortly after Jordan was denied a return to the front office .
Stefanski and other members of Sixers management also interviewed Phoenix Suns assistant coach Dan Majerle , Houston Rockets assistant Elston Turner , Portland Trail Blazers assistant Monty Williams and former Pistons star Bill Laimbeer .
Collins has been with TNT since leaving the Wizards .
He was a four - time All - Star with the Sixers , and he averaged 17.9 points in a career marred by injuries .
A knee injury forced him to retire in 1981 , two years before the 76ers beat the Los Angeles Lakers for the 1983 NBA title .
Collins received the Curt Gowdy Media Award at the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in September for his work as a broadcaster .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Concatenative gives haskell factor style combinators and arrows for postfix notation .
For more information on stack based languages , see http://concatenative.org
Just when we thought we would n’t be hearing anymore of that hellhole - of - a- workplace otherwise known as Foxconn , yet another scandal has erupted .
This time , several security guards at Foxconn ’s Beijing plant have been filmed getting physical with factory workers .
In a clip that has been circulating around on Chinese interwebs , two guards are first seen pulling a Foxconn employee by his shirt and shoving him around .
Meanwhile , three other guards outside have pinned another employee to the ground , and they are joined by another ten or so guards who then jointly beat the living daylights out of that guy .
So far , a grand total of nine employees at Foxconn , the company that manufactures all your iPhones , iPods and iPads , have committed suicide ( two unsuccessfully ) , mostly by jumping off their dormitory .
Foxconn spokespeople have so far denied sweatshop allegations , saying the employees that committed suicide all did so out of various personal reasons .
One Foxconn spokesperson , speaking to Beijing TV , points to the 8,000 queueing outside the plant daily for a job at Foxconn as proof positive that the company is a desirable workplace , not a sweatshop .
UPDATE : Foxconn confirms beatings as yet another employee plunges to his death
Also read : Engadget ’s translation of an investigative report by Southern Weekly into working conditions at Foxconn .
Read more about Foxconn here .
Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
OK , I get that artificial gravity through rotation is an engineering challenge .
But given the laundry list of human ailments caused by microgravity , why is the engineering challenge of spinning up some simulated gravity greater than the pharmaceutical challenge of ginning up denser bones , stronger immune systems , less atrophied muscles , weaker bacteria ..?
Not to mention side effects such ' cures ' would undoubtedly cause .
So , could you explain why the engineering challenge of wheels or booms is greater than the dodgy medical science of magic pills ?
* I would like to point out that I had initially included the ' greater than sign ' but the post saw it as a tag or something and deleted it - humph .
SPIEGEL - Gespräch " Der ganze Staat ist das Hirn "
Der Ameisenforscher Bert Hölldobler über Sklaverei , Völkerwanderungen und kriegerische Schauturniere bei Ameisenkolonien - und die Vorteile einer Sozialstruktur ohne Hierarchien
Updated : King County Superior Court Judge Jim Rogers has ruled that the city must perform an environmental study before a decision can be made to complete the missing link of the Burke Gilman Trail .
Although Judge Rogers ruled in favor of the city on a majority of the issues raised in the suit , he sent the project back to the Seattle Department of Transportation for review because a 5 - block section between 17th Ave NW & NW Vernon was not studied under the State Environmental Policy Act ( SEPA ) .
It ’s unclear how long this study will take .
“ We ’re really disappointed …
It could be years , not to mention the 800 or 900 people who will be injured on the tracks during that time , ” said David Hiller with the Cascade Bicycle Club .
He spoke with MyBallard in the courtroom moments after the judge ’s decision .
Hiller believes Cascade will now push for the permanent route to be built as soon as possible , that the evaluation of alternative routes be dropped , and that the trail go straight up Shilshole .
In July 2009 , a coalition of Ballard industrial businesses , associations and the Ballard Chamber of Commerce filed a lawsuit with the Superior Court challenging the city ’s plans to complete the Burke Gilman trail .
Specifically , the lawsuit questions the city ’s environmental review of the project .
Among the concerns were safety and parking .
Josh Brower , one of the attorneys for plaintiffs , also spoke with MyBallard at the courthouse .
“ Our clients are n’t anti-trail , they ’re not anti-bike .
We want a safe trail that allows people to get through this area without undermining maritime viability . ”
No final decision can be made on the completion of the missing link until the environmental review on the stretch of the trail from 17th Ave NW to NW Vernon has been conducted .
( We updated this story to clarify that the judge ordered an environmental study , not a full Environmental Impact Statement . )
Earlier : Background on the debate surrounding the missing link
[ h/t David at VideoCafe
Lamar McKay on This Week with Jake Tapper is practically a textbook case of public - relations crisis management :
It was n't our rig !
No one could have known !
MCKAY : Well , the investigations are going to show the cause of this accident , and we want those investigations to be done .
My belief that is that that does not have anything to do with it .
I believe we 've got a failed piece of equipment .
We do n't know why it failed yet in this contracted rig , and BOP system will figure that out .
TAPPER : Your company , BP , has a spotty safety record , most horrifically in 2005 , an explosion at a refinery in Texas that killed 15 workers ; other incidents involving leaks have been blamed on cutting corners on financial reasons .
How confident are you that this accident had nothing to do with cutting back on safety to save a buck ?
Even though you were warned about these rigs ten years ago ?
Already I 'm smelling a rat !
But let me just tell you , our focus , our focus right now is dealing with the source of the oil , dealing with it on the surface , and dealing with it on the beach or the marsh if it occurs .
TAPPER : Your initial filing to the government , to the Mineral Management Service for 2009 before you drilled on this spot made this assessment , quote , " An accidental oil spill could cause impact to the beaches .
However , due to the distance to shore , 48 miles , and the response capabilities that would be implemented , no significant adverse impacts are expected .
BP Exploration and Production Incorporated has the capability to respond to the maximum extent practicable to a worst - case discharge , " which you estimated at 300,000 gallons .
It 's less than that , it 's estimated to be 210,000 , and yet BP does not seem to have the capability to respond .
How can the public trust BP 's assessments of risk and how can the public trust anything you guys say ?
MCKAY : Well , I think we are responding very , very aggressively .
As you may know , we had a response planned , filed for the drilling of this well that incorporates various capability around the Gulf Coast .
That spill response plan was activated as soon as this event occurred .
It has been extremely aggressive .
It will continue to be extremely aggressive , and I believe the response -- this is , you know , we must understand , this is -- this is a very low likelihood but very high impact response -- sorry , incident -- and the response is matching that incident .
TAPPER : I just have a couple more questions .
Just a few months ago , a BP executive protested proposed new safety regulations for oil rigs , writing to the government that quote , " while BP is supportive of companies having a system in place to reduce risks , accidents , injuries and spills , we are not supportive of extensive proscriptive regulations . "
Will BP continue to fight and lobby against safety regulations ?
MCKAY : Well , I would characterize the letter you 're talking about slightly differently .
That letter was in response to the government 's request for input on safety regulations that the MMS was looking at .
The rest of the letter actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them .
So we 're not fighting anything about safety .
Safety is the number one priority .
We 're going to figure out what happened here , and that is going to help the MMS and help ourselves and help the industry get safer , so we 're not fighting anything about safety .
TAPPER : All right , last question , Mr. McKay .
You had several fail / safe mechanisms on this rig , and they all failed .
Since you do n't yet know what caused this accident , will you stop all operations until you know ?
How can the American people trust that there wo n't be another explosion at another BP facility ?
MCKAY : Well , we 're working in conjunction with the government on understanding everything we can understand as quickly as we can .
We 're not going to do anything that we think is unsafe .
We 're doing extra tests on various pieces of equipment to make absolutely sure they will work in the condition they 're intended to work in .
We wo n't do any work if we do n't think it can be carried out safely and without impact .
But we are working very closely with the government in trying to understand this and see if there should be any changes quickly .
Pin 0 Shares
A while back the IRS released their 2010 Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits .
It 's a good idea to make sure and watch those limits from year to year to make sure you 're investing the full amount possible .
As was expected in most circles the 2010 Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits will stay the same for the upcoming tax year .
Continues after Advertisement
2010 Roth IRA And Traditional IRA And Contribution Limits
The Traditional and Roth IRA 2010 tax year contribution limits are $ 5,000 for those under the age of 50 .
If you ’re over 50 you can put in a little bit more , you have the option of making catch up contributions to your account , up to the 50 + limit of $ 6,000 .
Note : Remember , you can contribute to both a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA in the same tax year , but you ca n’t go over your limit of $ 5,000 - $ 6000 when the total contributions to the two accounts are added together .
Example :
If you were over 50 and contributed $ 2500 to a Roth IRA , you then be able to contribute only up to $ 3500 to your Traditional IRA .
Here ’s are the Traditional and Roth IRA contribution limits for 2010 and for years past .
Year Age 49 and Below Age 50 and Above 2002 - 2004 $ 3,000 $ 3,500 2005 $ 4,000 $ 4,500 2006 - 2007 $ 4,000 $ 5,000 2008 $ 5,000 $ 6,000 2009 $ 5,000 $ 6,000 2010 $ 5,000 $ 6,000
Traditional And Roth IRA Phase Outs For 2010 Based On AGI
Traditional and Roth IRAs have phase outs if you make a certain amount of money .
Single taxpayers with an annual Modified Adjusted Gross Income ( MAGI ) over $ 105,000 begin to see their contribution limit drop until at $ 120,000 it goes away completely .
The limits for Married Filing Jointly investors are $ 167,000 - $ 176,000 .
IRA Type Single Married Filing Jointly Roth IRA $ 105,000 – $ 120,000 $ 167,000 – $ 177,000 Traditional IRA $ 55,000 – $ 65,000 $ 89,000 – $ 109,000
Contribute To Your Traditional Or Roth IRA Until April 15th
One thing to keep in mind with the IRA accounts is that you can open a new Roth or Traditional IRA right up until tax day on April 15th .
If you do make a contribution in 2011 before tax day , be sure to specify which tax year the contribution is being made for , 2010 or 2011 .
Differences Between Roth IRA And Traditional IRA Accounts
The main difference between Traditional IRA and Roth IRA accounts is when you end up paying your taxes on the money .
Traditional IRA account contributions are made with income before it has been taxed .
Because the money is pre-tax your distributions will be taxed at withdrawal .
Roth IRA contributions are made with income that has already been taxed .
Because of that the money will grow and not be taxed at withdrawal .
For a complete look at choosing between retirement accounts , check out the article we wrote earlier this week : What Type Of Retirement Account Should I Choose ?
Traditional IRA , Roth IRA
And 401k .
Do you currently have a Traditional IRA or Roth IRA ?
Do you have both so that you can tax diversify ?
Are you contributing right up to the limit ?
Pin 0 Shares
When you see a CVS commit message like this :
You really ought to wonder ( and drool ) about the possible goodies waiting for you in the upcoming OpenBSD 4.7 release .
Marc Espie took the time to let us know about some of the changes and enhancements to the package system .
The program that creates " browsable " man pages on www.OpenBSD.org has a small problem with the file / page names of the original perl pod files , so they 're not available in the typical " pretty format " for web browsers .
Your options are to read the pod files without markup on the web , or better , install - current and read them on your own system .
Marc Espie ( espie@ )
The pkg_add changes leading to OpenBSD 4.7 started a little bit before 4.6 came out .
I was playing with changes at that time , but Theo changed the schedule of the 4.6 freeze to accommodate the network hackathon , and I decided to sit on it , as it was not ready at the time .
Back then , pkg_add did handle updates in a very simple way .
An old package , a new package of the same name .
To update the old package , extract the new package , delete the old files , and move the new files to their final location .
I did know it was totally incomplete and did not deal with a lot of weird scenarios .
Adding update capabilities had been done in the OpenBSD way .
First , replace the old pkgtools with the new perl version .
Provide the required annotations so that eventually , we would be able to deal with updates ( mostly shared libs handling ) , then allow for single package replacement , and finally add a pass that would discover how to replace each package .
Enter the notion of UpdateSets .
In many cases , I did know that updating a single package at a time was not enough .
I would have to update several packages at the same time .
For instance , some older kdelibs update would move files from kdelibs to kdebase .
There was no sane way to deal with that without updating both kdelibs and kdebase at the same time .
Up to 4.6 , pkg_add was cheating , by temporarily removing kdebase , updating kdelibs , and putting kdebase back in .
The second problem was exceptional situations .
At times , packages would be renamed , and pkg_add would not be able to find anything without user help .
There was a long term plan for that by having a special package , known as quirks , that could get wedged in in most of pkg_add computation .
This would be a bit more of perl code , with data mixed in .
And this would evolve independently from the main tools .
( having perl code meant I could change its internals as I wanted and make it very compact if need be .
And I could also easily change the API without breaking anything ) .
But in order to do that , I would need to handle quirks up - and - foremost .
Discover there might be a new one , update the old one , and THEN do the rest .
This meant that I had to have incremental updates .
Instead of discovering all updates , and then proceed , I would have to do updates on the fly .
So , there were quite a few changes to do to the overall structure of pkg_add : create updatesets with " old packages " for everything I would want to update , and ask the Update module what should get updated to what in an incremental way .
Eventually , this started working .
And then , things got deeply complicated .
At that point , I started figuring out that updatesets could get more complex , as some packages would need to have several new packages as a replacement , or as files would move , I would have to pull two updatesets together , and figure out an update for both .
I got something nice " for free " : quirks could know about old ports that got folded as part of the base system , and it would automatically remove the old port .
That part was real easy to do .
Enter libfam .
As you might know , libfam is a systems monitoring tool , initially from sgi .
And it recently got superseded by libgamin .
This would be great , except that the name did change , and so it needed a special exception in quirks .
Enter dependencies .
In the normal case , you have a package A that depends on libfam .
If you update libfam to gamin , we used to cheat a bit ( we said " oh , let 's update A as well , but we 'll deal with it later " ) .
With new and shiny updatesets , the idea was to update both .
Oh , old A depends on libfam , so let 's create an updateset that contains both old A and libfam , and we 'll update it to gamin and new A .
Turned out to be ways more fun than anticipated .
Because there were lots of packages that depended on libfam .
And a lot of them did have extra dependencies , and I would end up with endless loops in updatesets .
After a bit of scratching my head , I did solve the looping problem .
I would have to merge things with weird inter-dependencies ... and end up with a jumbo updateset with ~ 50 packages .
Yes , libfam to libgamin was THAT bad .
On a machine fully loaded with gnome and kde , you would have to update 50 packages in one go .
All would be well , except it was unbearably slooow .
Computing things would take several hours on a fast machine .
So back to the drawing board .
By the way , I have to recommend Devel : : NYTProf , it is the best profiler I 've ever used , and it really helped in there .
Turns out my code was spending a huge amount of time recomputing inter-dependencies .
So , I had to revamp the i dependency solver , and the pkgspec handler .
( Ed : see the man pages for OpenBSD :: RequiredBy and OpenBSD : : PkgSpec )
As far as pkgspec go , it was mostly a question of objects with no optimizations .
I would create maybe 6000 pkgspecs / pkgnames , most of them duplicates of existing ones .
So , applying standard tricks of recognizing duplicates , and creating unique objects would help a great deal .
In fact , this is the biggest contribution to making pkg_add go faster in 4.7 ( it does not help that I had a bug in my regexp code that would totally disable an optimization in there ... the profiler directed me straight to that bug ) .
( Ed : see man page for OpenBSD : : PackageName )
As far as the solver went , I would have to do things incrementally .
So the solver was almost entirely rewritten to do things that way .
There were some fun bugs during the rewrite , all of them leading to loops in the way pkg_add did things .
So , at that point , I had solved two features :
pkg_add would deal with bizarre update scenarios , merging updatesets as needed , and no longer cheating with anything .
updates would be incremental .
Instead of spending two hours discovering things , and then starting to work , pkg_add would start updating things almost right away .
The unexpected benefit was that I had to optimize a lot of code for fairly infrequent scenarios ( I do n't expect a lot of fam -> gamin scenarios to creep in ) , but this optimization would be useful in every case .
pkg_add is a lot faster now .
You wo n't notice it in many cases , since it still need to actually DO work , like fetching packages and extracting files , but the part where it sits around , apparently doing nothing , is almost totally gone now .
Things you will definitely notice is tied updates .
All database users will see postgresql - client / server updating together ( since those are usually tied ) , and mysql as well .
What 's very cool is that there is no special - case code for these .
The engine can deal with an amazing amount of shit .
That 's not all that changed for 4.7 .
With the incremental updates , failed pkg_add became less painful , but still a bit annoying .
Have n't you ever whined at pkg_add stopping half - way through because of a problem on one single package ?
Making pkg_add ways more fault - tolerant became very important .
There are actually yet more changes ( mostly to vstat. pm ) to transform fatal errors into non fatal errors .
If an update fails , pkg_add will just mark the UpdateSet as failed , and keep going on other stuff it can still deal with ( of course , the update failure may trigger other problems , but it will update everything it can , and that 's usually very useful ) .
There was also that old question of version numbering .
pkg_add now actually knows about version number orders , and will no longer downgrade anything ( unless you explicitly ask for it , of course ) .
So that 's it for a summary of what changed between 4.6 and 4.7 .
There are hundreds more of small bugfixes , a lot of them triggered by the big changes .
If we talk about the future , this is not over yet .
There are still a few border - case scenario where pkg_add can go into a loop .
Those will get fixed .
pkg_delete is now lagging behind a bit .
For instance , we have orphaned packages , and we could deal with it ( check your pkg installation for @option manual - install , any package that does n't have it was installed automatically , and could be orphaned when you remove the stuff that requires it ) .
I will now probably work on better error messages .
As I said , pkg_add will keep going after errors .
But right now , it does n't consider that when outputting error messages .
So , for instance , if dbus does n't manage to update , you 'll see a flurry of other error messages that say the dbus library does n't match , with lots of extra details .
Those details do n't matter .
pkg_add will become able to trace that to the failed dbus install , and simply tell you that it can't update such because the dbus update failed .
( this is what you would deduce of all the noise you will see anyways ) .
I 'm also working on another very exciting project , aka " new dpb " .
But that 's definitely meat for another article . ;-)
I worked with this guy who was slightly older than me and very clever .
And every time I 'd go into his office and ask him a question , every single question , he would say , " A program is a black box .
It has inputs and it has outputs .
And there is a functional relationship between the inputs and the outputs .
What are the inputs to your problem ?
What are the outputs to your problem ?
What is the functional relationship between the two ? " .
And then somewhere in this dialog , you would say , " You 're a genius ! "
And you 'd run out of the room and he would shake his head in amazement - -" I wonder what the problem was , he never said " .
" It was called Porgy .
He bought it for himself when he was an adult , and it used to sit in the chair when he was at Cambridge .
He used to practice his lectures in front of Porgy . "
If you 're a computer programmer you might have found yourself describing a particular problem you are having to a colleague .
Many times you 'll never even finish the explanation , or get any feedback before you uncover the solution to your problem .
I 've found that a colleague is not even necessary : you can talk to anything as long as your verbalize your problem .
While working on my book I would frequently describe out loud the scientific sections I was writing to make sure that I understood what I was explaining .
To feel a little less ridiculous I used to do this while talking to my cat .
The cat did n't understand what I was talking about , or at least it never said a mumblin ' word , but speaking aloud helped me enormously .
I also find myself talking directly to my computer while debugging .
And there 's something in speaking out loud a problem that makes cogs in my brain mesh and a solution propose itself .
In Coders a Work Joe Armstrong ( who created Erlang ) describes a similar situation with a " useless " colleague :
Unfortunately , talking to animate objects is often seen , by the general public , as a sign of insanity .
I only talked to the cat when the rest of my family were out of the house .
But speaking out loud seems to be helpful because it forces you to explain clearly your problem , it forces you to find hidden assumptions , and it makes different bits of your brain work .
Since the thing you are talking to knows nothing of your problem you have to explain it clearly and in detail , as you go into detail you are forced to uncover parts of the problem you had n't thought of .
And , by speaking out loud you use the parts of your brain that form words , move your mouth , hear words and process them .
The Pragmatic Programmers call this talking to inanimate objects technique Rubber Ducking because they suggest placing a rubber duck next to your computer and talking to it .
The Rubber Ducking page has stories of the different objects people to talk , and relates the story of a teddy bear at MIT that students were forced to talk to before bothering a member of staff .
The same sort of technique seems to have worked for Alan Turing .
One of his nieces recalls Alan Turing having a teddy bear :
The surviving Turing family were kind enough to send me a photograph of Porgy dressed in the little outfit that Alan Turing 's sister made for it .
You might like to print it out and post it near your computer .
Next time you come up against a difficult problem , simply turn to Porgy and describe out loud the problem you are having .
I 'm sure Porgy can help .
PS . If you 're on Facebook you can become a fan of Porgy here
By Elizabeth Williamson and Victoria McGrane
Former Alaska Republican Gov. Sarah Palin stirred up more controversy over the oil spewing into the Gulf of Mexico Sunday when she suggested that the administration ’s response was linked to “ the oil companies who have so supported President Obama in his campaign . ”
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
Palin ’s support for expanded oil exploration as the 2008 Republican vice - presidential candidate helped turn “ Drill , Baby , Drill ” into a party mantra .
Speaking on “ Fox News Sunday , ” she said she remains “ a big supporter of domestic extraction of the resources that we are so reliant on , versus relying on foreign sources . ”
Asked whether she thought the administration of President Barack Obama was doing a good job handling the crisis caused by the British Petroleum spill , Palin said , “ I do n’t know why the question is n’t asked by the mainstream media and by others if there ’s any connection with the contributions made to President Obama and his administration and the support by the oil companies to the administration . ”
She continued : “ If there ’s any connection there to President Obama taking so doggone long to get in there , to dive in there , and grasp the complexity and the potential tragedy that we are seeing here in the Gulf of Mexico — now , if this was President Bush or if this were a Republican in office who had n’t received as much support even as President Obama has from BP and other oil companies , you know the mainstream media would be all over his case in terms of asking questions why the administration did n’t get in there , did n’t get in there and make sure that the regulatory agencies were doing what they were doing with the oversight to make sure that things like this do n’t happen . ”
According to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics , Republicans receive far more campaign money from the oil and gas industry than do Democrats … .
Broccoli Cream Soup
4 cups water
1 tsp salt
1 1/2 - 2 lbs broccoli
1 clove garlic
1/2 cup soymilk
1 Tbsp lemon juice
Tartar Sauce for Okara Crab Cakes
3 oz soft silken tofu , such as Mori - Nu brand
1 tsp Dijon mustard
1/2 Tbsp brown rice syrup or agave nectar
1 tsp umeboshi vinegar ( in " Asian " section of grocery stores )
1 1/2 Tbsp olive oil
2 Tbsp minced dill pickles
1 Tbsp minced onions
A note on the crab cakes ,
Separate broccoli tops from stems and peel stems .
Cut into chunks .
Boil the water and salt , add stems and simmer 10 minutes .
Add tops and cook an extra 10 minutes .
Save the water .
With a slotted spoon , scoop broccoli into a blender and add all remaining ingredients but the lemon juice , plus a half a cup or so of the broccoli water .
Blend , adding more water if necessary .
Return to pot ( after dumping out the remaining broccoli water , of course ) and simmer on low for about 5 minutes .
Stir in lemon juice .
Done !
Add the first 5 ingredients to a blender and blend til smooth .
Then , with the blender running , slowly add the olive oil and blend again til thick and creamy .
Move to a bowl , add pickles and onions , and enjoy with your crab cakes or faux fish .
Not something to eat in abundance , it 's still a lot better than buying a jar of vegan mayonnaise , in my opinion .
I realized after posting that I neglected to mention why I have okara - something many have probably never heard of - lying around : I 've been making my own soymilk .
Okara is the byproduct .
That 's really the only reason anyone would happen to have it .
I plan on posting on the process but I realize that it's not for everyone , being kind of labor intensive if you do n't have an actual soymilk machine ( I do n't , I have a VitaMix ) .
Investing in either of the two is definitely worth looking into , as the cost of whole soybeans is much less than soymilk , the additives are up to you , there 's no packaging to throw away , and you get to use the leftover okara ( which has a fair amount of protein and lots of minerals ) for other things .
So , overall it 's less wasteful and expensive and I like maximum efficiency .
Labels : recipe , soup , ultra low carb recipe
In 1901 , Massachusetts surgeon Dr. Duncan MacDougall attempted to prove the existence of the soul by weighing a person before , and right after , death .
He hacked an industrial beam scale so that it could be attached to a hospital bed .
Then , he began to seek out a subject in the terminally ill patients at the hospital .
First up was a man dying of tuberculosis .
According to MacDougall , " The instant life ceased , the opposite scale pan fell with a suddenness that was astonishing – as if something had been lifted from the body . "
Apparently , 21 grams was missing from his body .
MacDougall reproduced the experiment several more times .
The physician 's work has become a classic tale that , of course , is still widely cited by philosophers , skeptics , and " believers . "
And yes , it 's MacDougall 's experiments that inspired the film 21 Grams too .
Fortean
Times weighs the truths , half - truths , and unknowns of " the strange deathbed experiment of Dr. MacDougall . "
From FT :
Deducing exactly what went on in MacDougall 's laboratory after more than a century has passed is no easy task , but a possible insight comes from some written correspondence between MacDougall and Richard Hodgson .
These letters ( which were later published by the American Society of Psychical Research ) start in November 1901 , after MacDougall 's first experiment , and continue until May 1902 , when the entire project was halted .
They contain a full description of MacDougall 's methods , results and the circumstances of all six patients which , when compared with his American Medicine paper , offer some clues to the solution of this mystery .
MacDougall 's letters make it plain that , with the exception of the first patient , all the experiments were beset with problems that may be broadly divided into one of two categories .
The first problem was in ascertÂ­aining the exact time of death , an issue that appears to affect patients two , three and six .
MacDougall acknowledged this with the second patient , where the period of uncertainty lasted for 15 minutes , but with patient three it is only in his letters that we learn of " a jarring of the scales " made while trying to determine " whether or not the heart had ceased to beat " .
Patient six was excluded for other reasons ( see below ) , but in his letters MacDougall remarks that " I am inclined to believe that he passed away while I was adjusting the beam " , which again suggests uncertainty as to the exact moment of death .
The second issue was a problem relating to the measuring equipment itself , which MacDougall himself cited as a reason for voiding the results of patients four and six .
However , with the fifth patient the measured drop in weight at death was later followed by an evident malfunction , as the scales could not afterwards be made to re-balance themselves correctly .
In any objectÂ­ive experiment this uncertainty would have voided the result , but at no point does MacDougall question the reliability of his set - up .
Thus , of the six patients , just one ( the first ) appears to have been measured without mishap , but repeated troubles with the equipment and with determining the moment of death perhaps casts doubt on even these results .
Thus , rather than trying to find a physical cause for the loss of weight at death , it is conceivable that there was no loss of weight at all , or that it might not have coincided with the moment of death .
Only a complete retrial with human patients will answer these questions , and that has so far not been forthcoming .
Nate Hagens has an interview excerpt , shown over at the Post Carbon Institute site , which they label , " What we can learn from hedge fund investors . "
I would describe the clip as being about one way of changing society 's behavior to use less resources .
A transcript is below the fold .
Post Carbon Institute
How can we help promote societal behavioral change ?
Well , I think I have a somewhat of a decent pedigree to talk about this , because I used to deal with billionaires , managing their money , and some of them had $ 100,000,000 , and all they wanted to do was to get to $ 200,000,000 , and then quit .
And then they got to $ 200,000,000 , and they got to $ 500,000,000 , et cetera , and I noticed at the same time that the clerks who were making $ 25,000 a year were just as happy as these billionaires .
And then I started reading about evolutionary psychology .
We pursue dopamine and different neurotransmitters because they feel good .
And it took me a very long time to understand that it is the pursuit of resources and status that gives us the feelings of success , rather than the actual use and acquisition of the resources .
Warren Buffet is a good man , but he treats this all as a game .
So , I think if people recognize that financial wealth is just a marker for real wealth , real wealth being defined as the four ecological capitals -- social capital , which is our friends and our network ; human capital , which is our health , our knowledge , our skills ; natural capital , which is our ecosystems , our fresh water , our trees ; and built capital , which is our " stuff " , our wind turbines , our electric cars , our pavement .
If people can accept that finance is just a marker , and if we can compete for -- as an evolved species , we are not going to allow every one on the planet to be equal .
As noble a concept as that is , it will never happen .
We are a competitive / cooperative species .
But if we compete for things that are more benign in their throughput , for example art , or information or gardening , I think that would be a huge potential leverage point .
And I have been walking down that path myself , because I used to be an incredibly large consumer , and I 've struggled with reducing that .
And now I make $ 20,000 a year as a graduate assistant , and I spend just a little bit more than that , and I am happier than I have ever been in my life .
So I know that it can happen , even though I still talk to my hedge fund buddies , and they make a lot of money , and they are worried about how to protect it and what is coming .
They are missing the message .
They are good people , most of them .
But we need to create examples : " Wow .
Look at these people .
They are using less resources .
They used to use so many more , and they are happy . "
That is a lot different message than , " We have climate change ; we have peak oil coming ; you need to use less resources . "
So it 's a subtle shift of perspective , but I think that is important .
It 's going to ultimately get down to human behavior , absolutely .
Without behavioral change , without changing the carrot that both the United States , and the countries that follow us compete for , away from conspicuous consumption , none of this other stuff is going to matter .
It 's only going to be fingers in the dike - - temporary fixes .
The spectre of plague stalked the world last year with its constant companion , fear .
Schools and stadiums were closed in Mexico , tourists from Egypt to Singapore were quarantined , and the surgical mask became a universal fashion accessory across Asia .
Yet predictions that the global death toll from swine flu could reach 7.5 million were well off the mark .
At most , the virus killed 14,000 people , and some of those had pre-existing conditions or had been infected by other dangerous bugs as well .
Against a background death toll from seasonal flu of up to 500,000 , the new H1N1 strain was invisible .
Professor Ulrich Keil , a World Health Organisation ( WHO ) adviser on heart disease , said the decision to declare a pandemic had led to a " gigantic misallocation " of health budgets .
" We know the great killers are hypertension , smoking , high cholesterol , high body mass index , physical inactivity and low fruit and vegetable intake , " he told the Council of Europe .
Yet governments " instead wasted huge amounts of money by investing in pandemic scenarios whose evidence base is weak " .
The suspicion that the response to the outbreak was an unnecessary panic has been spreading since the virus slipped from the front pages .
Even the WHO , the UN body that first punched the big red button , may be having doubts .
An external committee has been set up to review its reaction and will deliver an interim report this week , though at the moment no bombshells are expected .
The WHO faces two main charges .
The first is that between the first cases of H1N1 being reported in March and the declaration of a full , phase 6 pandemic by its director - general , Dr Margaret Chan , in June , the organisation changed its definition of a pandemic .
Critics say the old definition required that a virus result in " enormous numbers of deaths and illness " .
The new definition applies only if the virus is new , if it spreads easily between people , and if the population has little or no immunity to it .
A bug that causes a mild case of the sniffles could qualify .
A spokesman for the organisation insists there has been no change at all – that the old definition was an error on a single web page about bird flu , the last great influenza scare .
But Peter Doshi , a doctoral candidate at MIT whose thesis is on science , politics and influenza policy , argued in a paper in the British Medical Journal in September that the old definition had been widely applied by the WHO since at least 2003 .
The second charge , prominently made by Dr Wolfgang Wodarg , the former head of health at the Council of Europe , is that the WHO is unduly influenced by the drugs industry , which stood to make a fortune from selling anti-virals and vaccines .
The Swiss giant Novartis , for example , saw its profits jump by nearly a third in the first quarter of this year to $ 2.95 bn , much of it from delivering swine flu vaccines ordered last year .
Debate rages over allegations that some experts who recommended the pandemic be declared , have links to drugs companies , although this has been denied .
But critics note that it's hard to become an expert in the field without having some funding from big pharmaceutical companies .
Others say that the problem is due to the spread of false assumptions .
Most people think , for example , that when they have flu symptoms they must have influenza .
But Dr Tom Jefferson of the Cochrane Collaboration , which reviews the evidence for various medical treatments , notes that more than 200 agents can cause flu - like illnesses .
Only 7.5 to 15 per cent of cases are actually influenza .
Anti-viral drugs and vaccines are aimed just at this group .
" To stop one new case of H1N1 , you 'd have to inoculate 100 people , " says Dr Jefferson " or you could get four people to wash their hands . "
Masks work too , he says , and so does sending people home from work if they have symptoms .
The usual justification for the massive response to H1N1 is that no one wants a repeat of the 1918 pandemic , which killed an estimated 50 million people .
But scientists are not even sure if that plague was caused by influenza at all .
The virus was not discovered until 1933 .
And outbreaks since then have been much milder .
David Campbell should not have resigned from the NSW cabinet for entirely personal behaviour , that was – as far as anyone can establish – neither illegal nor exploitative .
He had lost interest in , or focus on , his job as Minister for Transport , but his performance was no worse than that of the government as a whole .
His second life as a gay man had no bearing on his public duties .
David Campbell Credit: Jon Reid
Of course , if Campbell had been a stellar minister – instead of an affable journeyman of politics – and if he were serving in a good government , he may have been able to survive with the perfectly reasonable argument that he had committed no offence , other than the private pain to his wife and family .
Once again , we have seen a political career end in a scandal that is manufactured by the media , based on a series of so - far thin justifications .
Me : “ Here ’s your smoothie , ma’am . ”
Customer : “ Oh , does this have milk in it ?
I have a violent reaction to milk !
I ca n’t have milk . ”
Me : “ Yes , ma’am .
There ’s 2 % in it .
I can make it with a protein powder but that may have milk products in it . ”
Customer : “ Oh .
Well , I ca n’t have it .
Just make me a hot chocolate . ”
Me : “ Ma’am , to make that , I have to use milk . ”
Customer : “ Oh , that ’s okay .
I can have milk if it ’s hot chocolate . ”
Me : “ Alrighty . ”
Did you find this story using our World Milk Day roundup ?
Click here to get to the next story !
Click here to get back to the roundup !
Did you know about bound - fn ?
Clojure provides a lot of different facilities to handle concurrency .
One of these are Vars .
They can be used to store thread - local information , eg. with binding .
A different thread cannot see the value „ modified “ with binding .
And exactly there lies the rub …
A Guinea Pig
Let 's start with some setup , which we can use later on .
( def * increment * 1 ) ( defn incr [ x ] ( + x * increment * ) )
This is basically a function similar to inc which increments a given number .
Compared to inc it provides a knob by which we can change the increment step .
It works !
So .
Now let 's try our function .
user= > ( map incr [ 1 2 3 ] ) ( 2 3 4 )
Ok .
Nothing exciting so far .
But now let 's play with our knob .
We use binding to change the value of * increment * temporarily .
user= > ( binding [ * increment * 3 ] ( doall ( map incr [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ) ( 4 5 6 )
Yeah !
It works !
It works ! … Really ?
As I said in the introductory paragraph : Clojure provides several facilities to handle concurrency .
Besides
Vars there is for example pmap .
pmap is basically a drop - in replacement for map which distributes the computation of the output seq on several threads .
So each map can be easily turned to parallel construct by simply adding a single character .
( Whether this makes sense in every case is a different question ! )
So , let 's try pmap for fun and profit !
user= > ( binding [ * increment * 3 ] ( doall ( pmap incr [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ) ( 2 3 4 )
Huh ?
Argh !
We got caught by the thread - localness of Vars .
The changed value of * increment * established with binding is not carried over to the new thread , where the actual computation is done .
There the root binding is in effect and we get the original value of * increment * .
Remedies
To fix this situation we could take a hands - down approach and simply re-establish the binding in the target thread .
user= > ( binding [ * increment * 3 ] ( doall ( pmap ( let [ step * increment * ] ( fn [ x ] ( binding [ * increment * step ] ( incr x ) ) ) ) [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ) ( 4 5 6 )
This looks a bit silly , but imagine the binding being somewhere else in the code in a real - world project .
So what do we do ?
We capture the thread - local binding in a local and pass a closure to pmap .
This closure sets up the binding on the new thread before invocing incr .
This works but is quite a bit of tedious boilerplate .
But luckily Clojure provides a helper utility for this scenario !
user= > ( binding [ * increment * 3 ] ( doall ( pmap ( bound - fn [ x ] ( incr x ) ) [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ) ( 4 5 6 )
bound - fn defines a function – similar to fn .
However with the difference that it restores any thread - local bindings before executing the body of the function .
So it is basically an extended approach to the above let solution .
In our case we can simplify things even more : we already have a function .
We should be able to turn this function into a different one with the desired properties – similar to how memoize works .
And in fact we can do that !
user= > ( binding [ * increment * 3 ] ( doall ( pmap ( bound - fn * incr ) [ 1 2 3 ] ) ) ) ( 4 5 6 )
Upshot
A combination of Vars and binding can be a way to modify the environment of the code , eg. by rebinding * out* .
However one has to take care when crossing thread boundaries .
The bound - fn and bound - fn* utilities help in such a situation .
Notes
binding binds in parallel , while let binds sequentially .
binds in parallel , while binds sequentially .
The astute reader might have noticed several doall s.
Why this is necessary is explained in a previous post .
After Google shut down web sales of the Nexus One earlier this month , the company is moving swiftly to seed retail stores with the HTC - designed smartphone .
I wireless , a T - mobile affiliate will sell the Nexus One at its 250 stores mostly in the Midwest .
But in stores , the Nexus One will be pretty pricey .
The device is expected to be available for $ 300 , after a $ 50 mail - in rebate , and with a T - Mobile contract .
That is higher than the $ 180 Google had priced the Nexus One at in its web store .
It 's the price that Google and customers must pay for the privilege of getting their hands on Nexus One before committing to buy the device .
Google introduced the HTC - designed Nexus One in January as a phone that would initially be available on T - Mobile ’s network .
But instead of being sold through T - Mobile stores , the search giant said it would sell Nexus Ones through its web site and handle customer support itself .
Though innovative and clever , the strategy did n't resonate with consumers .
Nexus
One 's online store failed to catch on .
Potential customers found they just could n’t find a Nexus One in the real - world to play with , unless they knew a friend who already had the device .
“ While the global adoption of the Android platform has exceeded our expectations , the web store has not , ” wrote Andy Rubin , vice - president of engineering and Android czar at Google in a blog post .
“ It ’s remained a niche channel for early adopters . ”
The idea also gave rise to customer service complaints early on in the device 's life .
Customers complained about the poor tech support from Google –the company did n’t offer a telephone help line for weeks , instead asking people to send in e-mails .
Now Google seems to be taking the first steps towards getting Nexus Ones to stores .
The high price tag on the device at retail , though , dampens our enthusiasm .
But if Google can strike deals with Best Buy or other big electronics retail chains , it could offer the Nexus One in store for the same price as it was on the web .
See Also :
Photo : ( Johncatral / Flickr )
For modern English speakers , QQ can be used in various ways .
It is usually synonimous with crying , or whining : -
It can be used as a complete response dismissively .
" Stop whining and leave . " -> " QQ " -
It can be used mockingly .
" Cry / Whine more " -> " QQ more . " -
It can be used as an emote to summarize whimpering or whining .
" I hate this .
T-T " ->
" I hate this .
QQ " For English speakers who are out of touch with modern culture ( either too old , too FOB , or too noob to know better ) , QQ is used as abbr of " Quick Question .
" For people from China , QQ is a commonly known instant messaging service , similar to AIM and MSN .
Posted on May 19 , 2010 in Articles
Sources :
1. Economy Made Few Gains in Bush Years , Washington Post
2. Bush Administration Adds $ 4 Trillion To National Debt , CBSNews and Economic Policy of George Bush : Effect of policies on federal budget deficit and national debt , Wikipedia
3. Economic Policy of George Bush : Effect of policies on federal budget deficit and national debt , Wikipedia
4. Job Growth Under Bush Much Slower Than Under Clinton and Reagan , Fox News
5. Closing The Book On The Bush Legacy , The Atlantic and Poverty Statistics , US Census Bureau
6 . More uninsured , but blame skewed , Politifact and The Lost Decade , DLC
7. Middle - Class Life Under Bush : Less Affordable and Less Secure , DPC Senate Reports
8 .
9. Current Gas Prices and Price History , Gas Price Chart , and High oil prices ?
Weak dollar ?
Blame Bush , Politico
10 . Middle - Class Life Under Bush : Less Affordable and Less Secure , DPC Senate Reports
11 .
12 .
13 . Economic Policy of George Bush : Trade policy , Wikipedia and Bush ’s Eight Years in Office , Washington Post
14 . High oil prices ?
Weak dollar ?
Blame Bush , Politico
15 .
16 .
17 . America ’s Image in the World : Findings from the Pew Global Attitudes Project > , Pew Research and In 18 of 21 Countries Polled , Most See Bush ’s Reelection as Negative for World Security , BBC News
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : Bush Still Gets More Blame Than Obama for the Economy , The U.S. Department of Blame America First ,
It ’s the ( Bush ) economy , stupid , It ’s All George Bush ’s Fault , Obama is a victim of Bush ’s failed promises , How the War Depresses the U.S. Economy , Is the Economy a Casualty of War ? ,
There ’s a reason we need to keep reminding people about George W. Bush , Stephanie Miller et al Blame Bush For 2010 Gulf Oil Rig Disaster , Praise Obama , and Today ’s debt scolds were yesterday ’s surplus scolds .
[ tags ] president bush , president george w. bush , remember george bush , bush legacy , economy , economics , wall street crash , depression , recession , 2008 crash , statistics , figures , stats of the bush presidency , facts , iraq war , afghanistan war , oil , petrol , gas prices , united states , america [ / tags ]
Federal prosecutors have accused three men of running an operation that used fraudulent ads to dupe internet users around the world into buying more than $ 100 m worth of bogus anti-virus software .
The defendants operated companies including Innovative Marketing and Byte Hosting Internet Services , which perpetuated an elaborate scheme that tricked internet publishers into posting malware - laced ads on their websites , according to an indictment filed Wednesday .
The banners allegedly presented messages falsely claiming visitors ' computers contained dangerous malware and other defects that could be fixed by purchasing software that cost from $ 30 to $ 70 .
The scheme often tricked users into purchasing multiple sham products , which were sold under names including Malware Alarm , Antivirus 2008 and VirusRemover 2008 .
The charges , filed in US District Court in Chicago , largely echo allegations the Federal Trade Commission made in December 2008 against operators of of the same companies .
The federal judge hearing that case has held Innovative Marketing in contempt of court and fined it $ 8,000 per day for failing to comply with a temporary restraining order to shut down the scareware operation .
The three defendants stand accused of setting up at least seven fictitious advertising agencies that placed ads on unnamed websites .
The ads redirected viewers to websites that presented graphics that mimicked virus scans falsely claiming machines were riddled with a variety of dangerous infections .
To keep the scheme alive , the men allegedly established multiple merchant accounts to allow victims to purchase the rogue anti-virus products .
That allowed the men to have a fresh account to use when an older one got shut down because of repeated requests for refunds .
They also used multiple payment sites .
The 57 - page indictment names Shaileshkumar P. Jain , 40 , a US citizen who is believed to be living in Ukraine ; James Reno , 26 , of Amelia , Ohio ; and Bjorn Daniel Sundin , 31 , a Swedish citizen .
Each was charged with one count each of computer fraud and conspiracy to commit computer fraud .
Sundin and Jain were each charged with 24 counts of wire fraud , and Reno was charged with 12 counts of wire fraud .
Each count of wire fraud carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Prosecutors are also seeking the forfeiture of $ 100 m from a bank account located in Ukraine .
The indictment claimed Sundin , Jain and several unnamed individuals owned and operated Innovative Marketing , the Belize - based company that sold the software .
Reno and others allegedly owned Byte Hosting , which prosecutors said operated call centers that provided technical and billing support to victims of the scam .
In all , the scheme is alleged to have tricked internet users in more than 60 countries into making purchases . ®
0 shares
Detroit ’s mayor has banned reality TV crews from following its police after a crew filmed a raid that killed a child .
Mayor Dave Bing ’s spokesperson Karen Dumas told the Detroit News that having them there “ gives the wrong appearance … We do n’t want to convolute the process . ”
However , she said local media will be able to ride along with cops , but “ We ’ll assess that on a case - by - case basis . ”
Bing criticized police chief Warren Evans who renewed a contract with the A&E series The First 48 , and said , “ ( Evans ) said he signed an … extension of what was already there .
He said he did n’t pay much attention to it — but the fact of the matter is , his handwriting is on the agreement . ”
The paper also reports that “ Bing also said he was concerned when he saw a six - minute promotional trailer for a proposed reality TV show , tentatively named ‘ The Chief ' ” that “ reportedly shows Evans posing in front of the Michigan Central Depot station , holding a semi-automatic rifle and vowing to rid the city of crime . ”
Bing said , “ We saw it and we said : ‘ Hell no — do n’t make that public .
You ’ve got to cancel that ; that ’s not going to happen . ’
But the teaser thing was already out , so it ’s public knowledge .
And it ’s not positive in my opinion . ”
Are you at a crossroads in your professional journey ?
The path to a satisfying and meaningful career often takes unexpected twists and turns .
And sometimes it ’s hard to know which direction is right for you .
Ten years from now , will you be thinking , “ I wish I ’d done things differently ? ”
I ’m Seth Kaufman , Psy.D. , Certified Career Coach in Philadelphia , Pa
I ’ve journeyed through multiple crossroads of professional change .
I understand the obstacles and challenges , and I ’m committed to the belief that you can get what you want .
As your career or leadership coach , I ’m dedicated to you becoming self - empowered to fully embrace your authentic professional identity .
This article is by Katharine Q. Seelye , Jim Rutenberg and Jeff Zeleny .
Shortly after Representative Joe Sestak won an improbable victory Tuesday over Senator Arlen Specter in Pennsylvania ’s Democratic Senate primary , President Obama called Mr. Sestak to congratulate him .
The president pledged his full support , aides said later , and offered to campaign for him in the fall — if Mr. Sestak believes it will help .
Nothing makes friends like winning .
It was not long ago , Mr. Sestak said Wednesday in an interview , that White House officials were so eager to muscle him from the race that they offered him a job if he would drop out .
Mr. Sestak remains mum on the details , except to say that it was a high - ranking post — secretary of the Navy has been mentioned as a possibility — and that it happened last summer .
The White House , which had backed Mr. Specter , has denied the assertion .
What is clear is that Mr. Sestak , 58 , a former Navy admiral with a reputation as a hard - charging and demanding taskmaster , has no hesitation about defying the White House or other powerful interests .
According to the officer , the CIA did make a video apparently showing Osama bin Laden and his al - Qaeda lieutenants sitting beside a campfire quaffing bottles of alcoholic drinks and discussing their sexual trysts with boys .
The actors were drawn from " some of us darker - skinned employees " .
Fifty years ago this Sunday , Theodore Maiman and his fellow scientists at Hughes Research Laboratory shined a high - power flash lamp on a ruby rod , triggering a beam of coherent light : the first laser .
It was n’t long before the Pentagon started dreaming up military applications , and futurists were predicting that our soldiers would all get ray guns .
Well , not quite .
But lasers have revolutionized the U.S. military — changing the way it targets bombs , scares off insurgents , and , yes , blows stuff to bits .
Here are some of the greatest hits ( and biggest misses ) from the first half - century of military lasers .
Photo : Armor Group
Early researchers like Maiman did n’t think lasers were a tool of war .
Air Force Colonel Joseph Davis Jr. had other ideas .
It was the early days of the conflict in Vietnam , and U.S. bombs were going horribly off track — falling an average of 420 feet from their targets .
Davis gave Texas Instruments a $ 99,000 contract to see if lasers could make the bombs more accurate .
The concept involved two airplanes :
One fired a laser , “ illuminating ” a target ; the other dropped a bomb that honed in on the light .
And it worked .
By the early ’ 70s , these laser - guided “ Paveway ” bombs landed within 23 feet of their targets — almost a 20 - fold improvement over the old - school munitions .
With that , the era of the “ smart bomb ” began .
Today ’s precision - guided armaments can target a particular room of a particular house , or nail a moving car .
Laser - guided missiles and bombs have become drones ’ weapons of choice .
But no war saw more smart bombs used than Vietnam .
The United States wound up dropping 28,000 Paveways .
But “ they did not save the United States from defeat , ” historian Max Boot notes .
“ A guerrilla foe hiding in the jungles was not very vulnerable to air attack . ”
Photo : Stanford , Wikimedia
Bright lights have been used since World War II to distract and disorient enemies .
Lasers — shining in a single direction , on a single wavelength — not only made these so - called “ dazzler ” weapons more powerful .
They made ’em small enough for a soldier to carry on patrol .
In 2006 , the Army rushed 2,000 laser dazzlers into the field , to give troops at checkpoints a supposedly safer way to warn oncoming drivers to stop .
But the dazzlers were n’t completely harmless .
Over a five - month period in 2008 and 2009 , a single unit in Iraq reported 14 laser “ friendly fire ” injuries .
Three soldiers had to be medically evacuated out of the country , and one is now blind in one eye .
This experimental laser dazzler could do even worse .
It ’s known as Personnel Halting and Stimulation Response , or PHaSR , and it incorporates two different lasers : one to startle , the other to heat up the skin , causing a “ repel effect . ”
Ouch .
Photo : Air Force Research Laboratory
On March 26 , 1983 , just three days after Ronald Reagan announced his “ Star Wars ” missile defense plan , the U.S. military tested what might go down as the nuttiest anti-missile machine ever : a giant laser , powered by a nuclear bomb and its cascade of x-rays .
The brainchild of Manhattan Project physicist Edward Teller , Project Excalibur was supposed to fire off atomic - powered lasers from land or space at incoming missiles .
There was just one problem — studying the laser proved difficult because the bomb kept destroying its sensors at the Nevada Test Site ’s underground facility before scientists could receive the data .
Teller remained undaunted , however .
He was convinced that his “ Super - Excalibur , ” powerful enough to destroy the entire Soviet nuclear arsenal , was about to enter the “ engineering phase . ”
That helped inspire Reagan ’s Star Wars vision .
But 27 years later , the nuke - ‘n’- laser combo is still just a dream .
Or a nightmare .
– Olivia Koski
Illo : Wikimedia
As if Teller ’s vision of bomb - powered lasers was n’t enough , he also convinced the powers that be that it would be a good idea to put lasers on planes .
More successful than his laser bomb idea , the Airborne Laser Laboratory shot down a drone on May 2 , 1981 , at White Sands Missile Range .
A couple of years later , in 1983 , it blasted some Sidewinder air - to - air missiles .
Now , it sits in a museum at Wright - Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton , Ohio .
The ALL was perceived as merely a proof - of - concept system , not practical for the battlefield .
But , wait , this story feels all - too familiar !
Thirteen years later , in 1996 , the Air Force awarded a $ 1.1 billion dollar contract to build a souped - up version of the Airborne Laser Laboratory .
Using a bigger plane , and a more powerful chemical laser , they called it the Airborne Laser .
“ We are taking the first major step towards giving the American people their first light saber , ” the head of the Missile Defense Agency proclaimed .
Billions over budget and years late , it zapped a ballistic missile in February .
But it was too late for the Airborne Laser .
Air Force Chief of Staff General Norton Schwartz told Congress that the tricked - out 747 “ was a magnificent technical achievement , ” but “ does not reflect something that is operationally viable . ”
– Olivia Koski
Photo : USAF
The Nuclear Test Ban Treaty was adopted by the United Nations in 1996 .
Which means it ’s no longer cool for the United States to set off nukes underground .
So how do you make sure the H - bombs are still working ?
Simulation — and the world ’s biggest , most powerful laser .
The National Ignition Facility is designed to fire off 192 giant lasers onto a target the size of a BB , and filled with hydrogen fuel .
The result : heat and pressure of a kind only seen inside star cores and nuclear weapons .
Using NIF ’s data , supercomputers should be able to model a nuclear explosion — without dropping the bomb .
Photo : LLNL
Oh , do n’t worry .
It only looks like a giant death ray .
In reality , the Air Force is just trying to take some good pictures with its Starfire Optical Range .
( Later on , they ’ll get to the satellite - blasting energy weapon . )
Hot and cold pockets of air change the speed of light as it moves through the atmosphere .
That makes stars appear to twinkle and creates a major challenge for researchers trying to get a clear view of objects in space .
Starfire ’s answer :
Shoot a laser 56 miles into the mesosphere and measure the distortion .
Then adjust the laser ’s mirrors until the beam is back in focus .
Whatever optical tweaks correct the beam will also focus a telescope .
The images from Starfire are 40 times sharper than uncorrected pics .
Today , that aids astronomers ; someday , maybe generals .
“ We do n’t hide the fact that it could help build an anti-satellite weapon , ” Colonel Gregory Vansuch , chief of the installation , told me a few years back .
A big laser like Starfire ’s could aim a satellite - killing missile — or blind the satellite by itself .
Not that the U.S. military has any plans to do so .
No , seriously !
They swear !
Photo : Air Force Research Laboratory
No energy weapon has blasted more stuff out of the sky than the Tactical High Energy Laser .
Developed in the late 1990s and early 2000s by the American and Israeli governments , the chemical - powered laser blasted 46 Katyusha rockets , artillery shells and mortars out of the sky .
“ All my career , I ’ve been interested in fielding lasers , ” Jeff Sollee , a veteran Northrop Grumman laser scientist , once told me .
“ THEL was as close as they come . ”
But generating the megawatts of laser power required for THEL — known in Israel as “ Nautilus ” — meant brewing up hundreds of gallons of toxic chemicals , like ethylene and nitrogen trifluoride .
The weapons grew bulky ; one proposed small - scale version was supposed to be kept in a mere eight cargo containers , each 40 feet long .
Needless to say , the project was abandoned .
But it has n’t been forgotten .
In 2008 , a group of citizens from the Israeli town of Sderot , long under assault from Hamas rockets , tried to force the government to set up the energy weapon defense — by taking prominent officials to court .
The lawsuit did n’t succeed , either .
Military lasermen figured out a long time ago how to build really , really strong ray guns .
Making those blasters compact enough to be battlefield - useful — that ’s been the tough part .
Or at least it was , until early last year , when researchers at Northrop Grumman ’s lab , just south of Los Angeles , started firing off a military - strength laser that could one day be configured into a laser weapon that ’s ready for war .
Instead of the typical vats of toxic chemicals used to excite the light , Northrop ’s guys used relatively small chains of garnet crystals .
The result : the first “ solid sate ” laser that hit 100,000 watts — what ’s considered weapons grade .
It ’ll still take at least $ 100 million and years of development to get an honest - to - goodness blaster .
The solid state laser starts test - firing at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico later on this year .
Photo : Northrop Grumman
On Oct. 8 , 2005 , a Volkswagen managed to drive itself 128 miles across the Mojave Desert , to win Darpa ’s “ Grand Challenge ” robot rally .
Without lasers , that robo -SUV , nicknamed Stanley , never would ’ve left the starting line .
Perched atop the vehicle were five LIDAR ( LIght Detection and Ranging ) units .
Shooting out laser pulses — and measuring the return — five times a second , the machines helped assemble an image of the course for the robot .
Then Stanley could drive , without getting stuck in the sand .
Troops use similar laser rangefinding techniques every day , to pinpoint targets ’ locations .
But for now , at least , their Humvees still have to be driven by human hands .
Photo : Smithsonian
Imagine an energy weapon that can keep firing forever — and adapt its beam to the air around it .
That ’s the promise of the “ Free Electron Laser . ”
And , depending on how you look at it , the FEL is either the biggest boondoggle in the history of military energy weapons , or the “ Holy Grail of lasers . ”
Lasers all work in pretty much the same way : Excite certain kinds of atoms , and light particles radiate out .
Which slice of the spectrum depends on the “ gain medium ” — the type of atoms — you use to generate the beam .
Those garnet crystals produce one laser wavelength ; the chemicals , another .
A FEL , on the other hand , does n’t have a gain medium at all .
It uses a turbocharged stream of electrons to kick - start its reaction instead .
And that lets the FEL fire along many different wavelengths — and for a long , long time .
At least , that ’s the theory .
In practice , FELs have been hard to build .
During the Star Wars era , the Defense Department sank 10 years and a half a billion into a FEL .
All it could only muster a meager 11 watts — less than a typical lightbulb .
More recently , however , FELs have hit more than 14,000 watts .
The Navy has handed out contracts to begin design work on a weapons - grade “ Holy Grail . ”
Marxism and the Holocaust
By Nick Beams
15 May 2010
The following is an addendum to the lecture “ Imperialism and the political economy of the Holocaust , ” delivered by Nick Beams at San Diego State University on April 29 .
The lecture is available here .
The collapse of the East European Stalinist regimes and the liquidation of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s saw a wave of triumphalism sweep through bourgeois political and academic circles .
This was the end of socialism , the death of Marxism and even the end of history itself .
That these regimes were not socialist , that the Stalinist bureaucracy in the USSR had consolidated its power through the mass murder of the Marxist intelligentsia — on a scale far greater than Hitler carried out — and that Marxists , above all Leon Trotsky , had predicted in the 1930s that the Stalinists would restore capitalism in Russia unless overthrown by the working class , counted for nothing .
This wave of ignorant celebration found its reflection in “ left ” academic and Marxist circles , especially among those examining the Holocaust .
Marxism , it was claimed , could provide no explanation for this catastrophe .
Based as it is , on an Enlightenment view of human progress , Marxism could not account for the systematic mass murder of the European Jews .
How was it possible to provide a materialist analysis of this historical disaster ?
Where was the underlying economic motivation — even “ in the final analysis ” ?
It was not possible to explain the Holocaust in terms of a class analysis .
Something more fundamental — an examination of the human condition and capacity for evil — was needed and Marxism could not provide it .
These positions reflected not so much the inadequacies of Marxism in understanding the Holocaust as the inability of their authors to understand Marxism — as opposed to various mechanistic caricatures — and their turn away from once - held socialist convictions towards bourgeois politics .
Not for the first time , and no doubt not for the last , a sudden turn in the situation found a number of intellectuals in retreat .
Marxism , they maintained , had not only failed to explain the Holocaust , its very occurrence called into question the Marxist conception that socialism arose out of fundamental historical and economic processes .
The mechanised genocide of the Jews had shown that this was a false conception — the very development of modern society was not leading to socialism but could well result in barbarism .
An examination of two representatives of this school , Enzo Traverso and Norman Geras , will help to clarify some of the fundamental issues that have been the subject of this lecture .
In an essay published in 2001 , the leading theoretician of the British Socialist Workers Party Alex Callinicos cited these two authors as having made “ an important contribution to developing a distinctly Marxist response to the Holocaust over the past few years . ” [ 1 ]
In fact , the opposite is the case : rather than developing Marxism , they seek to undermine it .
Enzo Traverso , born in Italy in 1957 , entered politics in his youth as a member of a so - called “ far left ” political organisation .
He became a member of the Ligue Communiste Revolutionaire after moving to France in 1985 .
He was a well - known follower of the late Ernest Mandel , the one - time theoretical leader of the international Pabloite tendency which broke from Trotskyism in the early 1950s .
In his book Understanding the Nazi Genocide : Marxism after Auschwitz , Traverso makes clear his deepening opposition to Marxism as a method of historical analysis and as the basis of a political perspective .
In the introduction he writes : “ Between emancipation and genocide , the history of European Jewry , as much in its metamorphoses as in its wounds , can be seen as an excellent laboratory in which to study the different faces of modernity : its hopes and liberatory aspirations on the one hand , its destructive forces on the other .
This history shows both the ambiguity of the Enlightenment and its heirs , including Marxism , and the extreme forms of barbarism that modern civilization can take . ” [ 2 ]
This approach , in which “ modernity ” is made responsible for the crimes against the Jewish people — one could say the crimes against humanity committed on the body of the Jewish people — performs a very important political role .
It obscures the political forces , and the social classes in whose interests they acted , which were really responsible .
Modernity is an empty abstraction .
It is wracked by class division and class conflict .
So far as the emancipation of the Jews is concerned , the history of Europe shows that from the time of the French Revolution through the first three quarters of the nineteenth century , the Jews of Western Europe , through various twists and turns , experienced an expansion in their democratic and civil rights .
But from the last quarter of the century , coinciding with the development of the Great Depression that began in 1873 and the rise of imperialism and militarism , we see a definite change — the rise of a new and “ modern ” anti-Semitism , based on racial and nationalist rather than religious doctrines .
In the earlier period emancipation was bound up with the growing power of the liberal bourgeoisie as it cleared away the old restrictions of the ancien régime .
The new anti-Semitism was bound up with the changes in the situation confronting the bourgeoisie — a reflection of its deepening fear of and hostility to the rising workers ’ movement and the growth of Marxism .
Increasingly , the defence of the rights of the Jews was carried forward by the socialist and workers ’ movement .
Laying the blame on “ modernity ” for the Holocaust is the key plank of Traverso ’s analysis .
In an article published on February 15 , 2005 in Le Monde Diplomatique on the 60th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz - Birkenau , he points to the “ exacerbated nationalism and biological racism ” of the Nazis , the precedents established in the “ culture and practice of imperialism ” , the fact that Lebensraum was “ essentially a transposition to the Old World of the model of colonial domination that other great powers had pursued in Africa and Asia ” and that “ the destruction of the Soviet Union and the extermination of the Jews were complementary aims that converged in a single war . ”
But in an essay of some 1,700 words the term “ capitalism ” does not appear once .
Nazism , he writes was “ deeply rooted in the history , culture and technology of the modern world , and in modern forms of organization , production and domination . ”
For Traverso , any class analysis is virtually ruled out from the beginning : “ In Auschwitz we see a genocide in which racial hatred was virtually the one and only motive , carried out in disregard of any economic , political or military consideration . ” [ 3 ]
Making the same point in a more expanded form in an earlier work , Traverso wrote : “ It should be remembered that since the sixties some Marxist historians had criticized the notion of an intrinsic economic rationale underlying the National Socialist system .
For Tim Mason , the basic choices and overall operation of the Nazi system could be explained only in terms of the ‘ primacy of politics ’ .
However , if this interpretation of the general dynamic of National Socialism appears somewhat problematical , it also turns out to be more useful than ‘ materialist ’ explanations as a means of getting to the roots of the Shoah .
Economic anti-Semitism of the traditional kind , based on the myth of the Jew as banker , moneylender , and starver of the people ( a type of anti-Semitism that was exploited on a large scale in the past by various political regimes ) , might lead to the pogroms of the Czarist Empire but it was not about to be transformed into a mechanized massacre organized by a state .
An element that strikes and disconcerts historians studying the Jewish genocide is its essentially antieconomic nature .
Where was the economic rationality of a regime which , to kill six million men , women , old people and children , created , in wartime conditions , an administrative system , transport network , and extermination camps , employing human and material resources which would certainly have been put to better use in industry and on the increasingly depleted war fronts ? ” [ 4 ]
Viewed in a very narrow context such statements appear to be true .
But the framework must be broadened .
The genocide of the Jews and the establishment of Auschwitz came out of the drive by the Nazi regime to establish a German empire in Europe .
A key component of this perspective was the removal of Jews from the areas of German domination as they were regarded , by their very existence , as being a potential source of opposition .
Auschwitz was a product of the drive for Lebensraum or living space .
Lebensraum had very definite economic motivations that were rooted in the crisis confronting German capitalism as it sought to overcome the collapse of the world market and the rise of American economic domination .
Introducing his book Understanding the Nazi Genocide , Traverso noted that some of his essays contained some “ very harsh ” criticisms of the Marxist tradition : “ Auschwitz remains an ‘ acid test ’ for theorists , whatever their orientation , who identify with Marx ’s thought .
The incapacity of Marxism — the most powerful and vigorous body of emancipatory thinking of the modern age — first to see , then to understand the Jewish genocide raises a major doubt about the relevance of its answers to the challenges of the twentieth century . ” [ 5 ]
In the first place , this is an outright falsification .
The Marxist movement , led by Leon Trotsky , first in the form of the Left Opposition and then in the Fourth International , warned of the consequences of the Nazi victory and fought to prevent it , struggling to overturn the disastrous policies of the KPD and the Stalinist - led Communist International .
As the anti-Semitism of the Nazi regime deepened and the major capitalist countries closed their doors to Jewish refugees , Trotsky warned of the dangers confronting European Jews .
In an appeal to American Jews in December 1938 , he wrote : “ It is possible to imagine without difficulty what awaits the Jews at the mere outbreak of the future world war .
But even without war the next development of world reaction signifies with certainty the physical extermination of the Jews . ”
In one of his last major writings , the Manifesto of the Fourth International on Imperialism and War , published in May 1940 , Trotsky again turned to the situation confronting the Jews : “ In the epoch of its rise , capitalism took the Jewish people out of the ghetto and utilized them as an instrument in its commercial expansion .
Today decaying capitalism is striving to squeeze the Jewish people from all its pores ; seventeen million individuals out of the two billion populating the globe , that is , less than one percent , can no longer find a place on our planet !
Amid the vast expanses of land and the marvels of technology , which has also conquered the skies for man as well as the earth , the bourgeoisie has managed to convert our planet into a foul prison . … ” [ 6 ]
Traverso ’s outlook is bound up with the course of events over the past four decades .
He is by no means the only intellectual , radicalised in the late 1960s and 1970s and then disillusioned in a later period , to find that the source of his problems lies in the “ failures ” of Marxism .
Explaining his evolution , Traverso writes : “ I took my first steps in the political and intellectual world in the early 1970s , in Italy , when I thought I was living in a time overshadowed by the prospect of revolution , in Europe as in Vietnam or Latin America .
More recently I have become convinced that the dominant characteristic of the twentieth century is barbarism .
This has not led me to renounce my beliefs or abandon my commitment , but rather to modify their horizon .
If the awareness of living in a time of barbarism makes the task of transforming the world all the more imperative , it shows that the transformation will not ‘ go with the flow ’ of history but rather against the current .
This approach has changed my reading of the past . ” [ 7 ]
Here is the outlook of the disillusioned radical : I looked for the revolution but it did not come .
But instead of analysing why it did not take place — that requires an examination of the role of the various leaderships of the working class , including the Pabloite tendency led by Ernest Mandel to which he belonged —
Traverso concludes that the present epoch is dominated by barbarism and Marxism is itself at fault for not being able to recognise this .
He maintains his commitment to socialism but the transformation of the world can only take place “ against the current ” .
This means that the socialist transformation is really the struggle for a utopian perspective — there is no objective basis for it to be found within the historical development of capitalism itself .
According to Traverso the extermination camps were perfectly “ rational ” , “ scientific ” and “ modern ” .
“ Auschwitz consummated the marriage so typical of the twentieth century , between the greatest rationality of means ( the camp system ) and the complete irrationality of ends . ”
Auschwitz reveals the “ hidden possibilities of modern society . ”
But “ modern society ” has a social structure , it is a class society .
Under the social relations of capitalism — in which the producers must sell their labour power to the owners of the means of production in order to live — human beings are treated as a means to an end — the accumulation of surplus value in the labour process .
Capitalism is based on a system of social relations in which production — necessary for the maintenance of human life and civilisation — is not carried out in the interests of human need but according to the logic of capital itself .
Capital dominates over human beings , who are cut off from the means of production , and , should the logic of capital demand it , from life itself .
Irrationality is built into the very structure of the profit system itself .
For example , under this system , an increase in the productivity of labour — the basis of all human progress — can produce a decline in the rate of profit , resulting in an economic crisis leading to recession , unemployment and ultimately to war .
Like many others , Traverso insists upon the unique character of the Holocaust .
To the extent that it arises from circumstances that by their very nature have not occurred before and cannot be repeated in exactly the same form , every historical event is unique .
Considered at this level the assertion is trivial .
But the proponents of this view want to say much more .
They aim to suggest that the Holocaust is such a terrible event that it is beyond the reach of the methods of historical analysis , including Marxism .
In the body of the lecture we drew out that the unprecedented violence of the Holocaust arose from the confluence of two processes rooted in the historical crisis of German and world capitalism : the war of colonisation against the Soviet Union — that is the transfer of the methods employed hitherto in Asia and Africa to the continent of Europe — and social counter - revolution — the overturn of the property relations established by the revolution of October 1917 .
According to Traverso : “ The historical uniqueness of the Jewish genocide does not consist in the concentration camp system , however , but in racial extermination : Auschwitz was the product of the fusion of racial biology with modern technology .
This was a genuine civilizational break , which tore up the fabric of elementary human solidarity upon which human existence on the planet had until then been based . ” [ 8 ]
Traverso seeks to divorce the Holocaust from the historical processes that preceded it and made it possible .
The fusion of racial biology with modern technology , leading to mass murder , did not begin with Hitler and the Nazis .
Its origins lay in the latter years of the nineteenth century when the Maxim gun was used to mow down tens of thousands of people resisting colonisation .
Where , one can ask , was the “ fabric of elementary human solidarity ” in the Battle of Omdurman , near Khartoum , in the Sudan on September 2 , 1898 when , by 11.30 a.m. nearly 11,000 Mahdists resisting British forces had been killed and 16,000 wounded , prompting the head of the British forces Major - General ( later Lord ) Kitchener to remark that the enemy had been given a “ good dusting . ”
Winston Churchill , who took part in the slaughter , both as a soldier and journalist , later wrote that it was “ the most signal triumph ever gained by the arms of science over barbarians . ”
“ Within the space of five hours the strongest and best - armed savage army yet arrayed against a modern European Power had been destroyed and dispersed , with hardly any difficulty , and comparatively small risk , and insignificant loss to the victors . ” [ 9 ]
Where was the “ fabric of elementary human solidarity ” in the murderous campaign waged by German imperialism against the Herero people in South West Africa at the beginning of the twentieth century ?
On October 2 , 1904 when , after the battle of Waterberg , the Hereros attempted to flee , the head of the German forces , General Lothar von Trotha issued a proclamation : “ The Herero people must … leave the land .
If the populace does not do this , I will force them out with the Groote Rohr [ cannon ] .
Within the German borders every Herero , with or without a gun , with or without cattle , will be shot .
I will no longer accept women and children , I will drive them back to their people or I will let them be shot at . ”
Those who were not shot and killed were driven into the desert where thousands died of thirst .
According to the official record : “ Like a wild animal hunted half to death the enemy was driven from one source of water to the next , until , his will gone , he finally became a victim of the nature of his own land .
Thus the waterless Omaheke would complete what German weapons had begun : the destruction of the Herero people . ” [ 10 ]
The bringing together of racialist ideology and bureaucracy also did not begin with Hitler .
As Hannah Arendt noted : “ Two new devices for political organization and rule over foreign peoples were discovered during the first decades of imperialism .
One was race as a principle of the body politic , and the other bureaucracy as a principle of foreign domination . ” [ 11 ]
In Hitler ’s regime , the Ministry for the East in Berlin was said to be modelled on the British India Office .
For Traverso , the Holocaust , rather than underscoring the historic necessity for the overthrow of capitalist social relations — the basis of the perspectives of Marxism — calls into question the viability of Marxism itself .
“ Rereading Marx after the catastrophe , ” he writes , “ in the shadow of Auschwitz , is not a pointless task because the gas chambers raise questions about the intellectual tradition of which he was the founder .
Auschwitz puts in question certain paradigms of socialist thought , some of them contained in Marx ’s own texts , some constructed and developed starting from gaps in his work . ” [ 12 ]
Traverso is forced to acknowledge Rosa Luxemburg ’s warning at the beginning of World War I that the future facing mankind was one of socialism or barbarism .
However , he immediately dismisses its citation as an “ evasive , disorienting smokescreen ” because it has “ summoned up the spectre of a decline of civilization without acknowledging that Auschwitz was barbarism .
With few exceptions — above all Walter Benjamin — Marxists had conceived of the decline of humanity as regression , a return to pre-modern , even primitive social forms .
This left them disarmed , disoriented and sometimes blind in the face of a new , modern ‘ barbarism ’ , which fitted in with the fundamental tendencies of historical development instead of deviating from or reversing them : in other words , a technological , industrial barbarism , organized and directed by its own instrumental rationality . ” [ 13 ]
This argument simply does not stand up .
Rosa Luxemburg ’s warnings were based on an analysis of the tendencies within imperialism as they had emerged at the end of the nineteenth century .
Furthermore , two decades earlier Frederick Engels had pointed out that modern technology meant that any future war in Europe would bring about unimagined horrors .
Marxism did not conceive of humanity reverting to a previous stage of development , but pointed out that the enormous power of technology would have destructive effects — threatening the very continuity of civilisation itself — if it were not freed from the grip of the capitalist class and utilised to meet human need .
Traverso simply passes over all this because it does not suit his argument that the barbarism of Auschwitz and all modern barbarism is ultimately lodged within the process of reason itself , at least as it finds expression in the organisation of technology .
Man himself is the problem not the social relations of capitalism which , as Marx explained , at one time led to a development of the productive forces but which now threaten their destruction , including humanity itself .
Traverso insists that : “ Along with the idea of Progress , Auschwitz disposed once and for all of the conception of socialism as the natural , automatic and ineluctable outcome of history . ” [ 14 ]
Marxism has never had such a perspective .
Marx himself noted that capitalism “ turns every economic progress into a social calamity ” and in his famous article “ The Future Results of the British Rule in India ” explained that the English conquest of India revealed in its most naked form “ the profound hypocrisy and inherent barbarism of bourgeois civilization . ”
Only when the results of the bourgeois epoch had been brought under common control would “ human progress cease to resemble that hideous pagan idol , who would not drink the nectar but from the skulls of the slain . ”
In the Transitional Program , Trotsky wrote : “ Without a socialist revolution , in the next historical epoch at that , a catastrophe threatens the whole culture of mankind . ”
The key to the situation , he insisted , was the resolution of the crisis of leadership of the working class .
For Traverso and those who share his outlook this question is never to be examined — the problem lies in Marxism itself .
Auschwitz means “ jettisoning the naïve optimism of a way of thinking that claimed to be the conscious expression of the ‘ movement of history ’ , and of a movement that believed it was ‘ swimming with the tide ’ .
It also means restoring socialism ’s utopian dimension . ” [ 15 ]
Giving vent to the pessimism that has gripped sections of the petty - bourgeois intelligentsia over the alleged failures of Marxism and the working class , leading some of them in a very right - wing direction , Traverso rejects the conception that Marxism is the conscious expression of an unconscious historical process .
In the Communist Manifesto Marx explained that the theoretical conclusions of the Communists were “ in no way based on ideas or principles that have been invented , or discovered , by this or that would - be universal reformer ” but merely expressed in general terms “ actual relations springing from a historical movement going on under our very eyes . ”
This is not to say that history is simply “ on our side ” or that eventually historical forces , in and of themselves , will bring about the downfall of capitalism .
Quite the contrary .
As Rosa Luxemburg put it so well , history is a “ Via Dolorosa ” [ way of suffering ] for the working class .
Only to the extent that the working class learns from history — the lessons of its victories and above all its bitter defeats — can it consciously intervene in the historical process , change the course of history and carry out the overthrow of capitalism .
This struggle , to understand and therefore to make history , is led by the Marxist movement .
History is the source of all the problems that confront it .
History is , at the same time , the source of their resolution .
The struggle for socialism cannot be resolved via utopian schemes , which presumably somehow fire the imagination of the oppressed .
Rather , the Marxist movement seeks to analyse the historical experiences through which it has passed , drawing out , above all , the problems of working class leadership .
Traverso rejects such an approach .
“ Marx conceived the development of capitalism as a dialectical process , ” he writes , “ in which the ‘ civilising mission ’ ( the growth of productive forces ) and ‘ social regression ’ ( class , national , etc. oppression ) were inextricably linked .
This dichotomy was destined in his eyes to deepen until it ushered in a revolutionary break .
The twentieth century would show , by contrast , that this dialectic could also have a negative character : instead of breaking the iron cage of capitalist social relations , the growth of productive forces and technological progress could become the basis of modern , totalitarian Behemoths like fascism , National Socialism or , in another form , Stalinism . ” [ 16 ]
Completely absent from this assessment is any analysis of why the working class has so far been unable to wrest power from the bourgeoisie .
Here it is necessary to consider what Marx actually wrote , rather than the completely one - side interpretation provided by Traverso .
In his famous Preface to the Critique of Political Economy , Marx outlined the historical materialist method of analysis : “ At a certain stage of development , the material productive forces of society come into conflict with the existing relations of production or — this merely expressed the same thing in legal terms — with the property relations within the framework of which they have operated hitherto .
From forms of development of the productive forces these relations turn into fetters .
Then begins an era of social revolution . ”
Having established the objective foundations of social revolution , Marx then turned to the way in which the transformation is carried out , insisting that it was “ always necessary to distinguish between the material transformation of the economic conditions of production , which can be determined with the precision of natural science , and the legal , political , religious , artistic or philosophic — in short ideological forms in which men become conscious of this conflict and fight it out ” ( emphasis added ) .
It is here , in studying the history of the twentieth century — the ways in which the political conflicts were fought out — and seeking to extract the necessary lessons , that attention must be directed .
Traverso ’s analysis might perhaps have some validity if the twentieth century had passed without the development of a mass socialist movement , and the emergence of revolutionary situations in which it was possible for the working class to overthrow capitalism .
History shows that there were such conditions — the period that opened with the Russian Revolution in 1917 and continued until the aborted “ German October ” in 1923 , the series of upheavals in the 1930s , the high point of which was the Spanish Revolution 1936 - 39 , the post - World War II upsurge , and the series of potentially revolutionary struggles that began with the May - June 1968 events in France and continued until 1975 .
A study of this history shows that the objective conditions were certainly present for the seizure of power by the working class and that what was lacking was the necessary revolutionary leadership .
The “ totalitarian Behemoths ” — Stalinism and Nazism — were not the outcome of some “ negative dialectic ” of which Marxism had failed to take account , but the defeats suffered by the working class .
The betrayal of the revolutionary struggles of the working class by social democracy in the immediate aftermath of the Russian Revolution left the first workers ’ state isolated , giving rise to its degeneration and the eventual usurpation of political power by the Stalinist bureaucracy through the political defeat of the Marxist and internationalist tendency led by Leon Trotsky .
The Stalinist apparatus , then heading the Communist International , bore the chief responsibility for imposing the disastrous theory of “ social fascism ” upon the German Communist Party .
This played the decisive role in opening the way for Hitler ’s coming to power , resulting in the greatest historical defeat of the working class .
Stalinism and Nazism were both , in their own way , an expression of the crisis of revolutionary leadership of the working class , not of the power of technology and the productive forces .
Traverso criticises his one - time mentor Ernest Mandel for the latter ’s insistence that “ Hitler ’s Germany simply pushed to an extreme the violence inherent in capitalist society and imperialism . ” [ 17 ]
The problem with this view was that Mandel “ had difficulty in admitting ” that the genocide of the Jews “ was determined ‘ in the final analysis ’ by ideology , despite the material interests ( and military priorities ) of German imperialism . ” [ 18 ]
“ The Jewish genocide can not be understood as a function of the class interests of big German capital — this is , in truth , the interpretive criterion ‘ in the final analysis ’ of all Marxist theories of fascism — it can only be caricatured . ” [ 19 ]
So in the end we are left with the conclusion that really only the Nazis , and Hitler chief among them , are to blame .
Here we see where “ in the final analysis ” all this postmodernist , post - Marxist sweating leads to .
German imperialism is not responsible for the Jewish genocide , it ’s all down to the Nazis and Hitler .
But in the end they are not really to blame either because the genocide was inherent in the destructive irrationality of modern technology and the productive forces and human reason itself .
If one considers the question very narrowly , as we have noted , then it is easy to show that the mass murder of the Jews ran counter to the immediate economic and military interests of German imperialism .
But that is the problem — the narrow perspective through which the issue is viewed .
If we widen the horizon then the underlying interests come into view .
The Holocaust arose out of the war against the Soviet Union and the plans of German imperialism for the domination of Europe .
German capital had handed over the reins of power to the Nazis to carry out these tasks .
To be sure , as occurred before the war , some of their actions conflicted with the immediate short - term interests of German business — although there is no record of opposition from within the German ruling elites to the mass murder of the Jews — but there was a direct coincidence between the drive of the Nazis for Lebensraum in the East and the interests and needs of German imperialism .
The Nazi movement was handed the reins of power by the German ruling elites because there was no other party capable of carrying through the destruction of the organised working class and socialist movement .
They certainly hoped that they may be able to curb some of the Nazi “ excesses ” .
But at every stage the costs were too high .
There was always the danger that any conflict with the Nazis would ignite a movement from below , so that in the end the “ excesses ” were an acceptable price to pay .
Within the thinking of the Nazi leadership , racism and the drive to exterminate the Jews may have taken priority over all other issues .
But that does not settle the question .
In pointing to the primacy of economics , in the final analysis , Marxism does not maintain that behind the decisions of every political leader there is an economic motivation , which ideology is used to conceal .
It means that economic interests — the material interests of the ruling classes — determine the broad sweep of politics .
And there is no question that the destruction of the socialist and workers ’ movement , a necessary pre-condition for the Holocaust , and the war aimed at the conquest and colonisation of the Soviet Union , out of which it arose , were both determined by the “ class interests of big German capital . ”
Like Traverso , Norman Geras takes issue with explanations of the Holocaust that locate its origins within German imperialism and the capitalist system more generally .
Something more fundamental is required to provide an explanation and Geras finds it in the human capacity for evil .
The evolution of Geras points to the contemporary political pressures that find their expression in his opposition to a Marxist analysis of the Holocaust .
A one - time member of the editorial board of New Left Review , an admirer of Rosa Luxemburg and a self - professed Marxist , Geras , like a number of other one - time radicals , swung behind the US - led war on Iraq and the “ war on terror ” .
Geras ’ positions on the Holocaust are set out in an article entitled “ Marxists before the Holocaust ” published in the July - August 1997 edition of New Left Review .
The article is devoted to a critique of Ernest Mandel ’s analysis of the Holocaust .
According to Geras , “ the Holocaust is still presented by him [ Mandel ] as being an effect of capitalism ; as the product of its global irrationality , its partial ( functional ) rationality , and the racist ideology generated by its imperialist forms . ”
But any explanation developed along these lines , he insists , will not suffice .
When approaching the Holocaust “ there is something here that is not about modernity ; something that is not about capitalism either .
It is about humanity . ”
And Marxists , he maintains , have been reluctant to face up to this “ monstrosity of radical evil . ”
This takes us back to the age - old argument that socialism and the advance of civilisation is , in the end , impossible because there is lodged within mankind itself a kernel of evil that can never be overcome .
Towards the conclusion of his article , Geras writes : “ Writing about the Jewish question , both Mandel and Trotsky argued that there could be no satisfactory resolution of it except through the achievement of socialism .
All of the foregoing indicates , I hope , the shortcomings I see in that formula . ”
In his New Left Review article , Geras also pointed to the “ servile complicity and lack of critical judgement of tens of thousands of people ” that made the Holocaust possible .
He elaborated further on this issue in a book published the following year , 1998 : “ This was a world populated not by monsters and brutes — or not only by monsters and brutes , for in some necessary and still usable moral meaning there were more than enough of these — but by beings who were precisely human beings , with characteristics that are all too recognisable , human vices and weaknesses amongst them , common frailties .
“ Most easily recognizable in that regard are the bystanders : those who , not directly active in the process of mass murder , did nothing to try to stop it either .
These are the people who affect not to know , or who do not care to know and so do not find out ; or who do know but do not care anyway , who are indifferent ; or who are afraid , for themselves , or for others , or who feel powerless ; or who are weighed down , distracted , or just occupied ( as most of us ) in pursuing the aims of their own lives .
Such people formed the background to the tragedy of European Jews and they continue everywhere to provide an enabling condition for other tragedies large and small , and for great but avoidable suffering .
The ubiquity of the bystander surely testifies to a remarkable capacity in members of our species to live comfortably with the enormous sufferings of others . ” [ 20 ]
So in the end it ’s not just the “ monsters ” who are responsible , humanity itself is to blame .
Let us examine this issue more closely , for in doing so we can draw out some of the most important political and historical lessons of the Holocaust for our own times .
We are , quite naturally , horrified and appalled both by what took place , and , most importantly by the response of the “ bystanders ” who did nothing to prevent it .
But the key question is what lessons do we draw ?
Our task here , as Spinoza put it in a phrase frequently recalled by Trotsky , is not to laugh , not to weep but to understand .
For Geras the callous indifference is rooted in human nature itself , along with the capacity for radical evil .
The Marxist analysis draws very different conclusions .
The shocking indifference that helped to make the Holocaust possible was one of the most tragic consequences of the historic defeat of the German workers ’ movement that opened the way for the coming to power of Hitler and the Nazis .
A critical public opinion , in the sphere of politics , social issues or for that matter the arts , is not the outcome of the opinions and decisions of individuals as individuals .
The shaping of the outlook of individuals is itself a social process .
And the key question here was the destruction and atomisation by Nazism of the socialist workers ’ movement .
This movement was the bearer of the highest achievements of human thought and culture .
With its destruction , other processes shaped society .
As Trotsky put it : “ Everything that should have been eliminated from the national organism in the form of cultural excrement in the course of the normal development of society has now come gushing out from the throat ; capitalist society is puking up the undigested barbarism .
Such is the physiology of National Socialism . ” [ 21 ]
What are the lessons for today ?
Can we somehow hope that the conditions that led to the Holocaust are now well and truly behind us , that such a catastrophe could never happen again and , that whatever problems it confronts , humanity will somehow muddle through ?
Hardly .
The inter - imperialist rivalries and antagonisms that led to 30 years of war in the first half of the twentieth century and out of which the Holocaust arose are ever more apparent .
Likewise , the economic contradictions of capitalism , far from having been overcome , have exploded .
The lives of billions of working people all over the world are dominated by economic uncertainty as social and economic inequality grows .
These contradictions will produce a mass upsurge of the working class — the signs of this can already be seen .
But in and of itself that is not sufficient .
The political situation is characterised by the absence of an independent mass socialist movement .
The longer this situation continues , the more the historic crisis of the capitalist system will assume increasingly malignant political forms .
What is our perspective ?
The resolution of the crisis of leadership through the building of the world party of socialist revolution , the International Committee of the Fourth International .
In the words of the founding document of our movement , words that take on even greater significance than when they were written :
“ The historical crisis of mankind is reduced to the crisis of revolutionary leadership . ”
Notes :
1. Alex Callinicos , “ Plumbing the Depths : Marxism and the Holocaust ” in The Yale Journal of Criticism , Vol.14 , No. 2 ( 2001 ) . [ back ]
2. Enzo Traverso , Understanding the Nazi Genocide : Marxism after Auschwitz ( Pluto Press London 1999 ) , pp.2-3. [ back ]
3. Ibid. , p. 3 . [ back ]
4. Enzo Traverso , The Jews and Germany ( University of Nebraska Press Lincoln 1995 ) , p. 127 . [ back ]
5. Traverso , Understanding the Nazi Genocide , p. 4 . [ back ]
6. Leon Trotsky ,
On the Jewish Question ( Merit Pamphlet New York 1970 ) , pp. 29-30 . [ back ]
7. Traverso , Understanding the Nazi Genocide , p. 5 . [ back ]
8. Ibid. , p. 17 . [ back ]
9. Winston Churchill , The River War ( Kessinger Publishing 2004 ) , p. 161 .
These issues have lost none of their contemporary relevance .
If you go to Amazon.com you will find a review of Churchill ’s book by Newt Gingrich , written on July 22 , 2002 , that is , between the invasion of Afghanistan and the launching of the war against Iraq .
Gingrich writes that it is a “ very useful book as we think about the complexities of the 21st century third world and its problems of poverty , violence , disorganization and ruthless petty tyrants . ” [ back ]
10 . Cited in Jürgen Zimmerer , “ The birth of the Ostland out of the spirit of colonialism : a postcolonial perspective on the Nazi policy of conquest and extermination ” in Patterns of Prejudice , Vol. 39 , No. 2 , 2005 , pp. 209-210 . [ back ]
11 . Hannah Arendt , The Origins of Totalitarianism ( Harcourt Brace and Company 1979 ) , p. 185 . [ back ]
12 . Traverso , Understanding the Nazi Genocide , p. 19 . [ back ]
13 . Ibid. , p. 20 . [ back ]
14 . Ibid. , p. 22 . [ back ]
15 . Ibid. [ back ]
16 . Ibid. , p. 25 [ back ]
17 . Ibid. , p. 54 . [ back ]
18 . Ibid. , p. 59 . [ back ]
19 . Ibid. , p. 60 . [ back ]
20 . Norman Geras , The Contract of Mutual Indifference : Political Philosophy After the Holocaust ( Verso London 1998 ) , p. 96 . [ back ]
21 . Leon Trotsky , “ What is National Socialism ? ” in The Struggle Against Fascism in Germany ( Penguin Harmondsworth 1975 ) , p. 413 . [ back ]
How they felt about the wall .
Investigators probing Pune 's German Bakery blast have got compelling information to confirm that the attack was the handiwork of the Indian Mujahideen , sources told The Sunday Express , days after Union Home Minister P Chidambaram told Parliament that the case had been cracked .
The breakthrough , the sources said , is based on a telephone call IM co-founder Riyaz Bhatkal is believed to have made to a young IM operative who was in Nepal on the day of the blast on February 13 , claiming credit and exchanging congratulations for the attack .
The operative , Salman alias Chotu , was arrested weeks after the blast and is said to be singing about the IM hand in the blast during his interrogation by security agencies from across the country while in custody in Delhi .
" During interrogation , he told us that on February 13 , shortly after the Pune blast , he received a call from Riyaz Bhatlal on the Thuraya phone he was using there , " a source said .
" Riyaz immediately congratulated him .
When Salman asked him what the congratulations were for , Riyaz told him to switch on the TV to see the outfit 's latest work .
This has helped us narrow down the Pune probe to one outfit and its members . "
Salman belongs to Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh and spent several years of his childhood in Mumbai 's western suburb of Nirmal Nagar , studying up to class eight in a municipal school opposite the Bandra Metropolitan Magistrates Court .
According to the UP Police , Salman was enrolled in the Bachelor of Computer Applications ( BCA ) course in the Lucknow campus of Sikkim Manipal University in 2008 .
Alleged to be a teenage bomber , Salman is accused of involvement in the serial bomb blasts in Gorakhpur in May 2007 , the simultaneous blasts outside civil courts in Varanasi , Lucknow and Faizabad in November 2007 , the May 2008 bomb blasts in Jaipur , the serial blasts in Ahmedabad in July 2008 , as well as the serial blasts in Delhi in September 2008 .
... contd .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Start clicking through the slideshow for our complete Spring 2010 report , or navigate by trend below :
1. Stay Cool : Suit Up in Cotton
2. Go Mad for Plaid
3. Roll Up
4. Grab a Beach Bag for the City
5. Gotta Have ’ Solls
6. Blaze Your Own Trail
7. Suspenders : Not Just for Bankers Anymore
8. Join Our Crew
9. Know What Brown Can Do for You
10 . Be a Man : Wear Jewelry
11 . Torn Frayed
The new CBO scores are out on the health - care bill , with good news for Democrats .
The overall cost of health - care reform is estimated at $ 940 billion , but when compared to savings , the net deficit reduction in the first ten years is $ 130 billion , with an estimated $ 1.2 trillion saved in the second ten .
More significantly , CBO estimates that Medicare spending will drop by 1.4 % per year , an estimated 32 million people will be covered , and would extend Medicare 's solvency by an additional 10 years .
Based on the specifics in the report ( PDF ) , it appears that the " Cadillac Tax " is effective in 2018 , but it 's not clear what limits will be used to determine the premium threshold , Louisiana Medicaid funding remains intact , but the Nebraska subsidies have been removed .
Republicans are in a bit of a bind now .
Democrats can rightly characterize this legislation as a landmark " deficit reduction act " which also happens to extend health insurance coverage to 32 million people .
That leaves Republicans having to argue against extending coverage to 32 million uninsured while strongly regulating private insurers , and saving money at the same time .
For the moment , it appears they are in a deep state of denial .
Meanwhile , the SEIU has endorsed the bill , and an AFL - CIO endorsement is pending .
Either way , it 's a win for Democrats , and it looks like they 'll head toward a Sunday vote .
I went ahead and posted a bunch of my reps from Asia .
110 games in total , several against Maka and other top players as well .
Its pre patch 11 , FYI .
If anyone has questions about things you see me do repeatedly ( i try out lots of new and random stuff , so if its a once or twice or even just 3 time thing , then dont ask ) then feel free to ask and I 'll tell my reasoning or whatever .
EnjoY ~
Death is nothing to us , since when we are , death has not come , and when death has come , we are not .
~ Epicurus
yeah i am zerg only right now .
and anyone who says my play is boring , thats fine , im sorry i dont allin newbie rush every game like so many beta players lol .
learning to play the game right
Whoever calls him Boretosis has no clue how a game works ... -_-
Thanks for the replay pack , even though I'm Terran I 'll just watch it to get information about how a Zerg thinks :p!
Almost a half century has passed since architect I.M. Pei arrived in Oklahoma City with plans to remake its downtown .
And downtown has been a consistent construction zone ever since .
Pei ’s plan , which included the demolition of more than 500 buildings , was despised by the city ’s locals and outdated in the end , and met its demise in the late 1980s .
My impression ( of course I only move in limited circles , usually three times before I lie down ) is that this past Earth Day was a relatively muted celebration .
The Greenies were observing in private , while we Spoilers of the Earth were having a big old time whooping it up over tired Al Gore jokes .
So I think I ’ll pile on a little more .
But in a serious vein .
One of the most common responses I ’ve met when talking religion with non-Christians ( and liberal Christians ) is , “ I ca n’t believe in your angry God .
Your doctrine of Original Sin offends me .
My God is a God of love .
My God would never condemn a baby for something Adam and Eve did . ”
And it occurred to me , “ Well , what do environmentalists believe about sin and guilt ? ” ( of course I only move in limited circles , usually three times before I lie down ) is that this past Earth Day was a relatively muted celebration .
The Greenies were observing in private , while we Spoilers of the Earth were having a big old time whooping it up over tired Al Gore jokes .
So I think I ’ll pile on a little more .
But in a serious vein .
One of the most common responses I ’ve met when talking religion with non-Christians ( and liberal Christians ) is , “ I ca n’t believe in your angry God .
Your doctrine of Original Sin offends me .
My God is a God of love .
My God would never condemn a baby for something Adam and Eve did .
” And it occurred to me , “ Well , what do environmentalists believe about sin and guilt ? ”
By and large ( no doubt there are gradations and exceptions )
Greens seem to worship nature , at least for practical purposes .
And if they do n’t , they place supreme ethical value on treatment of the environment , in the same way a Christian reverences the commandments of the Bible .
Speaking as an outsider , I can certainly say that I come away from their sermonizing with a strong feeling of having been preached at .
So how compassionate is their “ scientific ” moral system ?
First of all , they believe in Original Sin .
They believe that every human being ( most particularly every human being in the western world ) is a miserable sinner .
By our very existence , we are consuming precious resources and generating unnecessary waste that is destroying Mother Earth .
For all the emphasis on self - esteem in our schools , students are taught a contradictory message at the same time — the message that they do n’t really deserve to be alive , and that they are killing seals and squirrels every time they turn on their Play Stations .
So they are in the condition of being sinners through their very existence .
Through birth , and not through any choice of their own .
( By the way , it fascinates me that many people who do n't accept the idea that humans are special creations of God , nevertheless insist that there is an essential difference between humans and animals , so that , although [ they insist ] humans are merely animals , nevertheless that particular animal , unlike all others , is capable of doing things that lack the “ natural ” imprimatur . )
And how is atonement to be made under the environmental sin system ?
One can reduce , re-use and recycle , but that really does n’t wash sin away .
The great Carbon Footprint hangs over the sinner ’s head his whole life long , a sin - debt he can never repay .
Even if he were to move to the woods and live off the soil , would that really settle the books ?
Even if all of us went back to nature , would that really cover over our transgression ?
Would n’t there still be too many of us , polluting the air and the earth and the water without benefit of recycling centers or sewage facilities ?
No , the only way to atone for environmental sin is to die .
But even in our coffins , sin follows .
Think of the waste of our funeral customs , and the chemicals our embalmed bodies inject into the earth !
What about cremation ?
Well , that ’s air pollution , is n’t it ?
There is no full atonement in the Green Religion .
But they do have indulgences .
Carbon credits , driving hybrid cars , solar water heaters , these help to ease the troubled conscience , so that the environmental Pharisee may say , “ Thank God I am not as other men , even this ( Re) publican . ”
The Energy Star label is the papal certificate that remits a thousand years in Purgatory .
So here is how the two religions stack up , in my opinion :
Christianity — Original sin , but full atonement available through the finished work of Christ .
Environmentalism — Original sin , with lifelong guilt and limited indulgences .
Which moral code is more tenderhearted ?
Aural # 6 – Idea Coins
Aural # 6
[ mp3 ]
[ total run time 24:53 ]
Capricorn Four – We Yo Nee
Keno – Lateduster
Jours – Carlos ( Bully Records )
Geneva Convention – Dank Chamber
Up The Coast – Freescha
000 – Zapan + Life or Death ( Click Track Version ) – Micah 9
Moonlight in Vermont – Harry Sweets Edison
Loveable Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg called his first few thousand users " dumb fucks " for trusting him with their data , published IM transcripts show .
Facebook has n't disputed the authenticity of the transcript .
Zuckerberg was chatting with an unnamed friend , apparently in early 2004 .
Business Insider , which has a series of quite juicy anecdotes about Facebook 's early days , takes the credit for this one .
The exchange apparently ran like this :
Zuck :
Yeah so if you ever need info about anyone at Harvard
Zuck : Just ask .
Zuck : I have over 4,000 emails , pictures , addresses , SNS
[ Redacted Friend 's Name ] : What ?
How'd you manage that one ?
Zuck : People just submitted it .
Zuck : I do n't know why .
Zuck :
They " trust me "
Zuck : Dumb fucks
The founder was then 19 , and he may have been joking .
But humour tells you a lot .
Some might say that this exchange shows Zuckerberg was not particularly aware of the trust issue in all its depth and complexity .
Facebook is currently in the spotlight for its relentlessly increasing exposure of data its users assumed was private .
This is nicely illustrated in the interactive graphic you can find here or by clicking the piccie to the right .
In turn , its fall from grace has made backers of the ' social media ' bubble quite nervous .
Many new white collar nonjobs created since the mid-Noughties depend on the commercial value of your output , and personal information .
( Both are invariably donated for free ) .
But there 's a problem .
Much of the data created by Web2.0rrhea is turning out to be quite useless for advertisers - or anyone else .
Marketeers are having a harder time justifying the expenditure in sifting through the Web 2.0 septic tank for the odd useful nugget of information .
Facebook 's data stash is regarded as something quite special .
It 's authenticated against a real person , and the users tend to be over 35 and middle class - the ideal demographic for selling high value goods and services .
In addition , users have so far been ' sticky ' to Facebook , something quite exceptional since social networks fall out of fashion ( Friends Reunited , Friendster ) as quickly as they attract users .
Facebook also has something else going for it - ordinary users regard it as the natural upgrade to Hotmail .
In fact , once the crap has been peeled away , there may not be much more to Facebook than the Yahoo ! or Hotmail Address
Book with knobs on : the contact book is nicely integrated , uploading photos to share easier , while everything else is gravy .
Unlike tech - savvy users , many people remain loyal to these for years . ®
Every tree in San Francisco will soon be accounted for online , thanks to a new , Wikified project that aims to plot them all .
The Urban Forest Map will officially launch Wednesday , drawing on tree information collected by the city of San Francisco and Friends of the Urban Forest , a non-profit group .
Though the project is getting its start in the Bay Area , the site will head to other major cities in the coming months .
" We 're going to publish the most up - to - date data from our data sources .
Then , from that point on , we 're going to allow the community to add and edit and update that information , " said Amber Bieg , the project manager of the Urban Forest Map project .
" It'll become a tree census from the community and function like a Wiki . "
The new website combines two trends : citizen science and local data projects .
In the past several years , sites like EveryBlock and Yelp have had tremendous success collecting and presenting information about cities from the people , businesses , and governments there .
Meanwhile , all kinds of citizen science projects have had success tracking birds and sorting through pictures from space .
While questions about the usefulness of citizen - acquired data dog some of the efforts , photographing and tagging the trees in your neighborhood may be a perfect application for citizen science .
Conducting tree surveys is expensive for local governments , costing $ 3 per tree , Bieg estimates .
" If you are LA and you have 10 million trees , you 're spending 30 million dollars , " Bieg said .
" That 's bigger than the entire urban forestry budget . "
Bieg got the idea for the project five years ago while she was planting trees in the famed North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco .
" I had this epiphany , " Bieg said .
" It was really inefficient for one individual or even a group to go out with GPS units and survey trees . "
Instead , the people of the community could survey their own trees .
So , she teamed up with ecologist Kelaine Vargas and had the online tools built that would allow everyday people to participate in a tree survey .
" It 's projected that San Francisco has hundreds of thousands of trees , and we only have 90,000 in the database , " she said .
" We 're counting on people to help us improve that data . "
Built with open - data principles in mind , all of the tree information collected will be available for city officials and developers to play with .
The better the data about trees , the easier it is to design good policies , said Kathy Wolf , a research social scientist at the National Forest Service and the University of Washington .
" Local government can introduce policy to promote urban forestry but government just does not have the resources to follow through and do the work , and that 's where these citizen mapping projects are extremely helpful , " Wolf said .
For example , in Seattle where Wolf works , " There are thousands of people , hundreds of organizations . "
But at the aggregate level , city planners and ecologists do n't know if the organizations are working together or in alignment " with any ecosystem policy . "
New York 's urban stewardship program is leading the way toward figuring out how to incorporate community data into government plans .
Bieg and Vargas said New York City could be the next place they launch the Urban Forest Map .
Image : Jon Snyder / Wired.com .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
by Jesse Galef –
Three weeks ago I moved from Washington , DC to Columbus , Ohio to become the new Communications Director for the Secular Student Alliance !
It ’s been a hectic couple of months as I had to find an apartment , move , and start work .
The job is great , and I joined just in time to drive back to DC to participate in the historic White House briefing visit .
Everything has been happening so fast ; I feel like I ’m just now getting my feet .
The hardest part of moving has been leaving people .
I ’m remarkably bad at keeping in touch with people , so I worry about what will happen .
I had to say goodbye to my girlfriend , parents , roommates , and friends .
It was n’t easy .
What ’s made the process easier was the thriving atheist community here in Columbus .
The Secular Student Alliance shares an office with Camp Quest and the Humanist Community of Central Ohio , and we all spend a good amount of time together outside of work .
I ’ve been to Central Ohioans for Rational Inquiry ’s “ Drinking Skeptically ” night , a drinking event with Omnipresent Atheists , and meetings of OSU ’s Students For Freethought ( we went drinking afterward ) .
If I had n’t learned long ago to pace myself , my liver would be threatening legal action .
I tend to be an introvert who takes a while to warm up in social settings .
But I felt welcome and comfortable walking into these groups , introducing myself , and joining them .
It put me at ease to know that the people I was meeting would likely share my values and accept me for who I am .
A thought struck me :
This must be what it feels like to have community through church .
Now we atheists are providing it for each other .
It makes me proud of our movement .
I ’m not going to isolate myself in the atheist world – I have other interests .
So far , I found a group of students who play pickup games of roller hockey and I ’m looking into the Columbus Area Boardgaming Society .
But having the atheist / skeptical / humanist community here has really made me worry less about fitting in and meeting people here in Ohio .
Of course , my story is n’t unique .
We ’ve heard countless similar stories from people who were thrilled to find group in their area for the first time .
I ’ve just never experienced it so personally , and it gave me an appreciation for what we ’re doing .
Keep up the good work , people !
The Johnson & Johnson unit that recalled millions of bottles of liquid children ’s Tylenol and other pediatric medicines last month may face criminal penalties , product seizures or other sanctions , an official from the Food and Drug Administration said Thursday .
The agency is considering further actions against McNeil Consumer Healthcare , the Johnson & Johnson unit , after a pattern of violations in manufacturing and quality control practices led to a number of recent recalls , Dr. Joshua M. Sharfstein , the F.D.A. ’s principal deputy commissioner , said at a Congressional hearing on Thursday .
On April 30 , McNeil voluntarily recalled more than 136 million bottles of liquid pediatric Tylenol , Motrin , Benadryl and Zyrtec because they may have contained too much of the active ingredient of the drug , metal specks or inactive ingredients that failed testing requirements , the agency said .
But McNeil ’s problems go beyond those related to last month ’s recall , including other forms of contamination , dating back two years .
During a session in which some committee members questioned McNeil ’s integrity , Dr. Sharfstein noted lengthy delays by the company in reporting problems to the agency .
While we 've previously expressed a cautious optimism about the 3DS ' prospects of winning a market share that 's quite as vast and varied as the original DS , and the current signs certainly seem to hint at Nintendo realising that 3D wo n't necessarily help them win over the same sort of consumer who purchased a DS , it seems that other heavy hitters amongst the Japanese industry share similar concerns .
In an interview with Japanese media outlet Nikkei , Kenji Matsubara , the CEO of Tecmo , who are arguably most famous for the Dead or Alive series of beat 'em ups , became the first Japanese games representative outside of Nintendo to pass comment on the new , Avatar - style 3D handheld .
When asked what audience he thought the 3DS was targeting , Matsubara replied :
" 3D games do n't have a sales record yet , so I do n't know .
However , I suspect it will be more accepted by core gamers rather than casual players .
When you bring something new to the market , the core player group first finds it interesting , and then it expands from there .
I believe current DS core gamers who like new things and core gamers who do n't have a DS will be the first to jump in .
After that , it will be up to the content . "
As he rightfully points out , the success of the 3DS will be entirely up to the strength of its software .
While its doubtful that the handheld will go on to be a flop , if the games do n't have the same sort of universal appeal as a Brain Training , a Professor Layton , or a Pokemon , the handheld may find its reception a lot more muted than many are expecting - at least until it finds a game that 'll entice the more " casual " players to make the leap .
Being explosive , electric fishmongers in Seattle Washington five days per week , 12 hours per day , 60 hours per week ; that 's who we are .
Member since Dec 08 , 2009 .
Last seen online 5 years , 3 months ago .
We 'd all love to have a supercomputer , but sadly , most of us will never have the chance to put that much umph in our computing .
If you happen to be in the market for a sweet little Linux box with a half - million cores or so , though , Cray may have just what you 're looking for .
On Wednesday , Cray Inc. — maker of some of the fastest supercomputers in the world — released the third - generation of its super - operating system .
What makes it so super special ?
For one , it 's Linux — and that 's always a good thing .
And Linux is at the root of one of its newest features and biggest selling points : what Cray is calling " Cluster Compatibility Mode . "
Previous versions of the Cray Linux Environment ( CLE ) have not played nicely with third - party applications — considerable cost and effort was required to port programs to utilize Cray 's proprietary communication protocol .
That is a thing of the past , however , with the Cluster Compatibility Mode in CLE 3 .
Customers can now deploy third - party applications on their Cray systems as though it were an ordinary Linux cluster — no porting required .
According to Cray 's Scalable Systems VP Barry Bolding , CLE 3 " can run our customers ' key ISV applications right out of the box . "
Offerings from a number of independent software vendors ( ISVs ) — including SIMULIA , Accelrys , and CEI — have already confirmed that their applications will run under CLE 3 without modification .
CEI President Anders Grimsrud described the Cluster Compatibility Mode as " a game - changing feature in Cray 's latest operating system , " going on to say that his company is " pleased to again be a part of the Cray computing environment for HPC . "
Another key feature of CLE 3 is its dramatically - increased scalability .
The previous version of the Cray Linux Environment could support as many as 200,000 cores — CLE 3 nearly triples that capacity , supporting upwards of 500,000 cores .
Additional performance - enhancing features have been added that allow far more fine - grained control of system resources , offering performance enhancements of as much as 10 % - 20 % .
Cray plans to begin distribution of CLE 3 on its XT6 / XT6 m line , and expand to its XT5 / XT5 m offerings before the end of the year .
Image copyright PA Image caption Brown rats opportunistic behaviour helped the species to spread quickly
Brown rats are among the most invasive mammals in Europe , according to a wide - ranging assessment .
Swiss researchers found that the creatures , along with sika deer and muskrats , were having the greatest ecological and economic impact .
The team considered a range of measurements , including the threats to native species and how widely the alien species had become established .
The findings have been published in the journal Conservation Biology .
The scientists said they had developed a scoring system that compared the impact of non-native species across the taxonomic group of mammals .
" This scoring can be used to identify the most harmful alien species , so that conservation measures to ameliorate their negative effects can be prioritised , " they wrote .
" Alien invasive species are a large threat to biodiversity and the economic damage that they cause exceeds 5 % of the global gross product . "
Scoring impacts
To develop the " scorecard " , the researchers looked at impact reports for all of the known invasive mammals found in Europe , before classifying the recorded impacts as either environmental or economic .
A better understanding of the relationship between impact scores and species traits may provide a novel method with which to predict the potential impact of a new alien mammal species Research team writing in Conservation Biology
Within the two classifications , there were a number of sub-divisions of impacts , including predation , hybridisation , transmission of diseases , and the species ' impact on agriculture .
For each criterion , the researchers awarded " impact scores " , which ranged from zero ( no known impact ) to five ( maximum possible impact ) to reach a " potential impact " score .
This was then multiplied by the percentage of area within Europe that was occupied by the invasive species to give the researchers an " actual impact " score .
The team applied the scoring system to 34 " true alien " mammal species , all of which had a native range outside of Europe .
Brown rats , sika deer and muskrats had the highest overall scores .
The brown rat ( Rattus norvegicus ) is found across Europe in all habitats except high mountain ranges .
It was believed to have been introduced in the 18th Century as maritime traffic increased .
Once introduced into an area , there is a recorded fall in other small rodent species , as well as marine and land bird species .
The main economic impact is the result of damaged crops and food stores , and damage to people 's homes .
According to the EU 's database of alien species , sika deer are described " a serious forest pest , causing significant damage to broadleaved and conifer plantations " .
The deer " ring " trees , in which they strip bark around the base of trees , causing them to die .
There have also been recorded cases of the animals carrying bovine and avian TB .
Muskrats are stocky aquatic rodents , weighing up to 1.8 kg .
Once imported for fur farming , they are found throughout continental Europe and cause extensive damage to aquatic vegetation habitats , crops , irrigation systems and dams .
The researchers said they decided to develop the scorecard because it had been proving difficult to get an overall view of what species were causing the most harm to native habitats .
" It is obviously challenging to compare the damage caused by different species , such as the carnivorous American mink and the herbivorous sika deer , " they observed .
" To overcome these obstacles , a general system of impact categories was needed , which allowed scoring and comparison of all potentially relevant types of environmental and economic impacts caused by alien species .
" A better understanding of the relationship between impact scores and species traits may provide a novel method with which to predict the potential impact of a new alien mammal species . "
The team added that the system could be applied to other taxonomic classes of species , such as birds or fish , and allow resources to be targeted towards the species that cause the most damage .
China has added strippers at funerals to its burgeoning list of proscribed activities , the BBC reports .
Bare - assed ladies are apparently deployed at rural send - offs to boost mourner numbers , since " large crowds are seen as a mark of honour " .
To show they mean business , the authorities have arrested the leaders of five striptease troupes , including two involved in a farmer 's funeral in Donghai county , Jiangsu province on 16 August , which was exposed by a Chinese TV station .
Local officials subsequently ordered an end to the traditional practice - which they dubbed " obscene performances " - and declared that " funeral plans have to be submitted in advance " , according to Xinhua news agency .
And just to make sure the ban sticks , the powers that be have set up a hotline where concerned citizens can earn cash rewards for reporting " funeral misdeeds " .
For the record , the attendance at the farmer 's farewell was estimated at 200 .
He can consider himself duly honoured . ®
Bootnote
We gather that strippers are commonly seen at Taiwanese funerals , where explicit displays are accompanied by hard - core commentary on the deceased 's virility .
Taiwanese lottery winners also hire strippers to disrobe in temples as a mark of gratitude for their good fortune .
The C of E might like to consider this practice as a way of boosting congregations .
