Back in June , 2008 , Egypt helped broker a 6 - month cease - fire agreement between Israel and Hamas , the ruling body in the Gaza Strip .
Though the cease - fire was broken several times by both sides , it largely held .
Toward the end of the cease - fire in December , Israel , while closing Gaza 's borders since November , indicated that it might extend the agreement , if Hamas ceased all Qassam rocket attacks .
Qassam rockets are the crude but deadly homemade missiles often launched towards Israeli territory ( over 3,000 times in 2008 alone ) .
Hamas leaders , angered by the blockade and seemingly little political headway made over the past 6 months , recently stepped up rocket attacks on Israel once again .
Israel has now responded with five days ( so far ) of air attacks and Naval bombardment on Gaza , resulting in over 350 dead , nearly 1,500 wounded and countless buildings and smugglers ' tunnnels destroyed .
Hamas has threatened to increase the rocket attacks send suicide bombers into Israel in retaliation , and Israel is massing troops and tanks around Gaza for a possible ground assault .
( 37 photos total
Unix Error Messages
From : ttt@ottawa ( Tom Thomassen ) =================================cut here=================================== ( % represents the csh , $ represents the bourne shell ) %
" How poorly would you rate the Unix ( so - called ) user interface ?
Unmatched " . % rm congressional - ethics rm : congressional - ethics nonexistent % ar m God ar : God does not exist % [ Where is Jimmy Hoffa ?
Missing ] . %
^How did the sex change^ operation go ?
Modifier failed . %
If I had a ( for every $ Congress spent , what would I have ?
Too many ( 's. % make love Make :
Do n't know how to make love .
Stop. % sleep with me bad character % got a light ?
No match .
% man : why did you get a divorce ?
man : : Too many arguments . % ^ What is saccharine ?
Bad substitute .
% \(- (-: Command not found . % sh $ PATH =pretending !
/ usr / ucb / which sense no sense in pretending $ drink < bottle ; opener bottle : cannot open opener : not found $ mkdir matter ; cat > matter matter : cannot create
Or , in a System V ( att ) universe : $ cat " can of food " cat : cannot open can of food
Other humor in the GNU Humor Collection .
If you 've been waiting ( and waiting ) for Plastic Logic 's ultra - durable e-reader , you 'll have to stick with recycled paper for another dozen months or so .
According to a company representative at the outfit 's CES kiosk , the device is now scheduled for an " early 2010 " release , and as expected , final pricing has yet to be determined .
Though , Mr. Joe ( seriously , that 's his first name ) did admit that it would be " competitively priced for rapid adoption " and that the company would be pushing hard to get this into corporations / enterprises .
Do n't believe us ?
The full five minute interview is there in the read link .
[ Thanks , credo ]
Carbon Nanotube Applications and Uses
The properties of carbon nanotubes have caused researchers and companies to consider using them in several fields .
The following survey of carbon nanotube applications introduces many of these uses .
Carbon Nanotubes and Energy
Researchers at Rice University are using carbon nanotube films to stop the growth of dendrites on lithium metal anodes .
This step may help develop lithium metal batteries , which could have much higher capacity and faster charging than lithium ion batteries .
Researchers at the University of Delaware have demonstarted increased energy density for capacitors with the use of carbon nanotubes in 3 - D structured electrodes .
Researchers at North Carolina State University have demonstrated the use of silicon coated carbon nanotubes in anodes for Li-ion batteries .
They are predicting that the use of silicon can increase the capacity of Li-ion batteries by up to 10 times .
However silicon expands during a batteries discharge cycle , which can damage silicon based anodes .
By depositing silicon on nanotubes aligned parallel to each other the researchers hope to prevent damage to the anode when the silicon expands .
Researchers at Los Alamos National Laboratory have demonstrated a catalyst made from nitrogen - doped carbon - nanotubes , instead of platinum .
The researchers believe this type of catalyst could be used in Lithium - air batteries , which can store up to 10 times as much energy as lithium - ion batteries .
Researchers at Rice University have developed electrodes made from carbon nanotubes grown on graphene with very high surface area and very low electrical resistance .
The researchers first grow graphene on a metal substrate then grow carbon nanotubes on the graphene sheet .
Because the base of each nanotube is bonded , atom to atom , to the graphene sheet the nanotube - graphene structure is essentially one molecule with a huge surface area .
Using carbon nanotubes in the cathode layer of a battery that can be produced on almost any surface .
The battery can be formed by simply spraying layers of paint containing the components needed for each part of the battery .
Carbon nanotubes can perform as a catalyst in a fuel cell , avoiding the use of expensive platinum on which most catalysts are based .
Researchers have found that incorporating nitrogen and iron atoms into the carbon lattice of nanotubes results in nanotubes with catalytic properties .
Read more about Carbon Nanotubes in Energy Applications
Carbon Nanotubes
In Healthcare
Researchers at Texas Heart Institute are developing a method to repair the electrical conductivity of damaged heart tissue by attaching nanotube fibers to the damaged tissue .
Researchers are improving dental implants by adding nanotubes to the surface of the implant material .
They have shown that bone adheres better to titanium dioxide nanotubes than to the surface of standard titanium implants .
As well they have demonstrated to the ability to load the nanotubes with anti-inflammatory drugs that can be applied directly to the area around the implant .
Researchers have demonstrated artificial muscles composed of yarn woven with carbon nanotubes and filled with wax .
Tests have shown that the artificial muscles can lift weights that are 200 times heavier than natural muscles of the same size .
Nanotubes bound to an antibody that is produced by chickens have been shown to be useful in lab tests to destroy breast cancer tumors .
The antibody - carrying nanotubes are attracted to proteins produced by one type of breast cancer cell .
Once attached to these cells , the nanotubes absorb light from an infrared laser , incinerating the nanotubes and the attached tumor .
Read more about Carbon Nanotubes in Medical Applicatoins
Carbon Nanotubes and the Environment
Carbon nanotubes are being developed to clean up oil spills .
Researchers have found that adding boron atoms during the growth of carbon nanotubes causes the nanotubes to grow into a sponge like material that can absorb many times it 's weight in oil .
These nanotube sponges are made to be magnetic , which should make retrieval of them easier once they are filled with oil .
Carbon nanotubes can be used as the pores in membranes to run reverse osmosis desalination plants .
Water molecules pass through the smoother walls of carbon nanotubes more easily than through other types of nanopores , which requires less power .
Other researchers are using carbon nanotubes to develope small , inexpensive water purification devices needed in developing countries .
Sensors using carbon nanotube detection elements are capable of detecting a range of chemical vapors .
These sensors work by reacting to the changes in the resistance of a carbon nanotube in the presence of a chemical vapor .
Researchers at the Technische Universität München have demonstrated a method of spraying carbon nanotubes onto flexible plastic surfaces to produce sensors .
The researchers believe that this method could produce low cost sensors on surfaces such as the plastic film wrapping food , so that the sensor could detect spoiled food .
An inexpensive nanotube - based sensor can detect bacteria in drinking water .
Antibodies sensitive to a particular bacteria are bound to the nanotubes , which are then deposited onto a paper strip .
When the bacteria is present it attaches to the antibodies , changing the spacing between the nanotubes and the resistance of the paper strip containing the nanotubes .
Carbon nanotubes tipped with gold nanoparticles can be used to trap oil drops polluting water .
Since the gold end is attracted to water while the carbon end is attracted to oil .
Therefore the nanotubes form spheres surrounding oil droplets with the carbon end pointed in , toward the oil , and the gold end pointing out , toward the water .
Carbon Nanotubes Effecting Materials
Researchers at Rice University have developed a method of depositing a film containing carbon nanotubes that can measure the strain in a structure .
The frequency of the carbon nanotubes fluorescence changes with the level of strain , allowing the strain level in a structure to be measured .
Researchers are developing materials , such as a carbon nanotube - based composite developed by NASA that bends when a voltage is applied .
Applications include the application of an electrical voltage to change the shape ( morph ) of aircraft wings and other structures .
This video from NASA gives you an idea of what a futuristic morphing aircraft might look like .
Researchers at Rice University have demonstrated a method to reduce the weight of coaxial cable for aerospace applications by using a coating of carbon nanotubes , in place of the conventional wire braid surrounding the core of the cable .
Researchers at MIT have developed a method to add carbon nanotubes aligned perpendicular to the carbon fibers , called nanostiching .
They believe that having the nanotubes perpendicular to the carbon fibers help hold the fibers together , rather than depending upon epoxy , and significanly improve the properties of the composite .
Avalon Aviation incorporated carbon nanotubes in a carbon fiber composite engine cowling on an aerobatic aircraft to increase the strength to weight ratio .
The engine cowling is highly stressed components in this aircraft , adding carbon nanotubes to the composite allowed them to reduce the weight without weakening the component .
More about Carbon Nanotubes in Materials
Carbon Nanotubes and Electronics
Building transistors from carbon nanotubes enables minimum transistor dimensions of a few nanometers and the development of techniques to manufacture integrated circuits built with nanotube transistors .
Researchers at Stanford University have demonstrated a method to make functioning integrated circuits using carbon nanotubes .
In order to make the circuit work they developed methods to remove metallic nanotubes , leaving only semiconducting nanotubes , as well as an algorithm to deal with misaligned nanotubes .
The demonstration circuit they fabricated in the university labs contains 178 functioning transistors .
Other applications in this area include :
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News website
Israel has tried to take the initiative in the propaganda war over Gaza but , in one important instance , its version has been seriously challenged .
The incident raises the question of how to interpret video taken from the air .
Israel released video of an air attack on 28 December , which appeared to show rockets being loaded onto a lorry .
The truck and those close to it were then destroyed by a missile .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
This was clear evidence , the Israelis said , of how accurate their strikes were and how well justified .
A special unit it has set up to coordinate its informational plan put the video onto YouTube as part of its effort to use modern means of communications to get Israel 's case across .
The YouTube video has a large caption on it saying " Grad missiles being loaded onto the Hamas vehicle . "
As of Saturday morning UK time , more than 260,000 people had watched it .
Different version
It turned out , however , that a 55 - year - old Gaza resident named Ahmed Sanur , or Samur , claimed that the truck was his and that he and members of his family and his workers were moving oxygen cylinders from his workshop .
Ahmed Sanur is challenging Israel 's claim that rockets were targeted This workshop had been damaged when a building next door was bombed by the Israelis and he was afraid of looters , he said .
The Israeli human rights group B'Tselem put Mr Sanur 's account on its website , together with a photograph of burned out oxygen cylinders .
Mr Sanur said that eight people , one of them his son , had been killed .
He subsequently told the Israeli newspaper Haaretz : " These were not Hamas , they were our children ...
They were not Grad missiles . " .
The Israeli response was that the " materiel " was being taken from a site that had stored weapons .
The video remains on You Tube .
But the incident shows how an apparently definitive piece of video can turn into something much more doubtful .
B'Tselem said these canisters were near the destroyed truck
It is reminiscent of an event in the Nato war against Serbia over Kosovo in 1999 .
In that case , a video taken from the air seemed to show a military convoy which was then attacked .
On the ground however it was discovered that the " trucks " were in fact tractors towing cartloads of civilian refugees , many of whom were killed .
Israel effort
The Israeli propaganda effort is being directed to achieve two main aims .
The first is to justify the air attacks .
The second is to show that there is no humanitarian calamity in Gaza .
Both these aims are intended to place Israel in a strong position internationally and to enable its diplomacy to act as an umbrella to fend off calls for a ceasefire while the military operation unfolds .
Israel has pursued the first aim by being very active in getting its story across that Hamas is to blame .
The sight of Hamas rockets streaking into Israel has been helpful in this respect .
It has also allowed trucks in with food aid and has stressed that it will not let people starve , even if they go short .
Israel appears to think its efforts are working .
One of its spokespeople , who has regularly appeared on the international media , Major Avital Leibovich said : " Quite a few outlets are very favourable to Israel . "
Ban on foreign media Israel has bolstered its approach by banning foreign correspondents from Gaza , despite a ruling from the Israeli Supreme Court .
The Arab television news channel Al Jazeera is operating there and its reports have been graphic and have affected opinion across the Arab world .
The BBC also has its local bureau hard at work .
( Update : Al Jazeera also has correspondents reporting from Gaza in English )
But the absence of reporters from major organisations has meant , for example , that Mr Samur 's story has not been as widely told as it probably would have been , or his account subject to an on - the - spot examination .
Meanwhile Israel has received good coverage of the threats and damage to its own towns and communities .
Whether Israel retains any propaganda initiative is not all certain .
Pictures of dead and wounded children have undermined its claim to pinpoint accuracy and the longer this goes on , the greater the potential for world public opinion to swing against it , with diplomatic pressure building for a cessation .
Its presentational problems would be hugely increased if it engaged in a ground operation , which would bring with it more pictures of death and destruction .
Update : several readers have e-mailed to ask whether I believe Hamas .
One said I had " bought into " Hamas propaganda .
Another that I should have dealt with Hamas ' claims : " What 's missing speaks volumes about your one - sidedness . "
I do not believe anyone 's " propaganda . "
We seek to verify all claims , from whatever source .
One of the main claims in Gaza at the moment is the serious situation for the population .
Having reported from Gaza many times over the years , I know how crowded parts of it are and how dependent the people are on food aid from the UN .
This means they have no other source of supply but equally , if the system is working , they should be getting enough to get by on .
The problem is that foreign correspondents cannot get in to establish the exact situation for themselves .
Further update : I have had several hundred e-mails about this article .
They are more or less evenly balanced between those who criticise it and those who praise it .
I think I have replied to all .
I would stress that I looked only at the Israeli side because of the new factor - Israel setting up a special unit to improve the projection of its arguments around the world .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ / caption ]
On Saturday , very little was known about the mammoth payload a Delta IV Heavy was carrying into space .
Launching from Florida ’s Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , the 70 metre - high rocket blasted into the atmosphere with a mystery satellite known only as the NROL - 26 mission .
As the acronym suggests , the mission was carrying a National Reconnaissance Office satellite .
However , a little after T+7 minutes 40 seconds , shortly after the second stage engines had fired , a media blackout prevented the world from knowing where the payload was going .
Four days on from this secretive rocket launch , what do we know about NROL - 26 ?
The Delta IV Heavy is part of Boeing ’s Integrated Defense Systems division Delta IV rocket family .
This monster of a launch vehicle can deliver 1.9 million pounds of thrust , carrying large payloads to geosynchronous orbit , some 22,300 miles ( 36,000 km ) above the Earth ’s surface .
The Delta IV was designed with military and commercial payloads in mind .
Watching the video of Saturday ’s launch , one cant help but be in awe of this rocket system .
The Delta IV Heavy carried out its second fully successful flight on that day ( the Delta IV Heavy first demonstration flight failed to reach the correct orbit in 2004 ) , placing the most expensive ( and most clandestine ) military spacecraft into orbit .
Naturally , details are rather sketchy about what the spacecraft actually is and what it is going to do , but some estimates put the total cost of the rocket plus payload at over $ 2 billion , so it is obviously a very important mission .
Once NROL - 26 successfully reached its destination ( wherever that may be ) , the satellite was renamed “ USA 202 ” .
We can say with some certainty that USA 202 is an advanced spy satellite of some description .
According to one source , the intent of USA 202 is to act as the next generation in orbital eavesdropping technology , deploying an antenna possibly as wide as 350 feet .
According to GlobalSecurity.org ( a military think - tank ) , USA 202 could be of an “ Advanced Mentor ” design .
Older versions are believed to have been launched by the National Reconnaissance Office and the Central Intelligence Agency under the code name “ MENTOR ” from 1995 to 2003 .
These satellites , in geostationary orbits , collect ground - based radio emissions using very large antennae ( some as wide as 100 metres ) .
They are also thought to be very big satellites , weighing in at over five tonnes .
Like USA 202 , these older satellites are highly classified and there is no official word confirming or denying any of the specifications .
Last weekend ’s successful Delta IV Heavy launch will come as a relief to the security services operating the top secret satellite as launches have fallen behind schedule through failures and technical challenges .
These spy satellites are critical to the White House and Pentagon , as the information gathered by USA 202 aid military decisions and shape foreign policy .
In this case , it is thought Saturday ’s Delta IV Heavy launch will enhance the ability to intercept communications from rogue states and terrorist organizations around the planet .
Let ’s hope USA 202 remains operational for its designated lifespan , as we know what happens to spy satellites that do n’t behave …
Sources : Space Flight Now , Space.com , Boeing , Florida Everyone Forgot ,
With any governmental agency , the words used in any law , regulation , rule or other declaration by the government or its agencies must be carefully scrutinized .
What may seem to be nothing more than a simple word - swap may actually be a new legal definition and one that may come back to haunt you .
Under NAIS the term [ property ] is swapped for Premises .
Property is the term used to indicate private ownership of a thing such as land or animals and is protected by rights in the Constitution .
It does signify legal ownership , and who is the legal owner and allows you access to a Civil Court and protection under the Constitution .
Premises is a term derived from the International Law of Contracts which are the international rules , for conducting business , usually corporate , whereby [ non - human entities ] are declared to be [ persons ] .
Agreeing to the redefining of [ property ] and to the conversion to premises , eliminates civil protections and redefines you as an [ legal entity ] who may or may not own the thing in question .
This also subjects you to Administrative Courts using statute and codes which are derived from the International Law of Contracts ( ILC ) and prohibits any use of rights enumerated or otherwise within the constitution .
NAIS is a contract !
Any time you sign your name to any government program you have effectively entered into a contract .
NAIS is a contractual agreement between you , the individual land owner / livestock owner , and the USDA acting as agent for the federal government , or your state agriculture department acting as agent .
Using the ILC ’s own rules , no contract is valid unless all parties are fully apprised of ALL provisions and terms of the contract .
NAIS has intentionally not revealed ALL aspects of the contract , or the real intent of the program .
This renders any attempts to mandate compliance as null and void .
Neither the government nor its agencies or agents have listed any limits with regard to any authority any or all of them may now assume or implement as a result of rule making or changes to policies , mandates and regulations .
This means you do NOT know all the terms of the contract .
Neither is NAIS an [ adhesion contract ] wherein the terms and conditions of the contract never , ever change because USDA or even Congress can change the rules and regulations at any time .
Since the USDA is a self regulating and rule making agency , in effect making its own laws and enforcing them at will , rules could be changed at a later date drastically affecting everyone who has entered into this contract .
ビックカメラの決算訂正で、上場市場の東証が監理ポスト移行を決めたことが大きなニュースになっている。このニュースに対するはてブの反応は、俺が見る限りではいささか過剰な気がしている。まるで、早晩ビックがツブれるんじゃないかとでも言いたげだ。
でも、あの（粉飾決算とされた）ライブドアでも上場廃止後も存続しているのだから、あまり神経質にならないでほしいと主張しておく。だいたい、監理ポストとはいえ上場企業である。上場企業がツブれるなどと言いふらすのはまったく根拠を欠くもので、風説の流布を問われてもしようがないとすべきだ。
こういう主旨のことを書くと、反射的に俺がビックの利害関係者であるかのように言う者がときどき現れる。そういう連中は、まったくもって馬鹿としか言いようがない。ビックの企業体質に緒論あろうとはいえ、まがいなりに彼らも雇用の創出と消費の促進（＝景気の高揚）を実践すべき企業体である。そういう企業体が本来負うべきでない不利を負わされるならば、ビジネスパーソン(笑)
の一人の立場で我慢ならないというのが率直なところなのだ。
ビックカメラの特徴の一つに、 「ポイント制」を挙げることができる。もしかすると、決算報告ミスの要件がポイント分の売上（詳細は後述）の水増しと勘違いした人も、この広い世の中にいるのではないかと危惧される。でも、ポイント制も、ビックやヨドバシ、あるいはクレジットカード会社やマイレージが売りの航空会社など、ポイント制を顧客獲得要件に使っている企業にとっての深刻な経営圧迫要因となってくるのは間違いない。
元々会計的には、ポイントでの販売分は現金が発生しないため売上に計上できず、損失扱いとなる。そのため、ポイントを扱う企業は決算のたびに「ポイント交換引当金」を費用計上して予め損失に備える。
しかしながら、2011 年に予定されている会計基準の国際化では、これができなくなってしまうのだ。具体的には、現金による売上と同時にポイント付与分を控除しておかねばならなくなる。事務手続きの上でも面倒であるのみならず、計上できる売上高もガクンと落ちることになる。それでなおかつポイントだけでモノを買われたのではたまったものではない。
ポイント制度の会計がらみの話はこの記事が詳しいので、一読をお勧めする。
昔、一部のアルファブロガー(笑 ) が
「ポイント・アグリゲーション」なるものを賛美していたことがあった。ポイントを共通化することで、どのお店でも使えるようにしようという試みである。俺は、そんなものはとんでもないとかねてから主張していた。しかしながら、残念なことにそれは着実に浸透しつつあるようだ。
むろん、それによる消費者の利便は一つの大きなメリットではある。とはいえ、お店あるいは企業の側としては、いつどこでためたかもしれないポイントを自分のところで一気に使われるリスクを常に抱えている、すなわち、損失のリスクを常に持っているということになってしまうのだ。
そんなお店や企業が、十分なサービスを納得のいく価格で提供し続けることができるだろうか。俺はできないと思う。ポイント・アグリゲーションなど、実はお店・企業にとっても我々消費者にとっても最終的には得にならない
Lose - Lose の仕組みなのだ 。
そういう焦りも、おそらくビックにはあったのだろう。むろん、だからと言えども虚偽報告などは許されるべきでない。とはいえ、必要以上に不安を煽りビックの再起のキッカケを奪わないようにしたいとは思うのである。
【追記】
めったにブクマをもらわないこの日記でブクマをいただいた。素直にありがたいと思う。この際、前エントリのようにけっこう考えて書いたもの（文体はクダけているけど）にブクマがつかないとしても気にしないでおこう。
せっかくなので、現時点でのブクマにセルクマで対応しきれない部分を付記しておく。ちなみに、上記本文もブクマに従い若干の修正を加えた。こういうふうに、ブクマに応じ内容をブラッシュアップできるのもはてなの強みだろうか。
ポイント・アグリゲーション、平易な表現をするなら「ポイント共有」は、ブクマの指摘のように企業が精算し合う方法も確かに存在する（具体的なサービス名は割愛する）。
しかしながら、それとて実際の販売から決済までの間のタイムラグがあるワケで、その間に資金がショートしてしまわないとは限らない。あるいは決済だけの用途のキャッシュを維持しておかねばならず、これも企業行動としてはいささか合理的でない。
そういう意味でも、ポイント共有は財務会計的にリスキーというのが俺の考えだ。
( CNN ) -- PetSmart is recalling seven of its Grreat Choice dog biscuit products because they contain peanut products made by a company that has been linked to a salmonella outbreak in 43 states and Canada , the Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday .
Peanut butter and peanut paste processed in a Georgia plant have been linked to an outbreak of salmonella .
Dr. Stephen Sundlof , a veterinarian who is the director of the FDA 's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition , said that the risk to animals is minimal but that people who handle contaminated treats could come in contact with the salmonella bacteria .
" It 's especially important that children wash their hands after feeding treats to pets " because the bacteria could be on the surface , Sundlof said .
Sundlof said dogs are n't immune to salmonella and in some cases could get sick .
They may be lethargic or get bloody diarrhea .
On the other hand , they may never show symptoms at all but could still carry the bacteria .
The outbreak of salmonella typhimurium has sickened at least 486 people , killing six , and has been linked to products manufactured by the Peanut Corp. of America in its Blakely , Georgia , plant .
Watch the latest on the salmonella outbreak »
PetSmart said it " is not aware of any reported cases of illness related to these products " but has removed the products from the shelves as a precautionary measure .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention officials say that of the nearly 500 people sickened , 107 have been hospitalized .
The most recent death was recorded Saturday .
The first illnesses were reported September 8 , and the most recent illness was reported January 8 .
The CDC still considers it an ongoing outbreak .
The CDC does not consider salmonella typhimurium any more virulent than any other strain .
The strain " is not more or less than we would expect in a normal outbreak , " said Dr. Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC Division of Foodborne , Bacterial and Mycotic Diseases .
The FDA had reported that some of the samples from the Georgia plant tested positive for salmonella .
On Wednesday , it said one sample was found in a crack of a floorboard near a bathroom and another was found on the floor near pallets in another room .
Neither sample tested positive for the specific strain found in the sickened people , however .
Sundlof said the lack of a match makes no difference from a regulatory point of view .
" Those salmonella are not supposed to be there .
Having salmonella in the plant is not supposed to happen , regardless if it's the same strain or not , " he said .
Peanut butter produced by Peanut Corp. in Georgia is not sold in individual jars in grocery stores , health officials say .
However , it is sold to institutions such as nursing homes , schools and cafeterias .
Peanut Corp. also produces peanut paste , which is commonly used in cookies , crackers , cake , ice cream and other products , including the Grreat Choice dog biscuits .
Peanut Corp. released a statement Wednesday stating that the company is cooperating with federal and state officials and that it " will address the agency 's findings when they are shared with us . "
" To date , we have nothing in writing from the agency that documents its findings that result from its ongoing investigation and testing onsite at our facility .
We trust that at some point they will share this with us , and PCA will respond accordingly . "
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Salmonella
Minnesota health officials were the first to link the specific strain of salmonella that made three people ill in one nursing home to an open 5 - pound container of peanut butter .
Then Connecticut health officials found the same strain in an unopened tub of Peanut Corp. - produced peanut butter .
After interviewing 57 sick people and 399 healthy people , CDC officials found " an association of illness and prepackaged peanut butter crackers in general . "
These people had consumed specific brands of products , particularly the Austin and Keebler brands , which are manufactured by the Kellogg Co. and have been recalled .
CDC officials recommend that consumers who are uncertain about a product throw out all recalled products .
They also suggest avoiding any other products they think could contain ingredients manufactured by Peanut Corp.
until they are certain they are n't being recalled .
About 125 products have been recalled .
The FDA maintains a regularly updated list at its Web site .
The Consumers Union , publisher of Consumer Reports , issued a news release calling for " President Obama to appoint a new FDA commissioner as soon as possible to address peanut butter contamination and a growing list of other food safety problems . "
All About Peanut Corporation • Food Safety • U.S Food and Drug Administration • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Charlie can you make this poster sized ?
I 'd be willing to pay for it , and I need some art in the living room .
This is a serious request .
Ricoh unveils CX1 digicam with HDR and high speed capture
Ricoh has today introduced the CX1 digicam that sports a 9 - megapixel CMOS sensor , 3 - inch LCD with 920,000 dot- pixel and a 7.1 x ( 28-200 mm , 35 mm equiv . ) zoom lens .
The new compact camera is n’t the typical Ricoh ’s roster you would normal find from the shelf , it shoots up to 120 fps high - speed images , continuously , and has the ability to perform an in - camera HDR .
Ricoh is n’t the only one that ’s pushing digicam with HDR ’s feature ; Fujifilm has unveiled a new Finepix with combine images , taken at different exposures , to expand dynamic range early this month .
We expect the HDR technology to gain popularity next in compact P&S , much likes the Face Detection and Smile Check functions we ’ve seen on nearly all of them .
Additional , the CX1 is powered by the Smooth Imaging Engine IV together with a CMOS sensor to enable high - speed image processing at lower possible noise .
The newly enhanced technology allows the Ricoh to capture 120 images , continually at VGA resolution .
The announcement covers only UK ’s release and availability from March at a suggested retail of £ 299 ( $ 430 ) .
Color option includes silver , black and bronze .
Advertisements
The days of lighting candles at sunset ended more than a century ago – in fact , most of us turn on a lamp to watch our bright TVs .
Lighting and appliances account for a quarter of household energy usage but that will soon change with eco lighting inventions like these :
LEED accredited designer , Deniece Duscheone , creates these eco-friendly luminaries using recycled materials and low - energy LEDs .
Not for the budget ecoist , the lights are available at Beckman Moore Yaki Studio in West Hollywood .
S.K.I.N. recently completed the renovation of the US Grant Hotel – a $ 56 million project .
You could just make your own LED chandelier – this one requires electrical wiring but uses a fraction of the energy .
You ’ll need 160 white lights and a few recycled wheel spokes to create this one of a kind lamp .
This little cutie is the perfect planet ( and kid ) safe night light or flashlight – and it ’s purely kinetic .
Pump the penguin ’s wing a couple minutes and you ’ll have hours of bright light .
If litroenergy technology continues to advance , we could see wall paints , throw pillows , and curtains that light up the room .
The nontoxic particles can glow in an assortment of colors , lasting at least 12 years – turning off the lamp could pose a problem if litroenergy makes it ’s way into residential lighting options .
The Energy Seed is more than an intriguing street lamp – it offers a creative way to rid the world of old alkaline batteries .
Drop your used batteries into the small holes around the top of the post and the charge that ’s left will power up the light !
This eco gadget is not just a light – it ’s a power source as well .
The small solar panels charge an integrated battery and provide enough energy to generate a bright light .
You can also plug in your mobile phone or other mobile gadgets for a recharge on the go – ideal for emergencies , camping , and power outages .
Fiber optic wallpaper is another creation that could see a place in future eco homes .
Designed by Camilla Diedrich , the luminescent wall coverings are artistic floral swirls that add a subtle hint of romance to the room .
This creative eco lighting source is still under development .
From WikiLeaks
January 8 , 2009
By Robert Laing ( The Times : On The Money )
The most interesting thing the brouhaha over the uncensored Competition Commission report on banking has brought to light is fledgling “ open source ” investigative journalism project wikileaks.org .
The website uses the same software as Wikipedia , tweaked to make whistleblowers untraceable .
The veracity of leaked documents is checked by volunteer journalists much like Wikipedia uses volunteer encyclopaedists .
Wikileaks ’s website states : “ We believe that transparency in government activities leads to reduced corruption , better government and stronger democracies .
All governments can benefit from increased scrutiny by the world community , as well as their own people .
We believe this scrutiny requires information . ”
According to Wikileaks , it created the “ unredacted ” version of the commission ’s banking report by simply downloading the version found on www.compcom.co.za and then decrypting it .
The commission claims whoever un - blacked out portions of its file transgressed South Africa ’s Electronic Communications and Transactions Act .
The commission has called for the whistleblower to be hunted down and prosecuted .
Problem is , the perpetrator may live in any country with Internet access , and courts in a more technically savvy country are unlikely to be sympathetic to an organisation that left confidential information in a freely downloadable file .
Sadly , by trying to prosecute Wikileaks , a government organisation here is again showing the “ new ” South Africa to be a country on the wrong side of the digital divide .
Wikileaks is ultimately a force of enlightenment and modernity , against which the incumbent government is simply going to look authoritarian and unenlightened .
Interestingly , instead of lauding what looks to be the most exciting citizen journalism project the Internet has produced so far , local newspaper hacks have tended to regurgitate the commission ’s line that the people behind Wikileaks are “ criminals ” who deserve to be prosecuted .
Wikileaks ’ “ About ” page explains the site is still a work in progress .
The Competition Commission ’s efforts to prosecute whoever cracked its portable document format ( pdf ) file will possibly be its first big test .
Reading the blue highlighted sections that were blacked out in the original version the Competition Commission put on its website begs the question : why was it censored in the first place ?
The report said : “ The Commission pointed out that the Enquiry would be on the record , which would be made public subject only to the protection of genuinely confidential information as provided for in the Competition Act . ”
The uncensored version shows the commission allowed the banks to remove public domain information such as price comparisons — ironic considering a key charge made by the commission is that banks obfuscate their charges .
One eye - opener is that FNB upped its ATM revenue by 11 percent after following the other banks in charging in per-R100 bands instead of a fixed percentage .
Some of the censored text is simply embarrassingly lame excuses from the banks on why their profit margins are higher than would be possible among properly competing players .
The report can be downloaded from :
http://www.wikileaks.org/leak/uncensored-competition-commission-report-on-banking.pdf
First appeared in The Times .
Thanks to Robert Laing and The Times covering this topic .
Copyright remains with the aforementioned .
Contact The Times for reprint rights .
Source document
Students in occupation at St Andrews university in Fife , Scotland ( Pic : Glasgow Palestine Human Rights Campaign )
The student movement in support of Gaza shows no sign of slowing .
Occupations , protests and campaigns continue to be a major feature on Britain ’s campuses .
Manchester university students were still involved in the longest - running of the wave of occupations as Socialist Worker went to press , having held their space for more than 20 days .
The Manchester students remain defiant in the face of one of the most hardheaded managements in the country , led by the arch - privatiser Alan Gilbert .
Privatisation and an increasingly corporate culture have undermined students ’ rights to use university space and shape their education .
Demands
Manchester university student Siobhan Brown has been involved in the occupation from the beginning .
She told Socialist Worker , “ We ’re continuing to fight the management .
People are really determined to see our demands met .
There have been new people coming to join us and we ’ve been holding meetings and stalls to remind people we ’re still here . ”
Management suggested they would meet with the student union representatives but refused to meet with elected reps from the occupation .
Students have rejected this offer .
The student union has been mandated to defend the occupation and its demands by a motion passed at a 1,000 - strong general meeting last week .
Elsewhere new occupations are starting every week .
Students at London College of Communication ( LCC ) , and at Plymouth and Cardiff universities , went into occupation this week .
A meeting of 80 students at LCC , addressed by Tony Benn , voted to occupy on Monday of this week .
LCC is part of the University of the Arts London and students from colleges throughout the university are involved .
The occupation ’s demands include scholarships for ten Palestinian students and that the college host an exhibition of art from Palestine and by artists dealing with the conflict .
Some 120 students came to a Stop the War Coalition meeting at University of East London ( UEL ) on Wednesday of last week .
An organising meeting followed where 60 students voted for occupation .
Sohrob Kamali , a first year student at UEL , told Socialist Worker , “ When the occupations started , we knew we had to have one at UEL .
“ It is a big university , very multicultural and in the heart of a diverse community .
We have made it very difficult for people to ignore us and we ’re reaching out to new people all the time .
“ We ’re in the main building and the entrance is covered with banners , as well as a huge banner hung on the bridge everyone has to walk under to get onto campus .
“ We ’ve had political meetings most days and stalls every day .
We ’re due to meet with management this week to restate our demands and negotiate fulfilling them . ”
Injustices
Even St Andrews university in Scotland – a famously conservative institution , which Prince William attended – has been touched by the new radical student mood .
St Andrews student Martin Schmierer said their occupation was about “ making a protest against all injustices ” .
The students at St Andrews went into occupation on Wednesday of last week .
They have demanded an end to investment in arms companies including BAE Systems and the establishment of an ethics committee to ensure that the university does not accept any income in the future from organisations linked to the Israeli military .
Martin explained , “ The students are organising talks every day with trade unionists and leading figures from the Stop the War movement as well as students from other universities who have been in occupation . ”
The agitation over Gaza is not just expressed through occupations .
Dundee students are running a growing campaign supporting demands of educational equipment to be sent to Gaza .
This has included passing a motion in the student union .
Dundee student Alexis told Socialist Worker , “ We ’re holding protests outside the university court meeting and demonstrating support for our Stop the War representatives when they meet with the principal later this week .
“ We are coming to the G20 protests on 28 March .
Our trades council and Stop the War group are organising transport now and we want lots of students to come along . ”
Generalised
This week the mood of resistance has generalised into other issues .
Students at Byam Shaw School of Art in London have occupied their college against cuts in budgets and workshops that have directly affected their use of facilities .
Internationally , students at New York University were met with a vicious reaction from management when they went into occupation last week .
The “ Take Back NYU ” occupation made a variety of demands – including for free education and for a condemnation by the university of the Israeli massacre in Gaza .
The students were dragged out of the occupation after a few days .
Many of those involved were expelled from their courses and banned from university grounds .
The movement here and across the world must remain strong and united .
The scale of the activism and the broadening of the issues – from Gaza , to free education and cuts – show the kind of legacy this movement can leave behind .
“ The war on drugs has been an utter failure .
( W )e need to rethink and decriminalize our ( nation ’s ) marijuana laws . ”
- Barack Obama , January 2004
( Watch the video here . )
“ I inhaled frequently , that was the point . ”
- Barack Obama , November 2006 ( Watch the video here . )
Q : “ Will you consider legalizing marijuana so that the government can regulate it , tax it , put age limits on it , and create millions of new jobs and create a billion dollar industry right here in the U.S. ? ”
A : “ President - elect Obama is not in favor of the legalization of marijuana . ”
- Statement from Change.gov , the official website of President - Elect Obama , December 15 , 2008
Okay , count me among those disappointed , but hardly surprised to see that Change.gov — the official website of the incoming Obama administration — answered the above question , which finished first out of over 7,000 public policy questions submitted to the website , in the most curt and dismissive way possible .
That said , as StoptheDrugWar.org ’s Scott Morgan writes , Obama ’s brevity is , in fact , quite telling .
As frustrating and insulting as it is to witness an important matter brushed casually to the side without explanation , Obama ’s answer actually says a lot .
It says that he could n’t think of even one sentence to explain his position .
Within the vast framework of totally paranoid anti-pot propaganda , Obama could n’t find a single argument he wanted to associate himself with .
That ’s why he simply said “ No . Next question . ”
All of this highlights the well - known fact that Obama agrees that our marijuana laws are deeply flawed .
He ’s said so , and has back - pedaled recently for purely political reasons .
If Obama ’s transition team tried to give an accurate description of his position on marijuana reform it would look like this : Q : “ Will you consider legalizing marijuana so that the government can regulate it , tax it , put age limits on it , and create millions of new jobs and create a billion dollar industry right here in the U.S. ? ” S. Man , Denton A : President - elect Obama will not use his political capital to advance the legalization of marijuana .
While he agrees that arresting adults for marijuana possession is a poor use of law enforcement resources , he believes that the issue remains too controversial to do anything about it .
In fact , Obama essentially said as much earlier this year when asked about the legalization of marijuana for medicinal purposes .
We have become extremely lazy regarding our freedoms , liberties and rights as human beings .
The “ chickens ” if you will , of that laziness have come home to roost .
Legislators pass onerous laws restricting our freedom a bit at a time , promising us that there will be “ no abuse of any new power granted to government ” over our lives .
Of course , little or most often no oversight at all , is placed upon those entities and the end results are police , state and federal agents , or even unelected bureaucrats run roughshod over the very same freedoms they have taken an oath to defend .
The income tax was a tiny fraction of what it is now and only applied to the top 1 % of income earners when it was first enacted .
They promised not to “ abuse ” that power granted , yet abuse it they did .
Your social security number was never intended for “ identification purposes ” and it was even printed on the cards themselves .
Guess how that worked out ?
Yes readers , that power was also abused .
Police have literally gutted the 4th amendment with their insane interpretation of it .
It 's called “ probable cause AND a warrant ” that makes their presence on your property legal to conduct a search , just in case you were n't keeping score .
Suppose they abused a power given to them ?
Asset forfeiture allows for the legalized robbery of the innocent with the proceeds of ill gotten swag going to the same badge wearing robbers who took the property .
Guilt does n't even come into play as people who lack the means to sue to get back their property are out of luck .
Did n't they say that they 'd also not abuse that power given to them as well ?
Problems created by government are made even worse by those entrusted to “ cure ” said ills .
If anyone requests power over you and banks upon your continued ignorance of their past performance regarding the protection of your liberties , when they tell you that they will never go overboard on their newfound power .
You can rest assured that they are lying as well as playing you for a big chump .
They do not feel as though they owe you the truth because they actually hold you in contempt .
You are good enough to keep them employed and out of dumpsters digging for scraps , and they have the nerve to look down their noses at us .
What did you expect from these people anyway ?
Do you still feel like trusting them with more of your freedoms and think they 'll act differently ?
With Liberty ,
Dan Steward
President Obama has laid out the most ambitious and expensive domestic agenda since LBJ , and now all he has to do is figure out how to pay for it .
On Tuesday , he left the impression that we need merely end " tax breaks for the wealthiest 2 % of Americans , " and he promised that households earning less than $ 250,000 wo n't see their taxes increased by " one single dime . "
This is going to be some trick .
Even the most basic inspection of the IRS income tax statistics shows that raising taxes on the salaries , dividends and capital ...
The Catholic Church a body that has been staunchly opposed to the death penalty does not want to include international protections by the United Nations for gay people who face death penalty charges in countries where homosexuality is illegal .
The Vatican is voicing opposition and plan to go against the French proposal that is introducing this piece of human rights resolution .
" This week the Vatican 's permanent observer to the United Nations , said the Holy See would oppose a resolution that would protect gays from being killed , just because they are gay because it would " add new categories of those protected from discrimination " and could lead to reverse discrimination against traditional heterosexual marriage .
The French resolution , scheduled to be proposed this week , recommends protecting Gays and Lesbians from being jailed or killed because of their sexual orientation and is being introduced to the UN on behalf of the European Union .
But Archbishop Celestino Migliore said , if adopted , the resolution would create “ new and implacable discriminations , " and also said that states which do not recognize same - sex unions as ' matrimony ' will be pilloried and made an objects of pressure .
However , the French resolution , which is supported by all 27 members of the European Union , says absolutely nothing about gay marriage ; it is about ending jail and death penalty sentences gays yet face in more than 85 countries including Afghanistan , Iran , Saudi Arabia , Sudan and Yemen where you can still be killed for being gay . " ( LGR )
Permanent Observer Mission of the
Holy See to the United Nations
This is so disgusting and hypocritical of the Church .
They are against the death penalty but do n't want to be on the record opposing it for gays and lesbians ?
25 East 39th StreetNew York , NY 10016-0903 Tel : ( 212 ) 370-7885 Fax : ( 212 ) 370-9622
( CNN ) --
In his first public remarks since delivering his victory speech three days ago , President - elect Barack Obama vowed Friday that restoring the nation 's economic equilibrium will be a priority of his administration .
President - elect Barack Obama takes questions from reporters Friday in his first post-election news conference .
" I do not underestimate the enormity of the task that lies ahead , " Obama told reporters at the Hilton Hotel in Chicago , Illinois .
" We have taken some major action to date , and we will take further action . "
Obama said that passing a stimulus package will be his first move if the lame - duck Congress fails to do so before he takes office January 20 .
" It 's not going to be easy for us to dig ourselves out of the hole that we 're in , " he said , flanked by Vice President - elect Joe Biden and members of his transition economic advisory board .
" But America is a strong and resilient country , and I know that we will succeed if we put aside politics and partisanship . "
Obama pointed to Friday 's release of unemployment figures and bad news from the auto industry as part of the reason that his administration will have to move quickly on the economic crisis .
Watch Obama lay out his economic plan »
" We are facing the greatest economic challenge of our lifetime , and we are going to have to act swiftly to solve it , " Obama said .
Obama expressed gratitude to President Bush for his invitation to White House and the promise the outgoing leader has made to keep him fully informed about the state of the nation .
Obama said he would work together with Bush in bipartisan spirit to help the country move forward .
Responding afterward to the news conference , one GOP lawmaker said he was " encouraged by Barack Obama 's idea that it is time to put the partisan politics aside and work to help us all . "
" We have a difficult situation in front of us , and it is impacting individuals at the heart of their being , " Sen .
Tom Coburn , R - Oklahoma , said on CNN .
Obama said after assuming office he would " confront this economic crisis head - on by taking all necessary steps to ease the credit crisis , help hard - working families and restore growth and prosperity . "
Watch Obama talk about help for the middle class »
" We need a rescue plan for the middle class that invests in immediate efforts to create jobs and provide relief to families that are watching their life savings disappear . "
He vowed to extend unemployment benefits for workers , to help families avoid foreclosure and to aid small businesses and strapped state and municipal governments as well as the U.S. auto industry , which has been pounded by plummeting sales .
" The auto industry is the backbone of American manufacturing , " he said , promising that his transition team will work to " help the auto industry adjust . "
On Friday , General Motors Corp. , the nation 's largest automaker , reported a huge loss much worse than expected -- $ 4.2 billion -- and warned it 's in danger of running out of cash in the coming months .
Ford Motor Co. also reported Friday a $ 3 billion operating loss in the latest quarter .
The Labor Department 's monthly jobs report Friday showed that the economy shed 240,000 jobs in October , bringing the year 's total job losses to 1.2 million .
The unemployment rate climbed from 6.1 percent to 6.5 percent , the highest it has been since March 1994 .
On the foreign affairs front , Obama reiterated that he believes a nuclear - armed Iran would be " unacceptable , " but he said any U.S. response to Tehran would not be in a " knee - jerk fashion . "
Obama said he would help mount an international effort to keep Iran from becoming a nuclear threat .
iReport.com :
What 's your message for Obama ?
Obama said he would move with " deliberate haste " to fill his Cabinet posts .
Earlier Friday , a source involved in the Cabinet gathering process said Obama is considering a mix of Washington insiders and high - profile business executives to head Cabinet positions .
Interest in the makeup of Obama 's economic team is high .
CNNMoney.com : Obama 's business brain trust
Before the press conference , Obama and Biden met with a 17 - member council of economic advisers .
Among the panelists were former Treasury Secretaries Lawrence Summers and Robert Rubin , former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker and billionaire businessman Warren Buffett .
" This is one of the first times that I can remember that the secretary of the Treasury is going to be almost as important as the secretary of state , " said CNN senior political analyst David Gergen , who served in the Reagan and Clinton administrations .
Names circulating for the treasury secretary position include Timothy Geithner , Summers and Volcker .
Possible appointees for Obama 's administration »
For secretary of state , Sen . John Kerry , D - Massachusetts , is high on the list , said the source involved in the process .
Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut , a former presidential candidate who later endorsed Obama in the Democratic primaries ; New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson ; and former U.N. Ambassador Richard Holbrooke also are interested in the job , the source said .
iReport.com : Who should be in Obama 's Cabinet ?
For defense secretary , indications are the current defense chief , Robert Gates , will stay " for a certain period , " the source said .
Gates , the former CIA director under President George H.W. Bush , has received bipartisan praise for his leadership at the Pentagon in the last two years .
Watch how Obama 's inner circle is taking shape »
Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano is said to be a " very real possibility " for U.S. attorney general , the source said .
For secretary of commerce , Leon Panetta , former White House chief of staff in the Clinton administration ; Chicago businesswoman Penny Pritzker ; University of California economist Laura Tyson ; and Time Warner Chairman Dick Parsons are all under consideration , according to the source .
Time Warner is the parent company of CNN .
Obama on Thursday named U.S. Rep. Rahm Emanuel of Illinois as his chief of staff .
Watch to see who Emanuel is »
A source with the Obama transition team said a plan to name David Axelrod a senior adviser to the incoming president is " in the works . "
Observers believe Robert Gibbs , the communications director for Obama 's presidential campaign , will become the presidential press secretary .
Obama won the presidency with 364 electoral votes -- nearly 100 more than needed .
On Friday , CNN projected Obama the winner in North Carolina , which has 15 electoral votes .
CNN 's Candy Crowley , Gloria Borger , Suzanne Malveaux , John Helton , Kristi Keck and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. Presidential Election
Chris Cillizza asks a qustion : Is Rush Limbaugh the New Face of the GOP ? .
" The party is in transition , " said Ed Rogers , a Republican lobbyist and close ally of Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour .
" Our leaders have not found their voice or direction .... Limbaugh is filling a vacuum in a world that requires a constant media counter - point . "
While there is nearly unanimous agreement with Rogers 's sentiment that Limbaugh is filling a void left by the departure of former President George W. Bush from the scene , whether that is a good or a bad thing remains a point of considerable contention among party strategists .
" Rush is a double - edged sword , he cuts both ways " said Phil Musser , a Republican consultant and former executive director of the Republican Governors Association .
" Sometimes you love him , sometimes you cringe at his impolitic ( he 'd say honest ) fusillados . "
John Weaver , a former senior aide to Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , said that Republicans must be careful not to allow their Democratic rivals to paint them all with the brush of Limbaugh .
" The Democrats and the far left will do all they can to grab electoral turf , " said Weaver .
" And one sure way to do it is take some of the most controversial voices on the extreme right -- like Limbaugh and [ Alaska Gov. Sarah ] Palin -- and try to insist they speak for all members of the center / right movement . "
Whether Limbaugh continues to play as prominent a role as the GOP attack dog against Obama remains to be seen .
If history is any guide , he will .
Limbaugh -- along with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ( Ga. ) -- is credited with leading the Republican revolt that brought about the 1994 wave election and his near - constant agitation against former President Bill Clinton is well - known .
Put simply : Limbaugh is n't going anywhere any time soon .
And his voice -- and influence -- may well get stronger with the GOP out of power .
Is that a good thing or a bad thing for Republicans ?
Time will tell .
Are you among the 37 million Americans who have sinus problems each year ?
If so , there 's a lot you can do at home that can make a difference .
Even better , many of these things are simple and inexpensive .
First , it 's crucial to figure out why you have sinus problems , says Jordan S. Josephson , MD , a Manhattan ear - nose - throat specialist and author of Sinus Relief Now .
" Allergies are a fairly common reason for sinus problems , " he says .
The kinds that affect the nose include hay fever and indoor allergies .
Other reasons ?
" A dry nose leads to more sinus problems , " says Richard F. Lavi , MD , an allergist in Twinsburg , OH .
" Nasal dryness leads to congestion , thickened mucus , and worsened sinusitis . "
Whatever the trigger , you can pick and choose from these five tips , or try all of them .
Nokia is developing a device to link mobile phones to home automation systems .
Using a mobile phone consumers will be able monitor and control security , heating , and ventilation systems via its gateway Home Control Center , Nokia announced on Thursday .
With appropriate equipment , users will be able to see who is ringing the doorbell at home , via the mobile phone .
They can then talk to the person , and for example open the door to a handyman , according to Nokia .
Nokia 's first systems are expected to become commercially available by the end of 2009 , said Toni Sormunen , director for the Smart Home Program at Nokia .
The heart of the Nokia system is the Home Control Center ( HCC ) , a piece of hardware which will act as gateway between different systems for home automation and the mobile phone , or any device that is equipped with a browser .
Phones will talk to the HCC via an Internet connection or Wi-Fi .
Nokia has developed a native client for phones running its Symbian S60 software , and a browser - based client for other devices .
Using the native client users will be able to plug the phone into the HCC with a USB cable , and everything is installed automatically .
The native client will also be more responsive , and users wo n't have to log in when they access their HCC , according to Kari Rantanen , director of sales and marketing at Nokia 's Smart Home Program .
The HCC will then be able to talk to security , heating , and ventilation systems via home automation systems .
Nokia will initially support only one , Z - Wave , but is opening up its system to enable partners to implement support for other home automation technologies such as ZigBee or KNX ( Konnex ) .
It chose to start with Z - Wave because the number of available products .
The members of the Z - Wave Alliance have already introduced 300 products to the market , according to Sormunen .
It will also be up to third parties to integrate different solutions with the HCC , using an SDK ( Software Development Kit ) , which at this point is only available to selected partners under a non-disclosure agreement , according to Rantanen .
" Partnering is very important .
We understand our limitations ; we are good at creating communication technologies , embedded devices and software platforms , " said Sormunen .
Nokia is currently working with German energy company RWE to distribute the system .
Their first joint product will focus on home heating management , and be sold by RWE to its customers by the end of next year .
The system will consist of a central control unit together with remote - controlled thermostats for radiators .
The user interface will be the PC and the mobile phone .
In addition , a separate display will be available , according to Nokia .
Nokia is also working with a number of other companies , including Zen-sys , the inventor and manufacturer of chips for Z - Wave , and Delta Dore , which develops energy management , safety and control systems .
" This is an interesting market , " said Sormunen .
" There is a consumer interest and need , and the technology is maturing . "
Equipment prices are coming down as the technology becomes more common -- but success wo n't come overnight ; it is still a few years away , said Sormunen .
The Finnish phone giant is far from the only company that wants to be the center of home automation systems .
" Nokia have been quick on its feet , but there are other companies who are doing similar things , " said Johan Str å kander , marketing manager at Swedish company Manodo , which has developed a home automation gateway of its own .
But Nokia entering the market is giving it stamp of approval , according to Str å kander .
The joy of Nerf - play never fades .
But the older you get , the sillier you look shooting toy guns .
Modify a Nerf gun to shoot as fast as a machine gun , and you 've got a different story .
That 's what a pair of hackers – Eli and Aaron at ManaPotions – sought out to do .
They modified a Nerf chaingun to spit out 500 rounds per minute by increasing its voltage .
And on top of that , they added a round counter and gave the gun a paint job .
That 's some serious horsing around .
The hack cost them about $ 80 ; they provide an entire how - to on their site .
Check out the video below the jump .
[ via Engadget ]
Photo : ManaPotions
Danger : Solar Panels Can Be Hazardous to Your Health
January 14th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
It ’s easy to think that solar panels can do no wrong — after all , they will help lead us out of our energy crisis , right ?
Unfortunately , these shining beacons of hope produce toxic e-waste just like cell phones , TVs , and computers .
A report released today by the Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition admonishes the solar industry to face its e-waste problem head on or risk “ repeating the mistakes made by the microelectronics industry . ”
The SVTC warns that solar panel production creates many of the same toxic byproducts as those found in semiconductor production , including silicon tetrachloride , dusts , and greenhouse gases like sulfur hexafluoride .
These byproducts are n’t anything to scoff at — silicon tetrachloride , for example , makes land unsuitable for growing crops .
And for each ton of polysilicon produced , four tons of silicon tetrachloride are generated .
There are steps that the solar industry can take to minimize toxic risks , however .
The SVTC recommends that manufacturers test materials for toxicity before using them .
Additionally , the group asks manufacturers to ramp up takeback programs .
But getting solar panel manufacturers to take back their products after 25 years ( the average lifespan of silicon - based panels ) could prove difficult , especially since other electronics manufacturers that make products with much shorter lifespans ca n’t get their takeback programs off the ground .
The only way manufacturers will aggressively pursue recycling and anti-toxicity campaigns is if we stop giving the solar industry a free pass and start demanding accountability .
Photo Credit : CC - licensed by flickr user David Boyle
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Pimp out your profiles day and night with these new Friendster , Facebook and Hi5 layous , comments , graphics and widgets !
Many thousands to choose from in many different categories , including all the cool stuff populating this page .
Simply follow the link tags on the left side of every page or the category links on the right side of this page to find the perfect layout , comment , graphic or widget for you or a friend .
Free MySpace & Facebook Graphics
Scores of cool new graphics for your Hi5 or Myspace profile , blog or website .
Free MySpace & Facebook Layouts
PimpmaSpace has over 15,000 MySpace & Facebook layouts separated into countless categories for easy navigation and selection .
We are always looking for new layouts , comments , codes , graphics and pics to include on our website .
If you would like to suggest a good source of Facebook layouts , comments , codes , graphics and pics , or if you have content of your own to contribute to this site , please contact us here .
PimpmaSpace is in no way , shape or form related or affiliated with Facebook.com , MySpace.com or any other social networking site mentioned within these pages .
Images and tools used on this site are user submitted .
All artwork seen on this site is copyrighted to its respective owners .
If you find your work on this site without permission and wish to have it removed please contact us .
Generated in 0.0035400390625 seconds
new world order , old world news
Every New World Order conspiracy you hear today can trace its roots to an infamous French hoax .
Poster promoting Leo Taxil ’s Satanic hoax book
One of the earliest conspiracy theories and perhaps the granddaddy of them all is the New World Order also known as a One World Government .
Its numerous proponents claim that groups like the Freemansons and the Builderbergs use influential and powerful people to change the world .
They create entities like the Trilateral Commission and a virtual alphabet soup of acronyms like the UN , the EU , the IMF , the WTO .
All of these organizations are supposed pawns in the scheme to subjugate the world through war , intimidation , jingoism and trampling on human rights for the benefit of a select few at the top of the secret hierarchies of world rulers .
This view is very contradictory to how many of us are conditioned to think about the new world order .
Utopian science fiction stories present a New World Order as a good thing .
After enough conflict and chaos , write many sci- fi authors , humans realize that they ’ll accomplish far more together than apart and the entire species binds together to work as a finely tuned machine .
In just a few years , war is a thing of the past .
Poverty is stamped out .
Hundreds of diseases which thrive in slums and poor rural areas today , go extinct .
Crime rates plunge .
R&D budgets swell and manufacturing surge as humanity builds its new cities and a fleet of spacecraft designed to travel in deep space , answering our most existential questions .
The One World Government of sci- fi literature is a powerful tool for good and the next stage of our evolution as a civilization .
Its a mechanism that emerges when we overcome tribalism and nationalism to start thinking of ourselves as human beings first and foremost .
So why is the New World Order of conspiracy theories so downright evil ?
Believe it or not , that has to do with the theory ’s origins in Biblical literature and the infamous Leo Taxil Hoax .
To properly tell the story , we need to start with a French tabloid journalist Marie Joseph Gabriel Antoine Jogand - Pags .
Unwilling to write all that , he adopted the pen name Leo Taxil and used his writings to lash out at the Catholic Church for which he had very little love .
In late 19th century Europe , the Freemasons were treated with a great deal of animosity since the country ’s elites pinned the responsibility for the American Revolutionary War and the French Revolution on the elite gentlemens club that evolved from a stone masons union which often worked on churches financed by the Knights Templar .
Some popes said that the Masons were Satanic because they didnt care for the authority of the Vatican and leaned towards Deism .
Taxil decided to play a trick on the Catholic animosity towards the Freemasons and concocted the character of a woman by the name Diana Vaughan in a book about Satanism .
Vaughan was supposedly involved with the Masons to such an extent that she knew many of their innermost secrets .
She met incarnate demons summoned by Masons during their black masses .
She saw a secret factory in the arctic where anti-Church and pro-Satan propaganda was being printed for all the world to see .
Lodge masters talked to her about their plan to unite the world under a pure Luciferian doctrine .
Despite how bizarre and outlandish as those claims were , the Pope Leo XIII gave them credence and promoted them as warnings about Satanists hinding among good , God-fearing people .
You see , before writing the book , Taxil underwent a public conversion to Catholicism , swearing to repair the damage to the faith he did with the tabloids about popes and their indulgences he covered in great detail before .
His books were seen as a genuine investigative work and with the existing disdain for everything Masonic , people wanted to believe it .
Knowingly or not , Taxils Devil in the Nineteenth Century played on two lines of Revelations 13 from which the concept of the anti-Christ arose .
13:7 — And it was given unto him to make war with the saints , and to overcome them : and power was given him over all kindreds , and tongues , and nations .
13:8 — And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him , whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world .
Finally , Taxil assembled an audience of thousands including high church officials to introduce Diana Vaughan to the world .
Instead he came up to the stage and announced that hes taken all who were gathered for a ride , sharing his amazement that so many people could fall for claims this wild and thanking the church for giving him so much promotion and credibility .
With that , he bowed and left the stunned audience .
But his hoax didnt die .
In fundamentalist religious circles , it ’s still seen as proof of all sorts of nefarious groups who want to unite the world and summon Satan to rule over all of humanity .
As new clubs and societies were created for wealthy and influential people who wanted to meet in private and share all kinds of ideas with each other , they were lumped with the caricature of demonic Freemasons and their agenda was immediately assumed to be sinister .
This is a part of why many archconservatives fear a New World Order .
Conspiracy theorists of recent times have taken this fear and spun it to include governments they didnt trust , corporations they didnt like and alien rumors by which they were fascinated .
All the ingredients for the theory were there since 120 AD when a Christian exile who adopted the name of John wrote Revelations to channel his hatred for the Roman Empire and his dream of how it would be defeated by the forces of God .
Many writers since the 1500s tried their hand at spreading rumors about a potential New World Order conspiracy and there was quite a bit of literature floating around in peoples minds .
The timing of major world events , the presence of a prominent private club which counted the wealthy and powerful among its members was an explosive combination waiting for a spark to reach its flashpoint .
And that exactly what Taxils hoax was and the great New World Order conspiracy theory grew from there .
As a long - time aficionado of the original Star Trek series , it 's always exciting for me when I hear that Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock are going to make a reappearance on the big screen .
Although it 'll be a bit strange without William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy running the show , what recourse is there ?
We 've got the next generation playing the previous one .
Anyway , in the trailer we get a glimpse of the juvenile origins of the future Captain Kirk 's daredevil thrill - seeking persona , not to mention his incredible physical prowess .
In the scene in question we see young James T. leap out of his classic convertible sports coupe moments before it projects itself off of a several - thousand - foot precipice .
James saves himself by gripping the sandy ground and pulling himself to a stop just as he reaches the edge of the cliff .
Just for fun , we are going to apply a little physics and do a couple of quick back - of - the - envelope calculations to demonstrate how truly formidable the young Kirk really is .
Our program will be to estimate a ) the speed at which the car goes off the edge b ) the speed of Kirk as he starts his slide towards the cliff and c ) how much force he is going to have to apply to the road to bring himself to a stop at the brink .
Now this one is going to be a little bit quantitative , so for all of you physics aficionados out there ... here we go .
We see the car 's speedometer approaching 80 miles per hour ( 36 meters per second ) in the trailer , so let 's estimate that the car is moving at that speed when it goes into its slide .
The car appears to be about 30 meters from the edge when it starts skidding through soft dirt and sand .
According to Newton 's Second Law we get :
Fnet = Ffriction = µmg = ma
where the acceleration of the car is completely due to the friction force .
M is the mass of the car , g is equal to the acceleration due to gravity ( 9.8m / s2 ) , µ is the coefficient of sliding friction between sand and tires ( 0.5 at most ) , and a is the acceleration of the car .
Solving for a we get :
a = µg = ( 0.5 ) ( 9.8m/s2 ) = 4.9 m/s2
If we assume a relatively constant acceleration then
a = ( v2 \- v02 ) /2x
where v0 = 36m/s , a = - 4.9 m/s2 and x = 30 m .
Solving for v we find that the car goes over the cliff at a speed v = 32 m/s .
Now the scene does a nice job of showing relative motion between the car , Jim , and the ground .
When Kirk jumps off the car , although he is moving backwards relative to the car , he 's also still moving forward relative to the ground .
A professional basketball player can jump with an initial liftoff velocity of few meters per second , so let 's generously give Kirk an initial takeoff speed of 4 m/s .
But even so he 's still moving at a speed of 32m / s - 4m /s = 28 m/s towards the edge !
And he 's only at most about 5 meters away when he jumps .
In order to come to a stop in that distance Kirk will have to accelerate at a rate of
a = ( v2 \- v02 ) /2x = ( 0 - 28m/s)2/2(5.0m ) = 78 m/s2
requiring a force of
Fnet = Ffingers = ma
and assuming that the young Kirk has a mass of around 50 kg we get
Ffingers = ma = ( 50kg ) ( 78m/s2 ) = 3900 Newtons ( or 877 pounds )
So what does all of this mean ?
It means that since the only thing (s ) slowing him down are his fingers digging into the ground , James T. Kirk will have to exert a force of almost 900 pounds with those fingers to stop from being flung over the precipice .
Although Dr. McCoy could never pull that one off , it is Captain Kirk after all .
Or at least he will be Captain !
Adam Weiner is the author of Do n't Try This at Home !
The Physics of Hollywood Movies .
Hello !
It 's about time we had another one of these threads again , since the last two were most excellent exercises in remembering and showing our most cherished moments from games past and present .
The most important thing you need to remember is this : PLEASE DON'T FEEL THAT YOU NEED ANY SKILL TO PARTICIPATE .
Most people prefer the more dodgy drawings , and if we were having an actual art contest other paint programs could be used too .
It 's all about remembering the games we 've played and what we think makes them awesome .
For me , last year was dominated pretty much by one game and its final bossfight ( if you can't see it , try clicking here ) :
If anyone needs some rules laid down , here we go : MSPaint or some Mac equivalent only .
Graphics tablets are fine since I use them .
Spoilers are okay as long as they 're not likely to cause a huge backlash in the thread ( use your own judgement . )
You can always just link to the image instead of posting it in the topic if you 're unsure .
Anyway ,
Though Barack Obama is offering record tax cuts this year as part of a new stimulus package , make no mistake -- taxes will rise substantially in the next decade .
The reason is simple :
As 76 million baby boomers hit their rocking chairs , we 're poised to double the number of seniors on Social Security and Medicare .
We 've already got $ 50 trillion in unfunded liabilities in these and related programs .
There 's no way to make the math work at current levels of taxation .
Do n't ...
I 've posted a few times over the years about Greg Fleischut , an insanely - talented teenage musician I know .
For the last two years , Greg has been gigging around San Francisco with his indie rock band Audiophiles , but his mom just dug up this video from two years ago that reveals Greg 's acoustic roots .
At the time , Greg was visiting with a couple musician pals in Massachusetts — Etienne Cremieux and Eric Oliver — and , of course , they got to jamming , with Etienne on mandolin and Greg ( left ) and Eric ( right ) on geetar .
It is absolutely incredible , like speed metal bluegrass .
The boys were 15 at the time .
Sam Kinison : Unleashed ! , features three acts from different parts of Sam ’s career .
“ Breaking the Rules ” was filmed in 1987 and shows Sam on the stage with his beret , microphone and gargantuous scream .
He tears through classic bits such as being married twice and the life of Jesus Christ .
“ Family Entertainment Hour , ” filmed in 1991 , shows a ‘ clean ’ Sam ( off cocaine , according to him ) with a rock band , walking wife Malika and her sister Sabrina around on leashes .
Here he tackles subjects such as rap music sucking ( right before introducing rapper Ice T in the crowd ) and how bad TV sucks .
Die hard fans of Sam Kinison will buy this DVD but wo n’t find much new here , but casual fans will enjoy some vintage Sam .
Anyone who has heard any of Sam ’s four cds – Louder Than Hell ( 1986 ) , Have You Seen Me Lately ? ( 1988 ) , Leader of the Banned ( 1990 ) and Live From Hell ( 1993 ) – will certainly hear some of the same jokes on this DVD .
The bonus material is a poorly filmed set ( sometimes with inaudible audio ) of Sam lazily doing some of the very same jokes from the two other features .
Overall , though , for a man who has been dead for 17 years , Kinison ’s voice was loud enough to echo into 2009 .
More Sam news …
Variety reported back in November that HBO is making Brother Sam , a Sam biography .
Dan Fogler , of the movie Balls of Fury , is set to star .
Here is his audition :
Al Jazeera is releasing 12 broadcast quality videos today shot in Gaza under Creative Commons ’ least restrictive Attribution license .
Each professionally recorded video has a detailed information page and is hosted on blip.tv allowing for easy downloads of the original files and integration into Miro .
The value of this footage is best described by an International Herald Tribune / New York Times article describing the release :
In a conflict where the Western news media have been largely prevented from reporting from Gaza because of restrictions imposed by the Israeli military , Al Jazeera has had a distinct advantage .
It was already there .
More importantly , the permissive CC - BY license means that the footage can be used by anyone including , rival broadcasters , documentary makers , and bloggers , so long as Al Jazeera is credited .
There ’s more information over at Al Jazeera ’s CC repository , and in our press release .
You can also add the Al Jazeera repository to your Miro feeds by clicking here .
World ’s Largest CIGS Thin -Film Solar Array Goes Live
December 4th , 2008 by Timothy B. Hurst
On occasion , we will write headlines praising developments in things like the ‘ the world ’s first tidal power turbine ‘ or ‘ the world ’s largest offshore wind farm . ’
To set the record straight , we do n’t do this only for the purposes of sensationalist self - aggrandizement , we also do it because there are really some exciting developments in the fast - moving world of cleantech ; such language is normally apropos .
Global Solar Energy announced Wednesday the full operation of the largest solar electric array worldwide using CIGS photovoltaic technology .
CIGS , or copper indium gallium diselenide thin - film solar cells are not dependent on silicon and instead use highly - available raw materials that are easily integrated into a wide range of applications .
The 750 - kilowatt system , located at Global Solar Energy ’s Tucson , Arizona , manufacturing facility , features a ground - mounted solar array consisting of 6,600 thin - film solar cells generating more than 1.1 million kilowatt - hours of renewable electricity annually .
Owned , operated , and financed by MMA Renewable Ventures , the plants power will be sold to Global Solar under the terms of a long - term commercial financing agreement .
Thin - film solar tends to be less efficient with a shorter lifespan .
But where thin - film lacks in longevity and efficiency it excels in price per watt .
Offering cost and manufacturing advantages , CIGS thin - film is poised to become a leading solar technology .
Needless to say , officials from the partnering companies were pretty jazzed about the project — and rightfully so .
“ This new solar system solidifies the vitality and longevity of CIGS technology in the thin - film space , ” said Mike Gering , president and CEO of Global Solar .
The array will provide about 25 % of the manufacturing facility ’s electricity needs , offsetting 30,000 tons of carbon dioxide over its expected 25 - year lifetime .
Follow Tim Hurst on twitter
Images courtesy of MMA Renewable Ventures
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The American Life League has finally discovered the secret , immoral ingredient that makes Krispy Kreme doughnuts so very addictive : fetuses .
And they are not happy .
Advertisement
Having been tipped off to Krispy Kreme 's dastardly scheme to make their doughnuts even more addictive than abortion on demand by their insidious use of the word " choice " in a recent free promotion , American Life League president " Not Downtown " Judie Brown had this to say :
The next time you stare down a conveyor belt of slow - moving , hot , sugary glazed donuts at your local Krispy Kreme , you just might be supporting President - elect Barack Obama 's radical support for abortion on demand - including his sweeping promise to sign the Freedom of Choice Act as soon as he steps in the Oval Office , Jan. 20 .
Advertisement
It 's all part of their plan !
More abortions means more Krispy Kremes , and more of this nation 's souls will be eaten away along with their arteries !
In fact , Krispy Kreme is offering Americans " a free doughnut of choice " on Tuesday , signifying , obviously , that their doughnuts are made possible only through choice , which obviously only means abortion , which Barack Obama is going to make every man , woman and child in this country have when he takes the mantle of the Presidency in order to promote Krispy Kreme hegemony over Dunkin Donuts .
Brown continues :
A misconstrued concept of ' choice ' has killed over 50 million preborn children since Jan. 22 , 1973 .
Does Krispy Kreme really want their free doughnuts to celebrate this ' freedom . '
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Freedom is n't really free , people , it takes thousands and thousands of aborted , dried up and reconstituted fetuses to make a single box of Krispy Kremes , and the American Life League is determined to stop this abomination !
We challenge Krispy Kreme doughnuts to reaffirm their commitment to true freedom - to the right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness - and to separate themselves and their doughnuts from our great American shame .
Advertisement
But how will they taste so delicious if they separate themselves from shame ?
Shame , and abortion , is what makes them so delicious !
Pro-Life Group up in Arms over Krispy Kreme 's Abortion Doughnuts [ Miami New Times ]
Another display of transphobia has occured , this time in Appleton Wisconsin demonstrating how vital it is to have a non-discrimination law which protects gender variance .
" An Appleton transgendered woman filed a lawsuit against a College Avenue club , after she says she was denied entrance due to her gender identity .
The complaint says Sierra Broussard , was n't allowed admittance because " The employee or owner of Park Central then suggested to Sierra , while in a public forum , that she go to another club , one that caters to " her kind " ( Womanist Musing ) .
Contact the club and let them know that transphobia is unacceptable .
www.parkcentralontheave.com
318 W College AveAppleton , WI 54911( 920 ) 738-5600
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israel is to keep up its offensive in the Gaza Strip despite a UN call for an immediate end to nearly two weeks of conflict involving Hamas militants .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said the latest firing of rockets into Israel showed the resolution was " unworkable " .
Hamas has also dismissed the UN 's call .
The Security Council resolution demanded a truce , access for aid workers and an end to arms smuggling .
Meanwhile , the UN said its main aid agency would resume operations in Gaza .
UN spokeswoman Michele Montas said the Israeli military had given " credible assurances that the security of UN personnel , installations and humanitarian operations would be fully respected " .
As a result UN aid efforts would resume as soon as possible , she said .
The UN relief agency Unrwa suspended its operations in Gaza on Thursday because its staff had been hit by Israeli attacks .
We were not consulted about this resolution and they have not taken into account the interests of our people
Ayman Taha
Hamas spokesman
Why Gaza war looks sets to go on Gaza survivors ' accounts
In pictures : Prayers and protests Earlier , UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said an alleged failure of the Israeli military to help wounded civilians in Gaza - cited by the Red Cross - could constitute a war crime .
On Thursday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said its staff had found four weak and scared children beside their mothers ' bodies in houses hit by shelling in the Zeitoun neighbourhood of Gaza City .
Ms Pillay told the BBC : " The incident the Red Cross describes is very troubling because it has all the elements of what constitutes a war crime .
" There is an obligation to protect the wounded , to treat the sick , to remove them to safety and here , according to the Red Cross , Israeli soldiers just stood by and did nothing for these four children and one adult who were too weak to move . "
The UN human rights body has demanded that human rights monitors be deployed in Gaza , Israel and the West Bank so that any violations of international law can be documented independently .
Separately , the UN's head of humanitarian affairs , John Holmes , said it was " extremely disappointing " that so far the resolution had been ignored by both sides .
Asked whether Israel was living up to its human rights obligations , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told the AFP news agency it was hard for Israel to safeguard civilians because Gaza was a very densely populated area .
Demonstrations Israel continued its bombardment on Friday , although it paused operations for three hours in the afternoon to allow supplies to be brought in for Gaza 's residents .
Some 50,000 people demonstrated in Egypt against the Gaza conflict However , Israeli army spokesman Capt Eli Isaacson told the BBC that during that period , two rockets had been fired from Gaza towards Israel and that Israeli forces had returned fire .
Witnesses told the AFP news agency that targets in Zeitoun and in Jabaliya and Beit Lahiya in the north had been shelled .
Israel said Hamas militants had fired more than 30 rockets at southern Israel on Friday .
Hamas said it had rejected the UN 's call for an immediate ceasefire because it was not to the advantage of the Palestinian people .
Ayman Taha , a Hamas spokesman in Gaza , said : " Even though we are the main actors on the ground in Gaza , we were not consulted about this resolution and they have not taken into account our vision and the interests of our people . "
GAZA CRISIS BACKGROUND
Profile : Gaza Strip Q&A : Gaza conflict Who are Hamas ?
Middle East conflict : History in maps
Since the current conflict began on 27 December , it is estimated that 770 Palestinians and 14 Israelis have been killed .
In the West Bank town of Ramallah , thousands of people poured out of mosques after Friday prayers to join demonstrations showing their solidarity with the people of Gaza .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Ramallah says many people feel their calls for an end to the violence in Gaza are not being heard by the outside world .
Other rallies took place in the region after Friday prayers , with the largest , in the Egyptian city of Alexandria , attracting some 50,000 people , officials said .
' Murderous organisations '
Israel 's security cabinet met on Friday morning , hours after the Security Council vote .
" The firing of rockets this morning only goes to show that the UN decision is unworkable and will not be adhered to by the murderous Palestinian organisations , " Ehud Olmert said in a statement .
Gaza offensive - in maps Officials in Mr Ehud 's office were quoted as saying " the Israeli military will continue to protect Israeli civilians and carry out its missions " .
Fourteen out of 15 Security Council members backed a resolution on the Gaza crisis , with the US abstaining .
The motion called for an " immediate , durable and fully respected ceasefire " leading to the " full withdrawal " of Israeli forces from Gaza .
It also demanded " the unimpeded provision and distribution throughout Gaza of humanitarian assistance " , measures to prevent arms smuggling to Palestinian militants and the opening of border crossings into Gaza .
Israeli officials visited Cairo on Thursday to hear details of a plan put forward by Egypt and France .
A Hamas delegation was also expected in the Egyptian capital at some stage for parallel " technical " talks , Egyptian diplomats said .
Israel wants to stop rocket attacks on southern Israel and to stop Hamas smuggling weapons into Gaza via Egypt , while Hamas says any ceasefire deal must include an end to Israel 's blockade of Gaza .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I was all pumped up because I was supposed to meet my childhood hero , Manute Bol , at Zed ’s Ethiopian Cuisine in Georgetown , Washington D.C.
Unfortunately , Manute could n’t make it , but I was equally thrilled to meet someone just as tall who I liked just as much , 7 ’ 7 ″ former Bullet / Wizard / Net , Gheorghe Muresan .
I ’m always interested in what athletes do when they retire .
While some , like Charles Barkley , get DUIs , I ’m happy to report that Gheorghe , who is from Romania , is living in Maryland , enjoying fatherhood , works with the Wizards , and runs a basketball program for kids called the Giant Basketball Academy .
I palled around with Gheorghe for several minutes , asked him Gunaxin ’s six questions , and impressed him when I mentioned that I knew that he had led the NBA in field goal percentage in 1996 - 97 .
I was such a fan of his , I remember anxiously watching My Giant , with Billy Crystal , when it came out in 1998 .
Other nuggets of info about Gheorghe : He won the NBA ’s Most Improved Player award in 1995 - 96 , won the French championship with Pau Ortez in 2001 , and won the French Cup with Pau Ortez in 2003 .
He is also active in charities that work with underprivileged children .
As for Manute , I ’ll meet him another time .
I know for certain that he ’s up to some cool stuff that I ’m looking forward to reporting .
Before we go , let ’s look back on some classic Gheorghe moments :
Some of you who have been listening to the Beyond Productivity Series may have noticed something different in Episode 4 .
Or maybe you did n’t , which will show the point of this post .
It did n’t have an intro and outro jingle .
Listen to the beginning and end of Episode 3 to see what was cut .
You may have also noticed that the vocal intro and outro was much shorter .
Or maybe you did n’t , again showing the point of this post .
What ’s In A Jingle ?
A few projects attacked me yesterday during the time I had reserved for editing the audio .
In case you ’re wondering , it takes about 4 hours from opening Garageband to hitting submit on the post to complete each episode .
Luckily , it ’s one of those projects that does n’t take a lot of creative juice to do .
Project attack happens .
But yesterday was unusual for this time of the year in that it was actually tolerable outside here in Lincoln , which meant that Angela would want to go for a walk while it was warm .
The audio took a bit longer to prepare than I expected despite the flow I was in , and the waning daylight posed a hard constraint .
Then came the moment – I had finished editing the audio from the call .
I looked outside – crap , only a little more time left .
I had a choice to make .
I could spend the additional 20 minutes splicing jingles and vocals , in which case we could n’t go on the awaited walk together , or I could get the vocals in sans the jingle , post it , and go for the proposed walk .
( Of course , I could have finished the audio later , but we were slated to hang out later that night .
And I had committed to get the audio out yesterday . )
We had a nice walk .
It ’s Not About the Jingles
The point of the story here has more to do with priorities than jingles .
It ’s entirely too easy for us to get wound up about things that probably wo n’t matter and let go of things that are important .
You see this when graphic designers spend hours obsessing over 3 pixels on something that only they will notice while their kids sit on the couch waiting on them to play .
Or when programmers spend a week coding a feature that .5 % of their user base cares about at the expense of sunlight , exercise , and the features that 80 % of their users want .
Or when entrepreneurs get stressed out about and over - plan for one - off contingencies that may not manifest or that , even if they did , could be managed successfully and faster when they happened than they could in the abstract .
Part of what I ’ve been reminded of lately is the importance of taking all of your priorities seriously .
Some of you may have thought I was being hyperbolic about the walk that created the deadline stress above , in which case I would ask why the default answer is to negotiate the personal aspect of our lives instead of the work - related aspect .
Should n’t we take the time and expectations of the people we ’re in meaningful relationships with as seriously as we take the time and expectations of other people ?
The walk and time spent with my beautiful , supportive , and patient wife was important and needed .
The jingles were , well , jingles .
Think about it .
your offering does not pleez me , dog .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The Israeli public became witness to the Abuelaish family ’s tragedy on Friday night when a conversation that a television journalist was having with Dr. Abuelaish was broadcast live .
Image Dr. Izzeldin Abuelaish , right , in the hospital where he works in Israel .
He lost three daughters , and a fourth was being treated .
Credit ... Rina Castelnuovo for The New York Times
In a video now available on YouTube , the doctor implored the journalist , whom he had called , to help send assistance , wailing , “ My daughters have been killed . ”
Journalists had come to know the doctor , who was already well known in the country ’s medical establishment , because he has been providing witness accounts of the Israeli operation for television stations .
After the broadcast , an ambulance was sent to a border crossing to pick up the doctor and the two wounded girls .
His four other children remain in Gaza and are expected to join him in Israel soon .
At the Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer on Saturday , Dr. Abuelaish was surrounded by Israeli colleagues .
Several were crying .
Tammie Ronen , a professor of social work at Tel Aviv University , knelt beside the doctor .
“ You can not let yourself collapse , you have your living children to take care of , ” said Dr. Ronen .
Dr. Ronen had worked with him in researching the effects of conflict - related stress on Palestinian children in Gaza and Israeli children in Sderot , a border town that has been the main target of Gazan rocket fire in recent years .
“ Tell them who my children were , ” said Dr. Abuelaish , spotting Anael Harpaz , an Israeli woman who runs a peace camp in New Mexico for Israeli and Palestinian girls that three of his daughters attended , including his eldest , Bisan , 20 , who was killed Friday .
The other two daughters who were killed were Mayar , 15 , and Aya , 13 .
The doctor ’s niece who died , Nur Abuelaish , was 17 .
Dr. Abuelaish recalled that it was Bisan who , after her mother died of leukemia , urged him to continue his work in Israel , saying she would look after the younger children .
In a hospital room , Ms. Harpaz held 17 - year - old Shada Abuelaish ’s hand as a nurse placed drops of medicine on her tongue .
The girl ’s forehead was covered in bandages as was her right eye , which had been operated on in hopes of saving it .
The niece who was wounded is in critical condition , with shrapnel wounds .
# 837475 +( 738 ) - [ X ]
SeanieG123 : I am Ministry of the Treasury of the Republic of America .
My country has had crisis that has caused the need for large transfer of funds of 800 billion dollars US .
If you would assist me in this transfer , it would be most profitable to you .
SeanieG123 : Please reply with all of your bank account , IRA and college fund account numbers and those of your children and grandchildren to wallstreetbailout@treasury.gov so that we may transfer your commission for this transaction .
After I receive that information , I will respond with detailed information about safeguards that will be used to protect the funds .
Further proof , if we needed it , that the Daily Mail has no sense of humour .
Some wag created the inevitable spoof account for the Mail on Twitter , which resulted in various diverting tweets including :
" God bless Prince Harry !
He 's only saying what we 're all thinking ... "
and
" @maggiethatcherUK
How DARE you impersonate Britain 's greatest ever Prime Minister ?
Is Twitter full of fakes and boring gits ? " .
But no sooner had the fun began than the account name DailyMail_UK was cruelly snatched away and replaced with NotDailyMail_UK .
The Daily Mail and General Trust lawyers had emailed Twitter complaining , according to Twitter 's response on GetSatisfaction , which prompted them to change the login name and password without warning .
The mystery Twitterer said he created the account in response to " a pathetic and rather lacklustre piece of ' journalism ' in the Daily Mail " , so it is really surprising it did n't happen before .
Particularly when you take a peek at the official Mail Twitter feed which spews out headlines all day without actually attempting to engage with anybody in the manner of , oh , I do n't know - a social media tool ?
The problem is that Twitter 's response explicitly describes that impersonation is acceptable in the case of parody : " The standard for defining parody is , " Would a reasonable person be aware that it 's a joke ? "
I think we know the answer to that .
What on earth did DMGT 's lawyers say to Twitter to get them to buckle so absolutely ?
Perhaps our US colleagues underestimated the value of - and demand for - a Daily Mail parody channel ...
" I am not naive , " writes NotDailyMail_UK .
" I know that writing a parody of the litigious bastards at The Daily Mail was likely to land me in a spot of bother .
But I rather did think that Twitter might show some backbone or - at the very least - allow me to have my say before they gave away my account .... "
It 's a joke , numnuts .
Photograph : Uh ... Bob / Flickr / Some rights reserved
His name is James Clyburn ’s ( D - S.C. ) , he ’s a senior member of Speaker Pelosi ’s leadership , and he ’s trying to kill health care reform this year .
Clyburn , for no apparent reason , went on TV ( twice ) in the past few days and said we likely wo n’t be doing anything on health care reform this year – even though Obama has said otherwise , and it was a key promise in the campaign .
You see , Clyburn says he still feels burned by the 1994 health reform fiasco , so he ’d rather have us bite off a few small pieces of reform and then we can revisit the issue later .
I guess “ later ” means the next time the Democrats hold the White House , House and Senate after winning a massive mandate .
I ’m sure we ’ll have another Barack Obama type candidate some time in the next generation or two .
“ If you take what we ’ve done with [ the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program bill ] and then you follow with [ more spending ] on community health centers , you would have gone a long way to building a foundation upon which to build a universal access healthcare program .
“ I would much rather see it done that way , incrementally , than to go out and just bite something you ca n’t chew .
We ’ve been down that road .
I still remember 1994 . ”
Yeah , a few points .
First , if Mr. Clyburn is so traumatized by events 15 years ago , he should resign his position in the House leadership and on any committees with jurisdiction over the matter .
We do n’t need dinosaurs in our leadership who are too afraid to address the nation ’s problems because something bad happened to them nearly two decades ago .
As for Clyburn ’s notion that expanding health care for children of the working poor , and increasing funding for “ community health centers ” – both very nice ideas that wo n’t do a thing for the majority of us – will somehow be a big step towards helping the rest of us , I have a modest proposal .
Let Mr. Clyburn and his family go get health care at a community health center , then tell us how this proposal addresses the very real problem Americans face with their inadequate , overly expensive health care .
For all intents and purposes , I have no prescription drug coverage ( I have enough coverage to buy 5 months of my asthma medication a year , then nothing else for the next 7 months ) , even though I have the best self - employed plan that Blue Cross offers .
Does Mr. Clyburn propose that I try to sell myself as a poor child , or do I hustle over to a community health center , to deal with the asthma drugs I ca n’t afford ?
And what happens if I , or any of you , come down with a catastrophic illness ?
Better not need any prescriptions drugs for that illness ( and if your plan has a lifetime cap , you ’d better not have that illness long , or you wo n’t have any coverage ever again ) .
We have a very real problem in this country , and incrementally helping poor children and community health centers , while nice , does nothing to help the majority of Americans who people like Clyburn were elected to serve and protect .
At some point , Democrats need to get over their fixation with turning everything into a class issue .
The poor need help , and should be helped .
But the rest of us , rich and poor and everyone in between , are just as screwed if we get really sick and our insurance does n’t cover our illness .
We expect our government to help all of us , not just the rich ( Republicans ) and not just the poor ( Democrats ) .
If Clyburn is n’t man enough to help President Obama take this issue on , then he should n’t be in our leadership .
Speaker Pelosi should choose someone instead who is n’t psychologically damaged by events nearly two decades ago .
Today , a surreal event will take place in London .
The Foreign Office is holding an open day " to highlight the importance of human rights in our work as part of the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights " .
There will be various " stalls " and " panel discussions " , and foreign secretary David Miliband will present a human rights prize .
Is this a spoof ?
No .
The Foreign Office wants to raise our " human rights awareness " .
Kafka and Heller have many counterfeits .
There will be no stall for the Chagos islanders , the 2,000 British citizens expelled from their Indian Ocean homeland , whom Miliband 's government has fought to prevent from returning to what is now a US military base and suspected CIA torture centre .
The high court has repeatedly restored this fundamental human right to the islanders , the essence of Magna Carta , describing the Foreign Office actions as " outrageous " , " repugnant " and " illegal " .
Yet Miliband 's lawyers refused to give up , and were rescued on October 22 by the political judgments of three law lords .
There will be no stall for the victims of a systemic British policy of exporting arms and military equipment to 10 of Africa 's most war - bloodied and impoverished countries .
In his speech today , with the good people of Amnesty and Save the Children in attendance , shamefully , what will Miliband say to the sufferers of this UK - sponsored violence ?
Perhaps he will make mention , as he often does , of the need for " good governance " in faraway places , while his own regime suppresses a Serious Fraud Office investigation into BAE's £ 43 m arms deal with the corrupt tyranny in Saudi Arabia - with which , noted Foreign Office minister Kim Howells in 2007 , the British had " shared values " .
There will be no stall for those Iraqis whose social , cultural and real lives have been smashed by an unprovoked invasion based on proven lies .
Will the foreign secretary apologise for the cluster bombs the British have scattered , still blowing legs off children , and the depleted uranium and other toxic substances that have seen cancer consume swaths of southern Iraq ?
Will he speak about the universal human right to knowledge , and announce a diversion of a fraction of the billions bailing out the City of London to the restoration of what was one of the finest school systems in the Middle East , obliterated as a consequence of the Anglo - American invasion , along with museums and publishing houses and bookstores , and teachers and historians and anthropologists and surgeons ?
Will he announce the dispatch of simple painkillers and syringes to hospitals that once had almost everything and now have nothing , in a country where British governments , especially his own , took the lead in blocking humanitarian aid , including Howells ' ban on vaccines to protect children from preventable diseases ?
There will be no stall for the people of Gaza , of whom , says the International Red Cross , starvation threatens the majority , mostly children .
In pursuing a policy of reducing one and a half million people to a Hobbesian existence , the Israelis have cut most lifelines .
David Miliband was in Jerusalem recently , within a short helicopter flight of the captive people of Gaza .
He did not go , and said nothing about their human rights , preferring weasel words about a " truce " between tormentor and victims .
There will be no stall for the trade unionists , students , journalists and human rights defenders assassinated in Colombia , a country where the government 's " security forces " are trained by the British and Americans and responsible for 90 % of torture , says a new study by the British human rights group Justice for Colombia .
The Foreign Office says it is " improving the human rights record of the military and combating drug trafficking " .
The study finds not a shred of evidence to support this .
Colombian officers implicated in murder are welcomed to Britain for " seminars " .
There will be no stall for history , for our memory .
Stored in the great British libraries and record offices , unclassified official files tell the truth about British policy and human rights , from officially condoned atrocities in the concentration camps of colonial Kenya and the arming of the genocidal General Suharto in Indonesia , to the supply of biological weapons to Saddam Hussein in the 1980s .
As we hear the moralising drone of ex-British military " security experts " telling us what to think about current events in Mumbai , we might recall Britain 's historic role as midwife to violent extremism in modern Islam , from the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt in the 1950s through the overthrow of Iran 's liberal democratic government to MI6's arming of the Afghan mujahideen , the Taliban in waiting .
The aim was and remains the denial of nationalism to peoples struggling to be free , especially in the Middle East , where oil , says a secret Foreign Office document from 1947 , is " a vital prize for any power interested in world influence and domination " .
Human rights are almost entirely absent from this official memory , unlike fear of being found out .
The secret expulsion of the Chagos islanders , says a 1964 Foreign Office memorandum , " should be timed to attract the least attention and should have some logical cover [ so as not to ] arouse suspicions as to their purpose " .
How is this wonderland perpetuated ?
The media play their historic role , censoring by omission .
Roland Challis , who was the BBC 's south - east Asia correspondent when Suharto was slaughtering hundreds of thousands of alleged communists in the 1960s , told me , " It was all triumph for western propaganda .
My British sources purported not to know what was going on , but they knew ...
British warships escorted a ship full of Indonesian troops down the Malacca Straits so they could take part in this terrible holocaust . "
Today , PR propaganda dressed up as scholarship promotes the same rapacious British power while seeking to fix the boundaries of public discussion .
A report released last week by the Institute for Public Policy Research describes itself as " the UK 's leading progressive think tank " .
Having been emptied of its dictionary meaning , the once noble term " progressive " joins " democracy " and " centre - left " as deception .
Lord George Robertson , the New Labour warmonger , Trident devotee and ex-Nato boss , has his moniker at the front , along with Paddy Ashdown , ex-viceroy of the Balkans .
Couched in crisis management cliches , the IPPR report is a " call to action " because " weak , corrupt and failing states have become bigger security risks than strong , competitive ones " .
With western state terror unmentionable , the " call " is for Nato in Africa and military intervention " if deemed necessary " .
Unsubstantiated references to " terrorist plots on British soil " include barely a nod to the " perception among Muslims " that the current Anglo - American " intervention " in the Middle East and northern Asia is the blindingly obvious cause .
In February 2003 , almost 80 % of Londoners believed that a British attack on Iraq " would make a terrorist attack on London more likely " .
This was precisely the warning given to Blair by the Joint Intelligence Committee .
The warning is no less urgent while " we " continue to assault other people 's countries and allow false champions to appropriate all our human rights .
johnpilger.com
An open source software engineer says he 's found a vulnerability in Safari for Mac and Windows that could compromise a user 's files and passwords if successfully exploited .
Brian Mastenbrook did n't get specific in aÂ blog entryÂ posted Sunday , but he did claim his discovery has already been acknowledged by Apple . Â
All users of Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard are affected , whether they use RSS feeds or not , as long as they have not changed their preference from the default , as seen below .
" Safari ... is vulnerable to an attack that allows a malicious web site to read files on a user 's hard drive without user intervention , " Mastenbrook wrote .
Â
" This can be used to gain access to sensitive information stored on the user 's computer , such as emails , passwords , or cookies that could be used to gain access to the user 's accounts on some web sites . "
According to Mastenbrook , Mac OS X Leopard users should change their Default RSS reader preference to another feed reader .
Â Possible solutions include Mail and Â NetNewsWire .
Safari for Windows users should use a different web browser until the security hole is patched , he said .
After reviewing the search warrant I was horrified to realize these " hut - hut " men came in with M - 16s in the middle of the night because my son had been arrested for a misdemeanor marijuana charge .
The affidavit filed for the search warrant stated that " it had been the officer ’s experience that persons who are arrested with illegal drugs continued to use , abuse and / or distribute illegal drugs " .
This was the probable cause .
Radley Balko has the details of yet another ridiculously excessive drug raid , this time in Carroll County , MD .
From the victim :
As awful as that sounds , it ’s actually worse .
The kid a ) did n’t even live there anymore , and b ) had already been to court for the marijuana charge .
What they were they doing raiding his parents ?
It ’s just absurd .
Whoever signed that warrant should be fired , if not jailed for reckless endangerment .
And if that ’s not enough , it appears that Carrol County ’s judges have been signing warrants like this routinely .
Sounds like a good reason to pass legislation requiring better documentation of drug raids in Maryland .
She set up the website Knitta Please , which started off as a group for frustrated knitters who did n't know what to do with their half - finished jumpers and scarfs and so started putting them over door handles .
By Chris Hogg
BBC News , Shanghai
Chinese officials are worried about online criticism A city in eastern China has become the first to attempt to ban internet " manhunts " which aim to put pressure on corrupt officials .
Lawmakers in Xuzhou have passed a law which makes it illegal to post " private information " about individuals online .
It is being seen as evidence of the concern officials have about blogs and internet forums that criticise the authorities and state institutions .
Internet users have attacked the new law ; a poll found 90 % oppose it .
City authorities say they will fine people more than $ 700 ( £ 500 ) , and ban them from using the internet for six months if they post " private information " online .
' Human flesh search '
In China , when an individual is suspected of doing something wrong , people post information about them online and ask others to find out more .
This is known here as a " human flesh search " , and is a form of vigilante justice .
Those whose details are made public in this way often get bombarded with abusive messages or harassed .
It sounds cruel ; after all , these are not people who have been convicted of any crime .
But many Chinese believe they are an effective way to keep corrupt officials in check in a country where it is hard to find other means hold them to account legally .
Last month an official in Jiangsu province was sacked after pictures of him with what appeared to be a valuable watch and an expensive pack of cigarettes , both judged to be too pricey for a civil servant , were uploaded onto the internet .
The posting prompted a vigorous campaign against him online which led to his dismissal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The order concerns meetings of Tony Blair 's cabinet in 2003 Ministers have been ordered to release minutes of the cabinet meetings which discussed the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The Information Tribunal upheld a decision that details of the March 13 and 17 sessions should be disclosed .
The sessions covered whether invasion was allowed under international law .
Ministers failed to block the Freedom of Information bid to release minutes .
Downing Street said it was considering its response .
The Lib Dems and Tories repeated calls for an Iraq war inquiry .
The Cabinet Office now has 28 days to decide whether to appeal to the High Court against the ruling .
Alternatively , the government could decide to veto the request under Section 53 of the Freedom of Information Act within 20 working days of the tribunal 's ruling .
' Public interest '
Cabinet minutes are not normally released until at least 30 years after the event - but the Tribunal stressed that disclosure of the Iraq material would not necessarily set a precedent .
The Tribunal said : " The decision to commit the nation 's armed forces to the invasion of another country is momentous in its own right , and ... its seriousness is increased by the criticisms that have been made ( particularly in the Butler Report ) of the general decision - making processes in the cabinet at the time .
The Labour government has built up a wall of secrecy , in the years since 2003 , and prevented the full facts from coming out
Ed Davey , Lib Dem foreign affairs spokesman
Open Secrets
" There has also been criticism of the attorney general 's legal advice and of the particular way in which the March 17 opinion was made available to the cabinet only at the last moment and the March 7 opinion was not disclosed to it at all . "
Information Commissioner Richard Thomas said he was " pleased " the Tribunal had upheld the decision he made in February last year that " the public interest in disclosing the official cabinet minutes in this particular case outweighs the public interest in withholding the information " .
He added : " Disclosing the minutes will allow the public to more fully understand this particular decision . "
' Angry ' Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman Ed Davey welcomed the tribunal 's ruling saying it could be " critical " to how the decision to go to war is viewed by history .
He denied releasing documents before the normal 30 - year time limit risked damaging the effective running of government , arguing that many people were still " angry " about the Iraq war .
I do n't think in general that cabinet minutes should be released a few years after the decisions that was made .
Ministers need to be able to speak to each other frankly
William Hague
Conservatives
" The people who took these decisions , which were incredibly controversial , should be held to account , " he told the BBC News channel .
" And unfortunately the Labour government has put up a wall of secrecy , in the years since 2003 , and prevented the full facts from coming out . "
He repeated the Lib Dems ' call for a full inquiry into the Iraq war , something the government has agreed to in principle without setting a date for it .
For the Conservatives , William Hague said a full - scale inquiry would be one of the first acts of a Tory government .
But he told the BBC : " I do n't think in general that cabinet minutes should be released a few years after the decisions that was made .
Ministers need to be able to speak to each other frankly and if this happens regularly well cabinet minutes will become much less revealing over time . "
He said it would be more useful to have an inquiry with the power to look at secret documents , informal notes taken and to interview the people involved " so that we can learn the lessons of what happened in the origins and conduct of the war of the mistakes that were made " .
The release of the cabinet minutes would reopen controversy over the then attorney general Lord Goldsmith 's legal advice on the war .
On the eve of war , 17 March , Lord Goldsmith 's opinion unequivocally saying military action was legal was presented to cabinet , MPs and the military and published .
However , after long - running reports that he had changed his mind as the planned invasion approached , his initial lengthy advice given to Tony Blair on 7 March was leaked and then published in 2005 .
This advice raised a number of questions and concerns about the possible legality of military action against Iraq without a second UN resolution and was never shown to the cabinet .
The then prime minister Tony Blair defended his decision not to show the cabinet the full advice , saying that Lord Goldsmith had attended the cabinet in person and was able to answer any legal questions and explain his view .
But BBC political editor Nick Robinson said even if the minutes were published , some might be disappointed as by tradition they only list points made , without saying who made them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dr Izeldeen Abuelaish shared his grief at losing his daughters
By Lucy Ash
BBC World Service
I first met Dr Izeldeen Abuelaish eight years ago when I made a radio documentary about his extraordinary life and work .
A Palestinian obstetrician who specialises in treating infertility , he lives in Jabaliya in the Gaza Strip , but used to work part - time in Israel helping Jewish women to have babies .
He also had a clinic in Gaza , taught medical school students there and arranged for seriously ill Palestinian patients to be treated in Israel .
He put up with the tedious and sometimes humiliating border checks with dignity and patience .
He stayed calm when one of his own Palestinian medical students told him she was " very , very angry " that he was helping Israelis to have children .
" What if these babies grow up to become soldiers who kill our people ? " asked the young woman .
My daughters and I were armed with nothing but love and hope
Dr Izeldeen Abuelaish
Despite all the suspicion , the hatred and the barriers Dr Abuelaish continued his work .
In 2001 , Dr Gad Potashnik was in charge of the IVF clinic at the Soroka University Hospital in Beersheba .
He described Dr Abuelaish as a " magical , secret bridge between Israelis and Palestinians " .
But that " magical , secret bridge " is now close to breaking point .
I have stayed in touch with Dr Abuelaish over the years .
Since we met he has had a number of jobs and research posts abroad .
In September 2008 he was about to start working for the European Union in Africa but had to return home after his wife , Nadia , fell ill with leukaemia .
Israeli patients
She died soon after his return , leaving him a widower with eight children aged three to 20 .
In the middle of the recent conflict , I interviewed Dr Abuelaish for the BBC World Service 's Outlook programme .
He told me all the glass had been blown out of the windows of his house , he could hear firing and explosions all around and he was desperately worried for the safety of his children .
Dr Izeldeen Abuelaish 's children in 2001
Then on Friday afternoon , just a day before the ceasefire was announced , his worst nightmare came true .
" My daughters were just sitting quietly talking in their bedroom at home , " Dr Izeldeen Abuelaish told me on the phone between sobs .
" I had just left the room , carrying my youngest son on my shoulders .
Then a shell came through the wall .
" I rushed back to find their dead bodies - or rather parts of their bodies - strewn all over the room .
One was still sitting in a chair but she had no legs .
" Tell me why did they have to die ?
Who gave the order to fire on my house ? "
In a voice cracked with emotion , he added : " You know me , Lucy .
You have been to my house , my hospital ; you have seen my Israeli patients .
" I have tried so hard to bring people on both sides together and just look what I get in return . "
Jabaliya Camp was hit repeatedly by Israeli strikes
The victims were Bisan , aged 20 , Mayar , 15 , Aya aged 13 and the physician 's 17 - year - old niece Nur Abuelaish .
" My eldest daughter was five months away from finishing her degree in business and financial management .
She was looking forward to the future and I was so proud of her . "
I remember talking to Dr Abuelaish in his house as his children scurried around him asking questions and singing songs .
Bisan was a cheeky , bright - eyed girl , keen to show off her English and read aloud from her school text book .
Audience response During the recent military campaign , Dr Abuelaish , who speaks fluent Hebrew , had been acting as an unofficial correspondent for a Tel Aviv - based TV station , giving daily updates by phone .
It feels to me as if some of our audience is seeing and hearing about the high price ordinary Palestinians are paying in this conflict for the first time
Shlomi Eldar
Israeli TV journalist
He was determined to let Israelis know as much as possible about the suffering of Palestinian civilians under Israel 's bombardment .
Minutes after the shell hit his house , Dr Abuelaish phoned the station 's presenter , Shlomi Eldar , to describe what had happened .
The Israeli journalist looked awkward and visibly distressed as the doctor 's disembodied voice is broadcast crying : " My daughters , they killed them , Oh Lord .
God , God , God . "
Mr Eldar mobilised his contacts in the Israel military to open the border and fly the injured girls by helicopter to the Tel Hashomer Medical Centre , the largest hospital in Israel .
He said thousands of viewers had called the station following the harrowing interview with Dr Abuelaish .
" I think this broadcast will change public opinion in Israel , " said Mr Eldar speaking by phone from Tel Aviv .
" It feels to me as if some of our audience is seeing and hearing about the high price ordinary Palestinians are paying in this conflict for the first time " .
Dr Abuelaish 's 17 - year - old daughter Shadha is recovering there from an operation which may save her right eye , injured in the blast .
Her 12 - year - old cousin Daida is in a critical condition from shrapnel wounds .
A spokeswoman for the Israeli military said the incident is now under investigation .
" For the time being , all that I can tell you is that our troops fired on the house because they had come under attack from somewhere in the vicinity of the house .
Possibly a sniper but I can't confirm that , " the spokeswoman said .
Speaking from the hospital , Dr Abuelaish denied that any militants had been hiding in or firing from his house .
" Violence is never the right way .
My daughters and I were armed with nothing but love and hope . "
Crossing Continents : Gaza Israel from 2001
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lookup cell phone numbers by name or reverse lookup cell phone number to find the owner 's name and address .
We make it easy for you to find someone 's cell phone number online by providing you access to the largest public cell phone number directory .
When a phone number is ported over to a cellular phone , it makes it easy for you to lookup their cell phone number this phone directory .
All cell phone searches are confidential and your personal information is never sold or shared with other companies .
President Obama took the oath of office Tuesday outside the Capitol , as millions watched in person and on TV .
He took it again Wednesday night -- this time in the privacy of the White House , with only a few aides and reporters looking on .
The reason : During the inauguration ceremony , Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. stumbled over the oath ’s opening words , and Obama repeated them , incorrectly .
The second time around , they both got it right .
The president ’s lawyer and constitutional experts agreed that taking the oath a second time was unnecessary .
Under the Constitution , Obama became president at noon Tuesday , a few minutes before he placed his hand on a Bible to take the oath .
Advertisement
“ We believe the oath of office was administered effectively and that the president was sworn in appropriately ” Tuesday , White House Counsel Greg Craig said in a statement .
“ But the oath appears in the Constitution itself .
And out of abundance of caution , because there was one word out of sequence , Chief Justice Roberts administered the oath a second time . ”
Yale law professor Akhil Reed Amar said , “ It puts to rest all the doubts .
. . .
We lawyers are cautious folks . ”
As for Obama , he joked that he and his staff decided to repeat the ceremony because “ we decided it was so much fun . ”
Yet it was clear the administration , having been dogged by false Internet rumors about Obama ’s citizenship during the presidential campaign , wanted to take no chances about the legitimacy of his presidency .
Advertisement
During Tuesday ’s ceremony , Roberts misplaced the word “ faithfully ” when he was reading the oath , and Obama repeated the mistake .
The Constitution says the president must solemnly swear “ that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States . ”
But on Tuesday , Obama said , “ I will execute the office of president of the United States faithfully . ”
On Wednesday , there were no such gaffes .
Obama raised his right hand in the White House Map Room about 7:35 p.m. -- there was no Bible -- and repeated Roberts ’ words to the letter .
“ Congratulations , again , ” the chief justice said , smiling .
Advertisement
“ Thank you , sir , ” Obama replied .
Amar noted that at least two presidents , Calvin Coolidge and Chester A. Arthur , took the oath a second time after questions were raised .
In Coolidge ’s case , his father was a justice of the peace and administered the oath to his son upon the death of President Harding .
“ Coolidge retook the oath in a secret ceremony , ” Amar said .
“ He did n’t want his father to know about it . ”
Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of the UC Irvine School of Law , said the do - over “ was just a matter of caution . ”
Advertisement
“ But I do n’t think it mattered .
No one would have standing to sue .
Obama would still be president .
But this would stop people from asking whether or he was legitimately president . ”
--
david.savage@latimes.com
The best part of last night ’s game , by far , was the 15 second peek into the Celtics locker room just before the second half started .
We were treated to Kendrick Perkins in street clothes , eating half an orange grove while Doc spoke .
I mean … look at that pile of orange wedges !!
I ’m not exaggerating when I say there must have pile of what used to be 4 or 5 oranges there .
I wish I was in the locker room for that half time .
Perk : “ Mmm … oranges ”
Training Assistant : “ um … Mr. Perk … that ’s our only bowl . ”
Perk : “ so ? ”
Scalabrine : “ so weak … need … orange wedge …. for …. energy ”
Perk : ” ai n’t none left … just this bowl here for me .
KG : “ ooh … orange wedges … can I have some ? ”
Perk : “ sure … here you go ”
Scal ( crawling ) : “ But I ’m so weak .
I do n’t… usually … play this many minutes ”
Perk : “ ai n’t none left ”
BOOKS do not sell themselves : that is what films are for .
“ The Reader ” , the book that inspired the Oscar - winning film , has shot up the bestseller lists .
Another recent publishing success , however , has had more help from Washington , DC , than Hollywood .
That book is Ayn Rand 's “ Atlas Shrugged ” .
Reviled in some circles and mocked in others , Rand 's 1957 novel of embattled capitalism is a favourite of libertarians and college students .
Lately , though , its appeal has been growing .
According to data from TitleZ , a firm that tracks bestseller rankings on Amazon , an online retailer , the book 's 30 - day average Amazon rank was 127 on February 21st , well above its average over the past two years of 542 .
On January 13th the book 's ranking was 33 , briefly besting President Barack Obama 's popular tome , “ The Audacity of Hope ” .
Tellingly , the spikes in the novel 's sales coincide with the news ( see chart ) .
The first jump , in September 2007 , followed dramatic interest - rate cuts by central banks , and the Bank of England 's bail - out of Northern Rock , a troubled mortgage lender .
The October 2007 rise happened two days after the Bush Administration announced an initiative to coax banks to assist subprime borrowers .
A year later , sales of the book rose after America 's Treasury said that it would use a big chunk of the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Programme to buy stakes in nine large banks .
Debate over Mr Obama 's stimulus plan in January gave the book another lift .
And sales leapt once again when the stimulus plan passed and Mr Obama announced a new mortgage - modification plan .
Whenever governments intervene in the market , in short , readers rush to buy Rand 's book .
Why ?
The reason is explained by the name of a recently formed group on Facebook , the world 's biggest social - networking site : “ Read the news today ?
It 's like ‘ Atlas Shrugged ' is happening in real life ” .
The group , and an expanding chorus of fretful bloggers , reckon that life is imitating art .
Some were reminded of Rand 's gifted physicist , Robert Stadler , cravenly disavowing his faith in reason for political favour , when Alan Greenspan , an acolyte of Rand's , testified before a congressional committee last October that he had found a “ flaw in the model ” of securitisation .
And with pirates hijacking cargo ships , politicians castigating corporate chieftains , riots in Europe and slowing international trade — all of which are depicted in the book — this melancholy meme has plenty of fodder .
Even if Washington does not keep the book 's sales booming , Hollywood might .
A film version is rumoured to be in the works for release in 2011 .
But by then , a film may feel superfluous to Rand 's most loyal fans ; events unfolding around them will have been dramatisation enough .
A California dairy has converted a pair of 18 - wheelers to run on biomethane produced from cow manure , creating what is believed to be the nation 's first cow - pie–powered trucks .
Hilarides Dairy will use manure produced by 10,000 cows to generate 226,000 cubic feet of biomethane daily — enough to reduce the Central Valley farm 's diesel fuel consumption by 650 gallons a day .
" For us it made sense to invest in this technology .
Now we can utilize the dairy 's potential to power our trucks in addition to generating electricity for our operations , " Rob Hilarides ( pictured above ) , owner of the dairy , said .
" This will significantly reduce our energy costs and give us some protection from volatile energy prices . "
Not to mention something to do with all that manure .
Hilarides announced the conversion at the World Ag Expo in Tulare , California , and it begs the question " Got Manure ? "
Methane is a natural byproduct of the microbial process that breaks down sewage , and it is emerging as a viable alternative to gasoline and diesel .
City officials in Oslo , Norway , recently announced they would convert 80 municipal buses to run on methane generated from human waste .
As gross as it may sound , Hilarides is n't shoveling cow pies into the fuel tanks of his rigs .
The bio - gas manufacturing process involves flushing manure and other waste from the cows ' stalls into a covered lagoon where bacteria breaks it down .
Methane is pumped out of the lagoon to a refinery that removes carbon dioxide , hydrogen sulfide and other impurities .
The purified methane is pressurized before being pumped into the trucks ; the Cummins engines have been converted from compression - ignited diesels to spark - ignited methane - burners .
Hilarides financed the project with a $ 600,000 grant from the California Air Resources Board Alternative Fuel Incentive Program .
" It 's energy projects like this that will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and get us off our dependency on foreign oil , " Mary Nichols , chairwoman of the California Air Resources Board , said in a statement .
" It also addresses sources of long - term air and water pollution problems . "
Using cow manure to produce bio-methane cuts greenhouse gas emissions in two ways .
Burning biomethane produces less pollution than conventional fuel , and producing it cuts down on the methane released into the atmosphere by the manure itself .
Biomethane advocates say the wonder gas can turn rural communities like Lindsay , California — where Hilarides Dairy is located — into alt - fuel producers .
Allen Dusault of Sustainable Conservation says manure from the nation 's dairy cows could generate enough fuel to fuel some 1 million vehicles , a carbon - cutting move he claims ( . pdf ) that would be the equivalent of taking 16 million gasoline or diesel vehicles off the road .
Others have said California 's 1.7 million dairy cows could produce 8 billion cubic feet of methane a year , the equivalent of more than 150 million gallons of gasoline .
" In California the manure is plentiful , " Dusault said .
" The technology is here and public - private partnerships can make this work .
Biomethane is the only vehicle fuel that is carbon negative . "
Photos : Western United Dairymen .
Used with permission .
See Also :
Photo : Sustainable Conservation .
Used with permission .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIkEm8JUOfY
After almost 10 months of blogging , I have never ever received any blogging awards from anyone .
I have never thought I would receive any awards because well ... I 'm relatively still a newbie albeit already 10 - months old .
But last month ( September ) , I have received 2 awards from 2 fellow bloggers .
Although to the others ... these so - called awards are nothing but a source of nuisance ; but to me ... it meant a lot .
Call this self - contempt , deception etc. or whatever you like ... but to me is a recognition that no naysayers can take away from me .
Could it be an indication that something good is about to happen ?
Too persumptious huh !
Anyway here are the awards that Tekkaus had received ...
Brilliante Weblog Premio 2008
( 12th September 2008 )
Butterfly Blogger Award
( 30th September 2008 )
8 Special bloggers
bestow
And I would also love to dedicate both these awards to my dearest wife who have always been there for me ; and my brother who has always been my protector and my information fuel - er !
And not forgetting my dearest daddy and my beloved late mother who is watching over me . =)
Again , thank you to Two Superheroes and My Little Space for being generous enough to include me in their list .
Well , as usual these awards should be passed on and bestowed on other deserving bloggers .
But I believe everyone including Tekkaus ' readers either they are avids or occasional ones ... these awards go to you too .
Without you guys , Tekkaus is nothing but a " white elephant " ?
Misuse of metaphor ?
Who cares !
So I would like to dedicate these awards for those who are really passionate about blogging .
But ... I would really highlight a few that stand out in my mind at the moment ... Thethat I really want toboth these awards are : 1~ Apple ( The Kuma - kuma freak ) 2~ FoongPC
( The up - and - coming blogging prodigy ) 3 ~ Nessa ( A very blog - active mum ) 4 ~ My Bug Life ( Everything about food , travel , photos and yeah ... bugs ) 5 ~
My LongKang ( A very high - tech drain to read ) 6 ~ Quachee ( At times , he really inspires me ! ) 7 ~ Quaint Melody
( The world through her lens of eyes ) 8 ~ Two Superheroes ( Eating food in the speed of light )
I picked this little gem up at my favorite bookstore when it went out of business .
* sniff *
All that aside , I have to say that I have n't read anything quite like this before .
It was wierd , but in a good way , which made it really interesting , though most of it was about as solid and real - feeling as a hypnotically - induced acid trip .
Robert Silverberg 's Beyond the Safe Zone is a collection of " twenty - three fictional journeys into possible futures " which was published in 1968 and weighs in at a whopping 565 pages , out of which only about fifteen pages are dedicated to the story " What we learned from this morning 's newspaper " which was totally unreadable for it 's utter and complete lack of critical punctuation .
( The sentences go like this they keep going and the guy talks about hey a bird and stuff why are you reading this story etc haha ... )
That is n't bad , considering every other story is pretty good .
The decidedly Hebrew slant to many of the stories was cool , different , and kind of enlightening -- I 've never seen that approach to Sci - Fi before , and I got a kick out of it .
If any of the stories fall into my " favorites " category , it would probably be " The Dybbuk of Mazel Tov IV " , which brings ancient Hasidic mythology about spiritual possession to the stars , though " Ship - Sister , Star - Sister " takes a close second with it 's very " borg " network of stars that think and psychically network the whole of humanity into one big central consciousness ...
Yeah , I know , it all sounds really weird , but trust me , it 's worth a read .
Take it a story at a time , put the book on the shelf , come back to it to read another story , and make your way through it at a leisurely pace .
If you leap right in and power through , it might just warp your brain ...
Reading through this book , there were really only two things that made me skip big sections ( which I do so rarely I could count the number of times I 've done it before on one hand ) and the first was the flow .
So many of Silverberg 's stories are about trance - like states , dreams , and really amorphous and strange ways of looking at the world .
They suck you in and incorporate you firmly into them in a way that 's ( as a writer ) kind of enviable , but also ( as a reader ) really uncomfortable .
You come out of reading some of the stories feeling like there 's nothing but a mass of gray fog between your ears , and no amount of blinking or anything can dispell it .
Heck , I 'm going to have to read something much more concrete now so I can pull my head out of it !
The other big thing that made me wonder about this book ( and it 's author ) was the perverse sexual way he paints things .
When practically every story features a " full bodied woman with high , hard breasts " that always has an excuse to get naked and ride someone , you start to wonder what 's going on .
And the incest !
Oh yeah , if it 's perverse , you 'll probably find it in this book .
They say that sex sells , but in this case , all it did was make a bunch of pretty - good sci - fi slightly seedy .
All in all , I give this book a marginal three stars .
Man it 's hard to rate this book .
It was good in alot of ways , but in an equal number of ways , it was a real bear .
I 'd still pick it up if you 're interested in some really really different Sci-Fi .
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Zine : the New Python Blog Engine
As I type this , it is already old news - but still good news .
For a long time the blog engine of choice for hosting your own blog has been Wordpress .
Unfortunately Wordpress is written in PHP , and pretty hairy PHP by all accounts , so to Python developers customizing Wordpress has never been an attractive option .
As Python is a cleaner and better structured language , with a bevy of capable web frameworks , a better blog engine that is much more fun to customize ought to be well possible .
A new Python blog engine hopes to be exactly that :
Zine : the Python Blog Engine with Ambition Zine is an Open Source personal publishing platform written in Python .
It 's written with security and extensibility in mind and inherits many ideas of WordPress and other existing blogging systems .
It had its first release very recently and is now at version 0.1.1 .
There is a flurry of activity towards both 0.1.2 and 0.2.0 releases .
I 've been experimenting with it by creating a news blog for my book IronPython in Action :
Zine has a very interesting looking plugin model ; but as you can see I have n't even had time to create a custom skin for it , let alone experiment with writing plugins .
Even though I have n't explored too far the team behind Zine is led by Armin Ronacher , one of the geniuses behind projects like Jinja , Pygments and Sphinx , so I have faith that the code quality is high .
Security is highlighted as one of the core features of Zine , which is both promising and something for it to live up to ...
Administrating Zine is very reminiscent of using Wordpress , in fact the admin login page is virtually identical !
Zine is still at an early stage of development , so there are lots of missing features and a few minor bugs ( one of the bugs being that the admin interface in 0.1.1 does n't work with IE - something I suspect some of my readers may see as a positive ! ) .
Although it is really only for the earliest of adopters what is already there is extremely slick .
Through the admin interface you have all the control over the blog that you would expect : creating and editing posts , administering comments and categories , switching themes and adding plugins and so on .
Perhaps the biggest hurdle Zine has to overcome is the deployment issue , which is where PHP has always shone .
Thankfully even the cheapest of accounts at Webfaction will suffice , and within minutes of asking on their forums one of the admins replied with full step - by - step installation instructions !
Webfaction already has ' one - click ' installers for setting up many applications , so when Zine is a bit more mature installing it should be a breeze if you have the right web host ...
The biggest missing feature is a WYSIWYG editor ; current choices for creating entries are HTML , Markdown or Zine - markup ( undocumented but apparently similar to HTML ) .
My first plugin may well be a docutils plugin allowing you to create posts in ReStructured Text .
Zine is implemented as a WSGI application using the Werkzeug toolkit .
In some ways it is a shame that it is n't based on Django or Turbogears ( 2 ) , making it really only suitable as a standalone blog rather than a potential pluggable application .
Just as the most popular blog is written in PHP , all the forums are too .
If you are creating a web application with Python and want to include forums and a blog as part of the site you are likely to end up with a disconnected solution - potentially requiring users to have multiple login credentials for accessing different parts of the same website !
This is what happened at Resolver Systems .
Initially we needed a company blog and support forums ; so going with Wordpress and phpBB made sense .
As we migrated our customer account management to a custom Django application ( giving people access to downloads , storing their newsletter preferences and so on ) we wanted to avoid the multiple login problem .
Note Originally our account management was in hacked - together PHP as it really did very little .
The move to Django was partly inspired by a very interesting new app that we will be announcing shortly .
One nice side - effect of the web development is that I 've been able to spend the last few days working with both CPython and Django .
It 's been great fun .
My boss , who created the first iteration of these applications , solved this problem by allowing Django and phpBB to share login credentials .
People who create user accounts on the main web app can use the support forum without creating a new account or even having to re-login - and vice - versa .
Specifically Giles modified phpBB so that it could accept Django sessions .
As this must be a common problem Giles has made the code open source .
The long term solution is for the Python community to create a compelling forum .
For Django Pinax is a promising home for this kind of pluggable application .
2008 : A Year in the Life of Voidspace
For me 2008 is inevitably the year in which I did n't get IronPython in Action finished .
I actually started writing in the tail end of the 2006 Christmas break , making it two years and counting since I started .
Yesterday Christian and I received an email from Manning setting out a timetable for the final stages , setting not only this year for going to press - but also hopefully next month !
In a mere handful of days we will no longer be able to make any changes to the book and it will go into proof reading ; genuinely the final stage before publication .
Despite being buried in writing for the entire year ( or what feels like as far back in history as I can remember ) it has still been eventful .
I spoke at nine conferences , mainly on IronPython :
Some of these even want me back and I have booked dates for BASTA 2009 ( German Developers Conference ) , PyCon US ( giving a tutorial on IronPython and a talk on testing ) and ACCU 2009 .
I have n't yet submitted a talk proposal for EuroPython , and I 'm still wondering what to talk about .
This year EuroPython is hosted by the PyCon UK team , of which I am a member , but even though it is on UK soil I 've technically never been to EuroPython before so I may be able to get away with an introduction to IronPython .
One of the highlights of the year was being made a Microsoft MVP , this was a nice recognition of the work I 've done in the IronPython community - even more so as I am the first MVP for the dynamic languages team .
During the year I wrote an article on ConfigObj for the Python Magazine and several articles on embedding IronPython and Silverlight .
As IronPython 2 was changing rapidly through the year , several of these fell out of date .
More news on this in another blog entry ...
Due to the pressure of working on the book I only managed 133 blog entries on the Techie Blog this year .
I did however manage around 320 entries on IronPython URLs , just shy of the one a day average I thought I might manage .
As for Voidspace itself , its been an interesting year .
Here 's a summary of the stats as reported by awstats :
1 058 260 visits
2 030 564 pages served
341 GB bandwidth
77 % Windows
8.7 % Mac OS X
11.8 % Linux
40.8 % Internet Explorer
45.5 % Firefox
5.2 % Safari
2.7 % Opera
The top 10 pages for the site ( not all technical but defunct pages skipped ) are :
My top 10 referrers for the year were ( removing one referrer spam and combining a few ) :
Traffic from reddit really grew this year .
I think this is because reddit is growing and not just because I write controversial blog entries !
Awstats records referrals from search engines separately , and lumps several other sites in as search engines .
Google massively overwhelms anyone else in this area :
Google ( 512 883 )
Google Images ( 210 379 - explains why the pictures are in the top ten pages )
Yahoo ( 19 214 )
Stumbleupon ( 16 662 )
Windows Live ( 8 286 )
My website is vast and sprawling ( and badly in need of a re-theming and a pruning ) , so it is not only technical visitors .
Unfortunately ( for me ) in late 2007
Google change the way they record clicks on adverts - leading to a drop in my advertising revenue of approximately 50 % !
Oh well , I do have a day job as well .
Archives
With JDK7 , OpenJDK and IcedTea all evolving in parallel it can get confusing about how these projects relate to each other .
David Herron , which is OpenJDK Quality Lead , tries to set the record straight and explains why the JDK7 has taken so long .
David starts of describing the differences between OpenJDK 6 and JDK 6 :
OpenJDK 6 began as a fork of OpenJDK 7 , and the team stripped out code from the OpenJDK 7 fork until it became compatible with the Java6 specification as verified by the JCK 6 test suite .
The bottom line is that OpenJDK 6 works rather well , several Linux distros are using it as their JDK , it can be built to pass the JCK6 b test suite , meaning OpenJDK 6 can be used to build a compliant JDK , and unfortunately it is this evolutionary sidetrack which we hope will be relatively short - lived .
It serves a purpose , namely of having an fully open OpenJDK compliant with Java6
He then goes on explaining the relation about OpenJDK and IcedTea :
It seems some people really like typing " ./ configure " rather than setting up environment variables and running " make " .
The IcedTea project originally began due to incompleteness in the OpenJDK ( gaps due to encumbrances ) and the community requirement of a fully open source toolchain and code base .
IcedTea has long been a set of patches applied to OpenJDK , along with a different build system that is " ./ configure " based as I just said .
In OpenJDK we 've replaced the encumbered code such that there are no gaps any longer .
As we 've done so I believe the IcedTea project has shrunken the number of patches they use .
One nice thing seems to be that the IcedTea configure script makes it easy to build OpenJDK in many different modes such as using the Zero Assembler port to support compiling on non-x86 / sparc chipsets , etc .
A big piece IcedTea provides is a plugin / java - web - start infrastructure .
We have n't been able to open source our plugin and of course for 6u10 we completely rewrote the plugin .
It is hoped we will open source the new plugin into the OpenJDK project but to my knowledge that decision has not been made concrete set in stone .
David suggests that JDK7 and OpenJDK7 will have ( nearly ) identical code bases :
… the plan is that beginning with OpenJDK7 / JDK7 that the code bases will be nearly identical .
It is obviously expensive to maintain a fork , and if JDK7 were to diverge strongly from OpenJDK7 it would do two things : a ) be very expensive , b ) undermine our efforts at an open source ecosystem .
But " nearly identical " does mean it 's likely there will be some differences .
Remember those gaps due to encumbrances ?
Some of those gaps were simply code we could n't open source as of May 2007 but have since done so , other gaps are for code we still have to gain approval on ( e.g. SNMP ) , but there is some code where there are open source replacements where we still use the old closed source code .
This is primarily in font and graphics rasterization .
The old closed source rasterisation code , while being encumbered , has had 10 + years of bug fixing and fine tuning etc and , for any open source replacement to displace that code in productized JDK builds , it would have to be provably as fast and stable and good quality as the existing closed code .
The OpenJDK source release , JavaFX and an overall shortage of resources are according to David the reasons for JDK7 taking so long :
If we had followed normal release patterns JDK7 would be shipping about now .
That is , Java6 shipped in December 2006 and our normal pattern is 18 - 24 months between major releases meaning the JDK7 launch would have been 2 - 5 months ago .
What happened ?
Well , clearly there was a resource crunch on several angles .
For example getting the nearly complete OpenJDK source release in May 2007 took a lot of effort from lots of people .
But there was also certain announcements at JavaONE in May 2007 ( a little thing named JavaFX ) which also turned into a major rethink of Java ( as some have said , this ai n't yer Dad 's Java ) and also a major piece of work to accomplish .
In other words instead of producing JDK7 we did JDK6u10 and JavaFX .
Similar claims about how JavaFX has slowed down the evolution of the platform have also been made by Joe Winchester at a recent editorial for the Java Developers Journal where he compares the adoption of dynamic languages and technologies like JavaFX by Java , to the efforts of the Smalltalk team back in the 90’s , to make Java run on their VM ( called the Universal VM ) .
The author states that , as in the case of Smalltalk , it would be much better to focus on Java itself “ rather than bloat and hack the JVM to become Jack of all trades ” .
It is important to note that with the OpenJDK Governing Board ’s life approaching to an end , there are those like Neal Gafter that are concerned about its new composition :
The OpenJDK governing board , having had its life extended by a year , is now scheduled to dissolve in four months , with two of its non-Sun positions remaining unfilled .
The last published meeting minutes were from April 2008 , at which it was agreed that the GB would strive for a draft Constitution by the end of 2008 .
Who are the seven members of the governing board ?
Can we please see the minutes of meetings after April , and get a status report on the Constitution ?
What do you think about Sun ’s JDK and the future of Open Source Java ?
Video : WSWS report on Chicago factory occupation
10 December 2008
Workers and some of their supporters at the occupied Republic Windows and Door factory on Chicago 's near north side spoke with a team of reporters from the World Socialist Web Site on Tuesday afternoon , December 9 , as their struggle approached the end of its fifth day .
Company management had fired the entire workforce the previous Friday , claiming that because the Bank of America had refused to extend credit , the company was compelled to shut its doors in bankruptcy .
Today is the opening day of the Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival , in Harbin , China .
The festival lasts for one month , and features large ice and snow sculptures , ice lanterns , swimming in the icy Songhua River and more .
The northern hemisphere is a hospitable place for ice festivals these days , so in that spirit , here is a collection of recent photographs of all things frozen , and some of the ways we live and play with ice .
( 34 photos total
The International Criminal Court declared today that it has no jurisdiction over the actions of Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip , meaning that the growing number of calls by humanitarian organizations to investigate Israeli activities in the Gaza Strip cannot lead to any action by the Hague - based court .
Israel has been accused of a myriad of activities which the court would classify as war crimes , but as Israel signed but never ratified the ICC ’s Rome Statute and the Gaza Strip is not considered a “ nation ” by the court , the actions of Israeli citizens , or indeed anyone else not a national of a signatory nation , would ostensibly not fall under their jurisdiction .
Yet last year , the ICC did claim jurisdiction over Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir and filed genocide charges against him even though Sudan , like Israel , was a signatory of the Rome Statute that never ratified it .
Bashir argued , more or less successfully so far , against the court having jurisdiction over him , but the fact that he was charged and the court wo n’t even consider investigating Israel ’s actions is bound to lead to accusations of a double standard .
Though Israel has in the past expressed “ deep sympathy ” for the goals of the court , it objected to the contents of some of the laws , in particular defining “ the transfer of parts of the civilian population of an occupying power into occupied territory ” as a war crime .
A recent report by a Harvard physicist estimates that a Google search generates about seven grams of carbon dioxide based on the electricity required to keep the company 's servers running .
The headlines about the study quickly proliferated around the globe , with Britain 's Inquirer chiding , " Googling pollutes the planet . "
Well , sure , but so does just about every other human activity .
And it is in that context that Googling and internet usage must be judged .
In short , Googling is not the issue , dude .
Today , Google said that each of its searches uses 1 kilojoule or 0.24 kilocalories of energy .
We can convert that into a unit we 're all more familiar with : gas for your car .
A gallon of gas contains about 31,000 kilocalories — about 115 Snickers bars ' worth — of energy , so a single gallon of gasoline would power about 130,000 searches .
Even if Google handled five billion searches per day , the company 's energy consumption for searches would be equivalent to something like the burning of 39,000 gallons of gasoline .
The United States alone consumes 390,000,000 gallons every single day !
And even U.S. gas consumption is just a small fraction of the world 's total energy usage — something like 1.4 exajoules of power per day .
That 's 1.4 times 1015 kilojoules .
So , even if Google consumed 5 billion kilojoules for searches every day , that would only require 0.00037 percent of the world 's daily energy usage .
As for the carbon footprint , Google says each search is only responsible for 0.2 grams of CO2 , not the 7 grams that the Harvard researcher claims , but the dispute misses the larger point .
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are estimated at 16.9 billion kilograms of CO2 - equivalent per day .
Again assuming 5 billion daily searches , Google would be responsible for either 0.2 or 0.006 percent of the nation 's carbon footprint , depending on whose number you choose .
When it comes the world 's energy system , Google is not the problem .
They are , however , embedded in the energy - intensive infrastructure that we 've been building ever since we figured out how to tap the earth 's fossil fuel resources .
It is a fine thing if internet companies want to worry about their carbon footprints .
It 's great , in fact .
But chiding Google for making such a relatively tiny contribution to the overall environmental problem in the world is like complaining about a wobbly leg on one of the deck chairs on the Titanic .
Image : Gayle Laakmann
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
12 September 2009
The global battle against plastic picked up pace this week when Delhi officals announced a five year prison penalty for anyone found carrying a polythenee shopping bag .
Officials in India 's capital believe that the only way to stem the rising tide of rubbish is to completely outlaw the plastic shopping bag .
This means the ' 'use , storage and sale ' ' of plastic bags of any kind or thickness will be banned .
Those found abusing this law could face a 100,000 rupee fine ( NZ $ 3,800 ) and possible jail time for using non-biodegradable bags .
In recent years , Delhi has been drowing in a sea of plastic .
It 's believed that more than 10 million bags are used in the capital every day .
While the average use - life of each bag is only a couple of minutes , each discared bag will take hundreds of years to decompose .
Project Jonah welcomes the tough new measures .
" Sometimes you need radical legislation to change consumer habits .
New Zealand 's lagging behind on this front and it's time our Government took more direct action , " says Kimberly Muncaster , Project Jonah CEO .
Bangladesh was the first country to ban plastic bags in 2002 .
Taiwan , Australia , Rwanda and Singapore have since moved to ban , discourage or promote reuse of plastic bags , hundreds of billions of which are handed out free each year .
Towns and cities in India , the US and UK have followed .
Ireland and Denmark have both placed a tax on plastic bags .
In Dublin , the 2002 introduced tax has reduced plastic bag usage by 95 % .
Some UK supermarkets have taken voluntary action , but they were warned last year that they had a year to reduce the number of plastic bags handed out or face legislation .
" Everyone has a vital role to play in reducing their use of plastic , " says Kimberly .
To find out how you can make a difference click here .
Thank You to everyone for your support through the Petition , Campaign and the Rally .
I look forward in working with you all in the future of our community .
The Petition was able to achieve a great out come .
Our Illinois State Parks are saved for now .
Blagojevich Administration 's pending closing of 11 state parks , including in Morris , Marseilles , Channahon and Hennepin Canal Parkway State Park at Sheffield .
The doors to the historic sites are to close Oct. 1 , and the state parks gated Nov. 1 .
These parks were created , bought or donated from the 1900s to 1930s .
From easier use of transporting , to feeding families and providing coal for WW2 .
That is not even a tip of the history .
These parks are used on an everyday basis by many people in the areas and surrounding areas , even those that travel to see the history of our area .
People enjoy fishing , picnics , camping , boy / girl scouts events , festivals , reunions , partys , bird watching , breathe in all the old beautiful trees and flowers of natural beauty you cannot get anywhere else close by , canoeists - walkers - runners use these parks for access to the historic I & M canal , etc
Any entertainment that is considered affordable to our families , are these parks .
Facelifts are so overrated but not the one on the newest Porsche 911 GT3 .
You have to admit that the Porsche 911 was and still is a true classic with the evolution taking small steps with each being a slight improvement .
One can argue that the changes to the recent Porsche 911 models are too drastic and others may say they are not drastic enough .
Either way , we all know what a 911 looks like and it seems we always will .
The 2010 Porsche 911 GT3 will get a 20 hp bump from the previous model year totaling 435 hp but do not let that fool you , the GT3 is still a GT3 and we all know it hangs with the best of them that put out even more power .
Come on , it is a Porsche , a Porsche GT3 !
View the new promo video of the 2010 Porsche GT3 and press release below after the jump …
PRESS RELEASE :
New Porsche 911 GT3 : Top Performer on the Road with Ambitions on the Track
Stuttgart .
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG , Stuttgart , is adding yet another new model to the second generation of the 911 model series : the new GT3 even more powerful , faster , and refined than its predecessor .
In developing the most sporting and dynamic road - going 911 with a normal - aspiration power unit , Porsche has applied a wide range of know - how gained in motorsport .
Indeed , this is precisely why the new GT3 is truly impressive not only on the road , but also on the race track .
The new 911 GT3 is making its world debut at the Geneva Motor Show on 3 March , with Europe - wide sales starting in May .
The 911 GT3 offers an even higher standard above all in two key areas : performance and driving dynamics .
Now the proven six - cylinder naturally - aspirated power unit develops maximum output of 435 bhp ( 320 kW ) , up 20 bhp over its predecessor .
This results first and foremost from an increase in engine capacity by 200 cc to 3.8 litres and from the improved gas cycle : now not only the intake , but for the first time also the exhaust camshafts are adjusted by VarioCam .
A further important point is that , through its upgraded power and performance , the boxer engine also offers a significant increase in torque at medium engine speeds , a benefit of particular significance in everyday motoring .
Clearly , this also means a further improvement in performance , the new GT3 accelerating from a standstill to 100 km/h in 4.1 seconds and reaching 160 km/h in 8.2 seconds .
Top speed is 312 km/h or 194 mph .
The second highlight in developing the 911 GT3 to an even higher standard was to further improve the car ’s driving dynamics :
For the first time the 911 GT3 comes with a particularly sporting variant of PSM Porsche Stability Management , offering the option to deactivate both Stability Control ( SC ) and Traction Control ( TC ) in separate steps .
And to give the driver unrestricted , individual control over the driving dynamics of his car , these functions are not reactivated automatically even under the most extreme driving conditions , but only at the touch of a button .
The new GT3 offers even better grip and stability also at high speeds , specific modifications of the car ’s aerodynamics increasing down - forces both front and rear to such an extent that the overall pressure pushing down the car is more than twice as great as on the former model .
At the same time the new Aerodynamics Package gives the GT3 a brand - new look further accentuated by the new bi-xenon headlights , LED rear light clusters , as well as modified air intakes and outlets .
The active PASM suspension of the 911 GT3 enables Porsche ’s engineers to make the springs and anti-rollbars somewhat stiffer yet again , thus ensuring even more precise handling in the PASM sports mode , while retaining appropriate roll comfort suitable for everyday use in the normal PASM mode .
New , even lighter wheels in racing design with central locking and UHP ( ultra - high performance ) tyres now even featuring tyre pressure control round off the functional and visual enhancement of the GT3 .
With driving dynamics and performance increasing to an even higher level , the brake system , following an old Porsche tradition , has been enhanced accordingly on the new 911 GT3 .
The brake discs now come with an even larger friction disc and an aluminium cover to reduce weight even further .
Further improvement of brake ventilation , in turn , guarantees an even higher level of consistent brake power also over long periods .
And as an option the GT3 comes as before with an exclusive version of PCCB ceramic brakes made specifically for this model .
Starting in autumn , the new GT3 will be available with yet another option making the car even more suitable for the race track : new and highly innovative PADM ( Porsche Active Drivetrain Mount ) engine bearings .
These special engine mounts recognise a particularly sporting , race - like style of driving , making the normally elastic engine suspension hard and particularly resistant .
This retains all the motoring comfort of the GT3 in everyday traffic , while on the race track the car is not affected by any mass forces coming from the engine , as would otherwise be the case in fast bends and on winding tracks .
Yet a further advantage is the car ’s improved traction when accelerating from a standstill .
Another feature also new on the new model is the optional lift system for the front axle able to raise the ground clearance of the car for driving on bumpy surfaces or steep gradients – for example into an underground garage – at the touch of a button by 30 millimetres or almost 1.2 ″ .
The Euro base price of the new GT3 is Euro 98,100 , in Germany the retail price including value - added tax and specific national features is Euro 116,947 .
In the USA the GT3 will be at the dealership in October at a price of USD 112,200 ( MSRP without taxes ) .
Viking Quest
Play the game of ' Viking Quest ' , which takes you back to AD 793 .
Can you build a ship , cross the seas , loot a monastery and return home to claim your prize ?
Your chief has set the challenge , it 's up to you to respond .
Turn up your sound for the full Viking experience .
Grady Jackson , a defensive tackle with the Atlanta Falcons , said he used the weight - loss capsules .
Kathie Lee Gifford was enthusiastic about them on the “ Today ” show .
Retailers like GNC and the Vitamin Shoppe sold them , no prescription required .
But the Food and Drug Administration now says those weight - loss capsules , called StarCaps and promoted as natural dietary supplements using papaya , could be hazardous to your health .
In violation of the law , the agency has found , the capsules also contained a potent pharmaceutical drug called bumetanide which can have serious side effects .
And StarCaps are not the only culprits .
In a continuing investigation that has prompted consumer warnings and recalls by some distributors , the F.D.A. has determined that dozens of weight - loss supplements , most of them imported from China , contain hidden and potentially harmful drugs .
In the coming weeks , the agency plans to issue a longer list of brands to avoid that are spiked with drugs , an F.D.A. spokeswoman said .
Besides StarCaps , which were made in Peru and which Balanced Health Products , the American distributor , has voluntarily withdrawn , the agency ’s warning list includes more obscure pills sold under the names Sliminate , Superslim and Slim Up , among many others .
So far , the F.D.A. has cited 69 tainted weight - loss supplements .
Two years ago , we took you inside the insane world of Japanese Halloween costumes .
Last year we visited the dark carnival that is the German Halloween industry .
So how to top that this year ?
What nation or ethnic group would we slander next ?
Mexico is a fairly reliable whipping boy .
Everyone hates Italians , how about them ?
Also , fuck Mongolia .
Well , it turns out that Japan is just way , way better at this than anyone else .
So to keep it interesting , we 've decided to throw the strangest costumes the rest of the world can muster against the Japanese .
Sort of a World War of costumes that will haunt your dreams .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
# 35 .
We did n't even know we wanted to see the Japanese take on Eddie Murphy in Delirious , but now we can't imagine how we lived without it .
# 34 .
Hey folks !
There 's a party in my pants !
Only one guy 's shown up so far , but he seems in pretty high spirits .
# 33 .
Cobalt Rape Demon , a character from a popular Japanese children 's cartoon .
# 32 .
We 're hoping Inter - racial limb and scalp transplants are a pretty big thing in Japan , because otherwise this is pretty inexplicable .
We honestly can't tell if this is racist or not .
# 31 .
This is a little clearer .
# 30 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The joke here is evidently that this guy 's suit shrunk in the wash , but we have no idea why the back of the jacket is missing .
They clearly did n't use the extra fabric on his shorts .
Huge fake penis = funny .
Clearly visible actual penis = also funny , but in a way that will make people edgy and uncomfortable .
# 29 .
See , now that 's classic " huge fake penis " funny .
Just be careful to not hang around schools in this one .
# 28 .
Leaving Japan for a stretch , this is actually a pretty good lobster costume , but also a perfect example of why men with mustaches do n't get modeling work anywhere but Germany .
# 27 .
Russia has a weird relationship to western culture .
They 'll spend decades denouncing capitalism , and then wait in line for hours to taste a Big Mac .
Or in this case , a Russian kid will murder an American icon and then use the severed head to compliment his pantyhose .
# 26 .
This is not a costume you wear if you want to meet women .
This is a costume you wear if you want to meet victims .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
# 25 .
Sort of a furry meets Eyes Wide Shut thing going on here .
For at least a couple reasons , this looks like it would be a nightmare to clean .
# 24 .
Included for both the terrifying dead eyes , and for how pronounced the camel - toe is on this costume .
# 23 .
Fake noses are a pain in the ass for costumes , given their propensity to fall off while drinking or engaging in certain sex acts , but we do n't think this is the answer .
These guys look like they 're about to hold up a Hallmark store .
# 22 .
Of course anything Westerners can do , the Japanese can do crazier .
This is evidently some sort of Fourth Reich Reindeer superhero .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
# 21 .
We were going to make some sort of " which one 's the costume " joke , but we can't bring ourselves to do it - they 're both so happy , we love these guys so much .
# 20 .
When Japan was six - years old , Christmas murdered his parents , and ever since then he 's been kind of weird about it .
# 19 .
A star / flower / kitty mask .
A lot of powerful iconography here , this represents an early attempt by Japanese scientists to crossbreed the cutest costume ever .
Robert Redford : Bush sale of Utah land ' morally criminal ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday December 17 , 2008
Print This Email This Environmental groups and members of the Senate and House of Representatives are working desperately to head off Interior Department plans to auction wilderness land in Utah for exploration by oil and gas companies .
Actor Robert Redford spoke from Utah via satellite during a Wednesday press conference held by opponents of the auction .
Introduced as " a tireless advocate for the environment , " he began by saying , " I have spent much of my adult life in these lands .
...
For me , it 's an emotional point . "
" What you keep getting shocked about is how devious and secretive -- and basically , in my mind , morally criminal -- their behavior has been , " Redford said of the Bush administration .
" These lands are not Cheney 's and Bush's .
The lands are ours .
...
They 're part of our legacy . "
" Bush may be a lame duck , but he could still quack , " Redford insisted .
" We just ca n't let it happen . "
Redford , however , described himself as " pretty encouraged " by President - elect Obama 's nomination of Ken Salazar for Interior Secretary .
" I think very highly of him , " Redford concluded .
According to a press release from the Natural Resources Defense Council , several environmental advocacy groups will challenge the Bush 's administration in court in an attempt to head off Friday 's auction .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Dec. 17 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
January 23 , 2009 , 9:16 am
A few days ago I posted on the security hole I discovered in Paypal where payments to my email were flowing to someone else 's account .
After denying the problem for quite a while , Paypal finally admitted it .
In the last two days , I have had two other problems with Paypal .
The first was that an account hold was slapped by Paypal on my account .
Apparently I accessed the account from an IP address ( maybe a hotel on the road ? ) they had never seen me at before and so they froze my account until this morning when I had to spend an hour convincing them in various ways I really did control the account .
The second issue was when Paypal put a hold on a payment I received .
At first , I was ticked off at the buyer , thinking that person had received the item and then was trying to keep his money .
But it turned out the buyer had nothing to do with it .
Again , the Paypal computers saw the buyer account had been relatively inactive and held the payment until the buyer called in and convinced them the payment was legitimate .
Now , at some level , one can say that Paypal is trying to protect my money .
But if fraud is so prevelent in Paypal that these kind of onerous fraud checks and constant account and payment freezes are becoming the norm , then it may well be that their business model is in trouble .
Like strip searches at the airport , it may increase security but it may also kill the business .
If you had asked me five years ago , I would have said it likely that by 2009 , we would have an online payments system that involved some type of digital certificates on individual computers tied to either a payment system or one 's credit card number .
My corporate cash management account works this way , but the retail world does not .
Part of the problem is that there is only limited consumer incentive to demand such a system .
Currently , most fraud costs are pushed by card companies unto retailers rather than consumers ( who can fairly easily void a fraudulent payment ) reducing the percieved cost of low security .
Postscript :
It is always interesting to listen to the tone of customer service agents .
I talked to four different Paypal agents this morning , and the fairly clear undertone of their responses to my rants about these problems was " it 's as bad around here as you think it is . "
An aerial view of floods caused by Tropical Storm Hanna is seen in Gonaives , Haiti on September 3 , 2008 .
Haiti's civil protection office said 37 of the 90 Hanna - related deaths had occurred in the port city of Gonaives .
( REUTERS / Marco Dormino / Minustah )
A firefighting airtanker drops Phos - Check fire retardant over the Gap fire as more than 1,000 wildfires continue burning across about 680 square miles of central and northern California , on July 3 , 2008 near Goleta , California .
( David McNew / Getty Images )
Buildings and debris are seen floating in the Cedar River against a railroad bridge Saturday , June 14 , 2008 , in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Days after it rose out of its banks on its way to record flooding in Cedar Rapids , the Cedar River has forced at least 24,000 people from their homes , emergency officials said .
( AP Photo / Jeff Roberson )
Department of Water and Power workers are emptying out bales of plastic balls in the Ivanhoe reservoir in Los Angeles on Monday , June 9 , 2008 .
Department of Water and Power released about 400,000 black plastic 4 - inch balls as the first installment of approximately 3 million to form a floating cover over 7 acres of the reservoir to protect the water from sunlight .
When sunlight mixes with the bromide and chlorine in Ivanhoe 's water , the carcinogen bromate can form .
( Irfan Khan / AP )
Mateja Robnik of Slovenia negotiates a track of the women 's giant slalom FIS World Cup event in Maribor , Slovenia January 12 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Petr Josek )
A competitor dives from the 14 meter - high bridge over Drina river during annual high diving competition in Bosnian town of Visegrad July 12 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Stringer )
Internally Displaced People leave Kibati heading north from the city to their villages , Kibumba and Rugari , north of the provincial capital of Goma , Congo , on November 2 , 2008 .
Several thousand people displaced in the fighting between rebels and government troops in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo began returning home Sunday as a ceasefire held , an AFP correspondent on the scene reported .
( YASUYOSHI CHIBA / AFP / Getty Images )
Cyclone Nargis victims huddle in torrential rain as they await assistance in Dedaye Township , southwest of Yangon , Myanmar on May 19 , 2008 .
Political resistance to outside aid and a slow response by the government worsened an already devastating situation - an estimated 146,000 people lost their lives .
( REUTERS / Stringer )
Afghan youths dive at a swimming pool on Wazir Akbar Khan hill in Kabul on June 24 , 2008 .
Temperatures in the Afghan capital are approaching the 30 degrees Celsius mark as the summer sets in in Central Asia .
( SHAH MARAI / AFP / Getty Images )
Firefighters battle a blaze at the Namdaemun gate , one of South Korea 's most historic sites , in central Seoul , on February 11 , 2008 .
An arsonist started the fire , destroying the gate - the oldest wooden structure in Seoul , first constructed in 1398 and rebuilt in 1447 .
( Kim Jae - hwan / AFP / Getty Images )
A rescue helicopter prepares to hoist aboard surviving Japanese climber Hideaki Nara near the summit of Aoraki Mount Cook in New Zealand on December 5 , 2008 .
A Japanese climber stranded for six days just below the summit had died just hours before rescuers reached him and a compatriot , local media reported .
The two Japanese climbers were forced to huddle in a tent 50 meters below the 3,754 - meter ( 12,349 feet ) peak , as poor weather and high winds foiled attempts to rescue the men by helicopter .
( REUTERS / The Christchurch Press / John Kirk - Anderson )
A firefighting airplane drops water on the burning Turkish ship Undadriyatik in the waters near town of Rovinj , Croatia in the northern Adriatic Sea on Feb.
6 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / FILE )
A diver practices in the new National Aquatics Center in Beijing , China on Aug. 16 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Oded Balilty )
A polar bear shakes his body to remove water at the St - Felicien Wildlife Zoo in St - Felicien , Quebec on March 6 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Mathieu Belanger )
In this Jan. 11 , 2008 photo , eagles await transfer to a warm U.S. Fish and Wildlife warehouse after being rescued from the cold in Kodiak , Alaska .
They were among 50 eagles which dove into the back of an uncovered dump truck full of fish guts and became too wet to fly away .
( AP Photo / Jay Barrett )
Kerby Brown rides a huge wave in an undisclosed location southwest of Western Australia July 6 , 2008 , in this picture released November 7 , 2008 by the Oakley - Surfing Life Big Wave Awards in Sydney .
Picture taken July 6 . ( REUTERS / Andrew Buckley )
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama waves to the crowd at a rally in the rain at the University of Mary Washington in Fredericksburg , Va. Saturday , Sept. 27 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
To explore more pictures see the gallery here :
First of all Happy New Year to all of you !
When a year finish is quite common to create photogalleries that try to resume what has happened in the last twelve months in a visual story .
One really good has been prepared by The Big Picture which is a wonderful site run by Alan Taylor , and a great resource for news stories in photographs .
One of the few sites where you can enjoy news pictures in sizes bigger than the common micro internet ones .
As usual I 've selected just the 25 pictures that are related to SeaWayblog 's topics : water and everything related to it : sea , snow , fishing , aquatic animals and so on In some cases pictures correspond to subjects that I 've already discussed on SeaWayBLOG , if so clicking the caption you will be redirected to that post page .
Enjoy the tour .
The right hand of a young visitor is silhouetted against a jellyfish exhibition hall at the Ocean Park aquarium - amusement complex in Hong Kong on January 20 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Victor Fraile )
Privacy advocates say prosecutors are misusing child pornography laws by turning them against the very people they are meant to protect .
The accusation comes following a raft of recent child pornography cases against juveniles accused of photographing themselves in the nude .
This week , prosecutors in Greensburg , Pennsylvania charged six teens ranging in age from 14 to 17 with creating , distributing and possessing child pornography , after three girls were found to have taken photos of themselves in the nude or partially nude and e-mailed them to friends , including three boys who are among the defendants .
The case is only one of the latest in a spate of similar prosecutions and investigations .
In Florida , officials similarly charged a 16 - year - old girl and her 17 - year - old boyfriend with producing , directing or promoting child porn after they photographed themselves having sex .
Neither of the teens shared the images with anyone else .
The issue of teenagers distributing self - made pornography is n't new , but its prevalence and consequences have been exacerbated by advances in technology .
Thirty years ago a teen who wanted to take nude self - portraits had to develop the film at a lab , and distribution was limited by the number of copies made from the negative .
Now a camera - phone and internet connection are enough to send the image around the world in an instant , whether or not the sender intended it to reach that far .
Critics say the criminal charges against minors , under laws that were meant to protect them from adults , is the wrong way to address the issue of teens exploring their sexuality .
Law enforcement 's reaction effectively turns victims into perpetrators , they say .
" The problem is that the child porn laws were really designed for a situation where an adult abuses a minor by forcing that minor ... psychologically as well as physically ... into taking these pictures , " said Mark Rasch , a former federal cybercrime prosecutor .
" But when the person takes the picture herself or consents to the picture being taken , it turns the whole statute on its head . "
In the Pennsylvania case , a school official seized the phone of one of the boys after he was caught using it during school hours in violation of a school rule , according to local police Capt .
George Seranko .
The official found the picture on the phone , and after some interrogation , discovered that two other girls had also e-mailed photos of themselves in the nude to friends .
That 's when the school called police , who obtained search warrants to seize the phones and examine them .
Police showed the images to the local district attorney , who recommended they bring charges .
Seranko said the images " were n't just breasts ; they showed female anatomy . "
Authorities argue that bringing child porn charges against teens is designed to educate them about the dangers of creating and distributing such images , which could fall into the hands of commercial pornographers , pedophiles or others who might want to harm or exploit them .
But Parry Aftab , founder and director of WiredSafety , which educates kids about internet safety , says the prosecutions are desperate acts by frustrated law enforcement officials , and they do n't achieve the desired effect .
" Prosecutors do n't know what to do , so they are reaching out in the way that prosecutors do , " she said .
Rasch agrees .
" You take teenagers , alcohol and cell phone cameras and put them in a room together and you 've got a prescription for disaster , " he said .
" But you should n't be making felons out of it . "
Rasch supports legislation to exempt any minor from prosecution for creating an image of himself or herself and distributing it to friends .
The recipient , too , should be exempt , though Rasch sees no problem with charging a boyfriend or friend if they distribute the image further without the girl 's consent .
Even then , though , he thinks there 's room for debate about the consequences .
" If my son or daughter were doing this kind of stuff , I 'd have a serious discussion with them about the consequences , but I do n't know that it would help anybody to throw them in jail , " he said .
Rasch said teens do n't realize that one unintentional consequence of self - made child porn is that it can sometimes provide authorities with evidence of other crimes .
He cites the case of Genarlow Wilson in
Georgia who was convicted of having consensual oral sex with a
15 - year - old girl when he was 17 based on a videotape of his encounter with the girl at a party .
Wilson was sentenced to 10 years in prison and required to register as a sex offender , though he was released after serving two years following an appeal to the state supreme court .
There are no known cases involving federal charges against a minor for child porn : the recent cases were brought under state laws by local prosecutors , usually in juvenile court .
Since juvenile cases are not part of the public record , Rasch says it 's not known what kinds of sentences have resulted from such cases .
But he said generally juveniles who commit crimes get convicted of delinquency , not the actual crime they commit .
In the recent Pennsylvania case , Capt .
Seranko said the teens are likely to get community service if convicted .
" Their records wo n't be scarred for life , " he said .
Rasch points out that people who take or share nude self - portraits when they 're minors could be prosecuted as adults and face harsher penalties if they 're still in possession of the images when they reach the age of 18 .
With regard to the claim that prosecution of minors will deter other teens from engaging in the same activity , Aftab says this is n't the case , because teens do n't identify with the concept of criminal charges .
She points to the famous case of several teenage girls in
Florida last year who were arrested for beating up another girl .
" They were laughing on the way to jail and worrying about if their hair will look good on camera , " said Aftab .
" They did n’t understand that jail is jail . "
In the case of teens charged with child pornography , they simply do n't see a difference between posting provocative pictures on MySpace and sending nude photos to friends .
" These kids are now seeing stuff on MySpace and other places online where other kids are posing in sexual poses in the nude performing real or mock sex , and to them it 's just their 15 megabytes of fame .
They think it 's the norm , " she said .
Aftab says the solution is counseling and education .
The former should enlist mental health experts , and the latter should involve teen educators , since teens do n't listen to adults when it comes to regulating their behavior .
She also said teens who engage in this kind of activity should be punished with a consequence that really matters – having their cell phone taken away or losing internet or other privileges .
" That 's real , " Aftab said .
" It 's quantifiable and it's within their reach . "
We 're torn in our appreciation of the classic Vespa — after all , Vespas are scooters and scooters equal wedgies .
But when they 're handcrafted like fine furniture , we can overlook the inevitable flag on the back .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Craftsman Carlos Alberto came across a Vespa that was in complete disrepair , so he gutted it and carved a body from wood — which he then coated in a multitude of beautiful steam - molded veneers .
Stunning stuff .
But am I the only one who takes a look at those wheels and imagines little roulette tables ?
[ Carpintaria Carlos Alberto via Jalopnik ]
Beautiful Hand - Made Wooden Vespa
The Vespa scooter has a classically appreciable shape .
Portuguese craftsman Carlos Alberto managed … Read more
BOICEVILLE , N.Y .
IN a couple of months , when the last of the mountain snow melts away , Steve Heller , an industrial sculptor , furniture maker and winner of the second Collectible Car of the Year contest on nytimes.com , will begin work on his one big project of the year .
In the past , he has fabricated a 23 - foot - high dinosaur out of tire chains and wrenches ; made a rocket ship out of the barrel mixer of a cement truck , the side panels of an old Buick and treads from a bulldozer ; built a soapbox derby car that resembles a Top Fuel dragster and spits fire ; and customized a 1959 Cadillac hot rod with double - layered fenders and painted - on flames , which pulls a smile out of Mr. Heller ’s bearded face when he mentions it .
“ Cadillac guys do n’t like flames , ” he said .
Here in the northern Catskills , a good two hours north of New York City , there are only “ seven good months ” of outdoor working weather , said Mr. Heller , who owns Fabulous Furniture on Route 28 .
In a workshop several paces behind the store , Mr. Heller , 63 , creates one - of - a - kind furniture out of wood that he logs , transports , mills , cuts and finishes himself .
He also creates sculptures out of found metal , predominantly based on three themes : farm animals , totem poles and rocket ships , which are built out of the headlamps and taillights of cars from the 1950s and ’60s .
It is these mechanical wonders , scattered about the premises , that make the storefront so remarkable on the rural highway .
But once a year , Mr. Heller embarks on something much grander , though the project is often not clear to him until he begins — a system he has come to trust .
THE GENEALOGY OF THE JAPANESE LANGUAGE - Tamil and Japanese - Susumu OHNO Introduction
In search of languages genetically related to Japanese , linguists over the last one hundred years have compared Japanese with almost every other language in the world - not only those of neighbouring peoples such as Ainu , Korean and Indonesian , but even Greek ; yet none of these efforts have succeeded in establishing any kind of kinship .
It was more than ten years ago that interest in the Dravidian languages of South Indian began to spread among some Japanese researchers .
Similarities between Japanese and Dravidian had been first pointed out in the mid-nineteenth century .
In his major work , A Co~nparative Grammar of the Dravidian or South - Indian Family of Language , the English missionary R. Caidwell , cites resemblances and discusses the connection between the two languages .
The Japanese - Dravidian connection was studied in Japan for the first time by Susumu Shiba , who approached the subject from the point of view of religion .
His findings were presented in “ Kodai ni okeru Nihonjin no shikO ” ( Ways of Thinking of Ancient Japanese ) , which appeared in 1970 in the journal Jinbun ronsã ( No.18 , Kyoto Women ’s University ) , and in a later study , “ Dravida - go to Nihongo ” ( Dravidian Languages and Japanese ) , published in the same journal ( No.22-23 , 1973 -74 ) .
Comparative linguist Akira Fujiwara , began publishing the results of his research on Dravidian in 1974 .
In 1981 he put out a book entitled Nihongo wa doko kara kita ka ( Whence the Japanese Language ?
Tokyo : Kodansha ) .
His extensive comparisons of lexical items , comparing a number of words , including some particles and auxiliaries , were impressive .
However , bececaue he took on the Dravidian family as a whole , his methodology was rather clumsy , and he failed to sufficiently demonstrate a kinship with Japanese .
Another problem was that he did not take ancient Dravidian languages into consideration .
Prof. Minoru
Go , who has been engaged mainly in research on Japanese genealogy , with a focus on Altaic for several decades , has also kept an eye trained on Dravidian , although he has not published anything on this subject .
I got my start in this direction when he suggested that I study Telugu , one of the Dravidian languages .
I became the fourth Japanese to undertake the genealogical study of Dravidian and Japanese .
Earlier , I had done comparative research on Korean , Ainu and other languages , and published Nihongo no kigen ( The Origins of the Japanese Language ) ( Tokyo : Iwanami , 1957 ) .
This experience led me to decide to confine my research only to one branch of Dravidian , at first Telugu , and then to Tamil , especially classical Tamil .
I chose Tamil for the following reasons : First , it is a language spoken by a large group of over 48 million .
Second , it is a very old language ; 2,500 Cañkam verses , written in ancient Tam ii between 200 B.C. and 200 A.D. , are preserved .
Third , a detailed grammar of ancient Tamil survives , the Tolkãppiyam , written around the third century B.C. ( Among other Dravidian languages , literature in the Kannada language can be traced back only as far as 1100 A.D. , and that of Telugu , to 1200 A.D. , ) .
Fourth , while dictionaries in other Dravidian languages are small and simple , there is a large Tamil lexicon .
Published in 1936 , the Tamil Lexicon consists of seven volumes compiled over a period of twenty years by a special committee at the University of Madras .
It contains 1,04,000 word entries , giving ancient usages , indicating dialects , and detailed definitions .
An additional reference I have used is A Dravidian Etymological Dictionary , edited by T. Burrow and M.B. Emeneau , which came out in 1960 .
A revised and enlarged edition appeared in 1984 ( hereafter abbreviated DEDR ) .
These are the tools that make possible the accurate comparison of Tarn ii and Japanese as far as the meaning of words and grammatical features are concerned .
The geographic neighbors of Japanese suffer from a dearth of documentary sources going back to earliest times .
The oldest extant documents in Korean were produced in the fifteenth century , and those in Monoglian in the thirteenth century .
The Ainu language does not have a writing system .
This paucity of documents recording the ancient forms of the languages in the vicinity of Japan has been a major stumbling block in the study of the genealogy of Japanese .
Tamil is extremely important in that its very old forms are known to us .
I travelled to South India in 1980 to continue my research , receiving invaluable aid from Ms. Rama Lakshmi and Ms. V.N. Balambal .
On New Year ’s
Day the following year , I showed Prof. Jaroslav Vacek of Charles University in Prague a list of the word correspondences I had collected for Tamil and Japanese .
He kindly took time out of his busy schedule to check over the list with great care .
For one year beginning in the fall of the same year , I studied the reading of classical Tamil at the University of Madras under Prof. Pon. Kothandaraman .
During the winter break I visited the Trichi district , his home village , and was able to observe the old Tam ii New Year ’s celebrations .
In March 1983 , Prof. Arunasalam Sanmugadas , linguist at the University of Jaffna in Sri Lanka , and his wife Manonmani , came to Japan on a Japan Foundation grant , one of their purposes being to assist me in my research .
They had grown interested in the Tam il - Japanese connection after hearing a lecture I gave at the 5th International Conference / Seminar on Tamil Studies held at Madurai in the Tamil state of India in 1981 .
As guest researchers here at Gakushuin University , Mr. and Mrs. Sanmugadas studied classical Japanese literature and are now working on a translation of the Man ‘ yoshu into Tamil .
They have meanwhile continued to give me invaluable assistance in my study of the Tamil language .
They themselves are Tamils , and have taught me much not only about their language but about Tam ii customs as well .
Note : ( Loga )
There will be some inaccuracies in the phonetic symbols .
Please refer to the original for an accurate rendering The Phonetic Systems of Japanese and Tamil a .
Vowels
The oldest writings preserved in Japan , which go back to the eighth century , tell us that ( 1 ) ancient Japanese had eight vowels , that ( 2 ) there was no distinction between long and short vowels , that ( 3 ) diphthongs were strictly avoided , ( 4 ) all syllables ended in a vowel , and that ( 5 ) the eight vowels were divided into two groups .
Group A : a , i , u , o : Group B : e. e : , i : , o The vowels in group A were found in 85 percent of all vowel usage , and those in group B in only 15 percent .
Word roots and the initial parts of words used group A vowels , rarely those of group B .
The same vowel in group A could be repeated with a consonant in between to form a word , such as kata ( hard ) , kimi ( millet ) , ko : to : ( matter ) and turu ( crane ) .
But this was never the case for the vowels in group B .
The vowels in group B are believed to have resulted from the merging of two vowels , as follows : ia > e , ai > e : ui >i : o:i > i : ua > o
From all these , it can be hypothesized that the vowel system prior to the eighth century was made up of four vowels , or those in group A . I compare these four with Tamil vowels .
The old Tamil vowels were : a , a ; i , i ; u , u ; e , e ; and o , o : .
By comparing these with Japanese vowels , I ascertained the followingcorrespondences
Japanese Tamil a a , a: , o, o : i , i , e , e : u u u : o : u , u : b. Consonants Neither Japanese nor Tamil have ( 1 ) clusters of consonants coming at the beginning of words , ( 2 ) double consonants in the middle of words , ( although they occur rarely in Tamil words ) .
Japanese has no cerebrals .
Japanese consonants at head of word k- , s- , t- , n- , F- , m- , y- , w­ consonants mid-word -k- , -s- , -t- , -n- , -F- , -m- , -y- , - w­- -r- ,-g- ,-z- ,-d- ,-b-
Tamil consonants at head of word k- , c- , t- , ii- , n- , p- , m- , y- , v­ consonats mid-word -k- , -c- , -t- , -n- , -p- , -m- , -y- , -v- , -t- , -n- , -r- , -l- , -L- -z- , -R- -G- -n~c- , -nt- , -id- , - mp­- Consonant correspondences are as follows : word - initial Jap./ Tam . Jap./ Tam . Jap./ Tam .
1.k- :k- 1.-k-: -k-,-kk-
2 . -“ g- : - nk­ 3 . s- : c- 3 . -s- : -c- , - cc- 4 . -z- : -n~c­
Jap./ Tam . Jap./ Tam . Jap./ Tam .
5 . t- : t- 5 . -t- : -t-, -U- 6 . -nd- : - nt­ 7 . -t- : -t-,-tt- 8 . -nd-: -nt­- 9.n- : n~ -,n- 9.-n- : n_ , - nn_ - 10 .-n-: -N- , - NN - 11.F- : p- 11 .-F- :-p-,-pp- 12 . - mb-: -mp- 13 . F- : v- 13 . -F- : -v- 14.-~mb- : -v-, -vv­ 15 . m- : m- 15 . -m- : -m- , -mm- 16 . y- : y- 16 . -y- : -y- , -yy - 17 . -r- : - r­ 22.w-. : p- 18.-r-: - I­ 23.w- : v- 23.-w- : -v- 19 .-r- : 24 . -s- : -t-,-tt- 20 . -r- : - I­ 25.s- :t- 25.-s- :-t-,-tt- 21.-r- :- r­ 26 . s- : zero 27 . zero : c 28 . ya : a_ , a , e : , e Note : Zero signifies no corresponding consonant .
Note : ( Loga )
There will be some inaccuracies in the phonetic symbols .
Please refer to the original for an accurate rendering Word Comparison
In comparing Japanese and Tamil words according to the rules of sound correspondence , comparison is confined to word roots or stems .
In Japanese , verbs have the most , clearly defined stems .
Saku ( to bloom ) , the most common type , is a verb with five conjugations in the 8th century , as follows : sak - a , sak - i , sak - u , sak-e : , sak-e
As this shows , the five forms of the verb saku share the same root , sak- , which expresses the basic concept of saku .
This stem functions in actual usage , when it is followed by one of various suffixes , - a , - i , -u , -e : and -e linking it to the next word .
Nouns , too , may conjugate .
Take the word kaze ( wind ) for example .
When combined with another word to make a compound noun , kaze sometimes become kaza , such as kaza - Fana ( “ windflower ” , meaning “ snow or rain falling like flowers in an early winter wind ” ) and kaza - maturi ( “ wind festival ” , or ritual for warding off storms ) .
kaz- is the root of kaze .
The most basic unit of a word , whose further subdivision would deprive the word of its core meaning , is what we call the “ word - root ” .
For Japanese verbs and nouns , the initial part of the word , made up of a consonant - vowel - consonant ( CVC - ) sequence , is the word - root .
Word -roots in Tamil , too , consist of a CVC - sequence , as is well known in the world of linguistics .
In comparing Japanese and Tamil words , therefore , I focus on these CVC - roots , observing the phonemic rules strictly , and only then considering similarities in meaning .
My research has shown very close phonemic correspondences between Japanese and Tamil words , in a comparison of 400 pairs of words , but because of space limitation here , let me give a sample of the correspondences for Japanese “ F ” and Tamil “ p ” and “ pp ” below .
Most of the Japanese samples are words in the ancient language , and the Tamil samples are those found in Cangkam verses .
The entire list is given in Sound Correspondences between Tamil and Japanese ( Tokyo : Gakushuin University , 1980 ) and in Nihongo izen ( Before Japanese ) ( Tokyo : Iwanami Shoten , 1987 ) .
Table 1 . Word Correspondence ( Jap. F : Tam. p. , pp ) J. Far-u ( to swell , expand ) T. Par-u ( to swell { DEDR 3972 ] ) J. Far-ara ( to be broken off ) T. par -i ( to be sundered [ DEDR 3962 ] ) J. Far-uka ( to be far off ) T. par -a ( to be far , wide [ DEDR 3949 ] ) J. Far-a ( the ocean ) T. par-avai ( sea ( DEDR 3949 ] ) J. Fat-akë ( field for cultivation ) T. pa~-ukar ( rice field [ DEDR 3856 ] ) J. Fat-u ( to end , perish , die ) T. pat-u ( to perish , die { DEDR 3852 ] ) J. Fir-o ( wide , great ) T. per-u ( great , large [ DEDR 4411 ] ) J. Fo:k-u ( to eulogize , praise ) T. puk - aJ ( eulogy [ DEDR 4235 ] )
J. Fot -o ( time ) T. pot-u ( time [ DEDR 4559 ] ) J. Far-u ( to become bulky ) T. par-u ( to be bulky [ DEDR 3972 ] ) J. Far-e ( to be diffused , as clouds , gas ) T. par -a ( to be diffused , as clouds {( DEDR 3949 ] ) J. Far -a ( field of sky ) T. par-am ( heaven { T.L.2499 ] ) J. Far-aFu ( to exorcise ) T. Par-avu ( to exorcise [ T.L.2503} ) J. Fat-u ( first , new of the season ) T. pat-u ( to appear for the first time ( DEDR 3852 ] ) J. Fat-u ( to stay [ ship ] ) T. pat-u ( to stay in a harbour [ T.L.244 ] ) J. Fin-a ( rustic ) T. pin ( rear place [ DEDR 4205 ] ) J. Fuk -asu ( to smoke , steam ) T. pok-ai ( to smoke , vapor [ DEDR 4240 ] ) J. För-ö ( cloth cover ) T. por-vai ( covering [ DEDR 4590 ] ) J. For-u ( to desire ) T. pur-i ( to desire [ DEDR 4287 ] ) J. Fut -a ( cover , lid ) T. put - ai ( to bury , hide , cover [ DEDR 4509 ] ) J. Fut -o ( to be bulky ) T. pu~-ai ( bulkiness , protuberance [ DEDR 4253 ] ) J. Fur-c ( village ) T. pul-am ( village , place [ DEDR 4303 ] ) J. Fun-c ( ship ) T. puri-ai ( raft , boat [ DEDR 4321 ] ) J. FOr-ö ( tumor , abscess ) T. purr-u ( scrofulous , scurby one [ DEDR 4336 ]
J. taF -uru ( to die ) T. tap-u ( to perish , die ( DEDR 3068 ] ) J. öF -ö ( big , to flourish ) T. upp-u ( to become big , bloat [ DEDR 666 ] ) J. aF -u ( to meet , be fit ) T. opp-u ( to agree , be fit [ DEDR 924 ] ) J. köF-u ( to beg ) T. kupp-u ( to join hand as in worship [ DEDR 1894 ] ) J. tuF -a ( spittle ) T. tupp-al ( saliva [ DEDR 3323 ] ) J. suF-u ( to suck ) T. cüpp-u ( to suck , sip [ DEDR 2621 ] )
The sound “ F - ” shown above is pronounced “ h - ” today .
It is widely accepted among Japanese linguists that this “ F - ” was ‘- p-‘ in prehistoric Japanese .
“ Japanese F- : Tamil p , pp ” , therefore , is the same thing as “ Japanese - p : Tamil p , pp ” .
A comparison of kinship terms in the two languages also indicates a connection .
Many kinship terms which are not mentioned in the oldest extant documents ( 8th century ) and which have not been found in mainstream Japanese since then have been preserved in dialects spoken in the northeastern end of Honshu and the south western tip of the Japanese archipelago .
The reason for this is still unknown , but it has been discovered that corresponding kinship terms existed systematically in old Tamil .
It is , therefore , difficult to dismiss the similarities as accidental .
Table 2 . Japanese and Tamil Kinship Terms Japanese Dialects Old Tamil Tohoku ( Northeast ) Ryukyus Region Father accha Iwate , Aomori chan ( Amami , accan ( Shimokita ) Kakeroma Is. ) acha Okinoerabu , Yoron , Yaeyama Is. acha , aja Aomori ( Nishi - Kikai , Tokunoshima , Tsugaru ) , Akita Okinoerabu , Yonaguni ( Hiraka ) Is. 53 aya Aornori ( Tsugaru ) .
Ishigakijima ayy ã Iwate ( Kokonoe ) tanda Akita , Iwate , tantai Yamagata , Niigata Mother ãya Aomori ( Shimokita ) ayã Okinawa ( Shun ) ãyãl aya Aomori ( Shimokita ) , Akita , Yamagata , Niigata aecha Aomori ( Taugaru ) asse ; Amami accaJ ata > ada Yamagata ( Mogami ) attal appa Aomori ( Tsugaru ) , Tanegashima , Akita ( Kazuno ) , Okinawa , Iwate appa ( grandmother ) : Yaeyama , avvai Iriomote aba Aomori ( Tsugaru ) , Akita amma Fukui , Ishikawa , Amami , Okinawa , ammai Mie , Köchi Yaeyama , Iriomote , amrn ã Okinawa , Amami , Yoron , Kume , Yaeyama Elder anny ã
Fukushima , Yama - anna brother gata , Niigata , Jshikwa Elder anne Iwate , Fukushima , annai sister Niigata , Ibaraki Grammatical Correspondences
The following are some of my findings through typological comparison .
1 . Nouns do not decline .
2 .Subject is followed by predicate .
Examples Tamil : veeniL pooyiRRu Japanese : Haru sarinu .
( Spring has gone . )
Tarnil : Katal peritu .
Japanese : Urni hiroshi .
( The sea is vast . )
3 . Adjective comes before noun .
Tamil : ven tiGkal Japanese : siroki tuki ( white moon ) Tamil : cern malar Japanese : akaki hana ( red flowers ) 4 . Adverb comes before verb ..
Tamil : Mella nata .
Japanese : Yukkuri aruku .
( Slowly walk .
[ Walk slowly . ] )
Tarnil : Enrum aruLal veeNtum .
Japanese : Tune - ni ataFu besi .
( Always give should .
[ ( You ) should always give . ] )
5 . Object comes before verb .
Tamil : Kallin naatpali uutti .
Japanese : Isi ni sasagemono o situ .
( Stone on offerings put .
[ ( I ) put the offerings on the stone . ] )
6 . There are no relative pronouns .
Tam ii :
Avar irunta en nenjcu .
Japanese : Kare sumu waga kokoro .
( He lives my heart .
[ My heart , in which he lives . ] )
7.Auxiliary verb comes after the verb and at the end of sentence .
Tamil : Enntuum pariyal veeNdaa .
Japanese : Sukosi mo doojoo subekarazu .
( Not at all , sympathize should not .
[ ( You ) should not sympathize at all . ] )
8. Auxiliary forms follow a specific order .
For example : 1 . verb , 2 . causative , 2 . passive , 4 . aspect , 5 . negative , 6 . tense and 7 . interrogative , as in the following sentence .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Tamil : Nata - tta - ppat - tat - anr - um - kollo .
Japanese : Yuk - ase - rare - tara - zara - mu-ka .
( Go make be have been not may ?
[ Have I not been made to go ? ] )
9 . Particle comes after noun and verb .
Tamil Arul urn anpu urn aRan urn Japanese : Megumi mo ai mo gimu o hatasu hito mo ( Favor too , love too , duty fulfill person too [ ( favor , love and persons who fulfill duties Tamil Entai vantu uraittanan .
Japanese : Watasi no titi ga kite katatta .
( My father came and said . ) 10 .
Interrogative form has interrogative particle at the end of a sentence .
Tamil : Yaatu cevaan - kol .
Japanese : Nani suru ka .
[ What do you do ? ] )
Tamil : oori kolloo , allan kolloo Japanese :
Ori ka hoka no hito ha .
( Ori ? another person ?
[ On , or another person ? ] )
11 . Unlike in Japanese , the personal suffix comes at the end of a Tamil verb , but this was not always the rule at a time when CaGkam poems were written , and never the case in the Malayalam language .
These facts seem to show that the use of the personal suffix was a later development .
12 . Japanese demonstrative pronouns - “ ko ” ( indicating objects “ near ” ) , “ so ” ( “ middle ” ) , “ a ” ( “ far ” ) , and “ idu ” ( “ when , where ” ) - correspond to Tamil pronouns , “ i ” , “ u ” , “ a ” and “ e ” .
The list below details the correspondences .
Japanese near middle far indefinite ko : so : ka( a ) i thing ko : - re so : - re ka -.re idu-re ( a- re )
place ko :-k : so :- ko : ka -siko id - uku ( a - soko ) direction ko - ti so - ti ( a - ti ) idu - ti ( ko- nata ) ( so - nata ) ( a - nata ) relation ko :- no : so : no : ka- no : ( a - no ) Tamil near middle indefinite u a e thing i- tu u-tu a - tu e-tu place i- Gku u- Gku a - hku e-Gku direction i- Gke : u- Gke : a - Gke : e-Gkee : i-vvitam u-vvitam a - vvitam e-vvitam relation i- nta u-nta a - nta e-nta Note 1 .
Because of consonant correspondence ( 26 ) and vowel correspondence ( 6 ) , the Japanese ~‘so ” corresponds to the Tamil “ u ” .
2 . The pronoun “ a ” that began to appear in the Heian period ( 794-1192 ) may have been a result of sound shift from “ ka ” , but it may also be that “ a ” had been in use since much earlier and appeared for the first time in the Heian - period documents .
If the latter is the case , the demonstrative pronoun indicating objects far was the same between old Tamil and Japanese .
3 . Because of the vowel correspondence ( 4 ) , the indefinite pronoun “ i ” in Japanese corresponds to “ e ” in Tamil .
3 . From these , we can say that the stems of the “ middle ” , “ far ” and “ indefinite ” demonstrative pronouns were very similar between Tamil and Japanese .
Particle and Auxiliaries Below is a list of particles and auxiliary verb correspondences between the two languages .
Table 3 . Particle and Auxiliary Verb Correspondences Japanese Tamil Particles ( postposition ) 1 . Case indicator particle 2 . i.
Follows the noun to link it with tu atu another noun .
no in ga aka , akam ii .
Follows the noun to link it with a verb ni in to o~:u 3 . Conjunctional [ ? ] particle 4 . Follows the verb to link it with another verb .
te tu 3 .
Adverbial particle Fa vay mo : urn Denotes a preceding word to be the topical ka ku : , kol about which something is said .
Essential ya ya * ya :> e:. aa for making a sentence .
Not related to case .
Auxiliary verbs 1 .
Makes the verb transitive and causative .
asu ttu Makes the verb intransitive and passive .
aru ar , ir 2 .
Perfect voice Transitive verb tu tt Intransitive verb nu nt Conjunctional form an ir 3 .
Tense Past k . . . .
Future mu urn 4 . Other Obligation , necessity be : si ve :
Nd ( I have shown the examples of corresponding sounds and usages of these particles in “ Nihongo Izen ” ( Before Japanese , Iwanarni 1987 , pp.247-328 ) . )
Some of the correspondences shown above may be difficult to accept .
Some Tamil particles and auxiliaries begin with a vowel , but their Japanese counterparts do not .
They are : Tamil Japanese atu tu in no .
aka , akam ga in_ ni otu to : um rno : um mu
The reason for this may be explained as follows .
Throughout the history of the Japanese language , the last syllable of a word invariably ends in a vowel .
So , if a particle following it began with a vowel , a diphthong would have occurred .
Diphthongs , however , were strictly avoided in ancient Japanese .
When a vowel was combined with another , a consonant might be put between them , or one of the vowels dropped .
The later was common .
That is why almost no Japanese particles begin with a vowel .
( The only exception is the particle “ i ” , but it may have been pronounced “ yi ” . )
In Tarnil , there are many words which end in a consonant .
They can be easily followed by a particle that begins with a vowel .
When a particle that begins with a vowel follows a word that ends in a vowel , “ v ” or “ y ” is often inserted between the vowels .
Alternatively , either the vowel at the end of the preceding word or the vowel at the beginning of the following particle is dropped .
For example : Pu : in_ ( of flower ) pu:vin [ “ - v- ” inserted ]
Ce:mpu in ( of plant ) ce:mpin [ “ - u - ” dropped ]
If we assume that when a noun or a verb was followed by a particle the vowel at the beginning of that particle was always dropped , we can say that the Japanese particles correspond to Tarnil particles , taking a form that has dropped the initial vowel .
The consonant / vowel correspondences between Japanese and Tamil in the particles and auxiliary verbs listed above are all supported by the consonant - vowel correspondences in the word roots of noun , adjective , and verb .
Critiques of the Ohno Hypothesis
The possibility of a genealogical relationship between Japanese and Tamil suggested by the data I have cited in part above came under vociferous attack in Japan in 1981 - 82 .
Critics against me claim that my findings are false and my research is riddled with errors .
Among them is Muneo Tokunaga , one of the very few Japanese who understand the Tamil language .
He wrote ( my translation ) : I have studied Prof .
Ohno ’s lists of correspondences , but believe they reveal his ignorance of the phonetic system peculiar to Tamil , lack of attention to Dravidian sound systems and word structure , and the phonemic changes unique to southern Dravidian languages , as well as the misuse of A Dravidian Etymological Dictionary ( DED ) .
He selected words arbitrarily from the DED , distorted their meanings , and misunderstood their English translations .
His work disregards the achievements of Dravidian linguistics research conducted over the last century .
As a Tamil specialist , I find absolutely no scholarly value in the Ohno theory .
If Professor Ohno thinks my argument alone is not enough , I advise him to ask leading Dravidianists overseas for comments ( most important of whom are Bh , Krishnamurti , Hyderabad ; K.V. Zvelebil , Utrecht ; and M. Andronov , Moscow .
They should not include scholars in the Tamilnadu state , who are so eager for attention from overseas . )
( Bulletin of the Kokusai Gengo Kagaku Kenkyujo , Kyoto Industrial University , 2 - 1 , March 1981 , p.9 . )
With the exception of Tokunaga , most of my critics have little knowledge of the Tamil language and their knowledge of ancient Japanese is superficial .
None of the native Tamil speakers who cooperated in my research have doubted any basic connection between Japanese and Tamil .
Below I would like to mention three Western scholars who commented on my theory , two Europeans and an American .
Their comments were made on the basis of my publications in English , which consist thus far of two books and two papers as follows : Sound Correspondences between Tamil and Japanese ( Gakushuin University , 1980 ) A Study on the Relationship between Tamil and Japanese ( I.J.D.L. , Vol. XII , No.2 , 1983 ) .
“ The Loss of Initial C in Tamil and S in Japanese ” ( Uyaröyvu , University of Madras , 1983 ) “ Worldview and Rituals among Japanese and Tamils ” ( Gakushuin University , 1985 ) .
Kamil V. Zvelebil was the first person to give serious attention to my work an extended encouragement to me .
He kindly sent me his books and papers on the Dravidian Languages , and also gave me much advice .
In his essay “ Tamil and Japanese - Are They Related ?
The Hypothesis of Susumu Ohno ” ( Bulletin of the school of Oriental and African Studies [ B.S.O.A.S. ] , Univeristy of London , Vol. XLVIII , part 1 , 1985 he says :
One general remark at the outset : a distinction must be made between evidence and proof
Is there any valid evidence at all for a ( genetic ? ) relationship between Tamil and Japanese ?
This question in my opinion , expressed with utmost caution , may be answered in the positive .
On the other hand , if we ask about proof of such relationship , there is , so far , none .
However , the evidence - in matters of deep grammar , lexicon , and probably even in phonology - is such that the positing of some kind of non-accidental connexion between Japanese and Tamil ( Dravidian ) is not intrinsically ruled out .
It would be premature , sweepingly to dismiss such a hypothesis as impossible and fantastic .
Going into more detail , Zvelebil writes :
In Sound Correspondences
Ohno also dealt briefly with phonology ; but more importantly , he has discussed two problems pertaining to phonology in the two papers mentioned above .
Although the paper on the loss of the initial affricate / sibilant in Tamil / Japanese ( April , 1982 ) may be somewhat lacking in philological sophistication , the phenomenon itself is striking ; we must not forget , however , that this tendency is in fact confined to South Dravidian and is strongest in Tamil - Malayalam .
It points rather to parallel but unconnected developments in the two languages or groups of languages .
Nevertheless , even a common tendency , though not a proof of genetic relationship and a ‘ special connexion ’ , points to shared trend or direction in phonological development and should not be dismissed altogether , particularly in the light of other cumulative evidence .
The August 1982 paper on intervocalic - p - is thought - provoking indeed ; according to Ohno , intervocalic - p - actually did exist in old Tarnil , at least in a few relic forms , and it corresponds to Japanese - F- which developed from earlier - p - .
This Japanese - F- is ‘ voiceless ’ and ‘ bilabial ’ .
Some Dravidianists ( Emeneau , Krishnamurti ) do not reconstruct *...p.. even for the proto stage but according to D.W. McAlpin , for example , it seems best to maintain it since the contrast helps separate - v- ( - ~ p - ) from a possible * v. and from other shifts .
In mymanual of comparative Dravidian phonology I discussed this problem at some length and tended rather to maintain an intervocalic *..p... Now Ohno cites a Japanese correspondence for the Tamil lapu ‘ to kill ’ ( which he correctly locates in the old Tamil grammar Tolkãppiyam , aithogh he greatly antedates the work into the fifth century B.C ) , viz , taFu - .
If we accept this correspondence , it would support our hypothesis of the reconstruction of a pre-Tamil *..p.. for Dravidian .
According to Ohno whereas the contrast of - p-; -v- was lost in Tamil , it has been preserved in Jap .
-F-; -b-. Prof. Vacek , too , refers to my work in “ The Dravido - Altaic Relationship ” ( Archly Orienta7nl2 VOl.55/1987 ACADEMIA PRAHA ) .
He has some reservations about the semantic correspondences , expressed as follows :
On the whole , Ohno ’s work is an interesting attempt which will obviously be subjected to further revisions , but it seems that the sum total of the sound correspondences makes their accidental appearance impossible .
Some of his etymologies could also be enlarged by Mongolian parallels , ....
But he also says : Personally we consider as most persuasive such etymologies in which the relation is direct - verb to verb , noun to noun - with a relatively exact semantic agreement .
Etymologies in which in one language we have a verb and iii the other a noun are possible , it is true , but at this stage of research into this subject they are less persuasive ....
Prof. Roy Andrew Miller of Washington University , in the United States , attacked Zvelebil ’s cool appraisal in a severely critical essay , “ Tamil and Japanese ? ” ( B.S.O.A.S. , Vol. XLIX , part 3 , 1986 ) , dismissing my findings altogether .
He says , “ Ohno has studded his 1980 book , and indeed all his books and papers , with hundreds of alleged Japanese linguistic forms that are entirely imaginary , ‘ words ’ that are attested for no known stage of the language , ‘ words ’ that can neither be cited nor documented - forms that are , most simply put , lexical ghosts ” .
I wrote a response to this salvo and sent it to the editor of the B.S.O.A.S. , This respected journal , however , apparently does not wish to follow through the debate .
Although I feel that pursuing the debate is not nearly as important as getting on with my research and that it will take a very long time before this theory can be sufficiently tested , I wish to defend myself on several accounts .
1 . Miller claims that I have encountered criticism in Japan for my findings presented in Nihongo to Tamirugo [ Japanese and Tamil ] ( Tokyo : Shinchosha , 1980 ) .
I was frankly astonished by much of the hubbub at that time for I realized that my critics were for the most part neither scholars of old Japanese nor of Tamil .
As they are unfamiliar with the ancient literature , they could not comprehend the forms and meanings of the words I was citing .
At the time , no university in the country was actively studying the possibility of a Tamil - Japanese connection , but as a result of my probing the issue , the University of Tokyo as well as Gakushiin University where I teach , opened up an inquiry into the matter .
There was suddenly a surge of media coverage of the subject , and I found myself , although at the beginning of my research , in the center of a nationwide debate .
I am still avidly pursuing my research into the matter , and a verdict has not yet been reached concerning the extent of the correspondence between Tam ii and Japanese .
2 . Since January 1983
I have been presenting my findings in Kaishaku to kansho : ( Interpretation and Appreciation ) , one of the leading scholarly journals in the field .
I have so far presented over 300 words in each language , and precisely explained the form , meaning and source of each correspondence .
Some of them may be off the mark - scholars of the future will sort out the facts and build on my findings to make further revelations - but Miller ’s claim that out of 12 words he considered from my list only 2 ( 17 % ) are possibly accurate is a gross miscalculation that harms the credibility of my research .
Below I will answer his charges directly .
As each of the examples with their technicalities takes up a lot of space to explain , I will here limit myself to four of the words .
i)
Although Miller claims that “ Jap. Kaer - < KaFer - is properly ‘ to turn over , go upside down , not capsize ’ “ , there is clear evidence that it does mean ‘ to capsize ’ .
One assumes that he is familiar , as is any student of Japanese literature , with the eighth century poetry anthology , Man ‘ yoshu , in which appears the following example : Ofobune wo !
kogino susumi ni/ifa ni fun !
kaferaba kaferel imo ni yoritefa ( #557 ) .
( If I cannot marry her , my big ship which I row along may capsize by running against a great rock ) .
As I did not write the words “ ship ” and “ row ” for the above poem , I hope Miller will concede that my presenting KaFer - ’s meaning as “ capsize ” is not “ juggl ( ing ) the evidence to make it appear to be much better than it is ” .
I can understand , however , that as he is probably only familiar with modern Japanese , this example , known by any graduate in Japanese literature , appears to Miller to be one of my “ ghosts ” .
Miller also quotes the Vocabulario da lingoa de laparn corn a declaraqão em Portugues ( Nagasaki , 1603 ) , giving the impression that he uses the volume .
Why did he then fail to note that in the supplement clearly appears the entry : Cayeri , eru , etta .
Funega cayeru .
( A ship capsizes ) Virarse , ou emborcarse a embarcação . ( p. 338 V ) . ii )
Miller states that “ kara “ stone ” ( is ) a form totally unknown to any Japanese , or in Japanese dictionary ” , and elsewhere that “ kar “ stone ” does not , and never did , exist ” .
Allow me to contradict him with the evidence , taken from valid sources read by all in the field .
The twelfth century A.D. dictionary , Myogisho ( Tokyo : Kazama Shobo , 1962 ) , gives 4 Chinese characters which mean “ stone mortar ” ; Japanese kana characters ( romanized below ) are presented for each Chinese equivalent : ~ kara-usu ( p.598 ) ~ kara-usu ( p.603 ) ~ kara-usu ( p.602 ) ~ I11 kara-usu ( p.607 )
We can see that in all 4 characters above is included the radical for “ stone ” , “.~ “ .
Moreover , in all standard and dialectal Japanese we have the following doublets , given in Zenkoku hogenjiten ( Tokyo : Tokyodo , 1951 ) : dialectal standard meaning dialectal standard meaning gani kani crab gabu kabu stump gama kame tortoise gasu kasu dregs gama kama pit , hole gara ( kara ) stones According to the above example , the dialectal form “ gara ” corresponds to the standard form “ kara ” ( p.204 ) .
“ Gara ” once again appears as a dialectal form meaning “ stone ” in the highly authoritative Nihon kokugo daijiten Vol.5 ( Tokyo : Shogakukan , 1974 ) , p. 176 , and its usage is widespread , found on Sado Island , and in the Niigata , Mie , Kyoto , Nara and Toyama prefectures .
One can see from the above how an untrained student in the field , ignorant of ” gara ” and unaware of the dialectal correspondence between “ k ” and “ g ” might be led to mistakenly believe that I invented “ kara ” ; however , a closer reading of a wide range of materials attests to the credibility of my claim .
iii )
The Tamil word “ tapu ” means “ to kill , to die ” .
Miller believes , however , that the words I regard as being the corresponding Japanese verbs , “ tafuru ” ( intransitive ) and “ tafusu ” ( transitive ) , are my inventions .
It is true that the old forms no longer appear in modern dictionaries , as they have changed to “ taoreru ” and “ taosu ” .
Possiblythat is why Miller doubts their existence .
However , in the 12th century dictionary , Myogisho , Chinese characters for the words appear with their meaning in Japanese kana characters : * tafuru this Chinese character illustrates a human being falling and dying .
( p.27 ) ~ tafuru : the radicai ” ~ ’in this character means “ death ” . ( p.890 ) ~. tafuru : the radical “ ~“ in this character means “ corpse ” . ( p.886 ) Both “ tafuru ” and “ tafusu ” also appear in Jidai - betsu kokugo daijiten ( Tokyo : Sanseido , 1967 ) p.439 , and in Ni/ion kokugo da~jiten , Vol. 12 , p.656 with the meaning of ” to kill , to make fall down ” and “ to die , to fall down ” .
Therefore , in the light of other research that confirms a correlation between Japanese - f- and Tamil - p- , it seems to me that a possible correspondence between Japanese “ tafuru / tafusu ” and Tamil “ tapu ” is not so far - fetched .
Certainly it is an exaggeration to claim that I am inventing ghosts .
I just happen to read more widely than Miller. iv )
Regarding the~ old Japanese word “ aze / aje ” , Miller states , “ the Vocabulario tells us nothing about ‘ reed instrument ’ or ‘ pressing down the threads ’ , and all these are no more than figments of imagination ” .
However , anyone who reads past the head words into the explanations themselves in the Vocabulario will find the following :
Aje : Espa9o da ordidura do tear quando se desencontr ~to huns fibs dos outros abaixandose huns , & aleuantandose outros .
( Space in the arranging of the warp , where the threads cross when one set is pressed low and the other raised . )
Ajedake : Huas duas canas que atrauesão na tea pera senão emburulhar o fiodo , ou a ordidura .
( Two canes which pass across the web of cloth so that the spun or woven part does not become entangled . )
Compare these to the explanation of Tamil “ accu ” in Tarnil Lexicon ( Madras : Madras Univ. , 1936 ) : Weaver ’s reed instrument for pressing down the threads of the woof .
Comb - like frame in a loom through which the warp threads are passed and by which they are pressed or battened together .
( p.25 ) Miller writes as if the sound ‘ ~ je ” in “ aje ” came from old “ de . ”
It is true that the following change took place in the history of Japanese :
di >d31 > ji thus “ di ” and the original “ ji ” were fused together .
du > dzu >zu thus “ du ” and the original “ zu ” were fused together .
But “ je ” ( / ze / and / je / had no differentiation ) in the Middle Ages could not have derived from old “ de ” .
From this example , we can see that Miller is mistaken and that the old Japanese “ aze / aje ” could be related to “ reed instrument ” or “ pressing down the threads ” .
My example refuting Miller ’s hasty conclusions regarding the validity of my research could be expanded , but these few should at least make it amply clear that he is basing his remarks on only a superficial reading of a small body of reference materials .
3 . As for why some of the words I bring forth to support my claims of correspondence are not in the dictionary I co-authored , Kogojiten ( Tokyo : Iwanami , 1974 ) , Miller clearly does not realise that it was published on a relatively small scale , and aimed at university students .
It only contains about 42,000 words in total , unlike the Nihon kokugo daijiten which contains about 4,50,000 words .
If a word does not appear in my dictionary , it in no way implies that the word is a fabrication .
If so , what can we say for the 4,0 8,000 “ ghosts ” that are catalogued in the Nihon kokugo dajiten ?
I was delighted to read in Prof.
Zvelebil ’s unprejudiced article ( B.S.O.A.S. , XLV1II , 1 , 1985 , pp.1 16-120 ) that he calls for a fair examination of the evidence before any hasty conclusions are drawn .
In contrast I was equally disappointed to read how someone like Miller , who has obviously only a cursory knowledge of old Japanese and appears unable to use classical dictionaries , should try to poison the atmosphere of international cooperation in tackling the knotty , as yet unsolved problem of the genealogy of the Japanese language .
I fully agree with Miller that “ at the very least , the study of these questions will also need the services of someone able , and willing , to look up words in a Japanese dictionary , if we are ever really to learn anything about Tamil and Japanese ” .
Unfortunately it seems that Miller has to use other than modern dictionaries and also has to read original texts of Japanese classical literature if he wants to keep abreast of these matters .
Conclusion
The evidence for a Japanese - Tamil relationship can be further accumulated , and this will increase the possibility that a linkage can be proven .
The questions that will quickly follow , then , are when and how their connection began .
There are three possibilities .
One is that language was transmitted ( from India ) to Japan by land .
Another is that it was transmitted by sea .
The third possibility is that an intermediary language existed - possibly in what is presently the Chinese province of Yunnan , or further west - and that it was carried southward to India and eastward to Japan .
Deciding when and how the Japanese - Tam ii relationship began , however , is a task for the future .
BIBLIOGRAPHY 1856 Caldwell , R. A Comparative Grammar of the Dravidian or South Indian Family of Languages .
Madras : University of Madras .
1957 Ohno , Susumu Nihongo no kigen ( The Origins of the Japanese Language ) .
Iwanami Shinsho series .
Tokyo : Iwanami Shoten .
1970 Shiba , Susuinu “ Kodai ni okeru Nihonjin no shiko ( 1 ) ” ( Ways of Thinking of Ancient Japanese , Part 1 ) .
Jinbun ronso , Vol.18 ( Kyoto Women ’s University ) .
1971 Shiba , Susumu “ Arutai - kei minzoku no shu : kyO hyo : shO ” ( On the Religion of the Altaic Peoples ) .
Speech delivered at the Japanese Society of Ethonology ( Tokyo ) .
1973 Shiba , Susumu “ Dravida - go to Nihongo ( 1 ) ” ( Dravidian Languages and Japanese , Part 1 ) .
Jinbun ronso , vol.22 ( Kyoto Women ’s University ) .
1974 Shiba , Susumu “ Dravida - go to Nihongo ( 2 ) ” ( Dravidian Languages and Japanese , Part 2 ) , Jinbun ronso , vol.23 ( Kyoto Women ’s University ) .
1974 Shiba , Susumu “ Dravida - go to Nihongo : Sushi no hikaku o chushin ni ” ( Dravidian Languages and Japanese , With focus on Comparison of Numerals ) .
Speech at the Japanese Society of Ethnology .
Fujiwara , Akira “ Cho ( Ga , Kaiko , Komori , Tako ) Ko ” ( On Butterflies [ Moths , Silkworms , Bats , Kites ] ) .
Speech at the Society for the Study of Japanese Language .
Fujiwara , Akira “ A Comparative Vocabulary of Parts of the Body of Japanese and Uralic Languages , With the Backing Up of Altaic Languages , Kokuryoan , and Korean ” , Gengo ken / cvu , Vol. 65 .
Fujiwara , Akira “ Japanese , Dravidian and Scythian with Special Reference to the Vocabulary of Parts of the Body ” , Kinki Daigaku Kyoyo - bu kenkyu kiyo , 6 - 2 .
Go , Minoru “ New Guinea no Nan- go ni tsuite ” ( On the Nan Languages in New Guinea ) .
Gengo kenkyu , vol.65 .
1975 Fujiwara , Akira “ Japanese and Dravidian with Special Reference to Words Beginning with Original * K.. ” .
Kinki Daigaku Kyoyobu kenku kiyo , 7 - 2. 1976 Fujiwara , Akira “ Nihongo to Dravida shogo ” ( Japanese and Dravidian Languages ) , Gengo kenkyu , Vol.70 .
1979 Fujiwara , Akira “ Nihongo no shikisai - mei kigen ” ( The Origin of Japanese Color Words ) .
Kinki Daigaku Kyoyo - bu kenkyu kiyo , 10 -.2 . Fujiwara , Akira “ Nihongo no kiso doshigo no kigen ” ( The Origin of Japanese Basic Verbs . )
Gengo kenkyu , vol.76 .
Go , Minoru “ Nihongo no kigen o motomete ” ( In Search of the Origins of the Japanese Language ) .
Nihon bunka , vol .
4 . 1980 Ohno , Susumu “ Kosho Nihongo to Tamil - go ” ( A Historical Study of Japanese and Tamil ) .
Gengo , Jan. - Oct. Fujiwara , Akira Nihongo no kiso doshi no kigen ( The Origins of Japanese Basic Verbs ) .
Gendai - no Esprit series .
Tokyo : Shibun do .
Shiba , Susumu Dravida - go to Nihongo ( Dravidian Languages and Japanese .
Gendai - no - Esprit series .
Tokyo : Shibun do .
1980 Go , Minoru Papua - go to Nihongo to no hikaku ( Comparision of Papuan and Japanese ) .
Gendai - no - Esprit series .
Tokyo : Shibun do .
Ohno , Susumu Sound Correspondences between Tamil and Japanese .
Tokyo : Gakushuin University .
Ohno , Susumu Nihongo no seiritsu ( The Origins of the Japanese Language ) , Tokyo : Chuo Koron sha .
Fujiwara , Akira “ Nihon - Dravida hikaku goi , a - i ” ( Comparison of Japanese and Dravidian words , “ A ” - “ 1 ” ) .
Kinki Daigaku Kyoyo - bu kenkyu kiyo , 12 - 1 . 1981 Fujiwara , Akira “ Nihon - Dravida hikaku goi , u-o , sa ” ( Comparison of Japanese and Dravidian words “ u ” - ” o ” , “ Sa ” ) .
Kinki Daigaku Kyoyo - bu kenkyukiyo , 12 - 3 .
There certainly were a lot of disturbing questions raised by Colorado U.S. attorney Troy Eid's refusal to prosecute three white - supremacist tweakers caught conspiring to assassinate Barack Obama before this year 's Democratic National Convention in Denver .
( Brad Jacobson and Nicole also reported on this . )
Now , as Jacobson reports at Raw Story , those questions are taking on a serious cast :
Interviews with numerous legal experts suggest that Colorado US Attorney Troy Eid misled reporters and diverged from state law when declining to prosecute any of the three men arrested in Denver for threatening to assassinate Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama .
Eid , who was appointed by President George W. Bush in 2006 , declined to prosecute the three men on charges of threatening to assassinate Barack Obama during his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention , saying that the suspects were " just a bunch of meth heads " and their words failed to meet the legal standard for " true threat . " ...
But multiple legal experts interviewed by RAW STORY -- including criminal and constitutional law scholars , former Assistant US Attorneys and Denver - area defense lawyers also familiar with Colorado state law -- agreed that voluntary intoxication is not exculpatory and that such a claim , especially for a prosecutor , is unorthodox .
While it may be presented in an effort to reduce a sentence after a conviction , experts say it is normally the domain of defense counsel .
" It 's very unusual , " says Scott Horton , a Columbia Law School professor who also writes for Harper 's Magazine .
" Basically , you have a US Attorney trotting out the sort of arguments that defense counsel makes on a plea for reduced sentencing . "
Legal experts say that Eid's definition of true threat directly conflicts with the statue covering threats to presidential candidates , 18 U.S.C. 879 , which defines the threat as " whoever knowingly and willfully threatens to kill , kidnap , or inflict bodily harm upon a major candidate for the office of President or Vice President , or a member of the immediate family of such candidate . "
Be sure to read the whole thing .
There should be a congressional investigation of Eid's misfeasance in this case , because it sends a chilling message :
If you 're a white supremacist who wants to target Obama for assassination -- as a number of them appear to be doing -- Bush 's Justice Department will give you a slap on the wrist and look the other way should you get caught .
I doubt that was what they intended , but that has been the end result .
Buran reusable orbiter
During 1970s and 1980s , the USSR developed a winged spacecraft known as Buran ( Snowstorm ) designed to serve as a " parallel " response to the perceived military threat from the US Space Shuttle .
The Buran development was conducted within the Reusable Space System program , or MKS , which included the winged orbiter itself and the Energia heavy - lift vehicle .
Pre-Buran developments
The idea of using winged vehicles for space flight has been in the minds of space enthusiasts since the dawn of the space era .
In Russia , Tsiolkovsky and Tsander considered airplanes among other means of reaching outer space .
Practical attempts to install rocket engine on winged vehicles were made in Germany and in the USSR in the 1930s .
Sergei Korolev and his colleagues at the Reactive Research Institute , RNII , worked on the RP - 318 rocket glider equipped with a rocket engine .
During World War II , in Germany , rocket pioneer Eugene Sanger and mathematician Irene Bredt , proposed a so - called " antipode bomber , " which would be capable of attacking New York after a rocket - powered launch and a gliding reentry into the atmosphere over the Atlantic Ocean .
At the end of the war , both the United States and the USSR obtained copies of the Sanger - Bredt report on the " antipode bomber , " which became the basis for research in the field on both sides of the Atlantic .
In the US , the Air Force launched the Dyna Soar project .
It envisioned a manned glider launched into orbit on top of the Titan - 3 rocket and landing on a runway like a glider .
In the USSR , Vladimir Chelomei , the head of the OKB - 52 design bureau of the Ministry Aviation Industry , MAP , specialized in the development of the winged cruise missiles .
He was one of the first in the country to push the idea of a manned winged orbiter .
Also , from the mid-1960s , the Mikoyan design bureau was developing a small reusable spacecraft called Spiral .
This mini-shuttle would be launched on the back of a hypersonic aircraft , itself capable of reaching Mach 6 ( or six times of the speed of sound ) .
After separation from the carrier aircraft , the Spiral would be powered by an attached rocket stage .
Development of the Buran orbiter
At the beginning of the 1970s , the US made the Space Shuttle a primary project of its manned space program .
According to NASA predictions , the Space Shuttle would replace the entire fleet of existing rockets and lower the cost of launching satellites .
However , in the USSR , the Space Shuttle was viewed first of all as a carrier of nuclear weapons .
In 1976 , despite apparent skepticism in the space industry , the Soviet government decided to respond to the " Shuttle threat " with a similar spacecraft .
( 108 ) The February 17 decree mandated the development of the reusable space system , MKS , which was to include a booster , a space plane , an orbital space tug , ground control and maintenance infrastructure .
The document required the space plane to be able to deliver up 30 tons and return up to 20 tons while reaching high - inclination orbits with an altitude of 200 kilometers .
NPO Energia in Kaliningrad , Moscow Region , subordinated to the Ministry of General Machine Building , MOM , took overall responsibility for the development of the system named Energia - Buran .
Unlike NASA , Valentin Glushko , the head of NPO Energia , proposed a configuration where a heavy - lift launcher could be used with or without a winged orbiter .
Also in 1976 , the Ministry of Aviation Industry , MAP , transferred a group of veterans of the Spiral project from the Mikoyan design bureau and OKB Raduga into the newly formed NPO Molniya .
The new organization also absorbed the KB Burevestnik and KB Molniya design bureaus , as well as the Myasishev Experimental Mashine Building Plant .
NPO Molniya would be responsible for the development of the aerodynamic body of the orbiter .
( 106 )
From the beginning , uncertainty surrounded the issue of possible roles for the Buran orbiter .
Potential tasks concentrated around hypothetic military roles and support for the manned space station program .
One goal was the delivery and assembly of the Mir - 2 space station .
Aftermath
After a single flight in 1988 , the program quickly ran out of funds , as the Soviet Ministry of Defense fully realized the lack of purpose for the system , compared to its tremendous cost .
The cost of launching around 20 tons of payload on the Energia - Buran system was estimated at 270 million rubles , comparing to 5.5 million rubles to deliver a similar mass on the Proton rocket .
( 744 ) With the collapse of the Soviet Union , the program was essentially shut down and , in 1993 , the head of NPO Energia , Yuri Semenov publicly admitted that the project was dead .
NPO Molniya , the developer of the Buran 's body , tried to move forward with a small version of the reusable orbiter , launched by an Antonov - 225 Mriya transport plane .
However , the company has never found investors for the project .
LII to develop hypersonic vehicle
In 2001 , at the MAKS air and space show in Moscow , the Flight Research Institute , LII , based in Zhukovsky , displayed a full - scale mockup of the winged HFL - VK experimental vehicle designed for test flights at hypersonic speeds .
Launched by a Rockot booster , a scramjet - powered unmanned craft would reach a speed of 8 - 14 Mach ( 1 Mach is equal to the speed of sound ) and fly at the an altitude of up to 100 kilometers -- faster and higher then most experimental vehicles in development around the world at the time .
The HFL - VK is 8 meters long , has a wing span of 3.6 meters and a weight of 2,200 kilograms .
After launch from Plesetsk onboard the Rockot , the HFL - VK plane is expected to land with a parachute in the Russian Far East .
The program is partially financed by the Russian Aviation and Space Agency , Rosaviacosmos , however , according to LII representatives , the funds were insufficient for active development .
LII was developing the vehicle based on its experience with the BOR - type vehicles , which tested thermal - protection systems for the Buran program in the 1980s .
LII was an active developer of the BOR program along with NPO Molniya , the prime - developer of the Buran 's body .
O fficial technical specifications of the Buran orbiter : ( 107 )
Maximum weight 105 tons Payload weight 30 tons Landing weight 82 - 87 tons Returnable payload 15 - 20 tons Crew 2 - 10 people Flight duration 7 - 30 days Orbit inclination range 50.7 - 110 degrees Orbit altitude range 250 - 1,000 km Orbital maneuvering system thrust ( in vacuum ) 8.8 tons G-loads 3 - 1.6 Landing speed ( with landing weight 82 tons ) 312 - 360 km / hour Maximum lateral maneuver during the reentry 1,700 km Length 36.37 meters Body length 30.85 meters Body width 5.5 meters Height 16.35 meters Wing span 23.92 meters
Chronology of the Buran program :
1976 Feb . 17 : The Central Committee of the Communist Party and the Soviet of Ministers of the USSR issued a combined decree ( No. 132-51 ) , officially launching the development of the Energia - Buran system . ( 52 )
1976 May : Scientific and technical council of Space Systems Chief Directorate , GUKOS , reviews and approves the Buran reusable system project .
1976 June 11 : The Council of Chief Designers with the participation of institutions from the Ministry of Aviation Industry ( MAP ) and the Ministry of General Machine Building ( MOM ) finalized the configuration of the Buran orbiter as a winged vehicle as opposed to an alternative " lifting body " scheme . ( 52 )
1976 Nov. 8 : Dmitry Ustinov approves technical requirements for the Buran reusable system .
1976 Dec. 12 : The Chief Designer at NPO Energia approved the preliminary design concept of the Buran reusable system .
1976 Dec. 18 : The Military Industrial Commission of the Soviet of Ministers of the USSR finalized the industrial team involved in Energia - Buran development .
1977 July : The Council of Chief Designers and the Scientific - Technical Council of the Ministry of the General Machine Building ( NTS MOM ) approved the addendum to the preliminary design of the Energia - Buran system .
1977 Oct. 27 : A manned prototype of the Spiral space plane was dropped from a modified Typolev - 95 strategic bomber for a free - flight test .
1977 Nov. 21 : The Soviet government issued a decree detailing major stages and activities in the development of the Energia - Buran system .
1978 March : The Soviet rocket industry completed the technical specifications for the Energia - Buran development .
1980 Dec. 5 : A model of Spiral space plane , designated Bor - 4 c , conducted its first suborbital flight in the direction of Lake Balkhash , on top of the K65 M - RB5 ( Kosmos - 3 ) rocket to test a vehicle for future orbital missions .
1982 Jan. 6 : The 3M - T Atlant transport aircraft conducts the first test flight carrying a hydrogen tank of the Energia rocket .
1982 January : The Minister of General Machine Building appointed B. I. Gubanov as a head of Energia - Buran development .
1982 June 4 : Bor -4 No. 404 , a model of the Spiral space plane , was launched into orbit and splashed down in the Indian Ocean .
It was announced under name Kosmos - 1374 .
1983 March 1 : The VM - T aircraft carried the Buran orbiter for the first time .
1983 March 16 : Bor -4 No. 403 , a model of the Spiral space plane was launched into orbit and splashed down in the Indian Ocean .
It was announced under name Kosmos - 1445 .
The recovery of the spacecraft by the Soviet Navy vessel was photographed from an Australian military plane .
The pictures of the top - secret recovery operation were then published around the world .
1983 August :
The body of the Buran orbiter was delivered to NPO Energia 's Control and Test Station , KIS , where it would be used as a " Complex Stand " ( KS - OK ) for testing of the vehicle 's systems .
1983 December : A full - scale mockup of the Buran orbiter , designated OK - ML - 1 , arrived to Baikonur . ( 52 )
1983 Dec. 13 : The Typolev -154 flying laboratory designed to test software and automated landing systems of the Buran orbiter conducted its first flight .
1983 Dec. 27 : Bor -4 No. 405 , a model of the Spiral space plane was launched into orbit and splashed down in the Black Sea instead of Indian Ocean to maintain secrecy around the project .
It was announced under name Kosmos - 1517 .
1984 March : NPO Energia started electrical tests onboard the KS - OK test orbiter at the organizations test station , KIS . ( 52 )
1984 June 4 : A full - scale test stand of the Buran 's flight control system , known as PRSO , was powered up for the first time .
1984 July 6 : The first launch from Kapustin Yar on a suborbital flight in the direction of Lake Balkhash of the K65M - RB5 ( Kosmos - 3 ) launcher with Bor - 5 No. 501 , a 1 to 8 scale model of the Buran orbiter .
Due to an electrical failure , the model did not separate from the launch vehicle .
1984 August : A full - scale mockup of the Buran orbiter , designated OK - MT , arrived to Baikonur . ( 52 )
1984 Dec. 19 : The last launch of the Bor - 4 orbiter concluding a series of four test flights .
It was announced as Kosmos - 1614 .
The craft splashed down in the Black Sea .
1984 Dec. 29 : The prototype of the Buran orbiter , designated 002 - GLI , conducted the first taxi tests on a runway .
( 106 )
1985 April 17 : The second launch from Kapustin Yar on a suborbital flight in the direction of Lake Balkhash of the K65M - RB5 ( Kosmos - 3 ) launcher with Bor - 5 No. 502 , a 1 to 8 scale model of the Buran orbiter .
1985 Aug. 2 : The Soviet government decrees to start flight testing of the Buran orbiter in the fourth quarter of 1986 .
1985 Nov. 10 : The 002 - GLI prototype of Buran conducted the first atmospheric flight with Igor Volk and Rimantas Stankavichus onboard .
( 106 )
1985 December :
The body of the flight version of the Buran orbiter arrived at Baikonur on the back of its carrier aircraft .
1986 May : Processing personnel in Baikonur started electrical testing of the flight version of the Buran orbiter .
1986 Dec. 27 : The third launch from Kapustin Yar on a suborbital flight in the direction of Lake Balkhash of the K65M - RB5 ( Kosmos - 3 ) launcher with Bor - 5 No. 503 , a 1 to 8 scale model of the Buran orbiter .
1987 Feb. 10 : The 002 - GLI prototype of Buran conducted the first automated approach and landing on a runway .
1987 Feb. 16 : The 002 - GLI prototype of Buran went through the entire landing process automatically during its 10th flight .
1987 May 15 , 21:30 Moscow Time :
The first Energia super - heavy booster ( Number 6SL ) was launched from Site 250 at Baikonur , carrying the Polyus experimental military payload .
The rocket performed flawlessly , however , the Polyus orbital maneuvering system fired in the opposite direction due to a control system problem , causing the payload to fall in the ocean .
1987 Aug. 27 : The fourth launch from Kapustin Yar on a suborbital flight in the direction of Lake Balkhash of the K65M - RB5 ( Kosmos - 3 ) launcher with Bor - 5 No. 504 , a 1 to 8 scale model of the Buran orbiter .
1987 Oct. 15 : The processing personnel in Baikonur finished the assembly of the flight version of the Buran orbiter .
1988 Feb. 15 - April 25 : Tests of Unified Propulsion System , ODU , and Auxiliary Power Unit , VSU , of the Buran orbiter were conducted at the Firing Control Test site ( OKI ) at Site 254 at Baikonur .
1988 April : Flight testing of the 002 - GLI prototype is concluded after 24 flights .
1988 May 9 : The integration of the Buran orbiter with the Energia launch vehicle started in preparation for the test rollout to the launch pad at Baikonur .
1988 May 19 : Test rollout of the Energia - Buran system on the launch pad at Site 110 at Baikonur .
1988 June 19 : The Energia - Buran returned from the launch pad .
1988 June 20 - Aug. 26 : The Buran orbiter removed from the launch vehicle and returned to the processing area for upgrades .
1988 June 22 : The fifth launch from Kapustin Yar on a suborbital flight in the direction of Lake Balkhash of the K65M - RB5 ( Kosmos - 3 ) launcher with Bor - 5 No. 505 , a 1 to 8 scale model of the Buran orbiter , concluding a series of five test flights .
1988 Aug. 29 : The Buran orbiter was docked with the Energia vehicle in the processing building at Site 112 at Baikonur .
1988 Sept 13 : The Energia - Buran system transported to the fueling station , MZK , for hazardous operations .
1988 Oct. 10 : The Energia - Buran system was rolled out to the launch pad in preparation for the first test mission , scheduled for Oct. 29 , 1988 .
1988 Oct. 26 : The State Commission gave a green light for launch , scheduled for Oct. 29 , 06:23 Moscow Time .
1988 Oct. 29 : At T - 51 seconds before the scheduled liftoff , the automated processing system issued an emergency command after it has detected a problem in the launch sequence .
The State Commission made the decision to postpone the launch until Nov. 15 , 1988 .
1988 Nov. 15 : 06:00:02 Moscow Time : The Energia super - heavy booster carrying an unmanned Buran reusable shuttle lifts off from Baikonur .
Two orbits or 206 minutes later , the Buran automatically landed at the Yubileiniy airfield at Site 251 in Baikonur .
1988 Dec. 21 : The Antonov - 225 Mriya super - heavy transport aircraft , designed to transport the Buran orbiter , conducted its first test flight .
1989 May 13 : The Antonov - 225 Mriya super - heavy transport aircraft conducted its first flight carrying the Buran orbiter .
1989 Dec. 28 : The last practical work with the BTS - 002 test vehicle is concluded in Zhukovsky .
1992 : Funding for Energia - Buran program dries out .
2002 May 12 : The flight version of the Buran orbiter is destroyed in the roof collapse at Site 112 in Baikonur .
2012 Oct. 15 : A full - scale prototype of the Buran orbiter is removed from RKK Energia 's Checkout and Test Building , KIS , to be installed at an outside display site .
Retailing is one of the hardest hit industries in today ’s recession .
However , retailing plays an important role as one of the driving factors in economic recovery .
Whether you start your retail store off line , online , or both , you need to have a long list of products for sale , as retailing strength is in product variants .
However , the costs related to off line retailing are very high , these days .
Today , the key word in retailing is bootstrap .
Probably the best way to bootstrap is by moving your retail store operation online .
Online retailing – that is , selling products through web stores – thrives .
I have heard several success stories that involve closing retail stores and opeing web stores .
The best thing about web stores is no store set up costs and sales assistant salaries .
Web stores can be accessed 24/7 – something that their off line counterpart ca n’t do .
The key in staying lean and , if possible , stock - less retailing is the different product sourcing of online retail stores compared to the conventional brick - and - mortar retail stores .
How to source for products
There are many options you can consider to source your products .
Here are some of the options , with things to consider if you decided to choose one :
Make your own product
On the upside , making your own product to sell is probably the most profitable of all – unique product lines always appeal customers .
On the downside , however , not many can create outstanding and unique products to sell , so this is probably not ideal for most online retailers .
Dropshipping
Thanks to eBay , dropshipping has becoming a mainstream in e-commerce .
The good – Dropshipping is basically allowing you to process your orders without the need for you to have inventory whatsoever .
The bad – Relatively high pricing of dropshippers will cut your profit margin considerably , compared to the regular wholesaling .
Affiliate marketing Affiliate marketing has been hot for years , and the right venue to go if you want to super - boostrap your online retail store .
The plus , you do n’t need any money to start – Joining network , such as Zlio.com allows you to open online retail store at no cost .
The minus , competition is cut - throat .
Wholesale purchasing
The most common of all , especially in off line retailing .
Basically , you are given a certain amount of discount to purchase products in bulk , such as Wholesale Clothing .
There are generally two types of wholesaler : small and large volume wholesaler – Small or light bulk wholesaler allows you order a small amount of items in bulk , while large volume wholesaler only allows you to order in a large amount of items , quite often container - full .
The pro : High - margin profit for you .
The con :
You need a storage or warehouse ready .
Product liquidation Occasionally , wholesalers have excess inventory that need to be cleared of their warehouses at very - low prices .
If you are serious about online retailing , securing a liquidation can make your online store very , very profitable .
Just like the other bulk purchasing , the bad thing about this is the spaces needed to store the items .
How to bootstrap your product sourcing
You see , there are numerous ways to source for product .
If you want to start small and maximise your bootstrapping effort , I suggest you to try affiliate marketing and dropshipping .
Both are usually can be done with minimal investment , even for free .
When you feel that your online retail store is growing well , you can budget from the profit to acquire more products at lower prices through wholesaling , starting from light bulk , moving up to liquidations .
Like everything in life , there is no easy money – you need to work your way up if you want to succeed in the online retailing game .
Remember , almost all entrepreneurs bootstrap their startup , including Michael Dell , Bill Gates , and the likes .
Why do n’t you bootstrap yours , too ?
Ivan Widjaya
Bootstrap product sourcing
Image by normanack .
Small rocks called clasts are uniformly spaced along the surface of Mars , including in the intercrater plain between Mars ' Lahontan Crater .
The images were taken by the navigation camera ( left ) and panoramic camera ( right ) aboard the Mars Rover Spirit .
Rocks on Mars are in some areas scattered in a strangely uniform fashion , puzzlingscientists for years .
Now they 've figured it out .
Researchershad thought the rocks were picked up and carried downwind by extreme high - speedwinds thought to occur on Mars in the past .
AlthoughMars is a windy planet , its atmosphere is very thin , so it would be difficultfor the wind to carry the small rocks , which range in size from a quarter to asoftball , said Jon Pelletier , a geoscientist at the University of Arizona inTucson .
Pelletierand his colleagues now think the rocks are constantly on the move , rolling intothe wind , not away from it , and creating a natural feedback system that resultsin their tidy arrangement .
Rock-n-roll
Here 's whatthey think happens :
Wind removes loose sand in front of the rocks , creating pits there and depositing that sandbehind the rocks , creating mounds .
The rocks then roll forward into the pits , moving into the wind .
As long as the wind continues to blow , the process isrepeated and the rocks move forward .
The rocksprotect the tiny sand mounds from wind erosion .
Those piles of sand , in turn , keep the rocks from being pushed downwind and from bunching up with oneanother .
" Youget this happening five , 10 , 20 times then you start to really move thesethings around , " Pelletier said .
" They can move many times theirdiameter . "
The processis nearly the same with a cluster of rocks .
However , with a cluster of rocks , those in the front of the group shield their counterparts in the middle or onthe edges from the wind , Pelletier said .
Because themiddle and outer rocks are not directly hit by the wind , the wind creates pitsto the sides of those rocks .
And so , instead of rolling forward , the rocks rollto the side , not directly into the wind , and the cluster begins to spread out .
The researchis published in the January issue of the journal Geology .
Lots ofevidence
Severalpieces of evidence have come together to support this idea of how rocks areorganized along some areas of the Martian surface .
Forinstance , when study team member Andrew Leier of the University of Calgary in Canada was a graduate student at UA , he told Pelletier about an experiment on theupwind migration of rocks that his thesis advisor James Steidtmann of the University of Wyoming had conducted .
Steidtmannused a wind tunnel to see how pebbles on sand moved in the wind , revealing the rocksmoved upwind and that over time , a regular pattern emerged .
Some timelater , while attending a lecture that showed pictures of uniformly organizedrocks on Mars , Pelletier recalled his conversations with Leier , and it all cametogether .
Meanwhile , Leier had noticed a similar phenomenon when observing sand dunes in Wyoming .
Basically , loose pebbles and rocks there seemed to spread away from each other inan almost organized fashion ?
similar to what is seen on the sandy surface of Mars .
In therecent study , Pelletier tested out the idea with three computer models , including models of air flow , sand erosion and deposition , and rock movement .
He compared the model results with the distances between each rock and itsnearest neighbor in Mars images taken by the Mars Exploration Rover , Spirit .
The patterns of the Martian rocks matched what themodel predicted .
Pelletierplans to apply the same numerical models to larger features on Mars such assand dunes and wind - sculpted valleys and ridges called " yardangs . "
Authored by : fudisbad on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 07:23 AM EDT
For current events , legal filings and Caldera® collapses .
Please make links clickable .
Example : < a href = " http://example.com " >
Click here </a>
---
See my bio for copyright details re : this post .
Darl McBride , show your evidence ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : fudisbad on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 07:24 AM EDT
If required .
---
See my bio for copyright details re : this post .
Darl McBride , show your evidence ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 07:42 AM EDT
How can a decent all American corporation like McDonalds fairly complete for
the poorest of customers when there are soup kitchens offering its primary
service to them for free !
This has to be stopped !
And what about those awful
homeless shelters ?
Are there not renters loosing business ?
And what of city
water and private wells ?
Is there not water to be bottled and resold to the
locals ?
They cannot afford it , you say ?
How dare they get these services for
free , lower cost , or by helping each other !
Are there no longer any work
houses for the poor and their children ?
Coal mines to be dug ?
Child labor to
be bought and sold ?
Yatchs to be buttlerd and staffed ?
Wealthy to be body
servented ?
Ebenezier
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jadeclaw on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 07:46 AM
EDT
But seriously , I 'm 100 % sure , that this lawsuit will be kicked out of court .
Why ?
We have laws here in Europe governing the freedom to move and go everywhere
plus competition laws plus numerous civil rights as well .
These laws make it a non-starter from the beginning .
And I 'm sure , there are some french laws too , regarding this issue .
I think , this will backfire seriously for that bus -company ...
Jadeclaw
---
Best regards
Jadeclaw .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 07:47 AM EDT
Astrologer Sues NASA Over Comet Mission
A Russian woman is suing NASA because they shot the Deep Impact probe at the
Tempel 1 comet .
According to her , the damage done to the comet " would
deform her horoscope . "
I guess it 's logical if you think about it .
If the position or movement of
celestial objects affects your future , then changing their position the wrong
way will negatively change your future .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : jog on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 08:02 AM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 08:17 AM EDT
This silliness reminds me of an e.e.cummings poem :
when serpents bargain for the right to squirm
and the sun strikes to gain a living wage -
when thorns regard their roses with alarm
and rainbows are insured against old age
when every thrush may sing no new moon in
if all screech - owls have not okayed his voice
- and any wave signs on the dotted line
or else an ocean is compelled to close
when the oak begs permission of the birch
to make an acorn - valleys accuse their
mountains of having altitude - and march
denounces april as a saboteur
then we 'll believe in that incredible
unanimal mankind ( and not until ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Sour Grapes - Authored by : Observer on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:36 AM
EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 08:36 AM EDT
The Common Denominator - Authored by : DaveJakeman on Monday , July 18 2005 @ 11:18 AM EDT
Authored by : Graves on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 08:38 AM EDT
Reminds me of the gas station owner in the UK who put his prices up during a
gasoline strike a few years ago .
People where forced to queue for hours to get
petrol that was often rationed to a few gallons per customer .
One bright spark
had the idea of jacking his price up at the same time to well over $ 10 / gallon
( it 's normally about $ 6 - $ 7 per UK gallon ) .
News spread of his scam in the national newspapers and people boycotted his gas
station , even after he put his prices back down after the strike ended .
He went out of business a few weeks later .
Bwuuuuuhahahahaha !!!!
You get what you deserve .
</ Graves > [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 08:45 AM EDT
I can't say this is as bad , but it 's pretty bad .
My sister 's husband , his little brother is gay and has a lifeguard for a
boyfriend .
He and the beach he worked at got sued by a guy he had saved , for a
couple of broken ribs caused by chest compressions while getting CPR .
When the
guy recovered enough , he saw this as a possible cash grab and looked into suing
my bother - in - law 's younger brother 's boyfriend for pain and suffering .
As it
turned out , for acts like that , you can't be held liable for damages especially
if they were unavoidable and performed by someone who knows what they 're doing ,
such as a trained and licensed lifeguard .
But duing the investigation , the guy who was suing found out the guy who saved
him was gay .
His lawyer called the lifeguard 's lawyer and they set up a
meeting .
During the meeting , and mind you , almost 11 weeks had passed since the
rescue without any other issues other than the broken ribs being brought up , the
guy starts accusing the lifeguard of kissing him with tongue , while getting
mouth to mouth .
Before he found out he was gay , not a word or an implication
that anything such as this happened , but after he found out ...
The company the lifeguard worked for , who also supplied his lawyer settled out
of court and made sealing the case as part of the settlement with the injured
man to avoid a public battle over a gay lifeguard .
He also got sidemoted to a
job where he hardly ever watches over swimmers just in case , even tho they
repeatedly told him they knew he did n't do anything wrong .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:08 AM EDT
Stupid lawsuits need to be divided into professional and amateur divisions .
bkd [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Tsu Dho Nimh on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:17 AM EDT
" Depuis plusieurs années , Schiocchet exploite une ligne de bus dédiée au
transport transfrontalier de femmes de ménage , pour la plupart employées par la
société Onet- Luxembourg . "
The bus line is not available to tourists - it 's purely a worker transport ...
but it 's still a STUPID , and greedy , move .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:37 AM EDT
This from Yale 's Lawmeme , quoting Jamie Kellner of Turner Broadcasting : " [ Ad skips are ] theft .
Your contract with the network when you get the show is you 're going to watch the spots .
Otherwise you could n't get the show on an ad- supported basis .
Any time you skip a commercial or watch the button you 're actually stealing the programming . "
http://research.yale.edu/lawmeme/modules.php?name=News&file=artic le&sid=198
Then , of course , there 's the auto companies suing Greyhound ( or vice versa ) , publishers suing over libraries , etc .
But it does n't top PJ , though , since there 's no reference to an actual lawsuit over skipping commercials .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:37 AM EDT
I guess he noted from your previous comment on this that " pro persona "
is a Harry Potterism .
I have no idea what he stuffed up this time , but I 'll take a wild ( and
uneducated ) guess that he failed to specify what damages that he 's * currently *
suffering due to the alleged price fixing .
I doubt that claiming that he might
at some future date suffer injury * if * he ever wanted to compete is sufficient .
I 'm sure that I wo n't have to wait long for IBM and / or Novell to let me know if
I guessed right .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : bobyrne on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:50 AM EDT
That is actually going to be a key question in this case .
If the owners of the cars or the drivers are making a profit in transporting
their colleagues to work then it is , in effect , a transport service similar to a
hackney or taxi service .
You cannot operate such a service without a license .
It
appears this bus company is claiming an exclusive license for the route .
If anyone in the carpool is making a profit the company can reasonably claim :
- The carpool is a commercial transport service operating without a license .
- The carpool is operating in contravention of the company 's exclusive license
for the route .
Now I do n't know what sort of penalties French or Belgian law provides for these
transgressions , but I would be surprised if it extended to confiscation of the
vehicles .
Of course if no - one is making a profit ( if the costs are simply being shared )
then this argument falls and the suit really should be thrown out at the
earliest opportunity .
( I considered participating in a carpool for a while , and found out that in
order to be absolutely safe from accusations of operating a taxi without a
license I would have to keep a logbook of all journeys , receipts for all fuel
purchases , and invoices / receipts for everything paid by the other members of
the carpool towards the cost of the fuel ) .
Brian .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : grw on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:52 AM EDT
Wow !
As a pedestrian , cyclist , transit user who , in my 50 something years , has
never owned a car and who considers car drivers to be anti-environmental
terrorists , even I consider this an extreme way to promote transit use over the
car .
Maybe they could sue the government for building roads for the car drivers
to drive on ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 10:11 AM EDT
This would easily fit the category of forcing people to do business with you .
If we can research this case , pull up as many of the facts ( as filed with the court ) as possible , perhaps we can bring this to as many of our elected represetatives as possible as an example of the damage a Monopoly can cause .
Just a thought !
RAS [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 10:36 AM EDT
" The first clue should have been a transit company telling its riders ,
women at that , they were not allowed to talk for 40 minutes .
That is
inhuman . "
Knowing my wife and her mother - I 'd say impossible .
General anaesthetic
could n't keep my mother - in - law quiet - and believe me we tried ;-)
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 10:42 AM EDT
This was another candidate for Dumbest Lawsuit .
Michael J. Zwebner is the CEO of Universal Communications Systems Inc .
( BB : UCSY ) , a publicly - traded penny stock corporation based in Miami .
The stock
has not done well , to put it mildly , and the company 's P.R. claims have been
widely viewed as , well , at least a bit exaggerated .
The stock is discussed on
the Lycos - owned web site Raging Bull .
Zwebner 's corporate strategy seems to be to sue people who say bad things about
him .
( This habit goes back to some previous companies he was at . )
One such
person on Raging Bull used the screen name " wolfblitzzer0 " .
Zwebner
then filed suit against CNN and its reporter Wolf Blitzer , on grounds that they
did not force the person using that screen name to shut up !
( Yes , it was thrown out .
Zwebner is , however , still litigating like crazy .
It 's kind of fun to watch . )
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 10:58 AM EDT
That 's stupid , putting 2 M euro into this lawsuit .
Would n't everything be all
right if they would just let it be ?
Regardless of what happens , the transit
company will surely lose some money -- I highly doubt that the fine and
confiscation will make up the amount of money they put into this .
This is so
not putting money where their mouth is ...
Suppose the 10 women AND the cleaning company can sue the transit company for
emotional damage , inconvenience , etc. and keep them busy .
While they 're at it ,
they can organize a boycott .
Nobody likes bullies , right ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : RPN on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 11:06 AM EDT
Stupid laws and the faintest of loopholes get abused and they can have very real
consequences that extend way beyond the people directly involved in the case .
This is why cases like those we follow here really matter .
Amazingly stupid
cases do sometimes win , all have very real negative consequences for the
defendants .
They can hold back , even largely destroy entire sectors of the
economy ; I am led to believe from a general curiosity about aircraft that the
American light aircraft industry provides a salutory lesson and I 'm sure others
can point to other examples .
I feel very sorry for these women .
Two years being chased by such an
unscrupulous company with all the attendant expenses , especially on a cleaners
salary , is no joke , even if they win in the end .
And it is either an incredibly
stupid or an incredibly unscrupulous company to have taken it as far as the
tribunal let alone pursuing it to a higher court .
I do n't know whether to be sad
at such lack of sense and decency or furious at such pigheaded stupidity .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 11:40 AM EDT
When did business get so mean ?
And so stupid ?
It 's not business that 's mean and stupid , PJ .
Greed is mean and stupid .
There just happen to be greedy people in business .
And it 's not really a recent phenomenon .
I offer , for example , Ebeneezer Scrooge and Bob Cratchet .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Ted Powell on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 11:42 AM EDT
By way of contrast , TransLink , the Greater Vancouver Transportation Authority , offers a program intended to be more attractive than carpooling .
Participation in the Employer Pass program allows companies to offer cost - reduced annual transit passes to their staff when 25 or more employees are enrolled into the program .
The photo ID transit passes are issued to employees through the convenience of payroll deduction .
The pass entitles the bearer to travel on any bus or Community Shuttle operated by a TransLink subsidiary or contractor ( except HandyDART ) , SkyTrain and SeaBus .
Passes for West Coast Express are also available .
The beauty of it is that everbody gets to travel at their own time , and go their own way , with no need for coordination other than getting people to sign up for the program .
---
GPL code ...
It 's the difference between owning your own home and just renting .
-- PJ [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 11:58 AM EDT
" ... for 100 % it [ the capital ] stamps its foot on all human laws and for
300 % there is no crime not risked even at the threat of the gallows . " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 12:03 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 12:12 PM EDT
Surely there must be something illegal in what that company is doing to those
women .
With this publicity I really hope some bigtime lawyer picks up on their
cause and comes up with an awesome countersuit .
It 's be great poetic justice if the end result is that they women win the
vehicles of the transportation company in a countersuit .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:04 PM EDT
" My hat is off to their lawyers , because they are almost certainly working
for less than they could from another client . "
It 's a transit company .
Therefore by definition their lawyers are bottom of the
barrel who can't find work anywhere else .
That 's obvious since they came up with this lawsuit .
I remember someone once asking where do the lawyers go who were at the BOTTOM of
their class .
Then he attended a Public Utilities Commission hearing in
Sacramento - and found them .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Jaywalk on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:06 PM EDT
That reminds me .
I 've heard SCO is offering its partners a free copy of their new software offering Personally , I 'm waiting until they distribute it in boxes of Cracker Jacks .
This in spite of the fact that MOG has assured us -- with her usual flare for mathematics -- that SCO 's Unix is ( at $ 599 a pop ) " cheaper than Linux " .
---
===== Murphy 's Law is recursive .
===== [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : BobDowling on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:10 PM EDT
Is anyone interested in the AMD vs. Intel antitrust case ?
If there 's a thread elsewhere in Groklaw point me to it , please .
Amd 's claims are quite lengthy and , given the number of companies they claim Intel has “ got at ” I suspect there will be another mountain of discovery .
There is also a claim of nobbling with Intel 's compilers .
This could lead to some fun expert testimony as the two sides try to lead a jury through optimised compiler output .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : m_si_M on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:23 PM EDT
Hmmm , is n't that exactly the mindset Steve Ballmer reveals at so many of his infamous keynotes ?
" If you do n't buy our great product , you might get sued , because , you know , the " other " OS violates hundreds of patents .
I wo n't tell you who will sue ( might be us ) , but if you buy our software , no one will dare dragging you into court . "
" And mind you , all PCs really * must * have our great OS preloaded , because on PCs without or another OS , pirated copies of our superior product will be installed .
In the end , offering better and cheaper alternatives is * PIRACY *. "
Not much different from that French compnay ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:31 PM EDT
Somebody high up in the bus company knows one or more of the women personally
and is using this to get back at her or them .
x - wife or maybe a woman who married an x-husband as an example .
Nobody does something this stupid or vindictive to someone else with business in
mind .
Gotta have more stuff under the radar .
This reeks of the logic my x-wife would have done if she had the means .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : wvhillbilly on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:53 PM EDT
Hey , guys .
Check out this phony funny from Humorix : SCO 's latest and greatest product - its all new and improved version 4.0 of its flagship litigation product , SCO v. IBM .
Plus lots of other Software Satire .
Enjoy ! ---
What goes around comes around , and the longer it goes the bigger it grows .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : qitaana on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 01:53 PM EDT
My mother was the show secretary for a large poultry show for ten years or so .
At these shows , it was not unusual for people to buy and sell birds ... in fact ,
there was a sale area where people could display birds for sale that were n't
even entered in the show .
One year , a known Pain In The Nether Regions put several birds up for sale .
They were labelled " pet quality " , meaning that they were n't really
good enough to show and , being bantams , you were n't going to get much by way of
eggs or meat from them either .
Price on the pet birds was $ 5 each , and one was
sold to a little girl who was n't quite ready to raise show birds yet .
$ 5 cash
changes hand , little girl goes home with chicken .
Imagine my mother 's surprise , a month or two later , when she 's served a subpoena
to appear at small claims court .
It seems the Pain In Rear had inadvertently
put one of her show birds in the pet-quality sale area , and the little girl had
bought a $ 25 - $ 30 chicken for $ 5 . PIR is now suing in court for the difference .
So ... PIR has paid the filing fee ( $ 25 at the time , I think ... ) , had papers
served on the little girls family and on my mother as show secretary ( another
fee ) , etc. , all in hopes of getting an additional $ 20 .
My mother did go to court , and was questioned a bit by the judge about
" show quality " versus " pet quality " , the usual pricing of
birds , and how transactions usually take place .
Mother reported that the judge
was clearly trying very hard not to laugh .
Needless to say , PIR 's case was dismissed ... her putting a show bird in the pet
sale area was not the fault of the defendant .
I suppose if she had prevailed ,
she would have asked to tack filing costs on to the award .
However , between
filing fees and service fees and such , she would have been down at least $ 20
even if she had won but not gotten her costs back .
* rolls eyes *
Mother is now out of the poultry - show - secretarying business , but she still loves
to tell about getting subpoenaed as a witness to the sale of a chicken .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 02:11 PM EDT
" The first clue should have been a transit company telling its riders ,
women at that , they were not allowed to talk for 40 minutes . "
Explain to me the ' women at that ' quote above .
Do women deserve more
consideration than men ?
Equality seems to be the goal , and if it is then perhaps putting one sex , either
of them , on a pedestal is frustrating that goal .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 03:19 PM EDT
There is a site designated to this kind of lawsuit , http://www.stellaawards.com/
Take a look at last years winners at http://www.stellaawards.com/2004.ht ml [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Bas Burger on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 04:49 PM EDT
I think these people deserve a good session bend over someone 's knee ...
Where is this world going to ?
Bas .
---
DIRECTUS ELATUS PERTINAX [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 05:57 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 06:59 PM EDT
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 07:37 PM EDT
Do n't know if it can compete , but I have mention the
lawsuit mentioned yesterday ( ? ) in the National Post
( Canada ) .
The parents of the only girl on a boy 's hockey
team ( yes , past lawsuits forced them to allow girls onto
boys hockey teams ) are suing for discrimination because
she is forced to change in a separate change room !!!
Apparently , she wants to change with the boys !
They want their daughter to be the only girl in a room
full of teenage male hockey players while all are getting
changed ?!?
I think Child Services should investigate the
parents for endangering their daughter 's safety !
Or at
least check out their sanity .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : marbux on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 08:59 PM EDT
The BBC are in hot water with the record labels for offering free downloads of the BBC orchestra performing classical music .
And here we thought free software was bad .
---
Retired lawyer [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 09:33 PM EDT
He 's probably having a good laugh at the " pro persona "
ridicule from the Latin experts here at Groklaw .
http://www.courts.state.pa.us/Index/Aopc/AnnualReport/2002/31gloss.pdf
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF PENNSYLVANIA COURTS
pro se ( pro see )
An individual who represents
himself / herself in court .
Also called in
propria persona or pro persona .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Tuesday , July 12 2005 @ 11:55 PM EDT
The sad , undeniable truth is : the ladies are going to lose time and money to
" defend " themselves against blatant fraud .
A VERY few in the biz have shown themselves to be honest and respectable .
Unfortunately , like Lot , they are not enough to make saving the " town "
( Gomorrah " legal system " , with lawyers , judges , and senators / reps
little more than corporate harlots ) worth saving .
It is hopelessly corrupt .
Some say the only thing saving us from anarchy is the courts .
What do we do
when , as now , the courts are the thugs ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : gregbillock on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 02:15 AM EDT
Groklawyers ,
Here 's my odd legal problem .
I have an open source project I 've worked on for
about 5 - 6 years .
I recently got an angry email from a lawyer who apparently just
registered the name I 've been using with the USPTO and now wants me to change
it .
What should I do ?
I told him trademarks are earned , and as the junior user
they can't take my right to use the name , registered or not .
I have n't heard
back .
Do I need to take some sort of preemptive action and file an opposition
with the USPTO ?
Let it drop ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 04:45 AM EDT
I read the article in the ' Liberation ' and there one of the woman mentions that
they were just the first and many followed .
" Today only 12 persons take the
bus .
Before we were with 80 . "
So the company is losing their profit because they deliver bad service ( one stop
was removed , another placed in a location " where it is convenient for
nobody " and often the 9:30 bus arrives at 10:30 .
Complains have been met
with bullying .
Now the company has calculated the loss ( not hard : price of the serverice times
68 ( nr of customers lost ) ) and present the ' instigators ' the bill ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 05:10 AM EDT
PJ : " He still is missing a vital piece , but far be it from me to explain it
to him .
He 'd just file to amend again , so if you figure out what he did n't get
right , do n't tell him please . "
What are the odds on Wallace suing PJ for : not telling him what is wrong with
his case ; inciting others not to tell him ; and ( by implication ) telling her own
lawyers so that they can take unconstitutional advantage of the poor lone
Wallace 's lack of legal resources .
There 's got to be an Nth Amendment somewhere that makes all that illegal ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 06:24 AM EDT
Sorry I can't say much , but I am a doctor , and I have just
learned that I am named in a suit on behalf of a patient I
never met , examined , diagnosed , or treated , who got sick
and died in a hospital in another part of the state .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 06:58 AM EDT
Obviously he is taking money out of some lawyers pocket by representing himself .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Steve Martin on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 01:20 PM EDT
Reminds me of the time my boss was sued ... he was a passenger in someone else 's
van .
Van gets hit in the side by someone who ran a stop sign at an intersection .
The driver of the offending vehicle sued ( in addition to the driver of the van )
my boss for damaging their vehicle ( and he was n't even driving , much less
responsible for the accident ) .
Fortunately , it took about two minutes for the
judge to throw the suit out of court .
---
" When I say something , I put my name next to it . " -- Isaac Jaffee , " Sports
Night " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 03:06 PM EDT
My next computer will be AMD , but not because of any law suite .
I am replacing
my old dual 800MHz Pentium III processor workstation with a dual processor , dual
core system using AMD Opteron 265 or 270 processors .
These processors are much
better then anything Intel offers .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , July 13 2005 @ 03:12 PM EDT
I wonder if and how these copys of Legend will be reported in the quarterly
reports of the resellers .
On one hand they where given free of charge , on the
other hand the reseller can make money with them .
How do you pay taxes for the
money you earn from this unusual kind of transaction ?
Your margin would equal
the price , therefor raising your taxes , right ?
And what can we expect from SCO in respect to the " Number of copies
sold " column ?
Will they count every copy they gave away as " sold "
since the reseller * could * sell it ?
Or will they claim losses with the SEC
because they gave those copies away ?
My guess : they will do BOTH ! ;-)
Linux_Inside [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , July 15 2005 @ 12:19 PM EDT
This is really not all that unlike the theory under which telecoms ( like SBC )
want municipalities and local groups enjoined against providing wireless
networking services independently .
They say that it 's " unfair
competition . "
The real story is that the competition in the case of the telecoms , as in the
case of the carpooling women , is not from another corporation , but from none
other than the customers !
( In the case of telecoms , customers are the ones who
are voting for the controllers of the municipal budgets and paying the taxes
that support municipal solutions . )
It 's obvious how ludicrous the French lawsuit is ; however , there 's really no
difference between that theory and the one proposed by the telecoms .
If everyone
can see the one for what it is , why not the other ?
If the telecoms are granted what they are asking , then as a culture we in
America are no less silly than this French transit company .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , July 17 2005 @ 09:20 AM EDT
Diagonal Display Size Touch Points Technology Applications Planar Products
15 " - 19 " 1 SAW , resistive Point - of - Sale ( POS ) , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , kiosk , healthcare , clean room Planar PT and PJT product line See Desktop and Touch Screen Monitors to browse by size .
Open frame touch monitors are also available in sizes from 15 ” - 22 ” in a variety of brightness levels for embedded applications .
22 " - 32 " 2 Optical , projected capacitive Point - of - Sale ( POS ) , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , kiosk , healthcare , clean room , digital signage , desktop ( Windows 7 ) Planar PT and PXL product lines See Desktop and Touch Screen Monitors to browse by size .
24 " - 27 " 10 Projected capacitive Desktop ( Windows 8 ) , digital signage , point - of - information , kiosk , check - in Planar Helium product line
42 " 2 Optical dual touch Wayfinding , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , kiosk , check - in , healthcare , digital signage , desktop ( Windows 7 ) , broadcast , higher education , annotation and collaboration , digital whiteboard , conference room , corporate board room , and more Planar PS Series
46 " - 55 " 6 Optical multi-touch Wayfinding , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , kiosk , check - in , healthcare , digital signage , desktop ( Windows 7 and Windows 8 ) , broadcast , higher education , annotation and collaboration , digital whiteboard , conference room , corporate board room , and more Planar PS Series
75 " - 98 " 32 Infrared ( IR ) multi- touch Digital signage , wayfinding , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , interactive applications , annotation and collaboration , desktop ( Windows 7 and Windows 8 ) , broadcast , higher education , digital whiteboard , conference room , corporate board room , executive office , control room , and more Planar UltraRes Series
75 " - 98 " 20 Infrared ( IR ) multi- touch Digital signage , wayfinding , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , interactive applications , annotation and collaboration , desktop ( Windows 7 and Windows 8 ) , broadcast , higher education , digital whiteboard , conference room , corporate board room , executive office , control room , and more Planar QE Series
50 " - 65 " 6 Infrared ( IR ) multi- touch Digital signage , wayfinding , Point - of - Information ( POI ) , interactive applications , annotation and collaboration , desktop ( Windows 7 and Windows 8 ) , broadcast , higher education , digital whiteboard , conference room , corporate board room , executive office , control room , and more Planar EP Series
Up to 300 " ( video walls ) 6 or 32 Infrared ( IR ) multi- touch Interactive applications , annotation and collaboration , digital signage , wayfinding , broadcast , higher education , digital whiteboard , conference room , corporate board room , Windows 7 and Windows 8 , executive office , briefing room , control room , and more Clarity Matrix MultiTouch
Memorizing politics of ancient history
Flung down by corpse evangelists
Unthought of , though , somehow - Bob Dylan
There was a moment that was as if the Earth had taken a half turn backward or something of that kind , and I had not gone along with it but were suspended somewhere far out in space at the instant before plunging into orbit of my own - and then the moment passed , the Earth resumed its regularity of turning , the room lightened , the flame in the lamp steadied .
post hoc
Bolivian leader Evo Morales on Thursday accused the US government of encouraging drug - trafficking as he explained his decision to banish the US Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) ....
" The worst thing is , it did not fight drug trafficking ;
It encouraged it , " the Bolivian leader said , adding that he had " quite a bit of evidence " backing up his charges .
Presidential Minister Juan Ramon Quintana presented a series of documents and press clippings at a news conference , which he described as " object data " that had influenced Morales ' decision to suspend DEA activities last week .
Quintana said Morales was ready to present the evidence to incoming US president Barack Obama " to prove the illegality , abuse and arrogance of the DEA in Bolivia . "
Friends in High Places
Clinton had said , ' If I put you over at Justice , I want you to find the answers to two questions for me .
One , who killed JFK .
And two , are there UFOs ? " Clinton was dead serious .
I had looked into both , but was n't satisfied with the answers I was getting .
knows
Just because there 's a Democrat in the White House is no reason to stop reading Lovecraft .
From " The Shadow in the Attic " : It was the longest moment for some , lasting eight years , since the done - deal that was Gore 's Florida flipped columns .
Old certainties , even among cynics , of how bad things could get , suddenly seemed wretchedly naive as the Earth staggered like a drunk , with Dick Cheney its designated driver .
As kleptocracy and high crime compounded illegitimacies and low comedy , many millions - conservative Republicans and conspiracy debunkers among them - came to feel themselves in a strange place , with unlikely companions and no sure footing , and entertaining hypotheses they had once thought unimaginable .
And as the years dragged , it became difficult to conceive of anything different , or to reflect upon what " different " might even mean .
And now , it would seem , the moment has passed .
The Earth has resumed its kinder , gentler course , and the shadow in America 's attic has been dispelled by - I dunno ; shall we call it a thousand points of light ?
Democrats can awake from a nightmare and fall into a dream , and conspiracy theory can once more become the property of the " patriot " right .
I think the worst of conspiracy theory - actually all theory , and no conspiracy - must be the unfalsifiable , prediction .
If you have n't seen it yet or do n't know what I 'm talking about , you will , as theorists retool their cottage industries to react to a Democratic administration .
Fintan Dunn calls it the " Red Coup gambit " of the New World Order , absurdly describing Obama as an " undercover Marxist ideologue . "
Webster Tarpley gets in on the action with his book The Postmodern Coup , which shoe - horns Obama into his meta- analysis as the next , inevitable Manchurian Candidate of the Brzezinski faction .
Alex Jones , like some Star Trek energy entity that feeds on pure hysteria , is whipping up a new batch to keep those cards and letters coming .
( " Congressman , are you feeling the dread many of us are feeling right now ? " )
But it 's neither that complicated nor so ridiculous , is it ?
Real history , even in the living of it , is n't a seamless narrative that enfolds all events into a single narrator 's construct .
As recently as September , I thought there was no clear path for an Obama victory .
Still , the election did n't need to be staged , not with a vetting process designed to winnow out all contenders who do n't know what and to who they owe , who might do something , even by chance , that could divest the true rulers of their rule .
( And McCain did n't actually run to lose , not really , though the creepiest incompetent campaign in American history might as well have been managed by Kid Gleason . )
That Obama could be taken for a progressive , even in the beltway sense of the term , is a testament to the polish of his blank slate and the desperation of an orphaned Left anxious for a win , even if it means their loss .
To whom the coming surge in Afghanistan , the likely deferral of a meaningful withdrawal from Iraq ( one that might include private armies and troops that have had the " combat " redefined out of them ) , the appointment of Rahm Emanuel and other " moderates " will smell like ... victory .
Last Thursday , as President Elect , Obama received his initial briefing of classified intelligence pertaining to national security .
Friday , CNN's Candy Crowley asked " whether anything 's given you pause , " to which he replied " I 'm going to skip that . "
Whatever he heard , and however long he paused , I 'm fairly certain he did n't hear anything like what Evo Morales means to brief him :
When Bill Clinton entered the presidency , he sought some back - channel answers to questions not addressed in his classified briefing .
His Deputy Attorney General Webster Hubbell wrote inClinton might have curried the Deep State 's favour in Mena , but it withheld its deeper secrets from him and his Arkansas capo as from middle managers just passing through without a legitimate need to know .
( The seeming otherworldliness of the Bush / Cheney years is largely accounted for by the broad , intuitive dread that Cheney . )
Obama does n't even display Clinton 's idle curiosity , though he and his Chicago Mafia do show some of his hubris .
Should he change in office , and light a lamp in America 's shuttered rooms , he may feel the Earth take a half turn backwards , while its true rulers decide what to do with him .
Caroline Kennedy is hoping to take over Hillary Clinton 's Senate seat
The New York Times has said a letter purporting to be from the mayor of Paris that attacked Caroline Kennedy 's bid for a Senate seat was a fake .
The letter , which was signed with the name of Bertrand Delanoe and printed in Monday 's paper , called Ms Kennedy 's bid " not very democratic " and " appalling " .
The New York Times said it had failed to check whether the letter , which was sent by e-mail , was authentic .
It said it had expressed its regrets to Mr Delanoe 's office in Paris .
The letter asked what title Ms Kennedy had to apply for the Senate seat vacated by Hillary Clinton , who has been named secretary of state by US President - elect Barack Obama .
" We French have been consistently admiring of the American Constitution , but it seems that recently both Republicans and Democrats are drifting away from a truly democratic model , " the letter said .
" Can we speak of American decline ? "
The New York Times said in a statement on its web site that the letter should never have been published .
" Doing so violated both our standards and our procedures in publishing signed letters from our readers , " it said .
The newspaper said it was reviewing its procedures for verifying letters to avoid a repetition of the incident .
Last Night ’s Top 10 List was : Top Ten Ways Rod Blagojevich Can Improve His Image
10 ) Star in new television series , “ America ’s Funniest Haircuts ”
9 ) Quit politics and become a fat , lovable mall cop
8 ) Start pronouncing last name with Jerry Lewis - like “ BLAGOOOOYYYYYJEVICH ”
7 ) Offer a senate seat with no money down , zero percent interest
6 ) Team up with John Malkovich and Erin Brockovich for hot Malkovich - Brockovich - Blagojevich sex tape
5 ) Change his name to Barod Obamavich
4 ) Safely land an Airbus on the Hudson River
3 ) I do n’t know …how about showing up for his impeachment trial ?
2 ) Wear sexy dresses , high heels and say , “ You Betcha ! ” a lot
1 ) Uhhh…resign ?
Enlarge Pandora 's interactive Internet radio service is one of more than 10,000 iPhone applications available at the iTunes App Store .
APP STORE SOARS - AND TAKES UPSTARTS WITH IT APP STORE SOARS - AND TAKES UPSTARTS WITH IT
It 's a stretch to suggest that Barack Obama 's iPhone application was a major factor in getting him elected - even with half a million downloads .
The Obama '08 app organized iPhone contacts by the battleground states in which they lived so backers could target calls .
Supporters could also find local offices and events .
But Tim Westergren , founder of the Pandora Internet radio service , does n't question the impact of the iTunes App Store .
With 15,000 new downloads a day , Pandora is the top free downloaded iPhone program at Apple 's online store .
" It 's hard to overstate how important the iPhone has been , " Westergren wrote to me in an e-mail .
" ( We ) nearly doubled our growth rate and , perhaps more important , changed the discussion around Internet radio .
People are realizing it could really replace broadcast radio - in the car , home audio , on the go ... "
Westergren says users are listening an astounding 90 minutes a day , on average .
The overall growth of the iTunes App Store has been nothing short of phenomenal .
It reaffirms its standing as an important new computing platform .
More than 10,000 apps are available for the iPhone or the iPod Touch , up from about 800 when Apple opened its virtual doors in July .
People have downloaded more than 300 million programs , from games to business .
The majority are under $ 10 , and many are free .
Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster estimates that the typical iPhone or iPod Touch owner carries 15 of those programs on their handsets .
He projects App Store revenue to exceed $ 800 million in 2009 , up from $ 150 million to $ 200 million this year .
Apple receives a 30 % cut .
And it'll take awhile before rivals such as Google ( through its Android platform ) or Research In Motion ( BlackBerry apps ) catch up .
" The bottom line is , nobody is getting the software right except Apple , " Munster says .
The App Store is doing its part to put upstarts on the map .
Smule CEO Jeff Smith says sales of its 99 - cent Ocarina synthesizer application have exceeded half a million in just under a month .
The cool application turns the iPhone into a flute - like instrument .
" It 's very encouraging for a small company to get that kind of traction , " Smith says .
Urbanspoon co-founder Ethan Lowry is equally jazzed .
The program , with 2.2 million downloads and more than 70 million " shakes , " finds nearby restaurants when you shake the iPhone .
" Urbanspoon 's website was growing fast , and we were seeing over a million visitors a month before the iPhone launched , " Lowry writes in an e-mail .
" Since then , the website has grown 80 % , and the iPhone has taken off . …
It has really transformed our business . "
The killer app for the iPhone is — drum roll , please — the iTunes App Store .
Five months after Apple launched its online emporium , I believe it even more , having downloaded a gaggle of programs , including some that transform my iPhone 3G into a harmonica , metric system converter and level .
There are now more than 10,000 of these applications for the original iPhone , its 3G successor and in most cases , for the iPod Touch .
Many are free .
I encounter buggy programs from time to time , but there are frequent updates to fix such snags .
And because of the drain on the battery , Apple still wo n't let developers produce apps that run in the background .
So forget about listening to Internet radio while checking e-mail .
I 'm also waiting on an app that will let you shoot video .
All that said , exploring the App Store on your handheld or via computer is a delight , and you can rely on fellow users for reviews .
Some of my favorites : • Listening to radio .
There 's a reason Pandora has emerged as the most popular free iPhone application .
Type a song or artist 's name , and Pandora creates an instant radio station inspired by your selection , same as on a PC or Mac .
Fine - tune stations by indicating whether you like what 's being played .
In some cases , you can buy the music you hear through iTunes .
The iPhone , of course , functions as an iPod .
But your storage is limited .
If you have gobs of music on your computer , consider Simplify Media .
The $ 3.99 program lets you stream ( most of ) your music collection and that of up to 30 friends .
Setup is simple , and though music sometimes is slow to start up , it sounds good .
Simplify generally worked really well as I rode in and around New York City .
( It works on Wi-Fi , 3G or pokier Edge networks . )
You can view song lyrics and artist bios .
But Simplify can't remotely play iTunes purchases that are DRM or copy protected .
How often have you heard a song on the radio or in a club but did n't know its name ?
Hold the iPhone up to the radio , and let the free Shazam app identify the tune , usually within 20 seconds .
Shazam does n't get it right every time .
But it correctly tagged material as varied as Come On Over from Isobel Campbell & Mark Lanegan and Corcovado from Astrud Gilberto .
• Making music .
Smule 's addictive 99 - cent Ocarina turns the iPhone into the ancient flute - like instrument .
You softly blow into the iPhone 's microphone and play notes by pressing and holding your fingers over any of four virtual on - screen holes .
There are 16 possible combinations , and you can alter the sound by tilting the phone .
There 's even " sheet music " on Smule 's website to play anything from Over the Rainbow to If I Were a Rich Man.
Ocarina is social .
Tap a globe icon to rate performances from users around the world .
They , in turn , can show you the love .
Or try developer Benjamin McDowell 's Harmonica app , also 99 cents .
Sure , it 's odd putting your mouth on the screen .
Fortunately , you can also play with fingers .
• Diversions .
I 've enjoyed racing games that take advantage of the iPhone motion sensor , including Vivendi's Crash BandicootNitro Kart 3D ( $ 5.99 ) and Pangea 's Cro-Mag Rally ( $ 1.99 ) .
I also like Glu Mobile 's recent release of a 3D marble puzzle called Bonsai Blast ( $ 3.99 ) .
But as a casual gamer , I gravitate to titles such as Brain Toot ( 99 cents ) , which serves up vision , memory and other mind exercises .
In one , while being timed , you must pick out the highest or lowest numbers from a series of numbers shown .
Semi Secret Software 's $ 1.99 Wurdle is a wordsmith 's addiction , kind of like Boggle on the iPhone .
Against the clock , trace your finger across a letter - filled board to spot as many words as possible .
• Handy to have around .
Want to convert kilometers to miles ?
Celsius to Fahrenheit ?
Fetch currency rates ?
Western ITS Limited 's simple a2z Pro Unit Converter is free and a boon to folks who travel overseas .
The iPhone lacks a voice recorder .
The 99 - cent Retronyms Recorder adds the capability .
There are a few ways to save recordings to a PC or Mac .
You can e-mail a link or sync up recordings via Wi-Fi to listen in iTunes or another player .
Worried about adverse reactions ?
The free Epocrates Rx database can clue you in .
You 'll grapple with medical jargon , since Epocrates is aimed at health care pros .
But the app can enlighten you about the drugs family members swallow .
And if you 've got a loose pill lying around , you might be able to identify it by entering its color , shape and other characteristics .
Looking for a new place to eat ?
Urbanspoon helps find restaurants near your GPS location .
Shake the phone to spin three wheels , one representing neighborhood , the second , a food type , and the third , price .
When the wheels stop , you 've landed on a random listing with an eatery 's phone number , address and reviews .
The app is free .
Rather dine at home ?
The 99 - cent Grocery IQ shopping list might help you bag the right ingredients .
It has a 130,000 - item database , right down to brand - name peanut butter , pretzels and pasta .
You can choose quantities and sizes , and check everything off as you patrol the supermarket aisles .
Or e-mail your list to whoever is shopping for you .
The free Google Mobile App has direct links to popular Google programs , including your Docs , News , Maps and location - aware search .
Google also can search your phone 's contacts , calendars and so on .
The gee - whiz feature is Voice Search .
Hold the phone up to your ear and bark out a query .
Results are n't perfect .
Google recognized a search for " child - friendly restaurants " as " cadence - friendly . "
As part of its free app , Amazon is experimenting with an interesting feature called Amazon Remembers .
You snap a picture of a product with the iPhone camera ; photos are stored at the Amazon site .
Amazon will try to find a similar product for sale on the Web , even at rival sites .
It identified images I snapped of Bose headphones and the Sling Media SlingCatcher .
Need help hanging a picture ?
PosiMotion 's 99 - cent A Level utility works in landscape , portrait or face - up mode .
As with a real spirit level , you try to position the iPhone so the bubble is aligned in the center of the screen .
Talk about not being on the level .
You 're on a blind date that 's soured and are dying for an excuse to bolt .
The aptly named 99 - cent Fake Calls app from Magic Tap is your ticket outta there .
You can select the time a fake call will come in , customize the " caller 's " picture and choose a ring tone .
You 'll have to devise your own excuse for making an exit .
E-mail : ebaig@usatoday.com
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Despite the excellent software solutions for stitching panoramic pictures together , there is no substitute for taking clean and well - aligned pictures from the start .
Create great panoramas with an inexpensive DIY - tripod head .
Advertisement
Over at the photo - editing site Worth1000 , user Arodrix has put together a detailed tutorial on making your own panoramic mount .
A panoramic camera - mount can set you back hundreds of dollars .
If you 're not planning on paying the bills with your epic panoramic - shots of famed world locales , you 'll be better served making your own mount for $ 10 in parts .
While the end product does n't have the polished look of a $ 300 mount it does provide the proper alignment necessary for a nice clean panorama .
Below is the sample from his tutorial made with the mount — it required extremely minimal post - processing work to stitch neatly together :
Advertisement
Once you have your photos , check out how to create panoramas with free software .
If you 're particularly proud of your handy work upload it to Panoye , a panoramic photo and Google Maps mashup .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
How to Build a Panoramic Tripod Head for $ 10 [ Worth1000 ]
Protesters call for boycott of apartheid Israel , Johannesburg , January 2 , 2009 .
By Zwelinzima Vavi , general secretary , Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU )
January 14 , 2009 --
From our own experience , we know how painful and dehumanising is the system of segregation , otherwise known as apartheid .
Apartheid is a system based on the assumption that one group or race is superior to others and therefore has a right to all the privileges and virtues associated with that particular status .
It has a right to run and determine the lives of others , excluding them from certain privileges , merely because they do not belong to the “ chosen ” group .
What other definition would so fittingly define a system based on different rights and privileges for Jews and Arabs in the Middle East ?
The bantustanisation of Palestine into pieces or strips -- West Bank , Ramallah , Gaza Strip and so on -- run by Israel and with no rights whatsoever for the Palestinians , is definitely an apartheid system .
COSATU general secretary Zwelinzima Vavi
Israel occupied the land of the Palestinian people and created settler communities of Jews who enjoy a different lifestyle and privileges than those experienced by Palestinians .
Palestinians are packed like Sardines in a tin throughout the Bantustans , with Gaza being acknowledged as the world ’s biggest open - air prison .
The prime characteristics of apartheid in South Africa included :
Segregation of the country into highly developed whites - only areas co-existing with extremely underdeveloped black communities , where the majority lived with no or limited rights and access to basic facilities ;
The black majority had no rights to freely participate and determine their destiny without the supervision of the superior race , which made all the decisions and enforced them through a highly militarised state machinery ;
The country was further balkanised into various Bantustans -- Bophuthatswana , Kwangwane , Kwandebele , Venda , Transkei , KwaZulu , Ciskei , etc. -- which were partitioned in such a way that within the same country you needed a passport to travel from one Bantustan to the other .
In between these Bantustans was South Africa , a land foreign to all blacks but firmly in the hands of white supremacists .
What is the situation in Palestine today ?
The country is segregated into highly developed settler communities of Jews , on the one hand , and extremely poor and underdeveloped Arab communities , where the people have no or limited rights and access to basic facilities , with Gaza being the most evident of these .
The Palestinian people cannot freely determine their own affairs and run their own country , for it is occupied by a colonial power called Israel .
The country is further balkanised into various Bantustans , amongst them , West Bank , Gaza and Ramallah , which are connected through extremely restricted travel access over Israel .
It because of these similarities between today ’s Israel and our past that we call the Israeli state an apartheid state .
Ordinary people in the West Bank , in Al - Quds Al - Sharif and in the Gaza Strip , have suffered enough under Israeli occupation .
The settlements , the separation wall , the hundreds of checkpoints and the detention of over 11,000 Palestinian people in Israeli jails are just some of unbearable conditions that prevail in Gaza .
It is our firm belief that , like all other suffering , colonised , oppressed and subjugated peoples all over the world , Palestinians are not naturally a violent people .
They are not provocative , but they have the right to resist when provoked and subjected to the most cruel and barbaric forms of occupation and invasion .
They need to restore their pride and dignity , and regain their disposed lands .
We support these claims unconditionally .
We too suffered in defence of exactly the claims in the hands of ruthless sister forces to the Zionists who occupy Palestine .
Resistance must never be equated to provocation .
Right to resist
In the same way that the African National Congress - led liberation movement here in South Africa refused to submit to the most extreme form of invasion and subjugation , but fought with all means at our disposal , why should the Palestinian people be denied that right ?
In fact , a colonised people who do not fight for their freedom are not worth the honourable status of belonging to the family of human beings .
This is why the Palestinian people are correct to fight for their freedom .
However , in fighting for their freedom , they are called all sorts of names , just as we were also called all sorts of names , and the best known one is “ terrorists ” .
Which freedom fighter has never had that label , when even our own heroic son of the soil , Dr Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela has only just recently been removed from the list of terrorists in the US ?
It seems to have become an honour for anyone fighting for freedom to be called a terrorist .
Just next door to us in Swaziland , Peoples United Democratic Movement ( PUDEMO ) President Mario Masuku is in jail on charges of terrorism , merely for fighting for the rights of his people .
However , that should not divert the issue and all sorts of distortions about the reality and facts in the Middle East .
The aggressor is the coloniser , in this case Israel , which forcefully invaded the land of another people and took away their land , what other option , was left for those dispossessed people ( Palestinians ) than to resist and fight for their land , and that is what exactly the people of Palestine are doing .
The hypocritical equal apportionment of condemnation to both the aggressor and victim is dishonest and not fair .
There is no neutrality in a struggle ; the occupying and oppressive force is immoral and the resisting force has the moral responsibility to fight for freedom .
This however does not mean there are no limits and responsibilities for those fighting freedom to observe , of course .
No option
We have noted this chorus of the equal condemnation of the aggressor and the victim .
Even those who are supposed to be progressive have been blackmailed to toe this line of equal condemnation .
Israel uses brute force and violence to enforce its illegal occupation of Palestine .
The Palestinian people have been left with no option but to resist the occupation of their land and the dehumanisation and denial of their rights .
Does this mean both are equally liable for the breaking of the truce that was also not guaranteeing them their freedom , but maintaining them in conditions of injustice and occupation ?
The truce is important , but does it change the fact that the struggle for freedom continues and that injustice still prevails in Palestine ?
Just by simply closing the Gaza Strip , frustrating the movement of people and goods , limiting the flow of gas and electricity , destroying the sewage system , Israel has turned the Gaza Strip into a zone of permanent hell .
Regular outbursts of direct military violence and response by Palestinians that have recurred at least once a year since 2002 ( " Operation Defence Shield " ) multiply victims but do not change the basic fact of Israeli occupation and brutality .
And the assault will seek to annihilate that population .
And whichever man , woman , child or elderly person that manages to escape or hide from the predictably bloody assault will later be " hunted " so that the cleansing is complete and the commanders in charge of the operation can report to their superiors : " We 've completed the mission . "
And then , from up there above , they will write about the Palestinians ' violent nature and they 'll make declarations condemning that violence and they 'll get back to discussing if it 's Zionism or anti-Semitism .
While many people may believe that the current violence in Gaza began on December 27 , in fact Palestinians have been dying from bombardments for many weeks .
On November 4 , when the Israeli - Palestinian truce was still in effect but global attention was turned to the US elections , Israel launched a " pre-emptive " air strike on Gaza , alleging intelligence about an imminent operation to capture Israeli soldiers .
More assaults took place throughout the month .
It is estimated that 400,000 people , most of them in Gaza city , do not have access to piped water .
It is reported that sewage is flooding into the streets as the result of the damage to the sewage network .
Gaza city wastewater treatment plant was hit .
While the Israeli cheerleaders testified to the superior moral fibre of their team , the Palestinian civilian death toll mounted .
Reports confirm that Israeli missiles tore at least fifteen Palestinian police cadets to shreds at a graduation ceremony , blew twelve worshipers to pieces ( including six children ) while they left evening prayers at a mosque , flattened the elite American International School , killed five sisters while they slept in their beds , and liquidated nine women and children in order to kill a single Hamas leader .
So far , Israeli forces have killed at least 900 people from Gaza and wounded some several thousands , including hundreds of children .
Yesterday , the Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) blanketed parts of Gaza with white phosphorus , a chemical weapon Saddam Hussein once deployed against Kurdish rebels .
A new word emerged from the carnage in Gaza this week : " scholasticide " -- the systematic destruction by Israeli forces of centres of education dear to Palestinian society , as the Ministry of Education was bombed , the infrastructure of teaching destroyed , and schools across the Gaza strip targeted for attack by the air , sea and ground offensives .
Salute those Jews and Israelis who speak out
We are deeply troubled by the immoral position adopted by the South African Jewish Board of Deputies , the South African Zionist Federation and the Chief Rabbi Warren Goldstein on the current atrocities in Gaza .
They continue to justify the aggression in all sorts of jargons , masking the true character of the human crisis and suffering inflicted daily on the people of Palestine .
We also note that mainstream media continues to stigmatise the legitimate struggles of the resisting people , preferring to call it in all sorts of words -- terrorism , attack , etc .
We salute and welcome the ever growing movement of Jews and Israelis who are beginning to speak out boldly against the genocide carried out in the name of the Israeli people by a few warmongers and their US allies in the conservative elite ruling the US .
The International Jewish Anti-Zionist Network ( IJAN ) is one of those organisations or network of Jews whose Jewish identities are not based on Zionism but on a plurality of histories and experiences .
According to their own declaration , they share a commitment to participation in the legacy of struggles against colonisation and imperialism .
As such , they struggle against Zionism and its manifestation in the State of Israel ’s historic and ongoing ethnic cleansing of the Palestinian people and the confiscation of their land .
US complicity in the genocide
Israel is the biggest recipient of US aid , roughly estimated at around $ 32 billion [ 1 ] per annum .
No doubt , the bulk of this amount is used for military purposes and protecting Israel ’s imperial posture in the Middle East in pursuit of its position as the US client state in that part of the world responsible for defending its strategic and economic interests .
Military and strategic co-operation between the two states run deeper than imagined .
According to recent reports the Pentagon plans to make a large arms delivery to Israel , raising fears that the military campaign in Gaza will go on for a long time .
The US is trying to hire a merchant ship that can carry hundreds of tons of weapons from Greece to Israel later this month , Reuters reported , citing tender documents it had obtained .
According to the US Navy 's Military Sealift Command ( MSC ) , the ship will transport 325 standard 20 - foot containers of what has been called ' ammunition ' from the Greek port of Astakos to the Israeli port of Ashdod on two separate trips in the second half of January .
A description on the manifest says the containers will be loaded with ``hazardous material '' , such as explosive substances and detonators , without giving any more details .
The Pentagon announced the tender for the ship in the last hours of 2008 .
The two deadlines set for the deliveries are January 25 and the last day of the month .
Meanwhile , a Pentagon spokesperson confirmed the planned arms shipment to Israel , but denied that the delivery was linked to the Israel 's deadly offensive in Gaza .
In September , the US Congress approved a plan to sell Israel 1000 bunker - buster bombs , of the Guided Bomb Unit - 39 ( GBU - 39 ) , that use GPS to find their way and are able to penetrate deep fortified constructions , such as Iran 's nuclear facilities .
Last week ,
The * Jerusalem Post* , reported that the first shipment of the missiles arrived in early December , adding that the bombs had been used in the military onslaught in Gaza .
Palestine is bleeding , lamenting is a luxury and action is long overdue !
Boycott , disinvestment and sanctions
We support and encourage the Boycott , Disinvestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) efforts against Israel around the world .
We ask newly elected US President Barack Obama to indeed live true to his promise for real change , of which US foreign policy should be one of the key focus areas .
In this regard , we call on him to stop US aid to Israel .
This becomes not only necessary but also a duty of international solidarity , which should be the priority action point among labour unions around the world .
We also call upon all and everyone to be an active player in raising funds and all the material resources to meet the bare necessities of food , medicine , and medical supplies for the people .
The utter disregard for international law by Israel and its contempt for UN resolutions further confirm the need for the restructuring and transformation of this super global governance institution to meet the challenges of the 21st century .
Its relevance as a custodian of global peace and security is in question .
So is its legitimacy to resolve disputes and set standards for global governance .
However , we welcome the decision of the UN Human Rights Council despite US attempts to frustrate its efforts towards condemning Israel .
We are putting forward the following issues for a way forward :
1 . All trade unions , social movements , NGOs , religious organisations and academics to support and actively participate in the boycott , disinvestment and sanctions campaign against Israel , refusing to handle anything that comes from and that goes to Israel in order to isolate it until it submits to international law and withdraws from all the occupied territories 2 .
We urge all companies and all shipping companies to refuse to carry any shipment of arms to Israel .
Any shipping company who carries these weapons has the blood of the people of Gaza on its hands !
3 . We call upon all governments to enforce international law , by refusing to recognise a country that makes a mockery of international law and the pursuit of human dignity .
In this regard , they must expel Israeli ambassadors and representatives in order to ensure that we isolate it throughout the world until it subscribes to the ideals of human dignity !
In this case , we salute the bold example of Venezuela and call upon all countries to emulate it .
4 . We call upon international media to expose the real truth behind the war and not to hide the real issues in the name of objectivity , by projecting an image of Israel as a state under siege by terrorist , thus discrediting the legitimate resistance of the Palestinian people .
Balanced reporting does not mean , massaging issues and diluting the truth even in the face of insurmountable evidence against the wrong side .
5 . We call upon the international trade union movement to emulate the heroic example of the Norwegian Locomotive Drivers Union , which on January 8 ensured that all trains in the whole of Norway , and all trams and subways in Oslo , stood still for two minutes in protest against Israeli invasion .
In the process , they issued the following information for passengers : “ Because of the situation in the Gaza Strip , the Locomotive Drivers Union in Norway has decided to demonstrate our solidarity with the Palestinian people .
This will be organised by adding two more minutes of stoppage at the station .
The same action applies to all passenger trains in Norway simultaneously .
We demand the immediate withdrawal of all Israeli troops from the Palestinian territory .
Thank you for your understanding ” .
This is very inspiring coming from Europe where the tendency , even amongst progressives , is to be apologetic about Israel and condemn the Palestinian struggle as acts of terrorism 6 .
We call for particular focus on targeting the conservative US and British foreign policies , which requires that we work with our counterpart unions and progressive organisations in these countries to effect radical foreign policy changes in relation to the Middle East .
This should include exposing the complicit role of these two states in perpetuating the violence and arming Israel , while rhetorically positioning themselves as anti-terrorists .
7 . We acknowledge the progressive role of our government in relation to the situation in the Middle East , including its humanitarian support for the suffering people of Gaza , but believe that there is a lot more we can do working together .
In this instance , we call for the cessation of all trade relations with Israel .
8 . The Arab League must be brought under pressure to act in solidarity with the Palestinian people and limit the chances of some states openly collaborating with Israel , but to lead the global offensive for the isolation of Israel , owing to their strategic proximity in that area .
Once again , the global solidarity movement must be intensified to support the cause of the suffering people of Palestine , even more so with the crisis in Gaza .
A day more under occupation is hell for the dispossessed people .
[ Speech delivered to address to the rally in solidarity with the people of Gaza , held in Lenasia , near Johannesburg , on January 14 , 2009 . ]
* * *
Cosatu wants SA to cut ties with Israel
January 16 , 2009 -- South African Press Association --
The Congress of South African Trade Unions wants the South African government to cease all relations with Israel and close down the Israeli embassy in Pretoria .
The moves are among several agreed to at a meeting on Wednesday concerning developments in the Middle East , Cosatu said in a statement on Friday .
" Many South African parastatals and companies have serious business deals with Israeli companies and workers must reject them , with Telkom being an example " , Cosatu international relations officer Bongani Masuku said in the statement .
" In their refusal to handle Israeli goods , workers will be protecting their own jobs in the true spirit of the Proudly South Africa Campaign ... , " he said accusing supermarket chains of selling Israeli products at the expense of local produce .
" We should call for the expulsion of Israeli security agencies and Mossad at our airports " , Masuku continued .
" The security of South Africa is compromised by allowing these Israeli security agencies to operate at our airports and harass people going to Israel ... " , he said citing a case involving members of the South African Municipal Workers ' Union and Cosatu .
The relationship between South Africa 's national carrier South African Airways and its Israeli counterpart El - Al should also be terminated , he said .
Wednesday 's meeting was attended by Cosatu 's alliance partners , the ANC and SACP , union affiliates , international solidarity organisations , non-governmental organisations , social movements and academic activists .
" The meeting noted that massive and varied solidarity activities are underway by many organisations and people all over the world , which is an encouraging sign of human co-operation " , said Masuku .
" It further noted the need for maximum impact through deeper synergies around a clear and concrete programme of action to raise the plight of the Palestinian people and intensify pressure against the occupying power , Israel , to withdraw from the whole of Palestine in the interests of freedom and democracy for the Palestinian people , and broader peace and justice in the whole Middle East region .
" Finally , the meeting agreed on [ a ] ... bold programme and activities to guide our collective response to the dire situation , and on the need for more coherence and impact by the progressive people of the world " , he said .
These activities included arranging a high - profile Cosatu delegation to the Middle East to assess the situation and raise international awareness on the urgency of the need for solidarity .
Cosatu had also established a solidarity co-ordinating forum to co-ordinate the various activities and to set national days of action .
-- Sapa
Eating fruit and vegetables is the best way to feel healthy , researchers say There is no evidence that products widely promoted to help the body " detox " work , scientists warn .
The charitable trust Sense About Science reviewed 15 products , from bottled water to face scrub , and found many detox claims were " meaningless " .
Anyone worried about the after - effects of Christmas overindulgence would get the same benefits from eating healthily and getting plenty of sleep , they said .
Advertising regulators said they looked at such issues on a case - by - case basis .
The investigation , done by research members of the Voice of Young Science network , was kicked off by a campaign to unpick " dodgy " science claims - where companies use phrases that sound scientific but do not actually mean anything .
The minimum sellers of detox products should be able to offer is a clear understanding of what detox is and proof that their product actually works
Tom Wells , chemist
They challenged the companies behind products such as vitamins , shampoo , detox patches and a body brush on the evidence they had to support the detox claims made .
No two companies seemed to use the same definition of detox - defined by the Oxford English Dictionary as the removal of toxic substances or qualities .
In the majority of cases , producers and retailers were forced to admit that they had simply renamed processes like cleaning or brushing , as detox , the scientists said .
Toxins
One researcher investigated a Garnier face wash which claimed to detoxify the skin by removing toxins .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A five - day detox plan from Boots which claimed to detoxify the body and flush away toxins was also criticised for not being backed by evidence .
Evelyn Harvey , a biologist who looked into the product , said that if consumers followed the healthy diet that was recommended alongside the supplement they would probably feel better - but it would have nothing to do with the product itself .
The researchers warned that , at worst , some detox diets could have dangerous consequences and , at best , they were a waste of money .
Tom Wells , a chemist who took part in the research , said : " The minimum sellers of detox products should be able to offer is a clear understanding of what detox is and proof that their product actually works .
" The people we contacted could do neither . "
Alice Tuff , from Sense About Science , added : " It is ridiculous that we 're seeing a return to mystical properties being claimed for products in the 21st Century and I 'm really pleased that young scientists are sharing their concerns about this with the public . "
The Advertising Standards Authority said it would investigate such claims on a case - by - case basis if a complaint was made .
" If a product is making claims not substantiated by the evidence submitted by the company we would challenge that . "
A spokeswoman from Boots said its five - day detox plan encouraged people to drink water and includes ingredients that " battle against toxins and help protect from the dangers of free radicals " .
And Garnier commented : " All Garnier products undergo rigorous testing and evaluation to ensure that our claims are accurate and noticeable by our consumers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama told Republican
House leaders
Tuesday he plans to stand firm on the part of his $ 825 billion economic recovery plan that calls for tax rebates for nearly all working Americans -- including those who make too little to owe income taxes .
President Obama has pledged to work with Republicans on his economic stimulus package .
According to two Republican aides familiar with Obama 's Capitol Hill meeting , Rep. Dave Camp , R- Michigan , the ranking member on the Ways and Means committee , asked Obama if there was room for negotiation on the structure of the biggest tax cut in the bill .
" Feel free to whack me over the head because I probably will not compromise on that part , " the president replied , according to one of the aides , who requested anonymity because the member of Congress relaying information to the aide from inside the meeting wished to remain anonymous .
Obama supports the tax rebates for those who do n't pay income taxes because they do pay payroll taxes for Social Security and Medicare .
" The president said again that people that pay payroll tax are taxpayers , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said later . " ...
And he just mentioned that the notion that refundability of tax credits for those that do n't make a lot of money was a principle that not only he holds , but one that Ronald Reagan held with the Earned Income Tax Credit in the ' 80s . "
Obama came to the Capitol for meetings with GOP senators and representatives hoping to bridge Washington 's gaping partisan divide and find common ground in the face of a slumping economy .
While the unusual personal interaction between a president of one party and rank - and - file members of the other was warmly received on both sides of the aisle , the meetings ended with little promise of serious compromise or change on the core issue of how best to spark new economic growth .
The president first met with House Republicans and then with the Senate GOP caucus .
" We had a wonderful exchange of ideas , and I continue to be optimistic about our ability to get this recovery package done to put people back to work , " Obama said after leaving the meeting with GOP House members .
" There are some legitimate philosophical differences " between Democrats and Republicans on how to stimulate the economy , Obama noted , " and I respect that . "
" I do n't expect 100 percent agreement , " he said .
" But I hope we can put politics aside . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said he believes some members enjoyed the conversation .
" Clearly , there are some differences , [ but ] I look forward to [ working with Obama ] to improve this package in the coming days so that it is a package that will work for American families , small businesses and our overall economy . "
Obama 's plan -- the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act -- has been placed on the congressional fast - track .
Democratic leaders have said they aim to get the package to Obama 's desk for enactment by Presidents Day , which falls on February 16 .
Gibbs said the meetings Tuesday did not " start at zero . "
" I do n't think today was the beginning or the end , but just part of that process , " he said .
" I do think there is a genuine sense of -- of cooperation that was involved in the meetings .
I think we will have Republican support for this bill .
I think you 'll have some when the House passes this bill , hopefully on Wednesday . "
The Republican aides , however , said the vast majority of House Republicans are expected to oppose the package Wednesday but are optimistic they will secure some of the changes they want after the vote -- either through changes the Senate makes or in conference committee after the Senate votes on the stimulus .
The talks are being held against the backdrop of what appears to be a steadily deteriorating economic situation , highlighted by thousands of new private sector job cuts and record low consumer confidence .
The Conference Board , a New York - based business research group , reported Tuesday that its Consumer Confidence Index fell to 37.7 in January , an all - time low going back to the index 's inception in 1967 .
How much influence the minority GOP will have on the final drafting of the stimulus plan is an open question .
" What we 're watching now as the stimulus package takes shape is the legislative equivalent of the first date : Republicans meeting with the new president , sizing him up ; Obama deciding whether the GOP is serious about working with him , " said Gloria Borger , CNN senior political analyst .
Read what Borger says of the ' first date '
" He [ Obama ] came to a conclusion early on in his political career that partisan polarization is a large part of the problem , " said a senior Obama adviser .
" Both in reality and in the minds of the American people . "
One key Republican criticism of the stimulus plan is that many of its provisions would not jolt the economy back to life quickly enough .
The Congressional Budget Office late Monday evening released its first analysis of the total stimulus package as proposed by House Democrats .
The CBO estimates that roughly 64 percent of the $ 825 billion package would be put to use in 2009 and 2010 , assuming a stimulus bill is signed into law in mid-February .
By contrast , Peter Orszag , Obama 's budget director , vowed to congressional leaders last week that 75 percent of the money would be spent within 18 months .
The question of just how fast states and other agencies can spend money to do things like fix roads and retrofit buildings to make them more energy efficient will remain central to the congressional debate in coming days .
Appearing before reporters Tuesday morning , Boehner applauded Obama 's planned meeting with congressional Republicans , but reiterated his belief that the bill , as currently drafted , would significantly add to the debt while failing to spark sufficient job creation .
The current version of the bill " wo n't stimulate anything except more government and more debt , " said Indiana Rep .
Mike Pence , another member of the House GOP leadership .
Obama was accompanied on the Hill on Tuesday by Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood , a former moderate GOP House member from the president 's home state of Illinois .
The administration is hoping that LaHood , who once was the host of bipartisan congressional dinners with White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , will be able to help Obama win at least some Republicans in Congress .
Emanuel also planned to meet with several House Republicans Tuesday night , senior administration officials said .
Obama also extended an olive branch to Republicans by reportedly helping to remove from the stimulus plan a widely criticized $ 200 million provision to provide contraceptives to low - income families .
The provision , which Republican leaders said would do little to help boost the economy , had been strongly defended by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
CNN 's Brianna Keillar , Ed Henry , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and CNNMoney 's Catherine Clifford contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • U.S. House of Representatives • Republican Party
Learn All Soccer Positions With Ease !
Soccer positions can be confusing , especially if you have just started to play soccer .
It took me a while to figure out what a sweeper , fullback or central midfielder is , but of course I did n't have access to this information . '
Lucky for you , I have created a guide that describes every position in soccer , so just take your time and check out any position that interests you .
However , if you are really serious with your soccer career and want to learn all the secrets behind every soccer position , I strongly recommend you to check out this book .
Keep in mind also that you should try to play many soccer positions before deciding what position suits you best .
My experience is that many soccer players ( especially young people ) want to play as forwards and strikers .
As you already know , this is not possible because someone has to be fullback , midfielder , goalkeeper and so on .
However , just because you do n't play these soccer positions , does n't mean that you will not become a good soccer player .
The Sweeper
If you want to play as sweeper in soccer you should have a good understanding of the game and also strong leadership abilities .
Your main task is to control the defense of your team and to always stay behind your fullbacks .
Center Fullback
The center fullback ’s ( or stopper ’s ) main task is to mark the opposing team forwards or central midfielders .
Distributing the ball to the midfielders and playing offensively at intervals is also an important skill if you want to perform well as stopper
Left / Right Fullback
If your team use a flat back formation , your main task would be to mark your opponent ’s forwards .
Playing fullback in soccer requires that you are dependable and willing to give up any offensive raid .
Whether you are playing as right or left fullback you will still need to concentrate completely on your game in defense .
Wingback
To get a feeling on how to play as wingback , I advise you to study Dani Alves and Maicon which are both playing for Brazil .
By doing that you ’ll be able to notice what they are doing in particular situations which should give you a brief idea on how to play on this position .
Left / Right Midfielder
Good crosses in the offense are a requirement to perform well as right or left midfielder .
You will also carry the ball up the field because left / right midfielders have more room compared to the center midfielders .
Defensive Midfielder
As a defensive midfielder your job is to operate in front of your defense line .
You must have enough strength to force yourself to perform to the maximum .
Strong character is also a requirement .
Central Midfielder
Playing as the central midfielder requires good passing and ball handling skills .
You must also distribute the ball safely among the offenders while doing everything to stop or slow down your opponent ’s offensive attacks before they reach your last defensive line .
The Winger
To succeed as winger you should be able to sprint away from your opponents , be able to run 40 - 50 yards up and down the field , score goals and also serve your teammates with quality crosses .
This requires of course a lot of energy which means that your fitness needs to be at the top .
Striker
The soccer striker is a type of position where you must be good at scoring goals .
Simply , if you do n’t score , then you are not performing well .
I would say that playing striker is the toughest and most painful position to play .
This is because you need to have great soccer dribbling and soccer shooting skills but also because defenders will do everything in their power to stop you .
There is no greater feeling then scoring a goal , so do n’t give up so easily ; instead , try your best and the goals will come .
The Soccer Goalkeeper
Your job as soccer goalie is to prevent your opponents from scoring .
But you need also to encourage your teammates , steer your defensive line and organize attacks .
Second Striker
To succeed as second striker you will need to have exceptional ball skills ( e.g shooting , passing and dribbling ) .
You will also need to be good at heading and even know how to score goals .
Beside that you need to be strong in order to hold off your opponents and shield the ball while waiting for your teammates to catch up .
Centre Forward
To succeed as centre forward you will need be aggressive , brave and be able to maintain your focus during the whole game .
You also need to be prepared to work hard without the ball , know how to dribble your opponents and be able to score goals from any situation .
Attacking / Offensive Midfielder
To succeed as offensive midfielder you will need excellent skills with the ball , be creative intelligent , know how to score goals and also be able to encourage your teammates during the games .
You also need to be prepared on criticism because you 'll surely receive plenty of that when your team fails to score goals and utilize the attacking strategies that are determined by your coach .
Related Soccer Positions Articles
Prypiat ( Ukrainian : При́п 'ять , Pryp ” jat ’ ; Russian : При́пять , Pripjat ’ ; or Pripyat ) is an abandoned city in the Zone of alienation in northern Ukraine , Kiev Oblast , near the border with Belarus .
It was home to the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant workers .
The city was abandoned in 1986 following the Chernobyl disaster .
Its population had been around 50,000 prior to the accident ... see more of the city in Chernobyl disaster part 1 and
Judge questions law giving telecoms immunity
A federal judge in San Francisco is raising questions about the constitutionality of a law designed to dismiss suits against telecommunications companies accused of cooperating with government wiretapping .
Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker has asked President Obama 's Justice Department to present its views by Wednesday on whether the law gives the attorney general too much power to decide whether a company is immune from lawsuits .
Obama supported the measure as a senator when Congress approved it last year .
Department spokesman Charles Miller declined to discuss the administration 's response before Wednesday 's filing .
But Obama 's vote for the bill last summer , and statements by Attorney General Eric Holder at his confirmation hearing last month , indicate the department will defend the law .
Walker is presiding over lawsuits in which telecommunications companies ' customers have accused the firms of illegally sharing their telephone and e-mail records with federal agents .
Then - President George W. Bush acknowledged in 2005 that he had ordered the National Security Agency to intercept messages between Americans and suspected foreign terrorists without approval from the courts or Congress .
His administration refused to discuss telecommunications companies ' role in the wiretapping program .
After Walker allowed AT&T customers to proceed with their lawsuit , Bush won congressional approval last year of a law that authorized the surveillance program and sought to shield the companies from legal claims .
Under the law , a judge is required to dismiss a wiretapping suit against a telecommunications firm if the attorney general explains the firm 's role to the judge in a confidential statement .
The government would say either that the firm had no role or that it participated based on assurances that the president had approved the eavesdropping to protect the nation from terrorism .
Bush 's attorney general , Michael Mukasey , filed a statement with Walker seeking dismissal of the AT&T suit .
Holder , questioned at his Senate confirmation hearing last month , said he would reaffirm Mukasey 's statement and defend the law unless he had " compelling reasons " to do otherwise .
In a Feb. 11 order , Walker said the law appeared to set no criteria for the attorney general to use in deciding whether to seek immunity for a company .
Walker asked the opposing sides in the AT&T case to submit arguments by Wednesday on whether the law violates a 1944 Supreme Court ruling that set constitutional limits on laws granting power to the president .
The point of the 1944 ruling , said the phone customers ' lawyer , Cindy Cohn of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , was that " Congress is supposed to write the laws .
Congress is n't supposed to abdicate the ability to write those laws to the president . "
[ digg- reddit- me ]
As in the financial crisis generally , the executive branch , the media , and the Congress have all focused on the corporations whose brands are at stake rather than the people affected .
This is understandable .
Stalin ’s famous aphorism that a million deaths are merely a statistic , while a single death is a tragedy , can be adapted to economic hardship as well .
A million bankruptcies by individuals are a mere statistics , while the bankruptcy of a famous brand such as Chrysler or Citibank is a tragedy , affecting each of our lives – as signs come down , commercials stop airing , and the products and services we receive now have a different branding .
But saving a brand name should never be the business of our government .
In a government intervention into the market , a brand name might be saved – but this should never be a policy goal .
Yet , this is precisely the manner in which this question is presented to the public :
Should the government bail out Citibank ?
Or Chrysler ?
Or Starbucks ?
Framed in this manner , the answer should always be , “ No . ”
The real issue concerns the proper role of government in a market economy .
In this crisis , the issue of how involved the government should be in the economy has largely been resolved .
“ Do nothing , ” does n’t seem to be a realistic option in the midst of a crisis .
In times of panic , we are all Keynesians .
The unwinding after the crisis promises to re-ignite a fight about the proper role of government in the economy .
The real issue at the moment then , is the follow - up question : how to balance market forces and stability in a market economy – and specifically , in the midst of this crisis .
Mitt Romney , in a New York Times editorial that proved especially influential , made the case for why our current system can effectively deal with the bankruptcies of the Big Three Automakers .
Paul Krugman took what has become the consensus liberal view : if only we were n’t already in a credit crisis , bankruptcy would be a good option .
For the past year , this has been the argument – with the same people sometimes switching sides depending on the particular company .
Capitalism inevitably involves creative destruction – but in the midst of a crisis of confidence , any destruction becomes seen as potentially catastrophic , as the collapse of Lehman Brothers demonstrated .
But government intervention should avoid saving corporations .
The government should , when it intervenes in the market , strive to change the forces at work rather than to inject money into corporations themselves .
Corporations , whose primary purpose is to amass wealth by any means available for their owners , and who always manage to simultaneously amass wealth for the managers , cannot be trusted with public money .
There is no public purpose to such profit - making .
The public value of a corporation comes from it ’s incidental activities – the means by which it is able to amass it ’s profits .
By bailing out General Motors , the government would be giving it ’s money away for no public purpose .
But the government does serve a public purpose by keeping General Motors ’ factories churning out cars .
Within that distinction lies the difference between outrageous abuse of taxpayer funds and a valid public purpose .
The more difficult question is how to avoid the abuse while serving the purpose .
The Bush administration has failed to do this – which is why there is fresh outrage at every million dollar junket by AIG executives or private jet ride by auto executives .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
It jumps .
It rolls .
It could be coming soon to a planet near you .
Designed by biomimetics researcher Rhodri Armour at the University of Bath , the Jollbot is a spherical cage that can roll in any direction .
If it can't go around an obstacle , it goes over .
To jump , the cage compresses and springs open — a mechanism inspired by the joints of a grasshopper 's legs .
Between rolling and jumping , Armour hopes the two - pound Jollbot will be able to handle rough terrain on other planets .
" We 've made a robot that jumps in a similar way to the grasshopper , but uses electrical motors to slowly store the energy needed to leap in its springy skeleton , " he said in a press release .
" Future prototypes could include a stretchy skin covered in solar cells on the outside of the robot , so it could power itself , and robotic control sensors to enable it to sense its environment .
Another notable animal - inspired robot : the Roboswift , developed by Dutch aerospace students at the Delft University of Technology and Wagenhingen University .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
By Sanchia Berg
Today Programme
Life with the partisans behind the lines in WWII
In pictures
Files released this autumn at the National Archives in Kew include one dossier showing how the Special Operations Executive - Churchill 's " secret army " - was not disbanded at the end of the Second World War , as is commonly thought .
Instead , nearly 300 agents were brought into the Secret Intelligence Service - otherwise known as MI6 .
Officially SOE , the organisation set up to run resistance in occupied countries , was " liquidated " in January 1946 .
SOE operatives were trained in all aspects of clandestine operations .
They organised sabotage , guerrilla actions , black propaganda operations and financial warfare .
They were active in Europe , the Middle East , and Asia .
SOE researchers had perfected secret communications and even developed weapons such as exploding rats .
Training schools , like the one at Beaulieu in Hampshire , taught agents all manner of spy techniques , including how to kill an opponent with their bare hands .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Secret Operations
The recently released file reveals the liquidation was a front .
One briefing paper for the Chiefs of Defence Staff from January 1946 shows that while the " liquidation party " at SOE 's headquarters was closing down the office , 280 of its personnel were becoming " Special Operations Branch " .
The plan was for them to be headed by " C " - the head of SIS - but to work independently .
SOE agents were trained in secret locations around Britain However , in just a matter of weeks " C " - Sir Stewart Menzies - had decided that the idea of a separate branch was " unsound " .
He told the Chiefs of Defence Staff that he believed it would be better simply to merge them .
Though in wartime SIS and SOE had sometimes worked well together , they were in many ways quite different .
SIS had been founded in 1909 , to secretly acquire intelligence .
SOE - founded in 1940 - was far brasher , by the end of the war far bigger , and operated in a way that was closer to the James Bond idea of the secret agent .
So did merging the two mean the transformation of the secret service ?
Dr Philip Davies , author of " MI6 and the Machinery of Spying " , knew about the merger - though he had not seen the detailed manpower figures - and considers it more of a takeover .
He says that it was the acquisition of the training and research staff which was probably most significant , as SIS had few facilities in this area .
When it came to operations , Sir Stewart Menzies made sure that any decisions were left to SIS staff , and the Foreign Office had to approve foreign actions , so the intake of SOE staff did n't mean that James Bond came to SIS .
Nonetheless , some of the SOE staff brought in did run clandestine operations within the expanded service .
SOE and SIS David Smiley , one of the SOE officers who operated behind enemy lines I met probably the only surviving senior officer who did so - Colonel David Smiley , now 92 .
The first time he went into Albania was with SOE in 1943 .
His task was to organise partisans to fight the Nazis .
It was a difficult assignment .
The conditions were harsh - and the Albanians reluctant to fight .
In Albania he had poor experience of the " other " service .
An SIS agent had " hijacked " one of his supply drops .
" There was no love lost between SOE and SIS " he told me .
At the end of the war , David Smiley was invited to join SIS .
As far as he knew , he was one of only three ex-SOE agents to do so .
In the late 1940s he was given another Albanian assignment - his first for SIS .
This time , David Smiley was to train pro-British Albanians and then infiltrate them into the newly Communist state from a base in Malta .
The operation ran from 1949 - 1950 .
His task ended once the Albanians had gone in .
David Smiley was very concerned to discover later that his agents had been quickly captured .
He told me that for years he wondered how it had come about : had one of " his " Albanians been taken and " spilled the beans " ?
He later learned that the operation had been betrayed by Kim Philby .
According to Dr Philip Davies , SIS ran similar operations in Ukraine , and the Baltic States .
Pro-British Albanians were trained by the SIS after WWII
The aim was to send in " stay behinds " - nationals of the country , working for the West , who would only become active in case of war .
But here too , the networks were betrayed and the agents captured by the communists .
Other files uncovered at the National Archives show that it was the Russian nuclear bomb which put a stop to these adventures .
Once the Russians had tested their device , and there was evidence that they could deploy nuclear weapons , a secret Cabinet committee decided it was too risky to continue with such clandestine operations .
Any escalation would be far too dangerous .
This part of history seems to be emerging in fragments - a veteran 's recollections here , the odd file coming out at the National Archives .
MI5 - the domestic security service - is making its archive public .
So far , the files run to the early 1950s .
By contrast , SIS , or MI6 , has no plans to release any part of its own archive .
The documents I found were in a folder from the Air Ministry .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lead -Carbon batteries are a possible game changing energy storage technology .
The Economist published an article about Axion Power International ( AXPW.OB ) titled “ Lead - acid Batteries Recharged ” and Sandia National Laboratories released a report detailing side - by - side testing of lead - acid , lead - carbon and Li-ion batteries .
A conventional lead - acid battery is a simple affair , made up of a series of cells each containing a positive electrode made of lead dioxide and a negative electrode of metallic lead .
These are immersed in an electrolyte of dilute sulphuric acid .
In Axion ’s battery the negative electrode is replaced with one made from activated carbon , a material used in supercapacitors .
Normal capacitors — those that power the flashguns in cameras for instance — can be charged and discharged rapidly , but can not store much energy .
Supercapacitors are meatier versions that are able to hold a reasonable amount of energy as well as taking it in and releasing it quickly .
Some , indeed , are already used in tandem with the lithium - ion batteries in electric cars to boost acceleration and recapture energy during so - called “ regenerative ” braking .
Axion ’s plan , therefore , is to have the best of both worlds by building a lead - acid / carbon hybrid , or PbC .
The primary goals of lead - carbon research have been to extend the cycle lives of lead - acid batteries and increase their power .
Basically , developers start with conventional lead - acid chemistry and add carbon components to the negative electrodes .
While the carbon components increase specific power and reduce a chemical reaction called “ sulfation ” that occurs during charging cycles and is the principal reason ordinary lead - acid batteries fail .
Lead - carbon batteries are different from other types of batteries because they combine the high energy density of a battery and the high specific power of a supercapacitor in a single low - cost device .
Over the last several years , lead - carbon researchers have followed three different development paths :
the following graph highlights the magnitude of the cycle - life improvements that lead - carbon technologies offer today .
This Sandia graph is the first time I ’ve seen independent comparative test data for advanced lead - acid technology , advanced Li-ion technology and emerging lead - carbon technology on the same page .
Since it ’s coming from Sandia I have no reason to suspect a technology bias .
In addition to the cycle - life data represented by the colored lines , the Sandia graph provides parenthetical power data expressed in terms of “ C rates ; ” a measure of the time required for a battery to deliver its stored energy .
For example , if a 10 - volt battery has a nominal 100 Amp - hour rating , it can theoretically deliver 500 watts for two hours at a 0.5 C rate ; 1,000 watts for one hour at a 1 C rate ; 2,000 watts for a half hour at a 2 C rate ; or 4,000 watts for 15 minutes at a 4 C rate .
Historically , lead - acid batteries have had C rates of less than one while higher C rates have been the exclusive province of supercapacitors and premium - priced battery chemistries .
As the Sandia graph shows , they began testing the lead - carbon Ultrabattery at a 1 C rate , doubled the power and tested at a 2 C rate and then doubled the power again and tested at a 4 C rate .
By the time the testing was completed , the Ultrabattery had survived more than 17,000 cycles at increasing C rates .
This is just one series of tests , but it provides irrefutable proof that lead - carbon is re-writing the rules when it comes to both cycle - life and battery power .
A 10 - fold improvement in the performance of any technology is by definition highly disruptive .
The fact that lead - carbon achieved these disruptive performance gains using cheap and plentiful raw materials that are readily available from domestic sources and easily recyclable for use in new batteries using existing infrastructure is an absolute game changer ; particularly when the closest comparable technology is based on expensive imported raw materials that are not easily recyclable for use in new batteries using existing infrastructure .
Li-ion technology can be a problem because it requires expensive imported raw materials , the bulk of the global manufacturing base is in Asia , the batteries are far too expensive for large - scale energy storage systems and there are many alternative uses for Li-ion batteries that are largely insensitive to battery prices
The best lead - acid batteries are more than adequate for many emerging energy storage applications and a new generation of advanced lead - carbon batteries will change the landscape dramatically .
The Sandia graph is the first independent confirmation , but more information will become available as the lead - carbon battery developers complete their testing and introduce commercial products to the market .
Normal lead - acid starter batteries do not compete well against Li-ion in terms of cycle - life or power .
However the picture changes dramatically when you realise that lead - carbon batteries are expected to offer comparable cycle - lives and power for about 40 % of the cost of Li-ion .
Li-ion is the only rational choice for portable electronics , power tools , electric bicycles and hybrid scooters .
There is also little doubt that Li-ion will be the battery of choice for sleek packaging , size and weight .
However , when it comes to large - scale energy storage applications like HEVs and utility support installations , size and weight are simply design issues .
They are not mission critical constraints that justify paying a 150 % premium for similar performance .
In another project , called Power Cube , Axion is putting banks of its PbCs into a shipping container , which can then be used as a mobile energy - storage system that can supply up to 1MW of power for 30 minutes or 100 KW for ten hours .
Power Cubes could help deliver power to local electricity grids that might otherwise suffer “ brownouts ” as a consequence of demand temporarily exceeding supply .
They might also provide an answer to the problem of matching the supply of solar and wind energy to the demand for electricity , by storing electricity during the day , or during particularly windy periods , so that it is available at night , or during periods of calm .
In the early days of an industrial revolution , function is more important than form and fundamental economics drove the mass market to the cheapest solution .
There is no reason to believe the renewable energy revolution will be any different .
Lead - carbon batteries are game changers for alternative energy storage .
Image by exfordy on flickr under the creative commons license .
Kia announced last month that it will present at the Auto Show in Detroit a new concept which is based on the Soul .
Same time , the Korean manufacturer has released a teaser with the new concept without providing further details .
Kia has revealed a second teaser of which find that the new concept will be called Soulster .
Many details are not known , but judging by first name teaser concept , we realize that Detroit will see a three - door version of the model Soul .
Read more on Kia Soulster new teaser …
just holding up my end of the deal .
Record companies cannot collect restitution for every time a song has been illegally downloaded , a US District judge has decided .
Judge James P. Jones gave his opinion on United States of America v. Dove , a criminal copyright case , ruling that each illegal download does not necessarily equate to a lost sale , and that the companies affected by P2P piracy cannot make their restitution claims based on this assumption .
Daniel Dove was originally found guilty of criminal copyright infringement for running a torrent group called " Elite Torrents " between 2004 and 2005 .
The jury in the case had found Dove guilty of reproduction and distribution of copyrighted works , as well as conspiracy to commit criminal copyright infringement .
At the time , Judge Jones sentenced Dove to 18 months in prison for each count , plus a special assessment of $ 200 and a $ 20,000 fine ( $ 10,000 per count ) .
However , the RIAA and Lionsgate Entertainment had both submitted requests for restitution — they had argued that each individual copy of content downloaded through Elite Torrents was the equivalent of a lost sale .
For example , the RIAA said that 183 albums were transferred through Dove 's server 17,281 times , then multiplied that by the wholesale price of a digital album in 2005 ( $ 7.22 ) to conclude that its member companies were owed almost $ 124,769 in restitution , or $ 47,000 if Dove agreed to be part of an RIAA " public service announcement " about piracy .
Similarly , Lionsgate said that it owned copyrights to 28 of the 700 or so movies that Dove served up — Lionsgate argued that Dove caused the movie industry to lose some $ 22 million , and since Lionsgate owned copyrights to about 4 percent of the available movies , it was owed $ 880,000 .
Jones wrote in his opinion that equating each download with a lost sale is a faulty assumption .
" Those who download movies and music for free would not necessarily purchase those movies and music at the full purchase price , " Jones wrote .
" [ A ] lthough it is true that someone who copies a digital version of a sound recording has little incentive to purchase the recording through legitimate means , it does not necessarily follow that the downloader would have made a legitimate purchase if the recording had not been available for free . "
It 's important to note that this decision does not directly affect the thousands of civil cases that the RIAA has launched against accused copyright violators .
Dove was convicted as a criminal copyright offender where restitution is a consideration , while the RIAA 's civil suits can ask for monetary damages determined on an entirely different scale .
For example , Jammie Thomas was found liable for $ 222,000 in damages in 2007 after " making available " only 24 songs ( that verdict has since been overturned , however , as the " making available " theory has been riddled with holes via different rulings ) .
" The factors that go into the calculation of restitution are different than the ones that go into the calculation of statutory damages in civil cases , " the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's Fred von Lohmann pointed out to Wired .
Still , the Dove ruling is reassuring in that it emphasizes once again the concept that a sheer number of downloads does n't necessarily equal monetary losses .
This is the same assertion made by software groups about piracy , such as the Business Software Alliance ( BSA ) , and it keeps getting shot down .
Further reading :
LYNBROOK , N.Y. , Jan. 15 ( UPI ) -- Police in Nassau County , N.Y. , said they have arrested a man who allegedly grabbed a shark out of a fish tank in a pet shop and hid it in his jacket .
Investigators said Elbert Starks , 30 , entered the Total Aquarium store in Lynbrook Dec. 12 and grabbed the $ 350 nurse shark out of its tank with his bare hands , Newsday reported Thursday .
He left the store with the shark concealed in his jacket , police said .
Advertisement
Starks is also alleged to have stolen a cashier 's wallet Jan. 2 at Pet Barn in Franklin Square and used a credit card from the wallet to buy a $ 300 eel at Parrots of the World in Rockville Centre hours later .
A police spokeswoman said Starks , who is charged with felony grand larceny and misdemeanor petty larceny , was keeping his pilfered fish in a 200 - gallon " personal home aquarium . "
Former President Bill Clinton ’s foundation , despite identifying more than 200,000 of its donors in recent weeks , will not say who paid it windfall prices for stock in a struggling Internet firm with links to the Chinese government .
The William J. Clinton Foundation has identified donors and promised unusual transparency in order to reassure critics who fear the foundation could become the object of largesse from foreign interests seeking to influence his wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Mrs. Clinton , a former Democratic senator from New York , was confirmed by the Senate on Wednesday as President Obama ’s secretary of state and assumed her formal duties with a State Department ceremony Thursday .
See related story : Mitchell , Holbrooke get global hot spots
However , Mrs. Clinton ’s office and the foundation have declined to answer questions about a lucrative 2006 stock transaction , details of which were reported by The Washington Times in March 2008 .
The Accoona Corp. donated between $ 250,001 and $ 500,000 to Mr. Clinton ’s charity after he spoke at the company ’s launch in New York in 2004 , according to donor information released by the foundation in December .
The foundation sold its Accoona stock for $ 700,000 two years later , according to the charity ’s tax return for 2006 .
Despite what the tax return suggests , Accoona struggled mightily to turn a profit .
See related story : Obama pick urges some secrecy
In 2007 , Accoona filed a prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission reporting more than $ 60 million in losses during three years .
In the same prospectus , it listed the China Daily Information Corp. , a subsidiary of China Daily , the official English - language newspaper of the Chinese government , as an official partner and 6.9 percent owner of the company .
Last year , the company ’s management posted a note on the Accoona Web site saying it no longer would be active , citing “ an overwhelmingly competitive search market . ”
Its Jersey City phone number has a busy signal .
However , it was later announced that Accoona had been acquired by a Denmark - based business - to - business search engine .
While the Clinton Foundation voluntarily disclosed the original donation of the stock , it still is unwilling to say who was willing to pay so much for its holdings in the struggling company .
Mrs. Clinton ’s office referred questions about the Accoona stock deal to Mr. Clinton ’s foundation , which declined to provide details .
“ We have not disclosed that and have no plans to , ” foundation spokesman Matt McKenna wrote in an e-mail .
When The Times reported on the Accoona deal last year , former foundation spokesman Ben Yarrow said Accoona had donated 200,000 shares of stock to Mr. Clinton ’s charity after he gave the 2004 speech .
“ The foundation sold its shares through a broker in 2006 , ” Mr. Yarrow said at the time .
“ President Clinton gave a speech .
He did not endorse a product .
As a matter of policy , President Clinton does not promote products . ”
Charities are not required to disclose the identities of their donors or the buyers of any stock holdings , but some Republican senators have pressed for more disclosure about the former president ’s fundraising activities .
With his wife ’s new job , Mr. Clinton has agreed to apprise government ethics officials about his fundraising and increase transparency about the sources of his charity ’s donations .
The former president ’s foundation , which financed the construction of his presidential library and various anti-poverty efforts , has received millions of dollars from overseas .
Massie Ritsch , a spokesman for the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks the influence of money in politics , said the foundation ought to consider the Accoona stock sale as a donation and disclose it if the deal was profitable .
“ In a sense , whoever took the Accoona stock off the foundation ’s hands was making a donation , because the purchaser gave real value to something that was previously valuable only on paper , ” Mr. Ritsch said .
“ That contribution , if you want to call it that , was all the greater if the company ’s stock continued downward after the foundation sold it to this unnamed buyer . ”
Because Accoona was not a publicly traded company , there is no way to determine a fair price for its shares before Mr. Clinton ’s foundation sold its interest for $ 3.50 a share in 2006 .
Before calling off plans to raise money on the stock market in 2007 , Accoona stated in its prospectus that it issued 200,000 shares of common stock to an undisclosed recipient for “ marketing services . ”
For more news on politics and the White House , check out POTUS notes and Bellantoni on Politics
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
A recent survey of drivers found that 2,150 tons of CO2 are generated by UK motorists warming up their cars in the morning , creating the equivalent CO2 emissions of three 747 flights from London to New York each day.[ social_buttons ]
“ Everyone is now familiar with simple energy saving tips like switching off a tap , turning off lights and recycling but it seems many people ’s green intentions go out the window when they are faced with a cold start in the morning .
Our research has shown that an estimated 2,150 tonnes of CO2 and 21,450 MW of electricity will be wasted each cold morning across the UK . ” – Lucy Bailey , ibuyeco spokesperson
The results of the survey of drivers by ibuyeco show that 46 % of UK drivers are in the habit of warming up their vehicles for over 5 minutes on cold winter mornings , releasing an estimated 2,150 tons of CO2 each day .
ibuyeco offers these energy and fuel saving tips :
Covering your vehicle ’s windshield the night before a cold snap reduces the need for heavy scraping and a hot water treatment in the morning
Add an extra layer of clothing or wear your winter coat for the initial early morning drive .
This will ensure you stay cozy and reduce your need to ‘ warm up ’ the car .
Clean out the garage .
If you have a place to store your vehicle overnight , then use the space and keep your car under cover during cold winter nights
ibuyeco is a 100 % carbon - neutral insurance company , offering competitively priced insurance which includes the offset of 100 % of a vehicle ’s annual CO2 emissions .
ibuyeco calculates a vehicle ’s CO2 emissions based on engine size , fuel type and the annual mileage details provided by the customer .
ibuyeco then purchases carbon credits from carbon reduction projects to offset the CO2 emissions produced by driving the insured car .
Drivers are charged per ton of CO2 and to date ibuyeco has offset over 200,000 tons of CO2 on behalf of its policy holders .
For more info , surf on over to ibuyeco : 100 % Carbon Neutral Car Insurance
( Estimates based on : Idling for over of 5 minutes = generates 141.6g CO2 .
Multiplied by over 15 million drivers = 2,150 tons of CO2 produced .
Average return flight from London Heathrow to New York generates 1.3 ton of CO2 per passenger .
A Boeing 747 carrying around 500 people generates 650 tons of CO2 per return flight .
650 ton x 3 flights = 1,950 tonnes of CO2 . )
Image : Simone Ramella at Flickr under Creative Commons
Energy firms make some of their biggest profits from their poorest customers , the UK 's main consumer watchdog claimed today .
Consumer Focus ( CF ) said it estimated power suppliers were making more than half a billion pounds a year in extra charges from people on prepayment metres .
Typical customers using the devices were often those on the lowest incomes , it added .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Jonathan Stearn , CF 's campaigner on disadvantage , said energy firms were using customers who pay for their gas or electricity through prepayment meters to help subsidise cheaper deals for others .
He told the BBC : " Companies could be making up to £ 550 million a year from extra charges they charge on prepayment meters .
" The energy companies are making the most money out of those on prepayment meters and often those are the people on the very lowest incomes . "
Energy awareness group National Energy Action ( NEA ) said prepayment metered customers paid on average £ 359 more a year than those with normal meters .
This contrasts with the extra annual cost of between £ 85 and £ 100 to maintain the prepayment boxes estimated by energy industry regulator Ofgem , the charity added .
A NEA spokeswoman told the BBC that 1,000 people a day are being put on prepayment meters , with many forced to do so after after falling into debt .
She added : " Once you are in debt you are effectively blocked from switching to cheaper deals . "
Ofgem has estimated that prepayment meter customers are missing out on savings worth £ 250 million .
The energy industry body , the Energy Retail Association , has defended the use of the devices , saying many people prefer them because they help budgeting .
Tabbedpanes ( multiple overlapping forms as you see in preference panes ) may now
be made quite simply as follows :
@tp = RubyCurses :: TabbedPane.new @window do height 12 width 50 row 5 col 10 end ## add a tab with label Language @tab1 = @tp.add_tab " Language " ## get the form associated with the tab , so we can create widgets / fields on it f1 = @tab1.form
## a quick example of some checkboxes is as follows @tab3 = @tp.add_tab " Editors " f3 = @tab3.form butts = %w [ Vim Emacs Jed Other ] row = 3 # starting row butts . each do |name| RubyCurses :: CheckBox.new f3 do text name row row col 4 end row +=1 end ## ask the tabbed pane to display itself and to handle keys @tp.show @tp.handle_keys
Key movement :
Buttons have been used for the tab labels on top .
Currently , pressing a button reveals the tab form .
After tabbing through buttons , focus goes to the open tab .
After the last field on the tab , focus comes back to the buttons .
I have looked at various implementations on my system .
In the Terminal preferences , pressing the button reveals the tab form .
In others , when the button gets focus the tab is revealed .
I am not sure what standard behaviour is .
Looking for feedback .
Issues
I have just coded this .
Not much testing .
Currently , buttons have 2 states : focussed and unfocussed .
However , here we need 3 states : selected ( this button ’s tab is open ) , focussed ( cycling through buttons ) and unfocussed .
Other widget
Please do let me know any other widgets that would be useful .
If you can give me a link to details ( methods , properties ) as well as a description of behaviour that would help .
I got stalled on combo-boxes , since I am not sure of standard behaviour .
The examples I see on my system ( in iTunes , Firefox location bar , etc ) all have differences in behaviour .
Location : http://github.com/rkumar/rbcurse/tree/master
Foreclosure caused the 2009�s Poorest 10 in the Real Property Market
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=265
By : Cassiano Travareli
Here is the predicted bottom 10 of the best 100 housing markets for 2009 :
Los Angeles
Median house price was $ 375,340 in the Los Angeles - Long Beach - Glendale area .
There is an expected further drop of 24.9 percent in 2009 .
It can still fall another 5.1 percent in 2010 .
Stockton , California
In 2008 , the median home price is $ 248,050 with one case of foreclosure per 94 homes .
Another 24.7 percent drop is expected in 2009 and a 4.0 percent fall in 2010 .
Riverside , California
San Bernardino and Ontario used to be one of the bestselling markets in early 2000 .
With $ 256,540 median price in 2008 and a great number of foreclosures , a - 23.3 percent change is foreseen for 2009 , and - 4.8 for 2010 .
Miami-Miami Beach
With a 22 percent drop , landing median homes at $ 293,590 , Miami must prepare for 2009�s expected fall by 22.8 percent and 2010�s 6.4 percent down .
Sacramento
The rising unemployment and poor population growth worsen the already foreclosure - downed housing in Sacramento .
Last year median of Sacramento homes were $ 225,140 but will fall 22.2 percent more , and 2.3 percent further in 2010 .
Santa Ana�Anaheim , California
The Orange County was one of priciest real - estates of 2008 with pricing at $ 532,810 .
But not in 2009�s 22 percent or $ 121,000 fall .
In 2010 it is anticipated to fall 3.5 percent more .
Fresno , California
It used to have a median home price of $ 257,170 .
2009 is predicted for a - 21.6 percent change and a - 3.3 percent change in 2010 .
San Diego
The $ 412,490 median is expected to be down to $ 326,000 this 2009 with a 21.1 percent fall .
It will further drop in 2010 by 2.9 percent .
Bakersfield , California
Bakersfield is one of the highest foreclosure rates in 2008 with median home price of $ 227,270 .
Not in 2009 with a 20.9 percent fall before the expected 2.5 percent drop in 2010 .
Washington D.C .
Even with President - Elect Obama moving in Virginia , a 19.9 percent drop is still expected this 2009 .
From a $ 343,160 median , it will be down to $ 275,000 and will further fall in 2010 by 5.7 percent .
California�s high foreclosure rate made 8 of the 10 in our list from the west coast .
Cassiano Travareli has been educated in the finer points of the foreclosures market over 5 years .
As mentioned in the section on light sensitivity the manufacturer 's recommended speed rating should be used as a guide .
To assess the effective speed of a particular film with your own particular equipment it is necessary to make a test for yourself .
If you normally work in a studio then make this test with the lights you normally use .
If you work outside it is best to make the test in lighting conditions which are relatively stable .
Find a high contrast scene by measuring , with your exposure meter , the difference between particular light and dark areas so there is a difference of about 8 stops or zones .
Start by using the manufacture 's recommended speed setting ( ISO ) .
Measure the exposure of the dark area where you want to see just a hint of texture in the shadows or the first suggestion of texture in the shadow detail ( zone 2 ) .
Set your camera to reduce this exposure reading by 3 stops ( or 3 zones ) .
For example , if this shadow reading gave an exposure of f2.8 then close the lens ( by - 3 ) to f8 .
Expose the film to this exposure setting .
Then make a series of six other exposures by altering the speed settings on your light meter by one third .
For example , if the manufacture 's recommended speed setting is ISO 100 , then first set the exposure meter at ISO 100 .
Then alter the settings to slower speeds of ISO : 80 , 64 and 50 and then make three more exposures to faster speeds of ISO : 125 , 160 and 200 .
Make careful notes of the 7 exposures and then process the film in your chosen developer and remember to keep the temperature and agitation methods consistent .
See processing guide .
When the negatives are dry place them on a light box and carefully assess which negative shows the first hint of detail in the shadow area ( the shadow area you choose to calculate the exposures ) .
The speed setting for this particular film ( in association with the development and camera equipment ) is measured from the negative you choose .
For example , choose the negative with the zone 2 shadow detail and if this particular negative was exposed at a film speed of ISO 80 - then ISO 80 would be the speed of this particular film in combination with the equipment and chemistry you have chosen .
to top
The method for exposing colour or B &W slides correctly is different from exposing negative film and finding the exact exposure is more critical with transparency .
Unlike making exposure readings for the negative where it is important to base the exposure from the shadow detail , with transparency the exposure has to be calculated from the high - light or white detail .
An incident light exposure reading is recommended for this .
It is ideal to use a hand held exposure meter which has a diffuser attachment , this measures the incident light that falls on your subject to achieve a high - light reading .
The diffuser is normally a small translucent white dome which can be attached to a hand - held meter .
The exposure method is then quite simple : point the incident exposure meter diffuser towards the camera from ( the light falling on ) your subject and read the settings .
If you only have a reflected light exposure meter or one built in your camera then I would suggest you take a reading of a white area where you want to see some detail or texture and set this reading on a zone 8 ( or open the lens by 3 stops from the white textured meter reading ) .
For example if the white area exposure reading indicates an aperture of f22 then open the lens ( by +3 ) to f8 .
This method can be very useful if the light levels are too low for your exposure meter to record an average reading ( mid grey or zone 5 ) but where you can just make a reading from a white object .
to top
In the landscape the quality of light is very variable and individuals need to assess the quality of light to suit their own requirements to create mood and atmosphere or to make dramatic or subtle images .
The climate has a dramatic effect on the quality of light in the landscape .
It is worth noting that a very high contrast lighting situation can be experienced when the atmosphere is clear and the sun is at it 's highest point in the sky .
What is significant about this , in terms of exposure , is that there will be relatively less shadow detail with clear blue skies in sunshine than with cloudy skies in sunshine .
The shadow detail may be brighter with cloudy skies than with clear skies and in some cases the exposure will need to be longer for a sunny day than a cloudy day !
The higher contrast of stark sunlight can then be controlled by ( reducing ) development or , as a last resort , changing paper grades when making a print .
to top
With experience , I have found that I do not normally need to use an exposure meter with an average Northern Europe landscape between April and October , except for the hours around sunrise and sunset or if very cloudy .
When using negative film rated at ISO 80 , with a yellow filter ( x2 or 1 stop ) over the lens : in sunlight I set my camera to 1/30th second at f11 and is equal to the same exposure as 1/125th at f5.6 .
( Without the yellow filter I use 1/60th sec. at f11 ) .
Using shorter expo sure settings will often results in a loss of shadow detail .
If the weather is cloudy and bright , with the yellow filter , I set the exposure to 1/30th at f8 .
I would recommend that these exposure times are used in conjunction with my processing guide .
to top
The zone system is an ideal method for processing individual sheet negatives where exposures take account of shadow detail and the contrast ( measured by the white detail required ) is controlled by development times .
These notes are of particular use to roll film users and should be read in conjunction with the chapter on exposure .
Film manufacturer 's recommended developing times tend to give a negative of high contrast for general landscape scenes .
I use development times much less than the recommended times .
If you use a particular combination of negative film and controlled development and your results consistently produce prints of an unsatisfactory contrast when using exactly the same camera and enlarger on a normal grade of paper - then alter the development times for your negatives to achieve your normal development time .
If you find that you have low contrast prints on your normal paper and you have shadow detail in the negative then increase the development times when processing your film - start by increasing the development times , initially by 10 % .
If , on the other hand , the contrast is too high then decrease the development times , initially by 10 % .
Increase or decrease the development until you can fine tune the development times which gives the best result for you .
Remember to keep the temperature and agitation methods consistent .
Be careful not to use development times less than half of the manufacture 's recommendation or less than 4 minutes - as even development and exact contrast control will become difficult .
This simplified zone system may seem complicated at first but practice makes it much clearer .
Understanding the principles of the zone system will help you enormously when faced with varying subjects and difficult lighting situations - as it will help you to pre-visualise the tone and contrast of the finished print .
to top
There is a wide choice of B &W negative developers but there are two main types , characterised by the fine - grain developer and the high - acutance developer .
The fine grain developer creates a " softer " grain , where the grain structure is not as well defined and gives the appearance of a finer grain .
Typical general fine grain developers are Ilford 's ID 11 or Kodak 's D 76 and HC - 110 .
The acutance developer gives a sharper grain structure by increasing the contrast between areas in the image , known as the " edge effect " .
The grain size and the overall contrast is more pronounced with these developers .
Agfa 's Rodinal is a typical acutance developer .
There is a variety of developers with combinations of these two characteristics .
I use ID 11 and I dilute this developer 1 + 3 . The increased dilution of the developer will increase the film 's acutance .
to top
Saudi Arabia 's religious police have declared Barbie dolls a threat to morality , complaining that the revealing clothes of the " Jewish " toy - already banned in the kingdom - were offensive to Islam .
The Committee for the Propagation of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , as the religious police are officially known , lists the dolls on a section of its website devoted to items deemed offensive to the conservative Saudi interpretation of Islam .
" Jewish Barbie dolls , with their revealing clothes and shameful postures , accessories and tools are a symbol of decadence to the perverted West .
Let us beware of her dangers and be careful , " said a poster on the site .
The poster , plastered with pictures of Barbie in short dresses and tight pants , and with a few of her accessories , reads : " A strange request .
A little girl asks her mother : Mother , I want jeans , a low - cut shirt , and a swimsuit like Barbie . "
Such posters are distributed to schools and hung in the streets by the religious police , or muttawa , an independent body affiliated with the office of the Prime Minister .
Ever on the lookout for the bright side of hard times , I am tempted to delete “ class inequality ” from my worry list .
Less than a year ago , it was the one of the biggest economic threats on the horizon , with even hard line conservative pundits grousing that wealth was flowing uphill at an alarming rate , leaving the middle class stuck with stagnating incomes while the new super - rich ascended to the heavens in their personal jets .
Then the whole top - heavy structure of American capitalism began to totter , and –poof !— inequality all but vanished from the public discourse .
A financial columnist in the Chicago Sun Times has just announced that the recession is a “ great leveler , ” serving to “ democratize [d ] the agony , ” as we all tumble into “ the Nouveau Poor … ”
The media have been pelting us with heart - wrenching stories about the neo-suffering of the Nouveau Poor , or at least the Formerly Super - rich among them : Foreclosures in Greenwich CT !
A collapsing market for cosmetic surgery !
Sales of Gulfstream jets declining !
Niemen Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue on the ropes !
We read of desperate measures , like having to cut back the personal trainer to two hours a week .
Parties have been canceled ; dinner guests have been offered , gasp , baked potatoes and chili .
The New York Times relates the story of a New Jersey teenager whose parents were forced to cut her $ 100 a week allowance and private Pilates classes .
In one of the most pathetic tales of all , New Yorker Alexandra Penney relates how she lost her life savings to Bernie Madoff and is now faced with having to lay off her three - day - a - week maid , Yolanda .
“ I wear a classic clean white shirt every day of the week .
I have about 40 white shirts .
They make me feel fresh and ready to face whatever battles I may be fighting … ” she wrote , but without Yolanda , “ How am I going to iron those shirts so I can still feel like a poor civilized person ? ”
But hard times are no more likely to abolish class inequality than Obama ’s inauguration is likely to eradicate racism .
No one actually knows yet whether inequality has increased or decreased during the last year of recession , but the historical precedents are not promising .
The economists I ’ve talked to -- like Biden ’s top economic advisor , Jared Bernstein — insist that recessions are particularly unkind to the poor and the middle class .
Canadian economist Armine Yalnizyan says , “ Income polarization always gets worse during recessions . ”
It makes sense .
If the stock market has shrunk your assets of $ 500 million to a mere $ 250 million , you may have to pass on a third or fourth vacation home .
But if you ’ve just lost an $ 8 an hour job , you ’re looking at no home at all .
Alright , I ’m a journalist and I understand how the media work .
When a millionaire cuts back on his crème fraiche and caviar consumption , you have a touching human interest story .
But pitch a story about a laid - off roofer who loses his trailer home and you ’re likely to get a big editorial yawn .
“ Poor Get Poorer ” is just not an eye - grabbing headline , even when the evidence is overwhelming .
Food stamp applications , for example , are rising toward a historic record ; calls to one DC - area hunger hotline have jumped 248 percent in the last six months , most of them from people who have never needed food aid before .
And for the first time since 1996 , there ’s been a marked upswing in the number of people seeking cash assistance from TANF ( Temporary Aid to Needy Families ) , the exsanguinated version of welfare left by welfare “ reform . ”
Too bad for them that TANF is essentially a wage - supplement program based on the assumption that the poor would always be able to find jobs , and that it pays , at most , less than half the federal poverty level .
Why do the sufferings of the poor and the downwardly - mobile class matter more than the tiny deprivations of the rich ?
Leaving aside all the soft - hearted socialist , Christian - type , arguments , it ’s because poverty and the squeeze on the middle class are a big part of what got us into this mess in the first place .
Only one thing kept the sub - rich spending in the 00’s , and hence kept the economy going , and that was debt : credit card debt , home equity loans , car loans , college loans and of course the now famously “ toxic ” subprime mortgages , which were bundled and sliced into “ securities ” and marketed to the rich as high - interest investments throughout the world .
The gross inequality of American society was n’t just unfair or aesthetically displeasing ; it created a perilously unstable situation .
Which is why any serious government attempt to get the economy going again – and I leave aside the unserious attempts like bank bailouts and other corporate welfare projects — has to start at the bottom .
Obama is promising to generate three million new jobs in “ shovel ready ” projects , and let ’s hope they ’re not all jobs for young men with strong backs .
Until those jobs kick in , and in case they leave out the elderly , the single moms and the downsized desk - workers , we ’re going to need an economic policy centered on the poor : more money for food stamps , for Medicaid , unemployment insurance , and , yes , cash assistance along the lines of what welfare once was , so that when people come tumbling down they do n’t end up six feet under .
For those who think “ welfare ” sounds too radical , we could just call it a “ right to life ” program , only one in which the objects of concern have already been born .
If that sounds politically unfeasible , consider this :
When Clinton was cutting welfare and food stamps in the 90s , the poor were still an easily marginalized group , subjected to the nastiest sorts of racial and gender stereotyping .
They were lazy , promiscuous , addicted , deadbeats , as whole choruses of conservative experts announced .
Thanks to the recession , however – and I knew there had to be a bright side – the ranks of the poor are swelling every day with failed business owners , office workers , salespeople , and long - time homeowners .
Stereotype that !
As the poor and the formerly middle class Nouveau Poor become the American majority , they will finally have the clout to get their needs met .
Taxpayers Have A Right To Know About Allegations Of Fraud Against The Government , Say Watchdog Groups
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK –
The overreaching secrecy provisions of a whistleblower law prevent the public from learning about serious allegations of fraud against the United States government , according to a complaint filed today by the American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Virginia on behalf of themselves , the Government Accountability Project ( GAP ) and OMB Watch .
Complaints filed under the False Claims Act ( FCA ) are automatically filed under seal and those who file them are gagged from speaking about them , keeping the complaints secret from the public for months or even years .
" Secret courts and secret proceedings have no place in this country , " said Chris Hansen , senior staff attorney with the ACLU First Amendment Working Group .
" There are plenty of procedures Congress or the courts could adopt to preserve the interest of privacy when it is warranted without enlisting the courts in a blanket scheme that automatically gags people who have information about possible abuse of taxpayer dollars . "
Under the FCA , originally enacted by President Lincoln to combat war profiteering and other contractor fraud against the federal government , private citizens are entitled to bring complaints of fraud on behalf of the government .
A 1986 amendment to the law requires that FCA complaints are automatically filed under seal and whistleblowers who file the complaints are gagged from speaking to anybody about them .
The seal and gag are not lifted until the Justice Department decides whether it will pursue a complaint , which can be anywhere from 60 days to several years later .
According to the Justice Department there were approximately 1,000 FCA cases under seal as of July 2007 .
According to today 's complaint , the FCA secrecy provisions have hidden an unknown number of allegations of military contractor fraud during the Iraq War from the public , raising concerns that the government may neglect to take action against certain contractors .
" Serious allegations of contractor misconduct should not be hidden from the press and the public , " said Sean Moulton , Director of Federal Information Policy at OMB Watch .
" The public deserves to know if a contactor has been accused of misusing U.S. taxpayer funds . "
The complaint also charges that the secrecy provisions can prevent the public from learning about ongoing threats to public health and safety , since alleged misconduct will remain a secret until the Justice Department takes action and the seal is lifted .
" Hopefully this lawsuit will be a wake up call for the Justice Department .
There are circumstances where a confidentiality seal is essential , but Justice has used it as a blanket gag order under threat of criminal prosecution to lock in secrecy sometimes for years .
That is defensible for cases solely concerned with financial recovery , but disastrous when a whistleblower challenges fraud that threatens health and safety , such as toxic dumping , " said Tom Devine , Legal Director of GAP .
" As a result , we must warn those whistleblowers that by filing a False Claims Act lawsuit , they may seal a cover up until it is too late to protect the public .
There is no excuse for an effective whistleblower law to degenerate into a statutory gag order .
Because Justice has abused its power , either the courts or Congress must act to put freedom of speech back in this whistleblower law . "
Today 's complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia .
Attorneys on the case are Hansen , Mark Ladov and Hina Shamsi of the ACLU and Rebecca Glenberg of the ACLU of Virginia .
The complaint is available online at : www.aclu.org/freespeech/gen/38336lgl20090115.html
My suspicion that Taking Liberties , the British Library exhibition now in its final week , would be a slightly sanitised version of the story of liberty was borne out by a visit last Tuesday .
For one thing there is no record of the nearly 30 acts and more than 50 measures that have been used by Labour to strip our stock of liberty , which is perhaps understandable given the library is staffed by civil servants .
The show draws a veil over developments after the introduction of the Human Rights
Act and implies that we have achieved a state of blissful and unequalled freedom under the current government .
I left dissatisfied but then fate , or rather the Metropolitan police , intervened to provide a living supplement to the exhibition .
Within eight paces of the entrance to Taking Liberties two officers , a man and woman , had stationed themselves inside the library and without the slightest sense of irony or trespass were stopping people to ask their names , contact details and height under terror laws .
I would have taken a photograph with my phone but that has been made illegal so I watched while a stream of utterly ordinary - looking people were questioned .
I asked one man whether this was usual in the British Library .
Yes , he said , it was well known that the police used the library as a convenient means of boosting their stop and search quotas and balancing the number of black and Asian people stopped in the street with the white people in the library .
I cannot say whether this is true but I saw nothing to disprove it while I looked through the postcards .
He added that the police favoured the library because at the entrance everyone 's bags are given a cursory search .
So the police had only to stop people , not search them , and this saved time for a pair of busy constables who were clearly in a hurry to get the names in their notebooks and move on .
The idea that this is an effective anti-terror measure is ludicrous .
It looks nothing but a complete waste of time and an insult to innocent members of the public , whether black or white , who are inconvenienced and made to feel under suspicion by a law that is apparently being abused .
That this is going on within a few feet of the Taking Liberties exhibition is a comment on our society 's strange double think about liberty and also the fecklessness of the library , which allows it to happen seemingly without complaint .
I asked the library to comment on this story but have yet to hear back .
Perhaps the press office would like to write here .
Meanwhile the board of the library should of course take this up at its next meeting on 24 March , for the library appears to being used by the police in a way that infringes its readers ' rights .
As to the exhibition , you should give it a miss unless you want to see the terror laws in action .
But I can recommend a short video clip of Lord Carlisle , formerly Alex Carlisle and now the government 's " independent " adviser on terror law , in which he suggests that it is quite reasonable to lock up people for 42 days without charge .
The finest satirist could not make up my afternoon in the BL .
Shortly before the US elections last November , then vice - presidential candidate Joe Biden was widely criticised for predicting that an Obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a " generated " international crisis , in much the way that the Soviet Union " tested " John F Kennedy shortly after he assumed office .
Biden did not point to a specific region of the world , but mentioned the Middle East , the Indian subcontinent and Russia as the likeliest sources of trouble for the new president .
Impolitic or not , Biden 's anxieties seem to have informed several of the administration 's early foreign policy decisions .
These include his own extension of an olive branch to Russia at the recent Munich security conference , and Barack Obama 's appointment of Richard Holbrooke as special envoy for Pakistan and Afghanistan – and of George Mitchell to a similar post for Israel - Palestine .
But , as pressing as the Middle East , south Asia , and Russia ( as well as Iran and North Korea ) are , another crisis far closer to home could create as much peril as a nuclear - armed Iran , an aggressively resurgent Russia , or even an Islamist - dominated Pakistan .
That crisis is located in Mexico , which is in free fall , its state institutions under threat as they have not been since at least the Cristero uprising of the late 1920s and possibly since the Mexican revolution of 1910 .
While the Obama administration is obviously aware of what is happening south of the Rio Grande , the threat simply does not command the attention that its gravity requires .
The crisis consists in nothing less than an effort by the major drug cartels to tame and suborn the Mexican state , and not just in the strip along the US border , though the epicentre of the crisis is there .
Obviously , the cartels ' leaders do not have designs on Mexico 's presidential palace .
But , through a policy of terror extending from Oaxaca in the south , through Acapulco on the Pacific coast , and up to the great border cities of Tijuana and Juarez ( Mexico 's sixth and seventh most populous cities , respectively ) , they have made it abundantly clear that they are trying to achieve impunity .
The only recent parallel in Latin America was a similar effort 15 years ago by the Colombian drug cartels .
That disguised coup failed – barely – and there is no guarantee that the result will be similar this time around in Mexico .
Journalists with long experience of war zones report being more worried about their safety in Mexico border than when they were in Bosnia , Afghanistan , or Iraq , though much of the violence is internecine .
Of the thousands who have been killed , often after being horribly tortured , many , if not most , have been members of the drug cartels and their families .
But it is the campaign of targeted assassination against any Mexican official who seems to pose a serious threat to the cartels ' operations that makes the crisis so dire .
First , in May 2007 , the cartels killed Jose Nemesio Lugo Felix , the general co-ordinator of information at the national centre for planning and analysis to combat organised crime .
Soon after , a hitman murdered Edgar Milan Gomez , Mexico 's highest ranking federal police official .
In November , 2008 , a plane carrying Juan Camilo Mourino , Mexico 's national security adviser , crashed under mysterious circumstances .
And very recently , the retired General Mauro Enrique Tello Quinones , one of the most decorated officers in the Mexican army , was abducted , tortured , and killed less than a week after assuming a new position as anti-drug chief in the resort city of Cancún .
For all the lip service paid to relations with Mexico ( and , indeed , with Latin America more generally ) from Franklin D Roosevelt to Obama , the truth is that developments in Mexico have always had short shrift from US presidents .
Illegal immigration is a major issue , to be sure , as is the drug trade .
But the US government has always regarded them as domestic American issues rather than as crucial foreign policy concerns .
It is emblematic that while Obama has received Mexican President Felipe Calderón , the White House only recently announced that one of his first foreign trips would be to Mexico .
And incoming secretary of state Hillary Clinton was asked almost nothing about Mexico at her confirmation hearing , and she emphasised relations with Mexico neither in her own statement nor in those she has made since assuming her post .
Indeed , the conventional wisdom in the US is that Mexico policy regarding illegal immigration and drugs will be the province of the new homeland security secretary , Janet Napolitano ( herself a former border state governor ) .
Meanwhile , the treasury and commerce departments will be handle trade policy concerning Nafta , the North American Free Trade Agreement .
This is the way Mexico policy has been run for decades .
And , offensive as this has been to Mexican sensibilities – and harmful to finding long - term solutions to America 's immigration dilemma – these complacent arrangements have never presented so clear and present danger as they do today .
Copyright : Project Syndicate , 2009
BOSTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Recent steps by the government including a tax incentive for first - time home buyers and a plan to stem foreclosures likely wo n't be enough to offset the credit and economic woes that are weighing on the housing market , Wall Street analysts say .
The Obama administration earlier this week announced a $ 75 billion plan to help millions of struggling borrowers stay in their homes by modifying the mortgages .
See earlier coverage .
Meanwhile , the economic stimulus package contains an $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time home buyers who purchase between Jan. 1 and Dec. 1 , 2009 -- this credit does n't have to be paid back , unlike the $ 7,500 perk available in 2008 .
Still , some analysts are warning that despite the government 's efforts and improving affordability as prices and mortgage rates fall , the housing market is unlikely to escape its doldrums this year .
J.P. Morgan home - building analyst Michael Rehaut on Thursday said several significant structural problems will continue to sap the housing industry .
" Specifically , we believe the administration 's foreclosure plan will ultimately have only a modest positive impact against the massively large and complex quagmire of troubled mortgages , " Rehaut wrote in a research note that reiterated a cautious stance on his sector .
" At the same time , we believe this year 's spring selling season will likely be another disappointment , particularly as the recent homebuyer tax credit should have a minimal effect on demand , " he said .
" Lastly , we continue to view rising unemployment and still - depressed consumer confidence as material obstacles to any recovery in housing . "
The foreclosure plan unveiled this week is designed to provide assistance to 9 million at - risk homeowners .
Although the proposal was greeted favorably by some lawmakers and bankers , skeptics expressed concern that the plan may have a difficult time getting off the ground .
See related story .
Home - builder stocks have traded lower since President Barack Obama announced the Homeowner Affordability and Stability Plan .
The plan 's goal " is to help homeowners avoid foreclosure , " investment strategist Ed Yardeni said Thursday .
" It does nothing to reduce the huge overhang of unsold new and existing homes . "
Housing starts are down a record 56 % in the past year and are down 79 % from the peak three years ago , the Commerce Department reported Wednesday .
See Economic Report .
Tax credit
The controversial stimulus package includes an $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time home buyers , although there are income restrictions .
In the earlier Senate version of the bill , the amount was $ 15,000 and included more types of buyers .
The tax credit is equal to 10 % of the price of the home , up to $ 8,000 .
The home - buyer credit is reduced for taxpayers with adjusted gross income above $ 75,000 for single filers and $ 150,000 for joint filers .
Read more on how the tax credit works .
One Wall Street analyst said the $ 8,000 tax credit " is n't all that impressive " considering how fast home prices are falling .
Nishu Sood at Deutsche Bank noted that across 41 major metro areas , median home prices have fallen by $ 58,000 from peak levels , with $ 28,000 of that coming in the second half of 2008 alone .
The housing downturn is in its third year .
" Another $ 8,000 incentive to buy a home certainly does n't hurt , but if $ 58,000 to date has n't done the trick to buoy demand will another $ 8,000 make that big of a difference ? "
Sood wondered in a report to clients .
" While the stimulus package 's changes to the home - purchase tax credit are undoubtedly an incremental positive , we feel that it is unlikely to alter the overall trajectory of the housing market in the next 12 to 18 months . "
He pointed out the credit does n't help buyers accumulate more down payment because it can be claimed only after the sale closes .
" After years of lower down payment requirements and lower savings rates during the housing boom , the ability to make an initial down payment remains a major obstacle to reigniting housing demand , " the analyst wrote .
" Also , the purchase tax credit is restricted to just first time buyers , a group likely to have less to buffer them from rising job and income losses . "
CNN probes : Did Prescott Bush steal Geronimo's skull ?
David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Tuesday February 24 , 2009
Print This Email This
While it has long been rumored that Skull and Bones , the Yale secret society which counts several scions of the Bush family as members , holds the skull of legendary Apache warrior Geronimo , his descendants have taken action to uncover the truth .
Last week , on the 100th anniversary of Geronimo 's death , 20 members of his family filed a suit in a US federal court , asking that his spirit and physical remains , including his skull , be freed .
Tuesday morning , CNN's Debra Feyerick explored the suit , discussing an 1918 letter from a bonesman , discovered two years ago , which seems to indicate Geronimo 's skull is stored within " the tomb " where members hold meetings on Yale 's campus .
The network also repeated allegations that deceased Senator Prescott Bush , father of President George H.W. Bush and grandfather to President George W. Bush , was one of the grave robbers .
" It 's been 100 years since the death of my great - grandfather in 1909 .
It 's been 100 years of imprisonment , " Geronimo 's great - grandson Harlyn Geronimo told reporters after the suit had been filed in the district court in Washington .
" The spirit is wandering until a proper burial has been performed , " Harlyn Geronimo said .
The suit , which names US President Barack Obama and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates among the defendants , seeks " to free Geronimo , his remains , funerary objects and spirit from 100 years of imprisonment at Fort Sill , Oklahoma , the Yale University campus at New Haven , Connecticut and wherever else they may be found . "
The remains would be returned to Geronimo 's wilderness birthplace in the western United States for a true Apache burial , a key facet of the native American tribe 's culture .
" The only way to put this into closure is to release the remains , his spirit , so that he can be taken back to his homeland in the Gila Mountains , at the head of the Gila River , " in what is today the state of New Mexico , Geronimo 's reported ancestor said .
" Hopefully , the people we have named in our suit will take this seriously ...
Hopefully , they will seriously consider our request to release the remains and perform a correct burial in the Gila wilderness , " said Geronimo , stressing that the burial ritual is one of the most sacred rites in the Apache culture .
In addition to Obama and Gates , the complaint cites as defendants Army Secretary Pete Geren , Yale University , and the Order of the Skull and Bones , a " secret society " at Yale .
In around 1918 , members of the Order of the Skull and Bones allegedly took Geronimo 's skull , other bones and items buried with him from the warrior 's tomb at Fort Sill .
They are believed to still hold them at the organization 's premises on the campus of Yale , a prestigious Ivy League university .
Harlyn Geronimo said he had written to George W. Bush to ask that his great - grandfather 's remains be returned to his Apache homeland for burial , but never got a reply .
Geronimo died in 1909 at nearly 90 years of age at Fort Sill .
He had been held as a prisoner of war for more than 20 years after surrendering to the US military on the understanding he would be allowed to return to his homeland and people .
" Skull and Bones , with all its ritual and macabre relics , was founded in 1832 as a new world version of secret student societies that were common in Germany at the time , " reported CBS News .
" Since then , it has chosen or ' tapped ' only 15 senior students a year who become patriarchs when they graduate -- lifetime members of the ultimate old boys ' club . "
In 2004 , both candidates for the presidency , George W. Bush and John F. Kerry , were reported to be members .
The group 's numbers " include some of the most powerful men of the 20th century , " according to CBS .
" Skull and Bones is so tiny .
That 's what makes this staggering , " Alexandra Robbins , author of " Secrets of the Tomb " -- an investigation of the secret society -- told the network news service .
" There are only 15 people a year , which means there are about 800 living members at any one time . "
" ' It 's a secret , ' John Kerry said when asked about his membership , " reported Time magazine .
" ' So secret , I ca n't say anything more , ' George W. Bush wrote in his autobiography , as if to complete Kerry 's sentence . "
" Yale says it does not have Geroimo 's remains and it does not speak for the secret society , " reported CNN .
" Man , " said American Morning co-host Kiran Chetry .
" How did Yale know that they did n't have ... "
" Yeah , " retorted CNN 's Deborah Feyerick .
" Well , there ya go .
But , they 're looking into it .
Technically , they could subpoena and see if anybody will say , yeah well , that happens to be the skull , but , unlikely . "
Wikipedia purports to feature a list of Skull and Bones members , though the article lacks key citations and could not be verified .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Feb. 24 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
MUSIC NEWS -
The rock and roll life is n't what it used to be .
Ron Wood , the 61 year old Stones ' guitarist has been warned to stop drinking or face being fired from the ROLLING STONES as the group plans an autumn 2009 US tour .
A source told Britain 's Daily Express newspaper that " all the band have to have a compulsory pre-tour medical to make sure they can get insurance . "
According to the source , " Ronnie failed his medical test for the 2002 - 2003 tour because of his drinking seven times the recommended number of alcohol units a week .
As a result he was forced to dry out at a rehab clinic in Arizona .
Mick Jagger and band are concerned that they may face the same issue with Mr Wood this time !
Back in August 2008 , Ronnie was treated for alcohol addiction at the Life Works clinic in Surrey , England , after a 10 - day drinking binge in Ireland with his 20 - year - old Russian girlfriend , Ekaterina Ivanova .
And , if he 's barred from the Stones , he will have plenty of free time as even though he was pushing for a for a Faces reunion with Rod Stewart , that reunion plan has fallen apart .
He 'd also lose out financially if he gets removed ; note that the Stones ' 2005 - 2007 Bigger Bang tour garnered $ 558,255,524 US dollars , an all - time record .
Originally Posted by yellow9 Originally Posted by
While many video games detracted us from schoolwork and homework growing up , some games were educational in some way and actually contributed to out knowledge and education .
What game did you grow up on that added to your education ?
One of my favorite games was Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego .
Not only was it a very cool game , it also taught me a lot about Geography and actually made the topic of Geography very fun .
I read all the time in newspapers how nowadays many American kids do n't care about Geography and can't find countries on the maps .
I think that games such as Carmen Sandiego can make a difference
Clean air does n't just give Americans a pleasant , smog - free view .
It 's added an average of five months to our lives .
In a study of three decades of health data from 51 U.S. cities , researchers found that people are living about three years longer than they did before .
Controlling for changes in income , education , demographics and smoking , about five months of that can be chalked up to air improvements .
" Our efforts in the past 20 years to reduce air pollution through better technology and regulation have actually worked , " said Majid Ezzati , an international health expert at the Harvard School of Public Health .
" People are living longer as a result of it . "
Along with Harvard environmental epidemiologist Douglas Dockery and Brigham Young University economist C. Arden Pope , Ezzati tracked the drop of what are known as PM2.5s — pollutant particles with a diameter of 2.5 microns , or 1/25 the diameter of a human hair .
During the 1980s and 1990s , average PM2.5 levels in the 51 cities dropped from 21 to 14 micrograms per cubic meter .
A 10μg drop , calculated the researchers , produced a seven - month increase in life expectancy .
The research was published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine
Their estimates are necessarily rough , but track with similar findings in Canada , Finland and the Netherlands , where a 10μg reduction in pollution produced life extensions of between .80 and 1.37 years .
Ezzati declined to speculate on whether the Bush administration 's approach to air pollution , criticized as being lax and industry - friendly , would reverse some of these gains .
Instead he stressed the principle at stake .
" Rather than just saying pollution is bad for health , " he said , " we can say that regulations are good for health . "
" This finding provides direct confirmation of the population health benefits of mitigating air pollution , " wrote Daniel Krewski , CEO of Risk Sciences International , in an editorial accompanying the study .
Citation : " Fine - Particulate Air Pollution and Life Expectancy in the United States . "
By C. Arden Pope III , Majid Ezzati and Douglas W. Dockery .
New England Journal of Medicine , Vol. 360 No. 4 , Jan. 21 , 2009 .
Image : Flickr / Sean McGrath
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Quote :
Originally Posted by whiskey > work / forum / post / 15508269
I am phoning from the WII forum .
We have made contact over here as well .
I have offered gifts in exchange for an alliance of some sort Click to expand ...
You can tell from that thread .. that half of them seem fun and receptive .
The other half seem just as anal as they have always been on AVS .
I appreciate the effort though , and will definitely reach out to the half that seem fun & receptive .
The more I look at my PS3 .. the more
Im like I either need to start using it or get rid of it .
Warhawk will be the first game I get for it , as the Warhawk Wednesday crew seem like my type of guys .
( Beer & Videogames )
The environmental group Together Green wants to empower kids to make a difference .
An offshoot of the Audubon Society , they ’re running the national Pennies for the Planet campaign to do just that .
[ Creative Commons photo by Mindsay Mohan ]
The campaign , first launched in 1995 , wants to “ help today ’s communities nurture tomorrow ’s environmental leaders ” by giving kids ways to get active !
This year , participants nationwide will collect change to support three national conservation projects :
Project Puffin and the Seabird Restoration Program off the Maine coast Four Holes Swamp – an ancient swamp that supports otters , owls and rare plants in South Carolina Wyoming ’s “ sagebrush sea ” – an endangered habitat for pygmy rabbits , sage - grouse and pronghorns
They provide kids with all the tools that they need to start helping , from money - raising ideas to an honor roll to reward their efforts .
They ’ve even got a Facebook group to help get those kiddos involved .
Educators can download classroom materials including a guide to the program and fun activities to encourage their classes to think about conservation .
Beyond the Pennies for the Planet campaign , Together Green ’s Action Center has tips to help folks start living more sustainably !
The Eco Personality Profile might be a fun way for parents and children to explore ways that they can take action together .
You can also check out their events section for local volunteer opportunities .
I just love when a group helps kids establish habits early on like living sustainably and volunteering !
Environmentally conscious kids grow into environmentally conscious adults .
Cheers to Together Green for encouraging children to grow up green !
While the market is intrigued by the nearly $ 1 trillion fiscal stimulus plan , a mortgage cram down bill has already passed the House .
It is amazing that it has taken this long to even get this thing going if the true premise of the politicians and policy makers was to save homeowners from losing their homes .
Of course , the money changers , the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve have been consumed trying to bailout their banker buddies without really focusing on practical applications that will work to stem foreclosures .
Banks and lenders despise cram downs .
In fact , the initial TARP bill had legislation discussing cram downs yet the lending industry lobbied hard to get it out of the bill and so it did .
Now , here we are months later talking about cram downs again yet $ 350 billion is already out the door into the pockets of banks without really doing anything to stem foreclosures .
That was the initial purpose of the TARP right ?
At this point , we can only arrive at a conclusion that our policy leaders really have no idea what they are doing .
First , we are hearing rumblings that there will be bad bank which is completely in the opposite direction of cram downs .
Why ?
We already discussed that we should get on with it and nationalize the banking industry instead of flushing money with TARP 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 as Nouriel Roubini has stated .
The reason the bad bank and cram downs are fighting for opposite goals is this :
( a) Bad bank – benefits lenders , banks , and Wall Street the most while punishing tax payers .
( b) Cram downs– benefits homeowners and punishes most lenders , banks , and Wall Street .
If you are wondering why things are so out of sync is because of things like this .
We have one bill that already passed with cram downs and with policy makers floating the bad bank notion out to see what response it gets .
Remember when the public rose up and pressured Congressional leaders in the House to vote down the initial TARP ?
The reason it was voted down is because the public read it right and saw it for what it was as a big gift to Wall Street and banks with little main street impact .
The TARP gets passed anyway and here we are with 71,400 announced job cuts in one day and the economy still collapsing for most average American families .
Before we go on , it helps to explain what a cram down is .
With new bankruptcy reform laws coming into effect in 2005 , homeowners had the choice of Chapter 7 liquidation or Chapter 13 repayment plan .
After the reforms most people are now stuck with Chapter 13 .
It is also the case that normally in Chapter 7 bankruptcy most people ( not all ) lose their home anyway so it would n’t apply here to begin with .
Chapter 13 itself is sort of like a big cram down to begin with .
The court develops normally a 3 to 5 year repayment plan based on the borrower ’s debt , income , and other factors .
Normally , the unpaid remainder is discharged after the repayment period .
Yet in Chapter 13 the borrower can actually keep his home so long as he keeps up with the new modified payment .
Of course if the payment is n’t kept up , the lender will still have the ability to foreclose but they are now getting a more realistic chance to make the payment .
Banks and lenders hate this because it forces them to realize their losses .
That is , they will have to accept a lower payment by default .
That is why banks , lenders , and Wall Street are trying to ramrod the bad bank notion so they can unload their toxic debt here and leave the bill to the taxpayer .
We witnessed a 30 year housing bubble unlike any other so we really need to pause and think very hard whether we want to absorb this amount of debt onto the taxpayers balance sheet .
Just ask yourself this , why did financial stocks rally so hard simply on the notion of a bad bank ?
Cram downs by default will force lenders to accept a lower payment structure than the one they had initially envisioned thus forcing them to recognize ( rightfully so ) losses .
Here is the thing , we are going to pay one way or another simply because that is the way things are moving .
If a major premise is keeping people in their homes , then cram downs are one of the few actually viable ways of making this work .
With $ 49 trillion in debt in our country , unfortunately we need to write some of it off but who pays the bill is the major question we will need to answer .
That is why with nationalization , we practically tie in the bad bank and cram downs all in one shot and save taxpayer money from more TARP like waste .
If we do nationalize , we should zero out the shareholders , bondholders , eliminate management , and finally start separating the good and bad from the bank .
Banks right now are simply looking out for number one and are doing everything they can to keep those toxic assets hidden until they can find a viable way to unload it to the taxpayer .
The burning of TARP capital is simply banks holding on to that hot potato .
Yet shareholders remain intact , bondholders are still intact , and management in many places is still there .
This is simply unacceptable .
The fact that we are talking about cram downs and a bad bank in the same week is preposterous .
This is like saying we want to be at peace and war at the same time .
What is more with cram downs is that it brings the home price to current market valuations .
Basically we are facing reality .
What happens is that if the value of the collateral goes down ( which it has ) then the court brings down the secured debt to the market value of the home .
The lender eats the loss as they should instead of trying to fling it on to the taxpayer .
If they cry that they would go bust because of this , then that is more reason to nationalize them .
Ultimately , we will get the same outcome but with nationalization , it will be cheaper .
Do we want a Japan like recession ( which is the path we are heading toward ) or do we want to go like Sweden that nationalized the banks for a few years while it cleaned up the mess ?
Mortgage associations and lobbyist would like to scare you that rates will skyrocket if this happens .
So what .
They should go up because they will accurately reflect the inherent risk in mortgages and this is partly why we are in this mess in the first place .
Those low teaser rates never factored in the economic calamity we are currently facing .
Now , they are worried that risk is going to be priced in .
It should be .
Yet they want to have the best of both worlds ; they want low rates subsidized by the government while off loading the risk to the bad bank .
Heads they win , tails they win .
Aside from helping homeowners , the more important aspect of cram downs is that it will bring lenders to realize the inherent risk with mortgages .
That is , you will never be able to make a $ 400,000 loan to someone making $ 46,000 a year .
They are kicking and screaming realizing that they will have to face sizable losses .
Cram downs make sense .
If we go down the bad bank path , you can rest assured we will have a lost decade like Japan while we sift through toxic assets for years and years .
Nationalize the banks and let us stop trying to pretend banks are solvent , they are not .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
State Sen. Steve Murphy , DFL - Red Wing , authored a bill ( SF 97 ) that would legalize the medical use of marijuana and the Health , Housing and Family Security Committee is slated to debate it Feb. 11 , said the committeeâÄôs administrator , Laura Blubaugh .
Only imprudent lawmakers would refuse to support this smart legislation .
If enacted into law , the bill allows patients in incapacitating pain respite from the often dangerously addictive and ineffective market painkillers like OxyContin and Vicodin .
For inane cultural and political reasons , itâÄôs much more acceptable to peddle these veritable drugs than the less lethal pot .
Indeed , according to the Drug Abuse Warning Network , a health surveillance network which monitors causes of death , in 2004 âÄî the last year in which data were available âÄî at least 58 deaths in St. Paul or Minneapolis were related to opioids while there were no marijuana - related deaths .
The bill presciently contains stringent language regulating the drug .
It severely penalizes state - regulated non-profit organizations âÄî which would be charged with administering the pot âÄî if they let the substance get into the wrong hands .
Patients who have registered with the state as a medical marijuana user would be able to obtain 2.5 ounces if that person suffers from a âÄúdebilitating medical conditionâÄ ù such as cancer , glaucoma and other explicit conditions .
Murphy proposed similar legislation last year and it passed the Senate but Gov. Tim Pawlenty indicated he would veto .
Such a move would disappoint thousands of Minnesotans in pain and can only be viewed as greedy political maneuvering .
Archaeologists of the future might be able to learn something about present - day humans by studying the facade of 34 Union Square East .
They could conclude that today ’s Homo sapiens considered copper somewhat precious .
By looking at the building , they might also be able to guess a typical person ’s height .
A half - dozen large copper panels have been stripped , from the ground up , off the two - story building , which has been vacant since a restaurant there closed in October 2007 .
Assuming that no stepladders or milk crates were used , a person about six feet tall , with arms outstretched and a forceful tug and perhaps a bit of tiptoe , was most likely the culprit .
Sheets of stained plywood are exposed up to about 10 feet high .
Above that , the panels are intact .
The stripping began in September , according to Bonnie Gold , a partner in RAB Realty , which owns the building .
And there have been thefts at the building since then .
Mounted lanterns have disappeared from the exterior , and someone broke in and looted copper pipes from the building ’s three kitchens , Ms. Gold said .
There is no simple technology solution to protect children from bullying , pornography , sexual predation and other online threats , a new study says .
The highly anticipated report -- results of a year - long study ordered by 49 state attorneys general -- found that " a combination of technologies , in concert with parental oversight , education , social services , law enforcement , and sound policies by social - network sites and service providers , may assist in addressing specific problems that minors face online , " according to a draft ...
Burger King recently introduced a Facebook app called Whopper Sacrifice that allows users to delete ten of their friends in exchange for a Whopper sandwich .
Watch the app in action .
What BK has unwittingly done here is provide a way to determine the valuation of Facebook .
Let ’s assume that the majority of Facebook ’s value comes from the connections between their users .
From Facebook ’s statistics page , we learn that the site has 150 million users and the average user has 100 friends .
Each friendship is requires the assent of both friends so really each user can , on average , only end half of their friendships .
The price of a Whopper is approximately $ 2.40 .
That means that each user ’s friendships is worth around 5 Whoppers , or $ 12 .
Do the math and :
$ 12 / user X 150 M users = $ 1.8 billion valuation for Facebook
That ’s considerably less than the $ 15 billion valuation assigned to Facebook when Microsoft invested in the company in October 2007 and the lower valuations being tossed about in recent months .
P.S. Other assumptions for the sake of argument : every user is eligible for the Whopper promotion ( it ’s actually only valid in the US ) , you can sell all of your friends for multiple burgers ( actually limit one per customer ) , and the “ average user has 100 friends ” means that Facebook users average 100 friends apiece ( no idea what the reality is …if they ’re using the median instead of the mean then that number could be higher or lower ) .
Oh , and it ’s also assumed that no one should take this too seriously .
Update : I ’m getting some email saying that Facebook friendships require the assent of both parties .
Is that the way it works for the BK thing ?
If I am friends with Mary and I unfriend her through the Whopper Sacrifice app , is she then unable to unfriend me to help get her burger ?
If so , then the $ 3.6 billion valuation drops to $ 1.8 billion because each unfriending event takes care of 2 friend connections , not just one .
Anyone ?
Note : we are already taking this too seriously !
Update :
Ok , it looks like unfriending on Facebook takes out two friendship connections , not just one .
So that drops each user ’s share to $ 12 and the valuation to $ 1.8 billion .
D. Final answer , Regis . ( thx , everyone )
Bernard L. Madoff was once the chairman of the NASDAQ stock exchange .
He was one of the most important market makers on Wall Street .
And he managed what was , by some estimates , the largest hedge fund on the planet .
Yes , Bernard Madoff was an impressive man .
That much was clear even before we learned that his $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme may have been orchestrated in cahoots with the most powerful , sophisticated , and indiscriminately murderous organized crime syndicate the world has ever known .
Charles Gasparino ( citing “ speculation ” from investigators ) reported last week on CNBC that the Russian Mafia might have been partners in Madoff ’s larcenous fund business .
Or perhaps the Mob had an even greater interest in Madoff ’s market making operation , as some of our sources have told us in recent weeks .
Either way , there is a certain cachet .
But it was n’t just pierogies and pistol - packing wiseguys in purple suits .
Mr. Madoff was also a dedicated public servant , volunteering countless hours at the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Indeed , Madoff seems to have helped write some of the SEC ’s rules .
For example , Madoff had a good deal of input an SEC rule that exempted market makers ( i.e. Madoff ) from various regulations governing short sellers ( i.e. Madoff ’s friends ) .
Madoff ’s rule ensured that market makers ( Madoff ) could , among other things , engage in so - called “ naked short selling . ”
To sell “ naked ” is to sell stock that one does not actually possess .
That is “ phantom stock , ” according to the SEC Chairman and many others .
Sometimes , short sellers ( who profit when shares lose value ) offload massive amounts of phantom stock to drive down prices , destroy pubic companies , or even crash the market .
That is why there used to be restrictions .
Madoff also obtained an exemption allowing market makers to sell short on a down tick , which made it easier for unscrupulous hedge funds to drive down stock prices .
At any rate , I do n’t think Madoff had an office at the SEC .
He certainly was not employed there .
But the SEC was glad to have Madoff write a rule exempting Madoff from the rules .
The SEC was so thankful that it named one of its rules after the great man himself .
The rule allowing market markers to sell on the downtick was called , “ The Madoff Exception . ”
After Madoff helped writet the rule , market makers ( e.g. , Madoff ) proceeded to “ rent ” their exemptions to hedge funds ( i.e. friends - of - Madoff ) .
It remained against the law for hedge funds to sell phantom stock to manipulate the markets .
It was also against the law for market makers to help hedge funds orchestrate such schemes .
But under the Madoff regulatory regime , unscrupulous short sellers ( i.e. friends - of - Madoff ) could engage in this illegal activity so long as they did so with the illegal connivance of a law - breaking market maker ( i.e. Madoff ) .
A few months ago , this naked short selling was implicated –by numerous academics , the U.S. Chamber of Chamber of Commerce , the Secretary of the Treasury , the CEOs of Wall Street ’s biggest banks , respected law firms , John McCain , Hillary Clinton , and numerous congressmen – in the near total collapse of the American financial system .
The SEC has not prosecuted anybody for this .
After all , there is an “ exception . ”
It is unclear whether the SEC will continue to name this “ exception ” after a man who might have absconded with 50 billion dollars ( a sum that exceeds the gross domestic product of Pakistan ) in league with the Russian Mob , an organization that is said to be in the market for a nuclear bomb – in addition to narcotics , sex slaves and , yes , phantom stock .
In any case , the major news organizations seem to have lost interest .
* * * * * * * *
Mark Mitchell is a reporter for DeepCapture.com .
He previously worked as an editorial page writer for The Wall Street Journal in Europe , chief business correspondent for Time magazine in Asia , and as an assistant managing editor responsible for the Columbia Journalism Review ’s online critique of business journalism .
He holds an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University .
If this article concerns you , and you wish to help , then :
1 ) email it to a dozen friends ;
2 ) go here for additional suggestions : “ So You Say You Want a Revolution ? “
I 'm pleased to announce updates to the zlib and bzlib packages .
The releases are on Hackage :
What 's new
What 's new in these releases is that the extended API is slightly nicer .
The simple API that most packages use is unchanged .
In particular , these functions have different types :
compressWith :: CompressParams -> ByteString -> ByteString decompressWith :: DecompressParams -> ByteString -> ByteString
The CompressParams and DecompressParams types are records of compression / decompression parameters .
The functions are used like so :
compressWith defaultCompressParams { ... } decompressWith defaultDecompressParams { ... }
There is also a new parameter to control the size of the first output buffer .
This lets applications save memory when they happen to have a good estimate of the output size ( some apps like darcs know this exactly ) .
By getting a good estimate and ( de ) compressing into a single - chunk lazy bytestring this lets apps convert to a strict bytestring with no extra copying cost .
Future directions
The simple API is very unlikely to change .
The current error handling for decompression is not ideal .
It just throws exceptions for failures like bad format or unexpected end of stream .
This is a tricky area because error streaming behaviour does not mix easily with error handling .
On option which I use in the iconv library is to have a data type describe the real error conditions , something like :
data DataStream = Chunk Strict .
ByteString Checksum DataStream | Error Error -- for some suitable error type | End Checksum
With suitable fold functions and functions to convert to a lazy ByteString .
Then people who care about error handling and streaming behaviour can use that type directly .
For example it should be trivial to convert to an iterator style .
People have also asked for a continuation style api to give more control over dynamic behaviour like flushing the compression state ( eg in a http server ) .
Unfortunately this does not look easy .
The zlib state is mutable and while this can be hidden in a lazy list , it can not be hidden if we provide access to intermediate continuations .
That is because those continuations can be re-run whereas a lazy list evaluates each element at most once ( and with suitable internal locking this is even true for SMP ) .
Background
The zlib and bzlib packages provide functions for compression and decompression in the gzip , zlib and bzip2 formats .
Both provide pure functions on streams of data represented by lazy ByteStrings :
compress , decompress :: ByteString -> ByteString
This makes it easy to use either in memory or with disk or network IO .
For example a simple gzip compression program is just :
import qualified Data .
ByteString .
Lazy as BS import qualified Codec.Compression .
GZip as GZip main = BS.
interact GZip.compress
Or you could lazily read in and decompress . gz file using :
content <- GZip.decompress <$> BS.readFile file
General
Both packages are bindings to the corresponding C libs , so they depend on those external C libraries ( except on Windows where we build a bundled copy of the C lib source code ) .
The compression speed is as you would expect since it's the C lib that is doing all the work .
The zlib package is used in cabal - install to work with .tar. gz files .
So it has actually been tested on Windows .
It works with all versions of ghc since 6.4 ( though it requires Cabal - 1.2 ) .
The darcs repos for the development versions live on code .
haskell.org :
darcs get http://code.haskell.org/zlib
darcs get http://code.haskell.org/bzlib
I 'm very happy to get feedback on the API , the documentation or of course any bug reports .
Hi , we have packaged PHP 5.3.0 bet a1 .
Source tarballs can be found at http://downloads.php.net/johannes/php-5.3.0beta1.tar.bz2 ac16e56bf6a4b37ff35d9bc061063a9
http://downloads.php.net/johannes/php-5.3.0beta1.tar.gz
71c6c06087cfa9c38567b050d00 bcabf
Windows binary builds on http://windows.php.net/qa/
Please test it carefully , and report any bugs in the bug system , but only if you have a short reproducable test case .
The biggest change is dropping of OO functionality in closures as full OO support for closures is planed for a later release than PHP 5.3.0 .
See http://wiki.php.net/rfc/closures/removal-of-this
This release marks the begin of a feature freeze and bug fix only phase .
If in doubt whether your change is a bugfix please run it by Lukas and me .
Developers please go through the bug database we have tons of open bugs .
Additionally we have quite a bunch tests failing on non-Linux systems .
Please check whether that are real bugs or system defendant tests .
Users :
Now it 's certainly the time to check your applications and help us to identify problems before stable release is done !
Lukas and Johannes
We here at the Law Blog usually go in for traditional medicine , though we 've really no reason to doubt the healing powers of elephant teeth , monkey hands , gecko , antelope horn , seahorses and even snake gall .
This Asian elephant tooth is one of the more than 5,000 piece of illegally smuggled wildlife seized as part of this investigation .
Credit : U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service
Whether animal parts such as these are legal to import and sell in the U.S. is another question .
That was the lesson learned recently by Pa Lor , a Laotian - American woman who became a shaman before moving to Minnesota .
In 2005 , authorities nabbed Lor ...
ALAN WATT BLURB ( i.e. Educational Talk ) :
" YOUR THOUGHTS ARE NOT YOUR OWN
THEY'RE JUST A- PASSIN ' THROUGH -
IT'S THE ELITE'S NEW SCIENCE ,
ELECTRONIC VOODOO "
May 18 , 2007
Dialogue Copyrighted Alan Watt – May 18 , 2007 ( Exempting Music and Literary Quotes )
WWW .
CUTTINGTHROUGHTHEMATRIX.COM
www.alanwattsentientsentinel.eu
Hi folks .
I'm Alan Watt and this is cuttingthroughthematrix.com and alanwattsentientsentinel.eu .
This is May 18 , 2007 .
Tonight , I 'm going to go into a complicated field of political control , which is based on very high modern weaponry .
This weaponry has been around for a while , actually , and been tried and tested .
They know that it works , at the top , developed by the military industrial complex , used on large areas of populations , where the effects were really backed through government agencies through doctors offices , social work departments , police , ambulance , so many services , which gave the data on human behavior , as it changed .
Types of pulsed energy were released in directed areas , over populations , using different frequencies to see what the different mental effects would be on those peoples .
Old stuff really , which was used , at least on a smaller scale , back in the 1950 ’s , by some of the departments within the CIA and MI6 , who already had micro-circuitry before the public even heard of a transistor for the old circuit boards .
They had portable ones , back then .
Zbigniew Brzezinski wrote about some of this briefly , at least touched on it , in a book called " Between Two Ages , " in the section entitled " The Technetronic Era . "
Technetronics was the term he used .
It has other names , as well - " Biotronics , " and others , beyond that .
Various branches of sciences coming together , medicine , electronics , specialized weapons companies and computers to bring all this into fruition on a larger scale ; a more predictable scale , predictable outcome .
It was based on what the elite saw as a need to control a world population .
Control them down to their moods and behavior , and even the ability to give them thoughts , directly into their minds , which the person ( the subject ) would n't be aware it was coming from elsewhere .
They 'd simply follow what they thought were their own thoughts .
The simplest method was to put over a secondary wave onto a carrier wave of electromagnetic radiation , especially in ELF ( Extremely Low Frequency ) .
It 's the low frequencies that affect human behavior the most , because every cell in our body has its own electrical frequency of vibration .
This was known , over 100 years ago .
All the various nutrients you pick up are picked up , are used by certain and different cells in the body , according to the frequency .
We need a frequency match .
One is absorbed into the other .
They both vibrate at the same time .
These are old , old theories , going back through holy books , even , and written about by the Greek philosophers , who often mention Pythagoras and the whole art of sympathetic vibration .
This is where a stringed instrument , placed across the room from another stringed instrument , tuned at the same keys or pitch , and when that pitch was struck on one , it would eventually cause the other to vibrate the sound .
This is very similar to this particular science .
When the human body is ill in some way , the frequencies do n't match .
Nutrients are not taken up .
That kind of thing , and therefore , by stimulation of the correct frequencies , they can hope to heal or get over the problem , and get the cells reprogrammed , in a sense .
This is what 's pushed as they push this kind of technology forward .
They always tell you all the health benefits and how wonderful it will be .
Remember , they were first created by the military - industrial complex for a system and a hierarchy , which wants to depopulate the planet and ultimately control 100 percent of everyone , 100 percent of the time .
There are also charlatans put out there , who get in on the know of this technology and start shouting about " good vibrations , " and using the New Age to mislead them into it and actually wanting it to happen .
The tremendous psychological programs , underway , always guide the public into mysticism , which is a great way to disable their minds from rational thought .
The human body responds to very small energies , so that little power is needed to operate this kind of high technology .
Brzezinski said himself , and to paraphrase basically , shortly this technology will be used on whole populations without their being aware of it .
Without their knowing their thoughts were not theirs or their ideas , and that which they were compelled to do , were not theirs .
They would simply obey and be oblivious to it .
It 's very easy to make them placid , happy , excited or angry , depending on the frequency used .
In " New World Vistas , " which is a report by the United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board , it says :
" Air and Space Power for the 21st Century , Summary Volume , 1996 , pages 89 - 90 . "
It stated right here :
" One can envision the development of electromagnetic energy sources , the output of which can be pulsed , shaped , and focused , that can couple with the human body in a fashion that will allow one to prevent voluntary muscle movements , control emotions ( and thus actions ) , produce sleep , transmit suggestions , interfere with both short - term and long - term memory "
Alan : Sounds familiar , eh ?
" produce an experience set , and delete an experience set . "
Alan :
They 're talking about deleting memory engrams , or inserting them .
This is not only possible ; it 's here .
Part of the manipulation of the weather and the spraying of the skies is to do with this , also .
They 're using this HAARP technology type equipment in conjunction with metallic particles , to make the atmosphere more conducive , as an electromagnetic circuit directly to the targets .
People all over the world , a lot of people , talk to me by phone , and I 'll find on certain days everyone is tired , and certain days everyone has got thought blocking , where they can't remember simple things .
They 'll be making a statement , and they forget what they 're talking about .
That ’ll happen , one after the other .
The equipment is being used .
And from an elite ’s point of view , since the war is on the populations of the entire planet , as they bring us through the greatest changes , perhaps in history – the complete reorganisation of the planet and everything in it – you would use every weapon in your arsenal to make it so .
In the Spring of 1998 , an edition of " Parameters " U.S. Army War College quarterly magazine they put an article out by Timothy L. Thomas called " The Mind Has No Firewall " .
It went on to explain what people could experience in the very near future .
It says :
" A recent Russian military article offered a slightly different slant to the problem , declaring that " humanity stands on the brink of a psychotronic war " with the mind and body as the focus .
That article discussed Russian and international attempts to control the psycho-physical condition of man and his decision making processes by the use of VHF - generators "
Alan : That 's Very High Frequency generators .
" noiseless cassettes , "
Alan : " Noiseless cassettes , " as they call it .
" and other technologies . "
Alan :
This was meant to influence human behavior , and human health , too .
In other words , they could attack it .
It 's easier to attack the human body than to help it , at least for those at the top .
In that article from the Army War College , it continues to describe the aims of these weapons , and say that they can confuse or destroy the signals , which are going on inside your body that keep you alive and functioning properly .
They put it down to " information warfare . "
Who would have thought that " information warfare " would actually also mean it's the information passed by minute electric currents , in your own body , from molecules to subatomic molecules almost , to keep you healthy ?
That 's what they 've been working on , destroying or / and controlling .
They can also put a voice right into your head .
They can do it now , by using , as it was proven in Finland , by using and targeting a specific individual if they 're in reach of a cell phone tower , because they can narrow the beam to such a small frequency .
They can target you as you drive past , from miles away .
To continue with " The Mind Has No Firewall , " it goes on to say :
" The body is capable not only of being deceived , manipulated , or misinformed , but also shut down or destroyed -- just as any other data - processing system .
The " data " the body receives from external sources -- such as electromagnetic , vortex , or acoustic energy waves -- or creates through its own electrical or chemical stimuli can be manipulated or changed just as the data ( information ) in any hardware system can be altered . "
Alan :
This is all to be used on humans .
What they will talk about and prattle on about , is how they could confuse you or over stimulate you so that you would make misjudgments , and they could also effect your motor activity , psychomotor activity , your walking .
They could immobilize you .
These are weapons , which can be used at certain frequencies and energy strengths to either immobilize or kill .
It 's the old Star Trek stuff .
If you think the Star Trek authors had great imaginations or used crystal balls , think again , because that was predictive programming .
Gene Roddenberry was a member of NASA .
He sat in on their meetings , and he knew about these sciences .
They knew where they were going .
A good article to read , also , was put out in " The Economist " .
That was May 2002 .
The headline was " The Future of Mind Control . "
It ’s well worth reading .
They do put it out there , as though they were objects to be used .
We guzzle our information or entertainment or sports , and all of the other rubbish they give us , to keep us occupied , thinking , " we know what they 're saying , but we do n't believe them .
They 'd never do that to us . "
We ’ve been conditioned to believe that somehow those in higher authorities are “ special people , " more altruistic than even we are , when the opposite is true .
The psychopaths climb to the top , and they will do what you would think of as being " the unthinkable . "
They have no problems doing that .
That 's why they get away with it .
Some years ago , a booklet appeared out of no -where , which was called " Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars . "
Whoever did write it - whether it was for a joke or a spoof or information , coupled perhaps with disinformation , or perhaps someone from inside trying to get something out anonymously - the documents certainly did contain information on what the U.S. Military , and other militaries across the world , were working on , with advanced technologies .
What has been verified since , through different publications , little snippets coming out in magazines and newspapers over the years , is that great huge panels , international bodies of scientists , along with foundations that work alongside them , which again and is pyramidal and it truly is a pyramid structure .
They ’re all predicting the future , what they see coming along the road and how society will alter and adapt , or not adapt , to the changes , because the premise is , we must always adapt , man being the most adaptable species on the planet , supposedly .
We certainly do ; we adapt to the technology that is presented to us .
We adapt very quickly , especially when it 's promoted to us and it becomes even a method for almost survival , in a system such as the electronic age , where computers are almost a necessity .
They have to be a necessity , not for long term full goal , but as a part term project to get us used to being " all hooked up , " basically , before we go towards the next step of virtual reality .
Then it will be very simple to accept a chip in your head .
We ’re being trained to accept , step - by - step , the end product , which is already designed .
Everything along the way is just another mouse - trap to get us further along into the big mouse - trap , the goal .
In the last '90s , I was working under a truck , in the summer , when I saw something -- and it was a really beautiful sunny day .
It was like a strobe effect that you see in a nightclub or somewhere , or on stage , and I thought , “ boy , I 've been under this truck too long , ” so I got out stood up , and I felt fine .
It was still going on .
It seemed to be all around .
I went into the house , turned on immediately a radio , and I got along with the strobe that I could see , I heard this crackling on the radio .
There was a powerful signal coming through the spectrum of radio frequencies , into the visual arena .
I turned on the television , which was also hooked up to an external antenna , and sure enough that also synced with a flash across the screen , with every crack on the radio , which synchronized with the flashes I could see .
This went on for 20 minutes or so , and I talked about it in later shows .
What I found that night was , a few people phoned me from different parts of the States and Canada , and I knew they had something to tell me and I had to almost pry out of them what they had experienced , and they had experienced the same thing .
They 'd seen the strobe .
Some of them or described it as though they 'd walked out the door and someone was flashing a camera - those multiple flashes that you can have on the modern cameras - at their face .
Another person was lying on his bed , with the window next to him , and the whole room seemed to flash , as a strobe would do .
I realized there was a huge test going on .
No , it was n't supernatural ; unless you understand that supernatural is simply beyond the knowledge the public are given .
MAGIC IS SIMPLY SCIENCE WHICH IS NOT EXPLAINED YET TO THE PUBLIC .
They have these particular weapons , and they 've had them for years .
However , to have hooked up all of this , it had to be arrayed by satellite , I 'd imagine , to cover such a vast area .
That can be done in coordination with HAARP - type technology , which bounces and concentrates on the ionosphere , and bounces down to targeted areas .
The HAARP - type technologies exist in different countries , and they can act in sequence and cover a whole continent , if need be .
They can also do that with the Star Wars technology , with batteries of satellites hooked together , electronically .
This is actually called " photic driving " in the higher military establishments .
What they 'd use is a visible light , pulsed , and the frequencies will affect the brain and parts of the brain .
Some people within a certain range will have epileptic seizures .
Even watching a television , with some people , the flicker rate will put them into seizures .
There was a big test that went on in Japan , a few years ago , with one of the games for children .
When it was released , or it was shown on television , hundreds of children across the country , and it got to a thousand , suddenly went down with seizures .
However , it can be done remotely , also .
In 1987 , out from the Attorney General 's Conference on " Less - Than - Lethal Weapons " put out by Sheri Sweetman this appeared in the document :
" There is some evidence and a good deal of supposition that sustained extremely low frequency ELF radiation can produce nausea or disorientation .
One researcher has subjected animals to ELF ( electromagnetic radiation ) through electrode implants and feels that similar results could be produced from afar without electrodes .
One participant suggested that ideally , one might like to develop the ability to design these electromagnetic fields for specialized use , for instance , to produce sleep or confusion .
It is known that sleep can be induced by electrodes in the brain , and Russian scientists claim to be able to produce sleep from afar . "
Alan :
They now call that " electro sleep . "
This is published , you see , this sort of documentation .
This is still low level , because whatever is published is lower level , still almost within security reach .
In the higher levels , everything is always top secret .
They 're always way ahead of whatever is published , and you can be sure that in 1987 they 'd already tried this on human participants , whether they knew it or not .
They always test on the public .
In the " Microwave News , May / June issue 1988 , this appeared .
" The " US Army has its Own Product - a Radio Frequency Weapon .
In August 24 , 1987 issue of " Defense News , " John Rosado of Harry Diamond Labs in Adelphia , Maryland is quoted as saying that the nature of warfare will be completely changed by the use of RF weapons .
Rosado also noted that RF radiation could be used over a wide battlefields with phased arrays . "
Alan :
If you 've ever seen the aerial photographs of the Alaska HAARP facility ( which is only one of many ) , those antennas are arranged in such a way it 's called " phased array " - each one amplifies the other .
They work in a sequence and amplify each other .
It ’s kind of like putting whole bunches of batteries together to get a brighter , stronger current .
Now the future they envisage - they plan the future , you see , at the top .
They do n't sit and wait for things to happen .
Think tanks and people who are paid multi- thousands of dollars a year ( maybe millions , some of them ) , have to come up with what they see and forecast for the future , the way things are going , and where they elite themselves wish to go .
We know by the constant drumbeat for over a hundred years in all the books that have been churned out from the top , they want to reduce the population in a post - industrial era to a manageable level - manageable for them .
They want a more efficient workforce , a new type of workforce .
That ’s the reason for the tremendous drive towards genetic engineering .
It 's not to help infertile women or men ; it 's to create new types of humans .
The old man , you might say , at the bottom , is obsolete .
His time is over , according to the big boys .
The road , really since the end of the industrial age , to where they 're going , is the fallout phase where the old system goes and the work is gone .
All the factory workers can't suddenly go in and learn computers and be geniuses , especially when you do n't need so many people on modern computers working them .
One operator can now do the work of many that used to be employed , even in the computer field 20 or 30 years ago .
Therefore , what do you do with the surplus population who are consuming your world ?
They 're consuming it , you see .
What do you do ?
Well , you cull the population .
How do you cull it gradually ?
There are many ways to do it , and of course , the easiest way is to make them infertile and wait as they start all dying off eventually , and eventually the last ones go , over an 80 - year period .
Or , you 're always planning the future to get them into habitat areas first , or during the process , where you can manage them more easily and control them .
There will be riots eventually , according to the Ministry of Defense from Britain and the article from " The Guardian " a few weeks ago , what they perceive for the future .
They see mayhem and chaos in the Western Hemisphere and spontaneous riots , et cetera .
Well , what would cause Joe Six Pack and Jane Soap Opera to suddenly revolt or protest or whatever ?
It 's because BIG CHANGES ARE COMING , and the lifestyle they 're used to is to be gradually taken away , maybe not so gradually , in fact .
People think they 'd never do that .
They need the money for the oil .
They 've got to keep gasoline going .
They need cars .
If you believe that , you 've swallowed the old story that there 's actually competition at the top .
You have to go into the history to find out how corporations started .
Corporations and international corporations began publicly , at least in Britain , with the British East India Company , which really was an arm of government at the same time .
Some of the largest companies in the U.S. in the fields of technology are actually CIA owned .
You do n't allow competition at the top .
If you did allow competition at the top , you 'd lose control of the direction you wished to take society , if your competitor came out with some kind of computer that could outpace anything that you produced , and run on an easy program , and was vastly superior .
That 's why they pick their favorites , their front men , like Bill Gates .
The CIA decided long ago they needed one system for the world and all the doors opened for Bill Gates .
He walks through door after door after door , and you think it 's because of hard work and free enterprise and all that .
That 's nonsense .
You do n't lose control of power by allowing competition .
You 'll find the same thing with the big companies that run the ID cards , and the companies that are going with the Digital Angel chip implant .
They 're all owned by the " supra - government " at the top , and they have access to the advanced technology because their department , which is the military - industrial - complex , is all part of it .
They know advanced sciences , but they do n't allow competition .
That 's the illusion that the public must believe in ; that everything is separate and we 're just evolving .
Years ago , when the projected the future that they would bring to be , they began preparing for it at all western government levels , high levels .
Cameras started to go in , not just a few here and there , but masses of them .
We saw the integration of military technology , advanced technology , and the military industry combining with police forces worldwide .
The military establishments sign the United Nations treaties not to use this kind of technology on other countries , or signatory countries , which means anyone who ’s not in that is fair game .
However , for everything that they 've banned from use against each other , there 's a loophole where they 're allowed to use it on their own people .
That loophole is not there by accident .
That 's why western countries still must use full metal jacket bullets , which rip through a person but do n't expand so much like a hollow point would do , which causes massive hemorrhaging and shock - impact shock and damage .
However , they 're allowed to use the hollow points on their own peoples at home .
The same goes for these technologies , the so - called " lethal to non-lethal weapons . "
In the old Star Trek series , people thought , “ Oh , they 're so far ahead with their phaser guns , and stun and stun longer , and kill settings , ” and you see this is all this technology here I 'm talking about today .
They did n't have great imaginations at all .
The writers of those series were in with the high military establishments , giving you predictive programming to accept the stuff that would come down the road , right down to the silly term " non-lethal , " which makes you say , " Well , if your cops have it , it 's not that bad .
It ’s non-lethal . "
Yes it can kill you , all right , and they knew this from the beginning .
They call this " dual use technology " .
Dual use is for military and for crowd or people control , public control .
In 1994 , the " Department of Defense Directive Policy for Non-Lethal Weapons " from Office of Assistant Secretary of Defense draft ( July 21 , 1994 ) had this in it .
" The term " adversary " is used above "
Alan :
This is part of this whole thing .
" in its broadest sense , including those who are not declared enemies but who are engaged in activities we wish to stop . "
Alan :
They ’re talking about whom it can be used on .
They ’re not declared enemies , but who are engaged in activities “ we wish to stop . ”
" This policy does not preclude legally authorized domestic use of non-lethal weapons by U.S. military forces in support of law enforcement . "
Alan :
That part is very important .
They were projecting scenarios of the coming future back in ' 94 , where the military would be working with high - tech weaponry , alongside domestic police .
It could be used on people who " THEY DECLARE " are engaged in activities they wish to stop .
Speaking out about something would come under that category , an activity they wish to stop .
They could n’t get you legally on something or declare you an enemy – at least not publicly , on a security level they might – but they can use it on you if you ’re just in the way or you ’re being a nuisance .
You could be a " speech criminal " or a " thought criminal , " and this could be used on you , and you would n't know it .
You ’d just come down with strange illnesses or you go crazy .
You ’d hear voices all day and night in your head , or you 'd have physical aliments and you 'd suddenly be anemic .
A vast array of things could be caused as your biochemistry goes haywire , or your brain simply goes off in billions of directions , as though you were on hallucinogenic drugs .
It could permanently disable you , physically , or mentally , or both .
These things are not discussed in this way , this format , unless they ’re intended to be used in scenarios that are projected .
They 're projected because they understand the agenda – the future that 's being brought upon us .
It ’s here .
These reports go on to add that the term " non-lethal " does n’t necessarily mean that it wo n't be deadly .
It 's kind of double - speak , Orwellian , and they put it down as " collateral damage " if it actually kills people .
“ Collateral , ” you see , you 're a unit of production for labor or tax .
For those people who wish to know more , they can really research into what 's been allowed out into the public realm through little pieces here and there .
There are books out there on the subject .
The problem is most of the people who come out with the books are members of the United Nations , and they 're object really is to get the United Nations to get more power over all of this , which is exactly what the big boys want , since the UN fronts for them in the first place .
It was set - up to be global government but the government will serve a master , as all governments have in the past .
It 's a complex world , and what a tangled web they weave .
The heroes on all fronts are always given to us , especially if they become tremendously famous , or they have an awful lot of money backing them .
I 've been on many shows , as you know .
The popular ones have been on the go for years , some of them , and the hosts know that I do n't necessarily go along with the format or the take on things as they 're happening , or even go along with the products that are sold , which are tremendously fear - based products for all possible catastrophes .
I know many people , over the years , who ’ve bought into all of this .
They 've bought all this stuff they were supposed to have for every possible and impending disaster , and they 're living in fear with all this junk that they 'll never use , and stacks and stacks and hoards of stuff to get them through years , if necessary , of hardship .
It never dawns on them that the kinds of catastrophes they 're looking at are probably not the ones that will happen .
The ones that can be brought on , judging from the big boys themselves , they want us all to start moving towards the cities and that will be done through the power of the purse mainly , as they increase gasoline and start upping taxes in rural areas .
Then all the UN inspectors come in , which they 're already doing through treaties in all the countries , to inspect your water , your septic , your building codes , yada ya , until you can't comply anymore , you 're bankrupt .
You move into the cities , so you can't take all that stuff you 're buying with you .
Another scenario that they give you , which they can do , are floods and earthquakes et cetera .
You can't cart all that stuff out , tons of stuff you 've saved up , out with you .
There are other people who are terrified of dying , by any method , whether it 's old age or anything else .
There are some people out there who live on capsules from health stores , and powders and mixes .
They 're not living ; really , they 're emaciated and very ill .
They listen to every single show that 's out there with every possible cure there is , and there 's a new cure every week , and they 're always terribly expensive .
I also talked to many of the people who have tried the whole thing , or mortgaged their homes to buy all this stuff , and try to cure loved ones , who are dying .
You have to use your common sense , with everything around you , because we live in a world of commerce where money rules .
If you do n't have money you ’re terrified of all the things , all the negative things which happen .
You can't just pitch a tent somewhere .
You 'll be kicked off it by some forest ranger , or in Canada or other countries of the Commonwealth , the Crown Agents will do it , kick you off the land .
You can't go out there and live like a wild man , at least not within the general range of where you are right now .
You ’re forced into a system that uses nothing but money .
Whatever they want to use for money , it does n't matter .
It really does n't matter .
When you buy any other type of commodity , you 're looking at barter - if times got rough .
Gold and silver are always pushed as the alternative .
What does it matter ?
You see , if I have a loaf of bread and you have a gold sovereign , I 'll tell you how much the gold is worth : it 's whatever I say I want for that loaf of bread .
That 's the reality of it .
People should always be prepared for the smaller emergencies , with enough dried food to get them through any bad weather , since they 're bringing the bad weather on .
It 's all under the Air Force 's control now , and as they 've admitted themselves , in a newspaper article a few years ago , when the closest they came to an admission was to say they 'd shortly own the weather .
Well they do own it , you see , now .
Anyone who looks up and sees the skies being sprayed will know that for themselves , they can see it everyday .
People with the bronchial problems , the new normal now is for adults to suddenly get allergies or asthma .
Never had it in their lives before now they suddenly get it - the new normal .
That 's what they teach the next medical bunch coming out of universities ; it ’s the new normal .
They wo n't know the previous normal , you see .
That 's not even under their control .
They do n't know .
It 's quite easy to control people when you make up the curriculums for every intake and output .
They do n't know any better .
They do n't their sciences history or the previous generation ’s history within the same field .
They 're easily misled .
Just as now it 's normal for 1 in 2 to have cancer , and that 's what they 're taught in medical school .
They ’re not taught that it was n’t always this way .
In ancient times , much was written about tyrants .
“ Tyrants ” really did n't have the connotations it does today , because the people lived under the same kind of rule , really no matter what they called their form of government .
A tyrant was just a dictator with all powers , which is no different from a bunch at the top all working towards the same agenda .
Then you had autocracies and aristocracies and even theocracies ; it does n't matter if it ’s a group or one person .
They simply called this one person , the one with full power over the public , a tyrant .
His word was law .
He went back what he said that day , that was law that day , and if he changed his mind the next day that was now law .
Whereas , the formal types of governments they introduced gave as a semblance of rules of law , which supposedly they would n’t change , except in emergency .
Then , in came the dictator and it was always under the guise of keeping safety and security going .
You can't have both , you see , you either have one or the other .
Therefore , the greatest trick with all tyrants was to create riots or terrorism , blame the public or blame terrorists within the public realm , even when they paid the army to do it , and then say they ’d take your freedoms away , for security reasons .
It 's still used today , has n’t changed .
For those who wish to look further into the technologies of mind control , you can do your own searches .
There 's a lot of little snippets being given out , over the years .
One of the spiels about it was given through a magazine called " The Economist " - May issue , 2002 .
It was on the front page .
It was called " The Future of Mind Control . "
It should be understood that there are many of these facilities worldwide .
Some are the ones that the public have been given information about , such as the one in Alaska owned by the U.S. ; the other two owned by the U.S. ; one is in Norway , one is in Greenland .
I believe they have another one in Australia and no doubt many more .
I believe they also have portable ones .
I 've seen some set -ups , odd setups , set up in fields in the past , definitely military type trailers with all kinds of strange arrays on top of them , so they can move them around .
This is all to do with ultimate control - ultimate control of the entire planet .
The trick for a long , long time has been to use " patriotism " and " nationalism " to further their research and development , and to gather the taxes into the development of these weapons .
And yet all along , there are so many branches of the covert agencies , which are often isolated from each other .
It 's like a pyramid structure , and the ones at the top serve the establishment .
The establishment has always been there - the dominant minority .
The ones who hide behind nationalism and patriotism control the finances , own the wealth , and they are internationalists and always were internationalists .
These are the people who own the biggest shares of all the international companies .
These are the people who own , and are going for the last vestiges of natural resources worldwide .
It 's not a new story .
It 's an old story .
We can see that down through the ages , through the kings and queens of Europe , since the Norman invasion came into Europe and the subsequent wars between themselves , as the different psychopathic families seemed to vie for power .
Often , England was owned by the same king that owned France and England , and often it would be the other way , the King of France would own it , and vice versa .
People do n't know their histories .
They do n't know that the Court of England , for a long time , spoke French and so did all the advisers .
Down through the ages , even when English crept in , or was modified or updated , they would speak Latin amongst themselves , for a while , so the public would n't understand them .
They always have a separate language to communicate their thoughts and actions to each other .
At the end of George Orwell 's " 1984 , " he asks O'Brien why they did this .
Why , when they had everything , why they have to torture people and break the people to make everyone accept slavery ?
O'Brien told Winston , he said , " power . "
It 's impossible for an ordinary person to imagine - or try to come close to imaging - a total addiction to total power .
It 's something where the psychopath makes up for , it 's like a gap in their brain is being filled by this need .
The part that should have humanity and humanitarian feelings , which they do n’t have , is filled with this aberration ; this is lust for power , where the end justifies the means , and by any means to attain it .
Our tax monies have been used , through a so - called Cold War , with the intention of amalgamating the knowledge gained through unlimited financing , under war footing .
The public do n't object , because they always tell you they 're going to protect you and they 've got to get more money to protect you , always ongoing , continuously .
There has to be an enemy .
Really , they 're looking forward to amalgamation of all the scientific knowledge for the total domination of a " Brave New World . "
A Brave New World where that which was left imperfect - which is man himself , according to the high freemasonry and the occult sciences - will be perfected by the gods who rule the world .
It 's hidden in every religion in esoteric language , and yet it 's still in plain view , if you just look over the stuff from every religion .
There has never been a time where it ’s by no chance the people are so entertained in circuses where anything imaginable , even that which you can't imagine , is supplied instantly through cable or satellite television , anywhere in the world .
Every part of a fantasia , every little part of the mosaic can be supplied instantly , to titillate you , mind bomb you , drive your senses wild in one direction or another .
It 's not by chance it 's being given to the public for the last 30 , 40 , 50 years and getting worse all the time , because people must not think as we 're going through this phase of it .
They must be completely absorbed by trivia and addictions of some form or another .
The " Brave New World " of Huxley was n't his idea ; it 's a very old plan .
The problem of all ruling elites , in all ages , has been how to dominate the public and to keep them subdued .
For a long time in the scientific age , even in the 1700 ’s , they discussed the fact that science would eventually be used to do that job .
To do that job completely is the goal .
Eventually , there 'll be no need for a media , so all the talking heads that have terrified the life out of you with all the drug wars and crimes and coming plagues and yada yada ya - because that 's what the media 's main job is ( apart from filling your head with irrelevancies ) is to make you afraid until you 're scared to walk out your door .
That 's why the law enforcement agencies and military agencies , which are all combined now anyway , love it .
It 's the stuff they thrive on to expand their forces and powers .
Polls are constantly taken when there 's even a shooting in Toronto , to see what the public think , and the media goes into overdrive .
One of them , when one shooting occurred , and Toronto does n't have that many ( it gets the occasional outburst , basically through gang members on gang members ) , but one of the polls they took when one person was shot , interviewed people , and I 'm sure they selected who they interviewed , at least the ones they kept to record and play back to the public .
It was mainly elderly women who said they were terrified now to go out the door .
They had done it everyday of their lives and nothing ever happened , but suddenly they were terrified , because the media created an impression ; everything was so awfully unsafe .
Power , as it has been known to exist by a dominant elite , demands enemies to keep you safe .
Impression of enemies everywhere is easily given to the public through media overdrive .
We know the massive problems caused by drugs were no coincidence , whatsoever .
The media drove the drug use beginnings , back in the ' 60’s .
The military had already been practicing with it testing it on members , just to see how it affected their behavior .
Did it make them docile ?
That 's what they were really after .
LSD flooded countries , the western countries , almost instantly .
It was all planned that way .
Students used to report sacks of garbage bags full of pills being thrown over the walls , from limos , over the university walls .
The BBC ( that 's part of the British government ) in all their musical shows , beginning with “ Top of the Pops ” and all of this stuff , interviewed people who were absolutely stoned on camera and then giggled about it , like “ are n't we naughty , ” to encourage the young to get into all this .
If you go back in the old books of the military and the higher elite of the CIA , they discussed doing that very thing , how to get the public , first on drugs , and then later on , control them electronically .
Whistleblowers have come out in the past from " Special Forces " and have talked about the fact that some of the " Special Forces " are working to bring the drugs in .
Other ones who do n't know about are working to try and keep them out .
The music industry was used to bring in hashish to get that popularized .
One stoned pop star after another was interviewed ad nauseam , on television in these silly shows just to get it all going to make it all the rage , because as Huxley and others said , " the young mimic what they see . "
I 've known various people over the years who have gone round giving talks on what they understood was coming on the world , trying to warn people about what was really happening .
Some of them burned themselves out doing it .
Some became disgusted at the public , who would hear them , understand on some level , and then turn back to their little addictions .
Everyone has them , whether it 's switching on the television and zonking out or whatever .
Everything 's that ’s been given for circuses attracts people back in .
They want to belong to what seems to be a safer world , because they believe it 's being controlled by experts .
They want to believe that so badly and they 've heard all the excuses , " well what can I do ?
"
It reminds me of , once again , what Orwell 's character Winston said .
" It 's not so much trying to get through every day pretending to be one of them , one of the mind controlled ones , ” he says , " it 's trying to hold on to your humanity that 's the hardest . "
For those who are still going out there to try and inform people about what 's going on and what shortly to come , what is coming , what 's happening , in fact , is on an ongoing process .
I tell them to try not to blame the public .
There are those who will simply never understand because they 're beyond help , they can't understand .
The control and indoctrination is too complete for them .
It 's better to take your energy and your knowledge and try and educate those who are asking questions , who are trying by their own to get out of the loop .
They know something is wrong .
What is human life worth today ?
How far have we come in 40 years , from the dehumanizing process of abortion , to now selling body parts to the highest bidders , to euthanasia ?
MORALS CAN BE GIVEN OR TAKEN AWAY OR REPLACED .
Morals are simply the codes given to a generation , at a particular time , by an elite .
Plato discussed that thousands of years ago .
It 's the instincts within , which is your voice of conscience , which tells you really what 's right or wrong , no matter who or what expert tries to build you up to accept something to make you do something .
Conscience can't be totally destroyed as long as we are still human .
How much is life worth today ?
At one time , it was held to be sacred .
This little article comes from the Des Moines Sunday Register , Iowa , March 25 , 2007 .
It 's typical of the presentation of the paper , and the front page is typical of most papers today ; the surrealistic way that things are presented , with a picture of some guy clapping at the top , and some jock about sports , then below it 's about implants , of course , which are going to help people .
Here it 's the deaf people giving you a chip implant inside the inner ear .
At the bottom of the page , tucked away next to a joke ( Junk in the Trunk joke ) , is this little article by Thomas Zambido , from the New York Daily News .
The article reads at the bottom left hand corner of the page , next to the joke , the cartoon .
" NEW YORK .
The pulverized remains of bodies from the World Trade Center disaster site were used by city workers to fill ruts and potholes , a city contractor says in a sworn affidavit filed Friday in Manhattan Federal Court .
Eric
Beck says debris powders - known as fines - were put in a pothole - fill mixture by crews at the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island , N.Y. , where World Trade Center debris was deposited after the Sept. 11 attacks .
" I observed the New York City Department of Sanitation taking these fines from the conveyor belts of our machines , loading it onto tractors and using it to pave roads and fill in potholes . "
Alan :
Then on page 10 ( a ) they have more to do with remains et cetera .
There it is , with a cartoon next to it , the happy stuff - happy again with a double meaning , because the chip implants are going to be promoted as being good for you as they promote into cyborg time .
Science is good , you see , science is the answer to all ills .
Then above the headlines at the very top of the page there 's the jock with the sports stuff flapping his hand with a big , odd grin on his face .
Surrealism and the news are presented the same way on television , every night .
They keep the main anchor people there for years and years so that you grow up with them .
Would father ever lie to you , or have an ulterior motive in the way he parrots the news he 's given to tell you , as though he'd done it all himself , or herself ?
Fear alters perception .
That 's all you get pulverized with , by the media , impending disasters : real , fake , possible , future , to keep you on edge and to obey everything in the system , as the following song will show .
From Hamish and myself , it 's good night , and may your god or your gods , and some humanitarian ideals , go with you .
" Rocked By Rape "
By Evolution Control Committee
This is the CBS evening news with Dan Rather reporting from
CBS news headquarters in New York .
Good evening ,
danger war killer fraud
CIA mayhem crisis horrible
inflation military threat
flaming debris fatal heart attack
stress injuries prison disaster
economic collapse dangerous radiation
a tide of violence and human misery
a liar and an unremorseful killer
communist international smuggling pipeline
starving victims and how they died
chemical weapons carpet bomb deaths
tough FBI killed and injured children
police conspiracy negative attacks
discipline sex and drinking binges
dying of a heart attack dying of breast cancer
dying of a Japanese nuclear bomb
mountains of credit card debt
a mountain of cocaine tons of cocaine
atomic bomb radiation experiments
unwitting test subjects dangerous radiation
marijuana abuse hooked on drugs
time for us to bug out
Rocked rocked rocked by rape
Rocked rocked rocked by rape
Rocked rocked rocked by rape
sex drugs and rocked by rape
nazi war criminals cancer garbage
murder caution terrorists castigation
police conspiracy dramatic urban torture
drunk driving hostage siege
government shutdown collapses
desperation despair deep into debt
criminal persecuted semi-automatic handgun
explosive gunman killed a tourist
funeral victims racists a massive lawsuit
hostage ethnic war
cancer death rate fleeing for their lives
CIA narcotics operations
hungry homeless frustrated terrorists
spoiled unsanitary hard - hitting losers
brutal bizarre critical bombing
the gangs rule
criminal anti-government love triangle
deeper and deeper into damage even debt
anti -drug DEA worldwide ban
time for us to bug out
[ chorus ]
disgruntled conspirator attack killed
US warplane went down in flames crash
gunned down shooting death blood drops murderer
desperate tragedy is n't he dead ?
death penalty ransom note forbidding notorious
overwhelming communist urban punishment
low ethics extortion and murder
a plane crash set an entire neighborhood on fire
international smuggling pipeline
make it faster better cheaper
health risk criminal murdering a man
tough diplomatic hell on earth
magnetic radiation fraudulent assassins
mysterious murder chemical terrorism
military targets fatal crash danger
a freak accident no known survivors
wild and wooly semi-automatic truck bomb
emergency anti-fatal shooting rampage
notorious negative police brutality
fear the hidden nazis next door
marxist rebels serious murderer
accidents problems punitive damages
like that negative heart wrenching controversy
time for us to bug out
[ chorus ]
bug out bug out bug out
bug bug
And that 's part of our world tonight for
the CBS evening news Dan Rather reporting
Good night and have a great weekend
( Transcribed by Linda )
Even with Florida 2000 on our minds , maybe you too could n't understand what 's the big deal about still counting ballots three full weeks after the Nov. 4 voting .
Thanks to Minnesota Public Radio , we can all at least partially understand now the predicament of the poor election judges trying to decipher what in the world many Minnesota voters had in mind -- or if they had one when they voted .
You'd think with millions of votes , a few dozen knuckleheads would n't matter much one way or the other .
But it now appears these dimwits could actually be the deciding factor in determining not only the Minnesota Senate race but also whether the Democrats achieve their coveted Republican - proof majority of 60 seats there .
Professional comedian Al Franken , the Democrat , and professional politician Norm Coleman , the Republican incumbent , are separated by a very few votes .
The deciding challenged votes could include :
--
One with the circle properly filled in but a thumbprint on another candidate 's name , possibly interpreted as an identifying imprint that would disqualify the vote ;
-- A ballot with " No " written by one name and another marked in ;
-- A ballot with one name marked but a little arrow pointing up to another candidate .
This is not unlike stowing bags in the overhead bins of airplanes , which a few million of us are going to be doing here in a day or two .
What is so hard about that or voting ?
You put the bags in the bin and shut the cover .
You darken one circle next to your chosen candidate .
If the suitcase did not fit in your car trunk or if two adults can't lift it , the bag is unlikely to fit overhead in a 737 .
It 's also understood that when voting for one candidate , you do n't prefer all the others .
Comments not necessary .
So , click on the " Read more " line below and see some amazing samples of ballots cast by real - live Minnesotans .
No wonder the Lakers left there .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Speaking of votes , cast yours online simply by registering here for free cellphone alerts of each new Ticket item .
Photo credits : Associated Press ( Franken / Coleman ) ; MPR ( below ) .
Austin police close 7 campuses , kill armed man Austin police close 7 campuses , kill man armed with AK - 47
AUSTIN — A man armed with an assault rifle and wearing body armor was shot and killed by a rookie police officer in an early - morning shootout on this city 's east side .
The shooting came after an attack that left two other men wounded and spurred Austin school district officials to call off classes at seven campuses in that area for the day .
Police Chief Art Acevedo praised the young officer as a hero .
The dead suspect is believed to have been involved in the earlier shooting that left two people wounded at a nearby residence .
The fatal shooting occurred after a chase in which a pickup truck that was seen leaving the residence crashed into a closed hamburger stand while fleeing police .
Five men ran away from the truck , one of them firing an AK - 47 at police , Acevedo said .
The rookie officer , whose name has not been disclosed , returned fire , killing the man , the chief said .
" What we really are pleased with is the fact that our officers responded to this very critical scene , " Acevedo said .
" As a result of the heroic efforts by one of our young cops — he 's only been around since January , he 's a brand - new police officer — the only loss of life was that of the suspect that was out there trying to cause mayhem in our community . "
Another suspect was taken into custody , and police are questioning a second " person of interest , " Acevedo said .
Nearby Reagan High School and six other schools are closed until tomorrow , the chief said , as a precaution while police pursue two and possibly three other suspects .
No students or staff members had arrived at the schools before the closures were announced .
The initial call of shots being fired at the residence came in at 3:58 a.m.
Arriving officers heard gunshots , Acevedo said , and chased the fleeing pickup .
The two men who were shot at the residence are in stable condition at a hospital , the chief said .
Officers blocked off a half - mile radius and a SWAT team is looking for the additional men , who are believed to be armed and dangerous .
Police have not released the names of any of the people involved in the incidents .
janet.elliott@chron.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Sen. Edward Kennedy will spend the night in a Washington hospital after suffering a seizure Tuesday afternoon during a luncheon for President Barack Obama .
President Obama greets Sen. Edward Kennedy at the luncheon in the Capitol .
Doctors believe the incident was brought on by " simple fatigue , " said Dr. Edward Aulisi , chairman of the neurosurgery department at Washington Hospital Center .
" Sen . Kennedy is awake , talking with family and friends , and feeling well .
He will remain at the Washington Hospital Center overnight for observation , and will be released in the morning , " Aulisi said in a statement .
Paramedics were called to the Capitol 's Statuary Hall at 2:35 p.m. Kennedy , 76 , was taken by ambulance to Washington Hospital Center .
At the hospital , Sen. John Kerry , D - Massachusetts , said Kennedy was alert and in good spirits .
" He has his Irish up , " Kerry said .
" Ted Kennedy is going to be back in the Senate fighting for the things he cares about . "
Kennedy had a mild seizure , Kerry said .
He quoted Kennedy 's wife , Vicki Kennedy , as saying , " It just goes with the territory . "
A Republican House member at the luncheon said Kennedy , D - Massachusetts , was still experiencing seizures when he was put in a wheelchair and taken out through the Rayburn room , located to the side of Statuary Hall .
The incident happened at the end of lunch .
Obama mentioned Kennedy 's condition while speaking at the luncheon .
Kennedy " was there when the Voting Rights Act passed , " the new president said .
" Along with John Lewis , [ Kennedy ] was a warrior for justice .
And so I would be lying to you if I did not say that right now , a part of me is with him .
And I think that 's true for all of us .
This is a joyous time .
But it 's also a sobering time , and my prayers are with him and his family and [ his wife ] Vicki . "
Obama " seemed very , very concerned , " and went to the area Kennedy was seated , said Sen.
Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont .
" He spoke to others and asked for a moment of silence . "
Former Vice President Mondale said he was sitting with Kennedy at their table , that he was doing fine when all of a sudden Kennedy started to convulse .
Secret Service officers moved in right away .
Sens . Chris Dodd , D - Connecticut , Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , and Kerry accompanied the ailing senator to an ambulance .
Dodd said Kennedy told him , " I 'll be okay .
I 'll see you later . "
Kennedy 's wife was with him , Dodd said .
" She knows what to do .
He 's in good shape . "
Hatch said he told Kennedy , " ' Teddy you 're going to be all right . ' "
" I personally wish he had n't come today , " Hatch said .
" This is a person who cares about history .
He would n't have missed this for the world . "
The senior Massachusetts senator , patriarch of one of American 's leading political families , is a staunch supporter of Obama .
See a closer look at Kennedy »
In May , Kennedy suffered a seizure while walking his dogs at his home in Hyannisport , Massachusetts .
Three days later , Kennedy 's doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts , said the preliminary results from a brain biopsy showed a tumor in the left parietal lobe , which was responsible for the seizure .
In June , Kennedy underwent a 3 ½ - hour operation at Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina , to remove a malignant tumor from his brain .
Surgeons reported the surgery was a success and that Kennedy should suffer no permanent damage from the procedure .
See more on malignant brain tumors »
Kennedy 's follow - up treatment plan was to include radiation and chemotherapy .
Kennedy , first elected to the Senate in 1962 , is the brother of President John F. Kennedy , who was assassinated in Dallas , Texas , in 1963 , and New York Sen.
Robert Kennedy , who was assassinated while seeking the White House in 1968 .
Though his own attempt to seek the presidency failed , Kennedy built a reputation as one of the most effective lawmakers in the Senate .
Kennedy had surgery in October 2007 to clear his carotid artery in hopes of preventing a stroke .
Until the seizure last year , the powerful Democrat appeared in fine health .
He suffers chronic back pain from injuries suffered in a 1964 plane crash .
Also during the luncheon , Sen. Robert Byrd , D - West Virginia , appeared to be experiencing some difficulty .
Byrd , 91 , was very upset and distraught over the incident involving Kennedy , a spokeswoman said .
She noted , however , that Byrd later recovered and returned to his Senate office .
CNN 's Dana Bash , Evan Glass , Jeanne Merserve and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
All About Edward M. Kennedy
Credit card - Advantages and disadvantages
A credit card can be an asset to your lifestyle , but if not handled carefully it can become a liability , especially if you find it so convenient and easy to use that you lose control of your spending .
This short guide will help you understand how you can use your credit card so it works to your advantage , not against you .
Advantages
A credit card can :
1 . Offer free use of funds , provided you always pay your balance in full , on time .
2 . Be more convenient to carry than cash .
3 . Help you establish a good credit history .
4. Provide a convenient payment method for purchases made on the Internet and over the telephone .
5 . Give you incentives , such as reward points , that you can redeem .
Disadvantages
On the other hand , credit cards can :
1 . Cost much more than other forms of credit , such as a line of credit or a personal loan , if you dont pay on time .
2 . Damage your credit rating if your payments are late ;
3 . Allow you to build up more debt than you can handle ;
4 . Have complicated terms and conditions ;
What is a credit card ?
A credit card is more then a simple piece of plastic , it is first and foremost a flexible payment tool accepted at 30 million locations worldwide , and if the card balance is paid off every month , then no interest is charged on purchases made so , essentially , short - term credit is granted without the consumer paying any interest .
Among its many features it provides :
1. Access to unsecured credit ( no collateral required against amounts charged )
2. Interest - free payment from time of purchase to the end of the billing period
3 . Instant payment of purchases , allowing for instant receipt of goods and services
4. 24/7 access
5. Fraud protection
However before you decide to use your credit card , carefully consider all of the factors and weigh them against your personal needs and values .
What about credit card control ?
Handling money and credit cards wisely is a talent few of us are born with .
But it is a skill that can easily be learned .
The place to start is with budgeting .
What is a Budget ?
Its simply an organized way of managing your finances , basically , it gives you an overall picture of where your money is coming from , when its coming in and how its being spent .
A budget should be flexible , changing according to your circumstances .
Why Budget ?
Budgeting helps us achieve short - term goals like paying the monthly bills on time ; its also for longer - term financial goals like buying a home , a car , paying for an education ,
a wedding or a holiday .
When you take control of your financial affairs , youre more confident about the future .
A budget is key to financial control .
It gives you a " Polaroid picture " of where you stand financially and where youre heading .
Credit card control tips
Use a low or no - fee credit card and save on the annual fee that some companies charge .
Only charge to your credit cards what you can pay off in full when the bill comes .
You might not use your credit card as much if you start believing that you have to pay off your entire balance at the end of each month .
A good way to help to reduce what you pay on your credit card is to search for a card with a lower interest rate .
Many financial institutions now offer at least one of these types of cards .
Remember that when you take a cash advance on your credit card , the interest starts accumulating immediately and not on the due date of your credit card bill .
Also keep in mind that if you make only the minimum monthly repayment you may never get out of debt .
Conclusion
The main advantage of having a credit card is convenience but if youre not good at budgeting and managing your finances , the over - use of credit cards can leave you with a debt thats very difficult to pay back .
Feature Film ( 157 )
Video ( 11 )
TV Episode ( 10 )
TV Movie ( 3 )
Video Game ( 2 )
Short Film ( 1 )
Thriller ( 113 ) Action ( 102 ) Sci-Fi ( 68 ) Drama ( 61 ) Horror ( 60 ) Crime ( 50 ) Adventure ( 41 ) Mystery ( 25 ) Comedy ( 18 ) Fantasy ( 18 ) Romance ( 8 ) Animation ( 6 ) War ( 5 ) Sport ( 4 ) Western ( 4 ) Family ( 3 ) History ( 3 ) Biography ( 1 ) Documentary ( 1 ) Music ( 1 ) Musical ( 1 ) Short ( 1 )
Sole Black Character Dies Cliche
Murder ( 136 )
Blood ( 129 )
Death ( 118 )
Violence ( 118 )
Pistol ( 103 )
Surprise Ending ( 99 )
Explosion ( 98 )
Corpse ( 96 )
Blood Splatter ( 94 )
Held At Gunpoint ( 89 )
Shot In The Chest ( 89 )
Shot To Death ( 89 )
Chase ( 87 )
Punched In The Face ( 82 )
Knife ( 81 )
Escape ( 78 )
Shootout ( 78 )
Betrayal ( 77 )
Fight ( 76 )
Deception ( 75 )
Rescue ( 75 )
Revenge ( 75 )
Shotgun ( 75 )
Cult Film ( 73 )
Gore ( 73 )
Bare Chested Male ( 72 )
Machine Gun ( 71 )
Shot In The Head ( 71 )
Beating ( 65 )
Brawl ( 65 )
Slow Motion Scene ( 65 )
Fear ( 64 )
Fire ( 63 )
Fistfight ( 63 )
Suspense ( 63 )
Flashback ( 62 )
Gunfight ( 62 )
Helicopter ( 62 )
Psychotronic Film ( 62 )
Shot In The Back ( 60 )
Showdown ( 60 )
Title Spoken By Character ( 60 )
Tough Guy ( 60 )
Cigarette Smoking ( 58 )
Falling From Height ( 58 )
Independent Film ( 58 )
Impalement ( 57 )
Ambush ( 56 )
Brutality ( 55 )
Warrior ( 55 )
Hostage ( 54 )
Kidnapping ( 54 )
Foot Chase ( 53 )
Shot In The Forehead ( 52 )
Black Comedy ( 51 )
Revolver ( 51 )
Survival ( 51 )
Action Hero ( 49 )
Paranoia ( 48 )
Photograph ( 48 )
Race Against Time ( 48 )
Stabbed In The Chest ( 48 )
F Word ( 47 )
Gun ( 47 )
Husband Wife Relationship ( 47 )
Panic ( 47 )
Police ( 47 )
Torture ( 47 )
Bar ( 46 )
Danger ( 46 )
Dog ( 46 )
Exploding Body ( 46 )
Exploding Car ( 45 )
Hand To Hand Combat ( 45 )
Knocked Out ( 45 )
Martial Arts ( 45 )
Self Sacrifice ( 44 )
Anti Hero ( 43 )
Female Nudity ( 43 )
Scientist ( 43 )
Soldier ( 43 )
Stabbed To Death ( 43 )
Death Of Friend ( 42 )
Disarming Someone ( 42 )
Double Cross ( 42 )
Person On Fire ( 42 )
Psychopath ( 41 )
Car Accident ( 40 )
Decapitation ( 40 )
Doctor ( 40 )
Flashlight ( 40 )
Police Officer ( 40 )
Interrogation ( 39 )
No Opening Credits ( 39 )
One Man Army ( 39 )
Shot In The Shoulder ( 39 )
Burned Alive ( 38 )
One Word Title ( 38 )
Strangulation ( 38 )
IMDb user rating ( average ) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to »
Prime Video ( 17 )
Prime Video ( Rent or Buy ) ( 103 )
Remember last year when the hosts of the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) decided not to give Ann Coulter her traditional speaking role at the event because , the year before , she had called John Edwards a “ faggot ” ?
Well , apparently , all has been forgiven
Coulter still spoke last year , of course , but was relegated to a back room where she was the guest of several of the conference ’s sponsors .
And now , as the conservative movement tries to figure out its course of action under a Democratic president and Congress , it looks like CPAC organizers have decided to place her front and center once again by giving her , and several other right - wing blowhards , prime speaking spots at the event :
The latest schedule for the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington , D.C. late February : Possible presidential candidates include Rep. Paul Ryan ( WI ) , speaking Thursday , Rep. Mike Pence ( IN ) , speaking Thursday — he ’s invited , not confirmed — Gov. Mike Huckabee , on Thursday , Gov. Sarah Palin , on Thursday — invited , not confirmed , and Rep. John Shadegg ( AZ ) .
On Friday , Sen. John Cornyn speaks in the early morning ; Newt Gingrich hosts a screening of a movie about Ronald Reagan .
Ron Paul and Mitt Romney speak in the afternoon .
On Saturday , Rick Santorum begins the day and Gov. Tim Palwenty is an invites speaker .
The lovely Ann Coulter speaks at noon .
And Rush Limbaugh finishes the conference .
Indeed , according to the schedule , Coulter and Limbaugh are slotted to speak in the Regency Ballroom , which is the hub of the entire conference , on the final day … and Limbaugh is going to be awarded with a “ Defender of the Constitution Award ” to close out the whole event .
My home internet connection is slow .
Actually slow is really an understatement , its sluggish , sloth like , it makes the sound the slugs make when racing across my lawn .
Finally the other day I got fed up waiting for something to load and decided to go to Verizon.com to see what else was available .
I should say that I cant get cable so I am stuck with DSL which in my opinion , sucks .
I get online and find that Verizon has 3 available plans .
1 mb , 3 mb and 7 mb .
The prices are 19.99 , 29.99 and 42.99 respectively .
I was n’t sure what I had now but I was willing to bet the farm it was the slowest one .
I decide to call Verizon and find out what I have now .
I call and am told that I have 768 kb .
Well this is odd because they do n’t even offer that speed anymore .
Its so slow its not even on the list !
Imagine my surprise when I ask what they are charging me for 768 and I am told 24.99 .
So they are charging me more for something so slow that they do n’t even offer it anymore .
I tell them I would like to upgrade to the 7 mb .
The woman says fine and quotes me a price of 52.99 a month .
I tell her no , that online it says 42.99 .
She says that is an online price and that the only way to get that price is to order it online .
They are unable to give me that price over the phone .
As idiotic as this sounds , I say fine and hang up .
I log into Verizon and click the “ upgrade my internet ” link .
I immediately get a “ We are unable to complete your request at this time , please call this number for service ” .
Then it includes the number .
I call the number and tell the women the entire story .
She gets into my account and the system and says “ Sir I can upgrade you to 7 m b but the only price I have available is 52.99 , I am sorry sir the 42.99 price is only available online , you will have to order it online to get that price ” .
I ask her if she heard my story .
“ I SAID I am unable to do it online because I got an error message ” .
She said she was sorry and would connect me to someone that could help .
I get woman # 2 .
I tell woman number two the entire story with the woman # 1 addition .
She gets into my account , then the system and says “ Sir I can upgrade you to 7 m b but the only price I have available is 52.99 , I am sorry sir the 42.99 price is only available online , you will have to order it online to get that price ” .
At this point I just about scream “ ARE YOU DEAF , CAN YOU NOT HEAR ME !!?? ” .
But I refrain and ask her if she heard what I said .
I tell her I am unable to do it online because of the message to call Verizon for help .
I told her I am calling for help .
She apologizes and says she will connect me to someone that can help me .
I now have woman # 3 on the phone .
I tell her the , now growing story .
She apologizes for my troubles and gets into my account .
Care to take a guess as to what she said ?
If you guessed , Sir I can upgrade you to 7 mb but the only price I have available is 52.99 , I am sorry sir the 42.99 price is only available online , you will have to order it online to get that price , then you are a winner , collect your prize online at Verizon .
I am so crazed with frustration at this point I am almost passing out .
I tell her that I am “ UNABLE TO DO IT ONLINE AS IT SAYS I CANNOT AND THAT I MUST CALL THE NUMBER WHICH I HAVE DONE ” !!!!!!!
She apologizes for my troubles and says she will connect me with someone that can help me .
I told her “ I do not believe you ” .
She said “ excuse me sir ” ?
I said “ you heard me , I do not believe you , but do what you must ” .
I now get “ help ” person numero quattro .
He is a man and I tell him my tale .
Its a long sad tale with an unhappy ending , but I tell it nonetheless .
He apologizes and gets into my account .
If you are feeling sporty , you can wager double or nothing on what he said to me .
Care to wager it all ?
If you guessed , Sir I can upgrade you to 7 mb but the only price I have available is 52.99 , I am sorry sir the 42.99 price is only available online , you will have to order it online to get that price , then you now have two prizes waiting for you at the Verizon help desk .
Call them to claim .
At this point I tell my man helper that I do not believe for one second that Verizon has any intention of selling any of the deals that they advertise online and that I think the entire thing is a scam to force me to pay 52.99 for 7 mb internet .
He tells me “ Sir Verizon is a multi billion dollar company , I assure you it is not in the business of scamming people ” .
I respond , “ well then give me the deal online or fix your site ” .
After fiddle farting around for 10 minutes or so , he says that he thinks he has a solution .
He says that although he cannot give me the 42 dollar deal he has a different deal he can give me .
He is able to give me 7 mb for 35 dollars a month with the first month free .
At this point , I am thinking I have seen the end of civilization and it is ending right here on the phone with this idiot , who after spouting his douchebaggery for almost 15 minutes can now give me an even better deal than the one I have been fighting to get for almost an hour now .
Of course I take the deal but not after telling him that I find it amazing that Verizon finds it acceptable to do business in this fashion .
“ Imagine my surprise when I found out that Verizon is now throttling me down to a speed that they dont even offer for more money than a current faster speed .
I am stuck with Verizon today and maybe for a few years , but someday I will have options , one day I will have cable available or some other technology will come along ” .
I asked him if he had to wager a guess , would he guess that I will stay with Verizon or kick them to the curb in hopes of finding a company that WANTS my business .
He said he did n’t care to wager .
Yeah I bet .
Imagine how happy I would be with Verizon if every now and then I got a letter that said they have upgraded their system and that the new minimum speed has increased and is cheaper and as a result I can expect to have faster internet at a new automatically lowered price .
I would stay with a company like that for a long long time .
Jennifer Aniston was happy to wave hi to the waiting paparazzi out in LA yesterday .
She showed off that toned arm , which is just another motivation to emulate her workout .
Everything seems to be going her way these days so it 's no wonder she 's in a great mood and now her boyfriend has some good news to celebrate as well .
Things are moving forward with his variety show even though most of you are n't that psyched about it just yet .
Jennifer might not be ready to show off any talents on the program , but she can certainly give him some advice on television success .
X17 Online
Those who make peaceful impossible will make violent revolution inevitable .
— John F. Kennedy
Ian ( Bernard ) Freeman is in hot water again .
The radio talk show host who is serving a suspended sentence for a furniture violation promoted a marijuana protest and thus broke a little known New Hampshire law which makes it illegal to promote civil disobedience while serving his “ time . ”
Or something to that effect .
In any case , Ian is a victim of political persecution .
The debate over marijuana legalization is a political subject .
Ian ’s promotion of the protest then falls under political speech , a “ protected ” category according to the Supreme Court .
How very gracious of them to grant the proletariat that right .
So , Ian ’s right to free speech protect by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution is being infringed .
But that ’s not the first time the government has denied Ian his constitutionally guaranteed rights .
This whole thing started when Ian was served with a citation because his tenants had put a couch in their front yard , a city code violation .
Ian refused to pay the fine , asking that the complainant come forward as provided by the Sixth Amendment — the accused has the right “ to be confronted with witnesses against him . ”
Of course , municipalities skirt this issue all the time by categorizing violations such as this , as well as traffic violations , as civil and not criminal infractions .
To make a long story short , Ian spent a weekend in jail because he refused to kowtow before the State .
And therein lays his real crime .
Ian asked questions which threatened to tear away the State ’s veil of legitimacy .
His case was n’t about a couch ; it was about power .
Ultimately , it will be the inability of politicians and bureaucrats to relinquish their power which will lead to the demise of big government .
The United States was founded on the principle that the sole role of government is to protect individual liberties .
In the early days of our republic , individuals had little dealings with government ; a situation that continued for over a century , as Jacob Hornberger points out :
In 1880 America , there was no income taxation , Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , welfare , public ( i.e. , government ) schools , drug laws , gun control , immigration controls , foreign wars , or foreign aid .
Economic regulations were few .
Contrast that to our modern Leviathan State in which nearly every activity is taxed , subsidized , licensed , or regulation .
As government has expanded , politicians and bureaucrats have seen a concomitant increase in their own power .
They demand obedience and lash at those who refuse to be cowed .
How else explain the judge ’s explosion when Ian refused to ask “ how high ” when the judge said “ jump ? ”
As Henry Kissinger said , “ power is the ultimate aphrodisiac . ”
And too many government employees are addicted .
It is this power addiction which causes politicians and bureaucrats to see libertarians as a threat .
However , true libertarians are peaceful and abhor violence .
We simply want the government to leave us alone .
We do n’t expect anything from government .
Libertarians realize that the only thing government can give to one person it must first confiscate from someone else .
Therefore , the best government can do is to simply confine itself to protecting our individual liberty .
That notion , with its implication for the contraction of political power , terrifies politicians .
No , the government should n’t be worried about libertarians .
The people that the government should be keeping its eyes on are those that it has taught to be dependent .
Those it has promised to will take of .
Those who have been taught that it ’s okay to take someone else ’s property as long as it is under the auspices of the State .
Those who have been told that they have a “ right ” to a job , to health care , to a house , to an education , and to a comfortable retirement .
Of course , those things are very important and one would hope that everyone has them .
However , no one should be forced to provide these services from someone else .
But that is exactly what the government has taught folks to expect .
What are people going to do when government is unable to meet this expectation ?
You see , government has made a lot of promises and now the bill is coming due .
But the checking account is overdrawn and the savings account is empty .
Barack Obama will become president this Tuesday .
He has christened his economic plan the “ American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan . ”
Unfortunately , reinvestment requires something to invest .
Invest requires capital — accumulated wealth .
That ’s why capitalism is called capitalism ; the system is built upon the accumulation , concentration , and exploitation of wealth .
What Obama is really talking about is state capitalism as opposed to free market capitalism .
But whether one agrees with him that the State is the best mechanism for efficiency ( I vehemently disagree ) or the free market is , the fact is that there is nothing left to invest .
The government has confiscated our wealth in the form of taxes and then wasted it on unnecessary wars , on pork barrel projects , on inefficient infrastructure and institutions , and just plain waste .
It has taken our wealth through the insidious tax of inflation , while at the same time championing monetary policy that convinced folks they were rich which caused them to trade in true wealth for big screen TVs and over - priced homes .
It has engaged in policies which have destroyed the productive capacity of our country and has crippled , and seems intent on killing , the one thing that actually creates wealth , the free market .
In short , the government has bankrupted the country and destroyed our capacity to crawl out of the hole .
But it still has those promises to keep .
As the realization that the government is unable to keep its promises beings to dawn on people , when they ca n’t feed their families or keep a roof over their heads , things will turn nasty .
They already are in other parts of the world .
And the target will be government .
Libertarians want a revolution , but we want a peaceful revolution with a specific goal : a more free society .
In many cases libertarians are even working within the system to try to change it .
The government , however , is making this peaceful change impossible .
Therefore , the revolution that comes will not be from libertarians but from a desperate people violent lashing out with no other motivation than anger .
That does n’t bode well for anyone .
In many ways , people like Ian Freeman are the government ’s best friend .
They ’re warning the government that you ’d better change your ways before you get in big trouble .
But , blinded by power lust , no one is listening and the big trouble is now fast approaching .
If and when that big trouble finally occurs , an anarcho - capitalist radio talk show host and his wayward sofa will be the last thing on the bureaucrat ’s mind .
Israelis go to the polls Tuesday , said Ilene Prusher in The Christian Science Monitor , and the ruling Kadima party will likely “ take the brunt of voter frustration ” over the two wars it oversaw : Lebanon in 2006 and Gaza just last month .
The " indecisive outcome ” of those battles has pushed voters toward Likud ’s hawkish Benjamin Netanyahu , who will beat Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni unless far - right insurgent Avigdor Lieberman siphons off too many votes .
Lieberman is the only candidate “ throwing any heat ” in the election , said Joe Klein in Time online , and a “ not likely , but not impossible ” win for his “ neo-racist , anti- Arab Yisrael Beitenu party ” is making the election exciting .
With Lieberman gaining , Netanyahu is “ losing altitude — pretty rapidly , ” and the center - left is reluctantly “ drifting toward Livni . ”
Livni is the least hawkish frontrunner , said the Los Angeles Times in an editorial , but even she has gone out of her way to show “ she ’s as tough as the next guy ” when it comes to Gaza .
And while the urge to “ pull back ” on peace talks is understandable , “ Israel will never be truly secure without peace , and will never have peace without a negotiated agreement . ”
No one “ seriously believes ” that Livni will deliver a peace treaty , said Jonathan Freedland in Britain ’s The Guardian , or that Netanyahu will “ realize the now - fading Likud dream ” of Israeli ownership of Palestine .
Both will move to the center - right .
If he wins , Netanyahu would rather be “ the hawk in a centrist government ” than be beholden to Lieberman .
Still , fear over the “ surging ” Lieberman being in power is “ the best thing Tzipi Livni has going for her , ” said Benjamin Hartman in Israel ’s Haaretz .
Her Kadima party is weak and discredited , but this election is mostly about staving off the candidate “ you hate or fear the most . ”
In June 1958 , Allen Ginsberg wrote to Jack Kerouac about a series of catastrophes that had befallen members of their circle on the West Coast .
Neal Cassady was in the San Bruno county jail , awaiting trial for having offered marijuana to a pair of undercover policemen .
A woman friend — “ little doomed Connie ” — had fallen in with “ some evil teaheads or something ” and been strangled , according to an outside source , “ Tuesday AM by a . . . seaman who confessed that PM . ”
Al Sublette , who features in Kerouac ’s novel “ Big Sur ” under the name Mal Damlette , was also in prison — “ I heard for a burglary . ”
All the news from out West , much of it conveyed by Cassady ’s “ haggard ” wife Carolyn , with whom Ginsberg had been on unfriendly terms since she disturbed him in bed with Neal , “ sounds evil . . . except letters from Gary . ”
In a note to Cassady himself two weeks later , Ginsberg admitted being at a loss to offer practical help .
“ I wrote Gary Snyder , he ’s the only one with a strong sense . . . to . .
. find what need be done . ”
The graph of Ginsberg ’s emotional life rose and fell alarmingly over the years ( he died in 1997 , at 70 ) .
The early correspondence in “ The Letters of Allen Ginsberg ” reflects a multifaceted distress : at his mother ’s “ severe nervous breakdowns , ” related fears for his own mental health , and a comprehensive sexual anxiety .
In 1949 , having fallen in with some petty criminals , he was arrested for harboring stolen goods and subsequently committed to the New York State Psychiatric Institute , where he met the future dedicatee of “ Howl , ” Carl Solomon .
Within a quarter - century , however , Ginsberg had become America ’s most famous living poet , attracting a congregation in which common readers mingled with political activists , students of oriental philosophy and a variety of social casualties .
Words­worth ’s famous pronouncement —
“ We poets in our youth begin in gladness ; / But thereof comes in the end despondency and madness ” — appears to have been put into reverse by Ginsberg .
The open homosexual and Blake - inspired visionary took every opportunity to demonstrate that candor triumphed over shame — by taking off his clothes at a poetry reading , for example .
Madness to gladness was his determined course .
If the world seemed reluctant to follow , the solution was obvious : change the world .
Yet letters written in the late 1980s to his longtime partner , Peter Orlovsky , and to his friend and fellow poet , Gregory Corso , suggest that Ginsberg , a man of great geniality and natural generosity , trailed the old discontents behind him .
They turned up in the form of other people ’s drug and alcohol addictions , pathological self - centeredness and occasional violence .
In June 1987 , he issued an ultimatum to Orlovsky , who had socked the psychiatrist R. D. Laing on the mouth during a get - together in Colorado , leaving Laing with “ a big blue swollen lip . ”
Orlovsky ’s recollection of the event was dim , therefore Ginsberg felt obliged to remind him :
“ You poured milk and apple juice over the harmonium as well as R. D. Laing . . . .
A teapot lid was broken , tiny fragments , no vacuum cleaner yet and I was too injured to get thing straight till now .
One cigarette burn on rug , one on hallway linoleum .
My shin got kicked when you overturned the coffee table while I was sitting on the couch watching you and Laing go at it .
The U.K. economy contracted more than expected , 1.5 % ( or 6 % at an annualized rate ) in Q4 2008 , the biggest decline since 1980 .
This further weakened the pound which fell to the lowest level against the U.S. dollar since 1985 and to a new all time low against the yen .
When this is written , one pound will only give you 1.355 dollars and 119 yen .
To give you a perspective on just how dramatic this decline is consider that as late as June 22 , 2007 ( a mere 19 months ago ) , it took 124 yens to buy 1 U.S. dollar .
The pound has in other words a lower value relative to the yen than the U.S. dollar had a mere 19 months ago .
And also remember that 19 months ago , it took nearly ( 1.9975 ) 2 U.S. dollars to buy a pound .
Relative to the yen , the pound has fallen from 248 to 119 yen , or 52 % .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A new science that seeks to fight climate change using methods like giant space mirrors might not work on its own , but when combined with cuts in greenhouse gases it may help reverse global warming , a research report said .
A boy sits in a pile of algae as his friend runs at a beach in Qingdao , Shandong province in this July 6 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Nir Elias / Files
In the report published on Wednesday , researchers at Britain ’s University of East Anglia assessed the climate cooling potential of “ geoengineering ” schemes that also include pumping aerosol into the atmosphere and fertilizing the oceans with nutrients .
“ We found that some geoengineering options could usefully complement mitigation , and together they could cool the climate , but geoengineering alone cannot solve the climate problem , ” said Professor Tim Lenton , the report ’s lead author .
Geoengineering involves large - scale manipulation of the environment in an attempt to combat the potentially devastating effects of increased atmospheric carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) levels .
“ Strong mitigation ... combined with global - scale air capture and storage , afforestation , and ( enhanced CO2 sinks ) might be able to bring CO2 back to its pre-industrial level by 2100 , thus removing the need for other geoengineering , ” the report said .
The level of mitigation of emissions required is in line with United Nations scientists ’ recommendation to cut greenhouse gases by 80 percent by 2050 , thereby keeping atmospheric CO2 below 450 parts per million and a global temperature rise below 2 degrees Celsius , Lenton told Reuters .
The report said the pumping of aerosols like sulfate or other manufactured particles into the stratosphere has strong potential to cool the climate by blocking the sun ’s rays , but also carries a high risk of speeding up warming if stopped .
Sunshades , or reflecting sunlight through giant space mirrors orbiting the earth , also have both great potential and great risk , the report said .
Lenton also endorses combusted biomass waste , or bio-char , as possibly having “ win-win benefits ” for the climate as well as for soil fertility .
Bio-char , a high - carbon substance that can store CO2 and enhance soil nutrients , is created by heating farm waste or wood in airtight conditions .
OCEAN FERTILISER
The report said ocean fertilization may prove successful in cutting global CO2 but advised care on what method is used .
Ocean fertilization involves introducing nutrients to the upper ocean to stimulate the growth of algae , which absorb and sequester CO2 from the atmosphere .
“ Ocean fertilization options are only worthwhile if sustained on a millennial timescale and phosphorus addition probably has greater long - term potential than iron or nitrogen fertilization , ” the report said .
Some environmentalists are concerned over ocean iron fertilization and say it could lead to a loss of marine life .
They call for more research before large - scale experiments are performed .
Earlier this month , the German government ordered a group of international scientists to halt plans to dump 20 tons of iron sulfate dust into waters around Antarctica over worries the experiment could breach international law .
The report ’s findings , published in the journal ‘ Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics Discussions ’ , come ahead of the launch of a new initiative to advance geoengineering studies by the university ’s School of Environmental Sciences later this year .
Infowars
January 7 , 2009
Holder wrote a brief in the ( District of Columbia )
Heller case supporting the position that you have no right to have a working firearm in your own home .
It looks like the gun-grabbers may have a field day when the new Congress convenes .
According to Bob Unruh , writing for WorldNetDaily , Obama ’s AG nominee , Eric Holder , may have the ability to ban guns at will .
Unruh cites H.R. 1022 , sponsored by New York Democrat Carolyn McCarthy and 67 co-sponsors .
It was introduced in February 2007 and the next month referred to the House Subcommittee on Crime , Terrorism and Homeland Security , where it bogged down .
“ But that could change in the 111th Congress , sworn in today , ” writes Unruh , who cites Alan Korwin , author of Gun Laws of America .
Korwin mentioned H.R. 1022 in a recent commentary .
Korwin said the plan would allow the U.S. Attorney General – possibly Holder – to add to the list of guns banned to the public any “ semiautomatic rifle or shotgun originally designed for military or law enforcement use , or a firearm based on the design of such a firearm , that is not particularly suitable for sporting purposes , as determined by the Attorney General . ”
“ Note that … Holder … wrote a brief in the ( District of Columbia )
Heller case supporting the position that you have no right to have a working firearm in your own home , ” Korwin said .
H.R. 1022 states that “ there shall be a rebuttable presumption that a firearm procured for use by the United States military or any federal law enforcement agency is not particularly suitable for sporting purposes , and a firearm shall not be determined to be particularly suitable for sporting purposes solely because the firearm is suitable for use in a sporting event . ”
According to Korwin , H.R. 1022 “ virtually dismisses the principles of the Second Amendment . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ Korwin said the Democrats listed in H.R. 1022 a framework for guns to be banned that includes originals , copies or duplicates of a wide - ranging list of shotguns , pistols and rifles , ” writes Unruh .
“ One of the red flags for semiautomatic rifles would be ‘ anything ’ that can serve as a grip , and as set up now , the Democrat members of the Judiciary Committee ‘ are all sworn enemies to the Second Amendment and are unlikely to be swayed at all by any firearms related arguments , ’ he said , ” citing Korwin .
It is expected Obama will will appoint at least one or two Supreme Court justices , thus stacking the deck against the Second Amendment .
The Supreme Court decided in the D.C. vs. Heller case that the Second Amendment provides an individual right to own firearms , not just the right for states to form armed militias .
Under Obama , all of this may change for the worse .
“ America ’s 85 million gun owners have ample reason to be pessimistic about how their civil rights will fare under the Obama administration .
Mr. Obama will have a Congress with an anti-gun Democrat majority leadership to push his gun control agenda .
Gun owners have not forgotten Mr. Obama ’s acknowledged opposition to concealed carry rights , nor his support for a ban on handgun ownership when he was running for the Illinois state senate , ” explains Alan Gottlieb , founder of the Second Amendment Foundation .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I enjoyed the Imperial - sized martinis and Ben loved the endless nibbles , but the best feature was the amazing 180 - degree view across the whole of Rome .
It is the highest lounge view in the city , taking in St Peter 's and the Vatican to the south and Rome 's hilltop observatory to the north .
In between , the low - rise splendour of the capital stretches out like an architectural model all the way to the Alban hills in the east .
Never mind gladiators ; on our first evening we felt like gods as we surveyed a miniature city illuminated by the flashes of a perfectly timed thunderstorm .
The Treasury has quietly opened the door to more bailouts of major banks like Citigroup that the department deems too big to fail , exposing taxpayers to potentially large losses on the banks ’ souring loan portfolios .
In a little - noticed move on Friday while many people were still on holiday vacations , the Treasury issued regulatory “ guidelines ” saying it would take the same steps to prevent the failure of other major institutions , as it did with Citigroup in December .
At that time , it provided the New York bank with a second large cash investment of $ 20 billion out of its bank bailout fund , and said it would share losses on $ 306 billion of the bank ’s gigantic portfolio of toxic loans .
The Treasury said it will limit such assistance to “ systemically significant financial institutions that face a high risk of losing market confidence due in large part to a portfolio of distressed or illiquid assets . ”
It will use “ extreme discretion ” in selecting which banks to rescue , Treasury said .
Some financial analysts say the department has opened up a can of worms by effectively putting a government guarantee behind “ zombie banks ” that are essentially insolvent , while putting taxpayers at risk for giant losses on the potentially unsalvageable loans that are at the heart of the banks ’ financial problems .
“ This program will likely be used to offer similar ‘ guarantees ’ when Bank of America , Chase , Wells Fargo , Goldman and Morgan Stanley show up hat - in - hand on taxpayers ’ doorsteps , ” said Rolfe Winkler , a financial analyst with Option Armageddon , a Web site chronicling the mortgage crisis .
“ None of our major banks would still be standing in the absence of the herculean bailout efforts by the Federal Reserve and Treasury over the last four months , ” Mr. Winkler said .
“ Committing hundreds of billions - or trillions - of dollars to ‘ stabilize ’ companies that are already effectively dead will only put huge tax burdens on future generations . ”
All of the big banks possess large portfolios of bad loans that they either originated themselves or acquired through government - blessed mergers in the past year and a half .
Bank of America had relatively few loan troubles itself before it took on substantial loan problems with the acquisition last year of Countrywide , the nation ’s biggest mortgage lender and leading subprime originator , and Merrill Lynch , a leading underwriter of aggressive loans .
Wells Fargo also acquired massive exposure to California mortgages with some of the highest default rates in the nation when it took over Wachovia Corp. in a government - arranged marriage in the fall .
And JP Morgan Chase took on the toxic liabilities of Bear Stearns last spring and Washington Mutual last fall in government - sanctioned combinations .
While the mergers greatly expanded the acquiring banks ’ shares of the nation ’s banking market , they put in jeopardy the banks ’ own good credit ratings and stability in a way that makes them vulnerable to the mounting losses on home loans as well as credit cards , commercial real estate and other trouble spots in today ’s economy .
Standard & Poor ’s Corp. warned this week that banks face a tough slog this year and are still vulnerable to global financial shocks , despite the generous lifelines that the Treasury and Fed have thrown to them .
On top of the huge toxic mortgage loan portfolios the banks are holding , S&P ; warned , problems will mount with loans made to real estate developers , retailers , car buyers and consumers who are heavy users of credit cards .
S&P ; has downgraded the credit ratings of all the major banks to reflect its increased bad - loan exposure , and warns of potentially more downgrades .
Still , the largest banks have an advantage over small and regional banks that the Treasury does n’t deem too big to fail , S&P ; said , because they wo n’t benefit as much from the Treasury ’s “ safety net ” programs providing capital injections and debt guarantees .
CreditSights analyst David Hendler also sees an advantage for the biggest banks because of the extra measure of protection they are getting from Treasury .
That is a major reason he is recommending that investors buy big - bank stocks and bonds .
“ Even the most cynical investors ” can see that the government will fight any attempts to stage a run on a major bank like short - sellers did last fall in episodes that led to the failure of Lehman Brothers , Wachovia and other banks , he said .
“ The systemic scares and funding difficulties of the fall of 2008 have made it a priority for the government to resuscitate the systemic players who need the most help , ” he said .
Among the major banks , Mr. Hendler is optimistic that most will be able to survive without additional government assistance , with the possible exception of Wells Fargo .
“ We worry that the high foreclosures in Wachovia ’s option [ adjustable rate mortgage ] portfolio combined with Wells ’ natural California and West Coast focus in residential mortgages could stagger the giant , ” he said .
JP Morgan , on the other hand , remains so robust even after absorbing Bear Stearns ’ and Washington Mutual ’s bad loans , it may be in a strong enough position this year to buy yet another weaker player like Morgan Stanley , he said .
The two remaining stand - alone investment banks - Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs - are still viable for now , but could weaken if their traditional sources of funding in moribund markets like asset - backed commercial paper do not stage a revival this year , he said .
Richard Berner , economist at Morgan Stanley , defended the Treasury ’s decision to guarantee the survival of major banks while leaving the fate of smaller institutions to fitful financial markets .
“ Like it or not , politicians and regulators must decide which institutions are worth saving and which are not , and how losses will be shared among lenders , borrowers , shareholders and taxpayers , ” Mr. Berner said .
But he said the Treasury ’s guidelines for rescuing major banks do not go far enough and suggested the President - elect Barack Obama ’s administration may want to go further in helping the banks get rid of their worst - performing loans .
“ Balance sheet repair is necessary to attract private capital and end the credit crunch , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
How do you turn a bottle of cheap plonk into a fine vintage ?
( Image : Creativ Studio Heinemann / WestEnd61 / Rex Features )
MOST people have got one lying around somewhere : a bottle of cheap , nasty wine left over from a dinner party just waiting to be offloaded on someone else – or quaffed late one night when the good stuff has run out .
But what if you could turn that bargain - basement plonk into fine wine in minutes ?
In these straitened times it could be just the thing a wine lover needs .
Traditionalists , of course , would insist that nothing can replace genuine quality plus long , slow ageing in an oak barrel and years of storage in cool , cobwebby cellars .
But could there be a short cut ?
Over the years , inventors have come up with dozens of widgets that they claim can transform the undrinkable or bring the finest wines to perfection without the long wait .
Sadly , there ’s little scientific evidence that most of them work ( see “ Faking it ” ) .
Looks like you ’re stuck with the plonk .
Or are you ?
Fortunately , there is one technique that stands out from the rest .
It is backed by a decade of research , the results have been published in a peer - reviewed journal and the end product has passed the ultimate test - blind tasting by a panel of wine experts .
No fewer than five wineries have now invested in the technology .
The secret this time is an electric field .
Pass an undrinkable , raw red wine between a set of high - voltage electrodes and it becomes pleasantly quaffable .
“ Using an electric field to accelerate ageing is a feasible way to …
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan 
A powerful bomb struck the crowded alleyways of a central bazaar in the chaotic city of Peshawar on Friday , killing at least 29 people and wounding more than 90 , Pakistani officials said .
The bomb exploded near the bazaar in Kissa Kahani , or Street of the Storytellers , at a time when the streets of Peshawar , in northwestern Pakistan , were crowded with people shopping for an approaching festival , the police said .
The chief of police in Peshawar , Malik Naveed Khan , told Pakistani television that the explosion , which took place about 7:20 p.m. , struck near a Shiite mosque .
He said he expected the numbers of dead and wounded to increase .
A doctor said Saturday morning that several people had died overnight , raising the death toll to 29 .
A loud explosion , which witnesses said blew out windows up to a half - mile away , was soon followed by fire , which engulfed scores of buildings in the narrow alleys nearby and severely hampered rescue efforts .
Higher - order shell
Many Unix utilities execute their arguments as a command line in turn .
Some well - known examples are nice , sudo , xargs , and find .
These programs are sometimes called meta-commands , but I think of them as higher - order programs by analogy to higher - order functions .
Surely I was not the first to write the following two higher - order programs , given how useful they are .
tmp :: String -> ( FilePath -> IO ( ) ) -> IO ()
The first program is tmp .
It puts standard input in a temporary file , then invokes the arguments as a command with the name of the temporary file appended .
This program is useful because some programs require input in the form of an ordinary file rather than a pipe .
For example , say that we want to retrieve a URL and display the contents using xdvi .
It would be nice to be able to say
curl http://www.diku.dk/~andrzej/papers/RC.dvi | xdvi -
or
xdvi <( curl http://www.diku.dk/~andrzej/papers/RC.dvi)
but my xdvi only works on an ordinary file named on the command line :
$ curl http://www.diku.dk/~andrzej/papers/RC.dvi | xdvi - xdvi.bin : Fatal error : -:
No such file , and -.dvi does n't exist either .
$ xdvi <( curl http://www.diku.dk/~andrzej/papers/RC.dvi) xdvi.bin : Fatal error : / dev/fd/63 : File has zero size , and / dev / fd /63.dvi does n't exist either .
Instead , we can use tmp to adapt xdvi to our purpose .
$ curl -- silent http://www.diku.dk/~andrzej/papers/RC.dvi | tmp xdvi
When the command is done , tmp deletes the temporary file .
$ echo foo | tmp cat foo $ echo foo | tmp echo | xargs cat cat : /tmp/uyocf2fHQx : No such file or directory
Often I use tmp when I need to process the same data twice .
For example , it takes two invocations of psselect to print duplex using manual feed on a printer without duplex .
$ a2ps -o- Higher-order_shell.mdwn | tmp sh -c ' psselect -e -r $ 0 | lpr ; read </ dev/tty ; psselect -o $ 0 | lpr '
The use of $ 0 above is documented in the sh man page :
-c Read commands from the command_string operand .
Set the value of special parameter 0 ( see Special Parameters ) from the value of the command_name operand and the positional parameters ( $ 1 , $ 2 , and so on ) in sequence from the remaining argument operands .
No commands shall be read from the standard input .
We can also use sh -c in the same way to nest multiple invocations of tmp together .
For example , the following command uses lynx to convert two HTML files into plain text , then uses xxdiff to show how the results differ .
We need to invoke tmp twice because xxdiff requires both of its arguments to name ordinary files rather than pipes .
$ lynx - dump Control - Monad - State - Lazy.html | tmp sh -c ' lynx - dump Control - Monad - State - Strict.html | tmp xxdiff $ 0 '
Because xxdiff takes the argument - to mean standard input , the following command works too .
$ lynx - dump Control - Monad - State -Lazy.html | tmp sh -c ' lynx - dump Control - Monad - State - Strict.html | xxdiff $ 0 -'
keep :: ( forall m. MonadIO m => m ( ) ) ->
IO a
The second program is keep .
It invokes the arguments as a command and monitors the files the command accesses .
Whenever any of the files change , keep invokes the command again .
Most of the time , I use keep to invoke LaTeX when I do n’t want to bother writing a Makefile :
$ keep pdflatex talk .
tex
Internally , keep uses strace ( another higher - order program ) to find out which files are accessed by the command , and Linux ’s inotify facility to watch the files for changes .
The incron utility also uses inotify to run a command when files change , but keep discovers which files to watch automatically .
Errata
Thanks to bennymack on reddit for pointing out that file can work on standard input .
I changed the example from file to xdvi .
UPDATE : Thanks to some attention , the problem has been fixed .
A bad word ?
Text message someone an article with the word “ gay ” in the title from the New York Times ‘ mobile website , and they may be a bit confused as to what you ’re sending them .
That ’s because the service replaces every instance of “ gay ” in a headline with the word “ beep ” .
My friend
Al sent a message to me on New Years Eve containing a link to Frank Rich ’s recent column about Rick Warren , and it arrived with the headline “ You ’re Likable Enough , ‘ beep ’ People . ”
Subsequent attempts using different articles turned up the same results .
Click image , as it appeared on my iPhone above , to enlarge .
Now while I would n’t be surprised if Rick Warren thought of me as a “ beep ” person , I ’d expect better from the New York Times .
I would demand that they change it .
I ’ve sent a feedback email to the paper .
Will let you know what I hear .
The Wallet has sifted through your reader questions about the Smith Barney Morgan Stanley news and sent them to spokespeople at both Citi Smith Barney and Morgan Stanley .
Although neither institution can speak about specific accounts , they did offer some broader answers about what 's ahead for customers of the firms involved in the new joint ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The number of U.S. workers continuing to claim jobless benefits jumped to a record high in the first week of February , the Labor Department data showed on Thursday , while new claims for unemployment insurance were unchanged at a very high level .
U.S. producer prices rose faster than expected in January after falling for five straight months as energy costs rebounded , government data showed on Thursday , but inflation pressures generally remained benign .
KEY POINTS :
JOBLESS CLAIMS : * The number of people remaining on the benefits rolls after drawing an initial week of aid surged 170,000 to 4.987 million in the week ended Feb 7 , the most recent week for which the data is available .
That was the highest reading on records dating back to 1967 .
* Analysts had estimated so - called continued claims would be 4.86 million from a previously reported 4.81 million the prior week .
* Initial claims for state unemployment insurance benefits were a seasonally adjusted 627,000 in the week ended February 14 unchanged from an upwardly revised 627,000 the previous week .
* New claims hovered close to a 26 - year high .
* Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast 620,000 new claims versus a previously reported figure of 623,000 the week before .
*
The four - week moving average of new jobless claims , a better gauge of underlying labor trends because it irons out week - to - week volatility , rose to 619,000 , the highest since 1982 , from 608,500 the prior week .
PPI : * The Labor Department said the producer price index rose 0.8 percent in January , rising for the first - time since July , compared to a 1.9 percent drop in December .
* Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a 0.2 percent rise in the overall index .
* Compared to the same period last year , the producer price index fell 1 percent , the largest decline since October 2006 .
*
Core producer prices , excluding food and energy costs , rose 0.4 percent in January , also above market expectations for an increase of 0.1 percent .
* Core PPI rose 0.2 percent in December . * Compared to the same period a year ago , core producer prices were up 4.2 percent .
* Energy prices surged 3.7 percent in January , halting five months of declines .
Gasoline prices jumped 15 percent , the biggest increase since November 2007 .
*
Food prices fell 0.4 percent , with declines in diary and meat costs more than offsetting sharp increases in vegetables .
COMMENTS :
CHAD MORGANLANDER , PORTFOLIO MANAGER , STIFEL , NICOLAUS & CO , FLORHAM PARK , NEW JERSEY :
JOBLESS CLAIMS :” The persistent trend in job losses will have a negative feedback loop in the economy .
On a short - term basis , you might get a relief rally predicated on the fact that we ’re oversold .
Long term , I ’m concerned about economic trends which have deteriorated .
“ Consensus views on economic growth in 2009 have to be revised downward . ”
PPI : “ There ’s a lot of white noise in those numbers .
It ’s difficult to determine a trend .
We think we ’re in a deflationary period and we would certainly keep an eye on deflation .
That ’s the main concern in 2009 and 2010 . ”
CONRAD DEQUADROS , SENIOR ECONOMIST , RDQ ECONOMICS , NEW YORK :
“ Obviously another very weak reading on the labor market though that ’s not a particular surprise .
If we look at the trend in jobless claims between the January and February employment survey periods it suggests perhaps a significantly larger decline in payrolls for February than we saw in January .
“ I think we would be looking at a decline perhaps well north of 600,000 on payrolls . ”
ALAN LEVENSON , CHIEF ECONOMIST , T. ROWE PRICE , BALTIMORE :
“ We ’re maintaining a high level of labor market deterioration in February and we ’re likely to see another 500,000 to 600,000 jobs lost when we see the employment data in a couple of weeks .
“ I do n’t think the data was really unexpected .
Elevated jobless claims are n’t a surprise .
“ We ’re seeing some stabilization , in terms of the growth rate not getting worse .
It ’s like saying someone ’s fever has stabilized at 105 degrees .
It ’s stable , but they ’re not a healthy person .
You can say the same thing with production , we stabilized at declines of 2.5 percent , but evidence of that is preliminary .
In general I think we ’re moving toward the pace of maximum contraction in the economy , but evidence for that is only preliminary . ”
DAVID RESLER , CHIEF ECONOMIST , NOMURA SECURITIES , NEW YORK :
“ We ’re now seeing the effects of the layoffs that were announced earlier in the year that made a lot of headlines , those people are now in fact being laid off and filing for their claims .
“ Back in ‘ 82 we had a stretch of 13 weeks where we had claims in excess of 600,000 .
The labor force was 40 percent smaller then , though .
If the job market was as comparably bad as it was in ‘ 82 , these numbers would have to be running consistently around 900,000 .
( Unemployment rate ) “ We ’ve always been coming up just shy of 10 percent ( in our models ) .
To the extent there ’s a transitory benefit of the fiscal stimulus , that makes it less likely we get to it . ”
KEVIN FLANAGAN , FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST , GLOBAL WEALTH MANAGEMENT , MORGAN STANLEY , PURCHASE , NEW YORK :
“ I do n’t think jobless claims provides any new insight into what is going on in the state of the nation ’s economy .
Labor markets will continue to deteriorate right through mid-year if not even further .
We will continue to see claims struggle .
“ The PPI report is more a reflection of the fact that we are not seeing the same declines in energy prices as we were in the fall months .
“ I would n’t get excited about core being up 0.4 percent as a sign of stagflation .
I think there are some anomalies and that we will be in a deflationary environment for several months .
“ Treasuries are essentially unchanged .
Once again we are back to supply . ”
KATHY LIEN , DIRECTOR OF CURRENCY RESEARCH , GFT , NEW YORK :
“ We have mixed numbers this morning with inflation stronger than expected but jobless claims and continuing claims still at high levels .
What I am worried about is the continuing claims number , because they are just a whisker away from five million Americans having lost their jobs .
As for PPI the uptick was foreshadowed by the smaller decline in import prices and despite the rise it wo n’t draw away from the disinflation fears of the Federal Reserve .
Not too much action in the dollar following the numbers because they are mixed .
The jobs data offsets the surprise inflation data . ”
MARKET REACTION : STOCKS : U.S. equity index futures pare gains after jobless claims .
BONDS : U.S. Treasury debt prices hold losses .
DOLLAR : U.S. dollar holds losses versus major rivals .
Intro , Specs and Bundle
A few weeks back , we took an in - depth look at the dual - GPU powered NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 .
Just to recap a bit ; the GeForce GTX 295 is NVIDIA 's current flagship graphics card that couples a pair of 55nm GT200 GPUs with 1792 MB of frame buffer memory , culminating in what is ultimately the fastest , single graphics adapter on the market at this time .
It appeared after about 5 months of work and fine tuning , NVIDIA was sick and tired of letting AMD's Radeon HD 4870 X2 lead the pack as the fastest single graphics card in the market .
In our launch article , we also gave you a glimpse of the EVGA GeForce GTX 295 Plus , but due to time constraints , we were n't able to benchmark and fully evaluate the card .
We have since , however , given the EVGA GeForce GTX 295 Plus a good once over , and are ready to shine the spotlight on it here .
Although it is , at its core , a straight - up reference design , EVGA worked a bit of their mojo and tweaked the GTX 295 Plus ' clock speeds slightly to boost the card 's performance over stock models .
Take a second to check out the specifications and bundle below , and then we 'll move on to the fun stuff and evaluate the card itself and its performance ...
EVGA GeForce GTX 295 Plus EVGA GeForce GTX 295 Plus Specifications and Features GPU :
Fabrication Process : 55nm
Processor Cores : 480
ROP Units : 56
Texture Filtering Units : 160
Core Clock ( MHz ) : 594 MHz
Shader Clock ( MHz ) : 1296 MHz
Texture Filtering Rate : 92.2 Giga
Texels /s
Memory :
Memory Clock ( MHz DDR ) : 2052 MHz
Total Memory Config : 1792 MB
Memory Interface Width : 448 - bit per GPU
Total Memory Bandwidth : 229.8GB /s
Display Support :
Maximum Digital Resolution : 2560x1600
Maximum VGA Resolution : 2048x1536
Standard Display Connectors :
2 x Dual - Link DVI -I , 1 x HDMI Feature Support :
NVIDIA SLI - ready : Quad-SLI
NVIDIA PureVideo Technology -HD
NVIDIA PhysX-ready
NVIDIA CUDA Technology
HybridPower Technology
GeForce Boost
Microsoft DirectX 10
OpenGL 2.1
Bus Support : PCI -E 2.0 x16
Standard Graphics Card Dimensions :
Height : 4.376 inches ( 111 mm )
Length : 10.5 inches ( 267 mm )
Width : Dual - slot
Thermal and Power Specs :
Maximum GPU Temperature ( in C ) : 105
Maximum Graphics Card Power ( W ) : 289
Power Connectors : 6 - pin x1 , 8 - pin x1
EVGA kept the GeForce GTX 295 Plus ' bundle simple and strightforward .
Included with the card itself , EVGA has thrown in a pair of PCI Express power adapters ( one 6 - pin , one 8 - pin ) , a DVI - to - VGA adapter , an S / PDIF digital audio pass - through cable to compliment the card 's HDMI output , a driver CD , a case badge , and a user 's manual .
Sorry , no full version games here , but EVGA 's excellent Precision graphics tuning utility is offered with the card as well , which is a nice plus .
The Terawatt World
Engineer Griffith said he was going to make the connection between personal actions and global climate change .
To do that he ’s been analyzing his own life in extreme detail to figure out exactly how much energy he uses and what changes might reduce the load .
In 2007 , when he started , he was consuming about 18,000 watts , like most Americans .
The energy budget of the average person in the world is about 2,200 watts .
Some 90 percent of the carbon dioxide overload in the atmosphere was put there by the US , USSR ( of old ) , China , Germany , Japan , and Britain .
The rich countries have the most work to do …
Read the rest of Stewart Brand ’s Summary
Two articles by Canadian Marxist Ian Angus discuss the important legacy of Charles Darwin in the 200th year since his birth and the 150th anniversary year of the publication of On the Origin of Species .
This first article appeared in Canada 's Socialist Voice , and the second in the Britain 's Socialist Resistance .
Ian Angus will be a featured guest at the World at a Crossroads conference , to be held in Sydney , Australia , on April 10 - 12 , 2009 , organised by the Democratic Socialist Perspective , Resistance and Green Left Weekly .
Visit http://www.worldATACrossroads.org for full agenda and to book your tickets .
Darwin and materialist science
By Ian Angus
Socialist Voice -- February 12 , 2009 is Darwin Day , the 200th anniversary of the birth of Charles Darwin .
His masterwork ,
On the Origin of Species , was published 150 years ago , in November 1859 , initiating a revolution in science that continues to this day .
Although Darwin ’s political views were far from radical , his insights became the central weapons in the battle to establish materialist science as the basis for our understanding of the world , and contributed to the development of Marxism .
Charles Robert Darwin was , to say the least , an unlikely revolutionary .
His father was a prominent physician and wealthy investor ; his grandfather was Josiah Wedgwood , founder of one of the largest manufacturing companies in Europe .
He could have lived a life of leisure — instead he devoted his life to science .
After graduating from Cambridge in 1831 , 22 - year - old Charles Darwin boarded the British survey ship HMS Beagle as an unpaid naturalist , subsidised by his doting father .
When he returned after five years , he had thousands of pages of scientific observations , over 1500 carefully preserved specimens — and growing doubts about the dominant scientific and religious ideas of his day .
A heretical conclusion
At that time , Darwin wrote in his 1861 introduction to Origin , “ the great majority of naturalists believed that species were immutable productions , and had been separately created ” .
Biblical literalists and deists alike agreed that species were fixed by divine law .
Dogs might vary in appearance , but dogs do n’t give birth to cats .
After five years of travel and two years of study at home , Darwin came to a heretical conclusion : species were not immutable .
All animals were descended from common ancestors , different species resulted from gradual changes over millions of years , and God had nothing to do with it .
It is difficult today to understand how shocking this idea would be to the middle and upper classes of Darwin ’s time .
Religion was n’t just the “ opium of the masses ” — it gave the wealthy moral justification for their privileged lives in a world of constant change and gross inequality .
The world was unfolding according to God ’s wishes , and anyone who questioned that endangered the very fragile social order .
Nevertheless , by the 1830s educated people knew that the Genesis creation story could n’t be literally true .
The rise of capitalism in the 1700s had led to booms in mining and canal building : those works exposed geological layers and ancient fossils that clearly contradicted the idea of a recently - created earth .
In the same period , imperialism led to global exploration and the discovery of more varieties of plant and animal life than any European had ever imagined .
Why had the Creator been so extravagant ?
And why , if each animal was created separately , were their underlying structures so similar — why do bats ’ wings , whales ’ flippers , lions ’ paws and human hands all contain the same bones ?
Many attempts were made to preserve a central role for God and creation in the face of this evidence .
Perhaps the most sophisticated was developed in the 1850s by Richard Owen , head of natural science at the British Museum and inventor of the word “ dinosaur ” .
He argued that all animals are variations on ideas — “ archetypes ” — in God ’s mind .
God “ foreknew all variations ” on those archetypes and made them real in forms that would suit various environments or situations over time .
At the opposite end of the philosophical spectrum , the great French biologist Jean - Baptiste Lamarck offered a non-religious explanation .
He proposed that there is a “ chain of being ” , a ladder of life , with single - celled animals at the bottom and humans at the top .
Nature constantly and spontaneously creates new creatures that have an innate drive to climb the ladder , becoming more complex , or perfect , over time .
As they climb , they also adapt to environmental changes : giraffes have long necks because their ancestors had to stretch to reach high leaves , while fish that live in caves are blind because their ancestors ’ vision declined as a result of disuse .
This concept was not central to Lamarck ’s theory , but “ inheritance of acquired characteristics ” has since become inextricably connected to his name .
A materialist explanation
While Lamarck and others just speculated that species changed over time , Darwin provided convincing evidence .
More important , he showed that it happened by natural processes , without any help from gods or mysterious progressive forces .
That is , his explanation of evolution was materialist .
In Darwin ’s theory , three factors combine to create new species : variation , inheritance and natural selection .
There are many differences between the members of any species , and those differences will result in some individuals being more likely to survive environmental changes and so pass on their variations to the next generation .
Over long periods of time , such variations will spread through the population , while any that reduce the possibility of reproduction will decline .
Eventually the accumulation of new characteristics results in new species .
Darwin developed the key elements of his theory by 1838 , but did n’t publish it because he knew how hostile the scientific community of his day was to both materialism and evolution .
Only after 20 years , when he had become one of the best - known and most respected naturalists in England , did he finally make his heresy public .
On the Origin of Species was an instant best seller .
The publisher printed 1250 copies but received orders for 1500 copies on the first day .
A second edition of 3000 copies followed in a few weeks , and some 110,000 copies were sold in England by the end of the century .
While Darwin ’s ideas were quickly accepted by many scientists , especially younger ones , they were roundly condemned by the scientific establishment and by religious leaders .
Adam Sedgwick , Darwin ’s geology professor at Cambridge , called On the Origin of Species “ utterly false and grievously mischievous ” and declared his “ detestation of the theory , because of its unflinching materialism ” , while Richard Owen denounced it as an “ abuse of science . ”
Marx and Engels and Darwin
Outside official scientific circles , Darwin ’s ideas found strong support in the workers ' movement .
Friedrich Engels said Origin was “ absolutely splendid ” , and Karl Marx called it “ the book which contains the basis in natural history for our view ” .
Marx ’s friend Wilhelm Liebknecht later recalled that “ when Darwin drew the conclusions from his research work and brought them to the knowledge of the public , we spoke of nothing else for months but Darwin and the enormous significance of his scientific discoveries ” .
In Origin , Marx and Engels found a materialist explanation of nature ’s history to complement and strengthen their materialist explanation of human history .
They particularly valued Darwin ’s demonstration that nature has a history that can be explained in materialist , natural terms .
In Anti-Dühring , Engels wrote :
“ Nature works dialectically and not metaphysically … she does not move in the eternal oneness of a perpetually recurring circle , but goes through a real historical evolution .
In this connection , Darwin must be named before all others .
He dealt the metaphysical conception of Nature the heaviest blow by his proof that all organic beings , plants , animals , and man himself , are the products of a process of evolution going on through millions of years . ”
A triumph for humanity
Darwin spent most of the rest of his life researching evolution and natural selection , while his supporters defended his ideas against the most influential opinion leaders of his day .
By the time he died in 1882 , few scientists still disputed the fact of evolution — but it took much longer for most to accept the materialist core of Darwin ’s work , that variation and natural selection are the processes that drive evolution .
For decades scientists searched for an alternative to natural selection that would be compatible with the idealist conception that God , or some equivalent progressive tendency in nature , guided evolution upwards until humans emerged as the pinnacle of creation .
But twentieth - century genetic research proved that Darwin was right all along : that variations occur naturally , and that natural selection is the main force determining which variations survive and spread .
Darwin ’s commitment to naturalist science has triumphed .
No modern scientist , not even one with deep religious convictions , would today suggest that “ then a miracle happened ” is an acceptable explanation for anything in nature , including the origins , immense variety and constant changes in life on our planet .
This materialist victory in science is one of humanity ’s greatest achievements .
For that reason alone , no matter what his hesitations , delays or prejudices , Charles Darwin deserves to be remembered and honoured by everyone who looks forward to the ending of superstition and ignorance in all aspects of life .
The idea that nature has a history , that species come into existence , change and disappear through natural processes , is just as revolutionary , and just as important to socialist thought , as the idea that capitalism is n’t eternal but came into being at a given time and will one day disappear from the earth .
Darwin the reluctant revolutionary
By Ian Angus
Socialist Resistance --
In 1846 , Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels wrote The German Ideology , the first mature statement of what became known as historical materialism .
This passage was on the second page : “ We know only a single science , the science of history .
One can look at history from two sides and divide it into the history of nature and the history of men .
The two sides are , however , inseparable ; the history of nature and the history of men are dependent on each other so long as men exist .
The history of nature , called natural science , does not concern us here ... ”
At the last minute , they deleted that paragraph from the final draft , deciding not even to mention a subject they had no time to investigate and discuss properly .
What the founders of scientific socialism could n’t have known was that a compelling materialist explanation of the history of nature had already been written by an English gentleman who had no sympathy for socialism .
They could n’t read that account , because the author , Charles Darwin , was so shocked by the implications of his own ideas that he kept them secret for twenty years .
Darwin ’s views on evolution were fully developed by 1838 , and he wrote , then hid away , a 50,000 - word essay on the subject in 1844 .
But he did n’t publish what Marx was to call his “ epoch - making work ” until 1859 .
Darwin ’s insight
Others had speculated about evolution before Charles Darwin , but the dominant view in scientific circles and society at large was that all the different types of plants and animals were created by God , and that the various species were forever fixed .
The few who believed that species had changed over time could n’t explain those changes without resort to the supernatural — that evolution was God ’s long - term plan , or that some force ( God by another name ) caused nature to strive towards perfection .
What made Darwin ’s work unique was not his assertion that evolution was a fact , but his entirely materialist explanation of how all of life ’s wonderful variations and designs had come to be .
He argued that the main factor in evolution is “ natural selection ” , a process that can be summarised simply .
1 . All organisms produce more offspring than can possibly survive .
2 . There are many differences between the individual members of any species .
3 . Variations that increase individuals ’ chances of surviving to reproduce are likely to be passed on to the next generation .
4 . As a result , over long periods of time , such favourable characteristics will spread through the population , while harmful characteristics will decline , so the population as a whole will increasingly be better adapted to its environment .
5 . If part of the population finds itself in a different environment , it will change in different ways , and those diverging changes can eventually lead to the development of separate species .
This simple and elegant concept took the evidence most commonly used to defend creationism — the seemingly perfect design of plants and animals — and explained it by natural processes .
In the words of twentieth century evolutionist Ernst Mayr , Darwin “ replaced theological , or supernatural , science with secular science .
…
Darwin ’s explanation that all things have a natural cause made the belief in a creatively superior mind quite unnecessary . ”
Darwin ’s delay
Darwin ’s theory was entirely materialist at a time when materialism was n’t just unpopular in respectable circles , it was considered subversive and politically dangerous .
Between 1838 and 1848 , while he was working out his ideas , England was swept by an unprecedented wave of mass actions , political protests and strikes .
Radical ideas — materialist , atheistic ideas — were infecting the working class , leading many to expect ( or fear ) revolutionary change .
Darwin was never actively involved in politics , but he was a privileged member of the wealthy middle class and that class was under attack .
As John Bellamy Foster writes , “ Darwin was a strong believer in the bourgeois order .
His science was revolutionary , but Darwin was not . ”
Rather than risk being identified with the radicals , Darwin set evolution aside , and devoted the next years to writing a popular account of his voyage around the world , two scientific books on coral reefs and volcanic islands , and an exhaustive four - volume study of barnacles .
Only in the mid-1850s , when his scientific reputation was assured , and the social turbulence of the 1840s was clearly over , did he return to the subject he is now most famous for .
Even then he would likely have delayed into the next decade had not a younger naturalist , Alfred Russell Wallace , sent him an essay containing ideas virtually identical to his own , in June 1858 .
Pressed by friends to publish first , Darwin set aside “ the big book on species ” he had barely begun , and quickly wrote a much shorter one —
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or , The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life .
It was published in November 1859 .
Brilliantly argued , and written to be understood by non-scientists , Origin was an instant best - seller .
The publisher printed 1250 copies but received orders for 1500 copies on the first day .
A second edition of 3000 copies followed in a few weeks , and four more editions in the next ten years : some 110,000 copies were sold in England alone by the end of the century .
While Darwin ’s ideas were quickly accepted by many scientists , especially younger ones , they were roundly condemned by the scientific establishment and by religious leaders .
Again and again the critics raised two related arguments : that natural selection excluded any role for God ; and , that although Darwin had cautiously avoided the subject , human beings must also be products of natural selection .
Both ideas were blasphemous ; both would undermine the existing social order .
Even among scientists who rejected Biblical literalism and agreed with much of Darwin ’s argument , there were many who insisted that God had to be part of the explanation , as the guiding force of evolution or as the divine source of the human soul and intelligence .
Some used that view to defend their own reactionary and racist prejudices : for example , that God had created blacks and whites as separate species .
Working - class support
The discussion of Darwin ’s book was n’t limited to scientists and clergymen .
At fifteen shillings , several days ’ pay for a skilled craftsman , On the Origin of Species was too expensive to be found in many workers ’ homes , but groups of radical workers in several cities took up collections to buy one copy that could be passed around .
One of Darwin ’s closest collaborators , Thomas Huxley , organized a series of very well - attended public lectures on evolution for working men in London .
In those talks , which were subsequently published as a popular pamphlet , Huxley had no hesitation in defending a key point Darwin only hinted at in Origin , that humans too are a product of natural selection and share common ancestors :
“ there is no evidence whatever for saying that mankind sprang originally from any more than a single pair ; I must say , that I cannot see any good ground whatever , or even any tenable sort of evidence , for believing that there is more than one species of Man . ”
Karl Marx attended several of Huxley ’s lectures and encouraged his political associates to do likewise .
His friend and comrade Wilhelm Liebknecht later recalled that “ when Darwin drew the conclusions from his research work and brought them to the knowledge of the public , we spoke of nothing else for months but Darwin and the enormous significance of his scientific discoveries ” .
Friedrich Engels obtained one of the first 1250 copies of The Origin of Species : he wrote to Marx that it was “ absolutely splendid ” .
Marx agreed , but that did not mean that they were uncritical .
They disliked Darwin ’s “ clumsy English style of argument ” , and ridiculed his positive references to Malthus .
Since they were not themselves biologists , they did n’t take sides in the highly contentious debate on whether natural selection or some other natural process was the principal driver of evolution : in his strong defence of Darwin in Anti-Duhring ( 1877 ) , Engels wrote , and Darwin would surely have agreed :
“ The theory of evolution itself is however still in a very early stage , and it therefore cannot be doubted that further research will greatly modify our present conceptions , including strictly Darwinian ones , of the process of the evolution of species . ”
What he and Marx most admired about Darwin was his demonstration that nature has a history .
Again in Anti-Duhring :
“ Nature works dialectically and not metaphysically … she does not move in the eternal oneness of a perpetually recurring circle , but goes through a real historical evolution .
In this connection , Darwin must be named before all others .
He dealt the metaphysical conception of Nature the heaviest blow by his proof that all organic beings , plants , animals , and man himself , are the products of a process of evolution going on through millions of years . ”
The insight that Marx and Engels had written and then deleted in 1846 — that the history of nature and the history of men are inseparable and dependent on one another — was confirmed by The Origin of Species .
In it they found a materialist explanation of nature ’s history to complement their materialist explanation of human history .
Darwin ’s work was , as Marx wrote in 1861 , “ the basis in natural history for our own view . ”
A triumph for humanity
It is a testimony to Darwin ’s commitment to scientific truth that , once he overcame his reluctance to publish his ideas , he devoted the rest of his life to defending them against some of the most influential opinion leaders of his day .
By the time he died in 1882 , the fact of evolution was almost universally accepted in the scientific community .
Subsequent research has deepened our understanding of evolution — it has also confirmed Darwin ’s conviction that natural selection plays a key role .
Above all , Darwin ’s commitment to materialist explanations of natural phenomena has triumphed .
No modern scientist , not even one with deep religious convictions , would suggest that “ then a miracle happened ” is an acceptable explanation for any natural phenomenon , including the origins , immense variety and constantly changing nature of life on our planet .
This materialist victory in science is one of humanity ’s greatest achievements .
For that reason alone , no matter what his hesitations , delays or middle class prejudices , Charles Darwin deserves to be remembered and honoured by everyone who looks forward to the ending of superstition and ignorance in all aspects of life .
The idea that “ nature does not just exist , but comes into being and passes away ” ( Engels ) is just as revolutionary , and just as important to socialist thought , as the idea that capitalism does n’t just exist , but came into being at a given time , and it too will pass away in the future .
Suggestions for further reading .
The best short overview of Darwin ’s life and ideas is A Brief Guide to Charles Darwin , His Life and Times , by Cyril Aydon ( Constable & Robinson , 2002 ) .
, by Cyril Aydon ( Constable & Robinson , 2002 ) .
Chapter six of John Bellamy Foster ’s Marx ’s Ecology : Materialism and Nature ( Monthly Review 2000 ) is essential reading on the relationship between Marxism and Darwinism .
( Monthly Review 2000 ) is essential reading on the relationship between Marxism and Darwinism .
John Bellamy Foster ’s latest book , Critique of Intelligent Design : Materialism versus Creationism from Antiquity to the Present , was not yet available when I wrote this article , but having read his previous works , I have no hesitation in recommending it .
, was not yet available when I wrote this article , but having read his previous works , I have no hesitation in recommending it .
Ernst Mayr ’s What Evolution Is ( Basic Books , 2001 ) is n’t light reading , but it is a superb presentation of modern evolutionary theory for non-scientists .
( Basic Books , 2001 ) is n’t light reading , but it is a superb presentation of modern evolutionary theory for non-scientists .
Finally , Charles Darwin’s
The Origin of Species may be the only great work of science that is also a work of literature .
The Penguin edition includes a good introduction by historian J.W. Burrow , and is widely available .
[ Ian Angus is an associate editor of Socialist Voice and editor of the online journal Climate and Capitalism .
He is currently writing a book on Darwin and materialism . ]
There was a very interesting pair of articles over the weekend on the New York Times by Michael Lewis and David Einhorn called How to Repair a Broken Financial World .
I agree with much of what they have to say .
Here are a few snips from the article describing some of the things the Fed , Treasury , and SEC have done wrong .
The Federal Reserve and the Treasury have already accepted , on behalf of the taxpayer , just about all of the downside risk of owning the bigger financial firms .
The Treasury and the Federal Reserve would both no doubt argue that if you do n’t prop up these banks you risk an enormous credit contraction — if they are n’t in business who will be left to lend money ?
But something like the reverse seems more true : propping up failed banks and extending them huge amounts of credit has made business more difficult for the people and companies that had nothing to do with creating the mess .
Perfectly solvent companies are being squeezed out of business by their creditors precisely because they are not in the Treasury ’s fold .
With so much lending effectively federally guaranteed , lenders are fleeing anything that is not .
Rather than tackle the source of the problem , the people running the bailout desperately want to reinflate the credit bubble , prop up the stock market and head off a recession .
Their efforts are clearly failing : 2008 was a historically bad year for the stock market , and we ’ll be in recession for some time to come .
Our leaders have framed the problem as a “ crisis of confidence ” but what they actually seem to mean is “ please pay no attention to the problems we are failing to address . ”
In its latest push to compel confidence , for instance , the authorities are placing enormous pressure on the Financial Accounting Standards Board to suspend “ mark - to - market ” accounting .
Basically , this means that the banks will not have to account for the actual value of the assets on their books but can claim instead that they are worth whatever they paid for them .
This will have the double effect of reducing transparency and increasing self - delusion ( gorge yourself for months , but refuse to step on a scale , and maybe no one will realize you gained weight ) .
And it will fool no one .
When you shout at people “ be confident , ” you should n’t expect them to be anything but terrified .
There are also a handful of other perfectly obvious changes in the financial system to be made , to prevent some version of what has happened from happening all over again .
A short list :
Stop making big regulatory decisions with long - term consequences based on their short - term effect on stock prices .
Stock prices go up and down : let them .
End the official status of the rating agencies .
Given their performance it ’s hard to believe credit rating agencies are still around .
There ’s no question that the world is worse off for the existence of companies like Moody ’s and Standard & Poor’s .
There should be a rule against issuers paying for ratings .
Either investors should pay for them privately or , if public ratings are deemed essential , they should be publicly provided .
Fed 's Yellen supports " experimental approaches "
Watching The Thing taught me two very important life lessons .
The first of these is that I want to spend as little time as possible in Antarctica .
The other is that Norwegians cannot be trusted and should be burned wherever possible .
One of our forum goons by the name of Tsaven Nava was unfortunate enough to find himself shipped out to the Antartic for work , presumably as some kind of cruel punishment .
He somehow survived his harrowing ordeal of being paid to sit in a well - heated bunker with a constant supply of food and Nintendo Wii games , and invited other goons to ask him questions about his time stationed in the middle of nowhere .
Here 's how things turned out .
Ah , Antarctica .
The seventh continent that many people end up forgetting about , because 99 % of it is a frozen , barren , uninhabitable wasteland of ice and snow .
Nothing lives there besides some penguins , and some fucked - up people who are unable to function in the real world .
And for part of the year , I call it home .
I do contract work for the USAP , the United States Antarctic Program .
The USAP operates three year - round bases in Antarctica ; McMurdo , Palmer , and South Pole , and numerous temporary / semi-permanent camps during the summer months ( October - February ) .
I spent the 2008 winter ( April - October ) working at Palmer Station , and will be heading to either McMurdo or the South Pole sometime in October -ish of 2009 .
Palmer Station is about 700 miles south of the South America .
Palmer is the smallest , and warmest of the three US stations .
Maximum population capacity is just 44 people , whereas McMurdo ( on the cost due south of New Zealand ) can hold up to 1200 people , and South Pole can hold around 270 .
The purpose of all human establishments in Antarctica is scientific research , although there is a little bit of political dick - waving involved .
Palmer , where I worked , focuses mostly on marine biology research ;
It was built where it is specifically because it's in a relative hotbed of wildlife .
Three types of penguins have their rookeries there , as well as many , many seals , whales , and flighted seabirds .
Q : What job do you do there and how did you get it ?
Do you have a bachelor 's degree or anything beyond that ?
A : Education ?
Are you kidding ?
I barely graduated high school .
My official title was " Carpenter 's Assistant " , but on a place as small as Palmer ( 44 people maximum , we had around 30 most of the winter ) , my actual roll was more of a " Station Bitch " .
The more horrible , unpleasant , smelly , cold , wet , and generally horrible a task was , the more likely I was to be the one doing it .
I will say , though , that I might have had the best jobs on station , because I was doing different things every day .
Sure , it was n't a cushy job ; I shovelled a lot of snow , and spent many hours crawling under the buildings whenever something broke , but at the end of the day , I think I got a much more authentic Antarctic experience then our network engineer might have .
Do n't get me wrong , the job sucked .
But it sucked in a way that is awesome .
Q : What are your living arrangements like ?
A : Dorm -style , bunkbeds in a room roughly ten feet by seven feet , with communal bathrooms .
And yeah , most of the time people have room mates .
Who gets the better rooms , and who has to have room mates is determined by " Ice - Time " , the number of months a person has spent " on the ice " .
The people with more ice - time get the better rooms and are first in line to loose a room mate if the population drops low enough that people can get their own rooms .
Being that I was a fingie ( FNG , Fucking New Guy ) , I had a room mate about half the time I was there , but when the station population dropped below 30 - ish , I got my own room .
We had a bunch of couples on station for the last winter , which helped with the housing situation , as they 'd room together even if they both have tons of ice time .
Room - mate from hell does happen , but fortunately , not that frequently .
And usually , while the suck at the time , the result in funny stories later once the situation is over .
We had this one guy on station for only a month ( fire systems tech ) , who snored like holy shit , and our mechanic was unlucky enough to get him as a room mate .
Our mechanic ended up setting up a tent out in the hills behind the station , and lived there for almost a month until he could have his own room again .
Q : You spent the winter there , meaning permanent darkness I assume ?
What was that like ?
Was the depression rate higher than usually ?
A : Actually , Palmer Station is far enough north that we never got total darkness .
At Mid-Winter 's Day , June 20th I think , we had a couple hours of twilight .
Technically , the sun did get a few degrees above the horizon , but it 's behind the glacier , so the station says in shadow .
I think sunrise was at 11:30 am and sunset at 1 pm that day .
But for about three weeks on either side of the solstice , we never got direct sunlight , as the sun was n't high enough in the sky to peak over the glacier .
Depression is n't a problem , at least it was n't when I was there , but we had a great crew .
You 're working enough that you do n't have a whole lot of time to get lost in your own head , but the work pace during the winter is relaxed enough that if it 's clear someone is getting burned out , they 'll give 'em a day off or two just to go camping or whatever , to clear their head .
Craziness is more of a problem then depression .
It 's called " Getting toasty " , or if you are crazy , you 're " toast " .
It 's sort of an extreme version of cabin fever , and eventually it strikes everyone in some form .
The DMSP satellite is still operating , but the SSM / I sensor is not
Regular readers will recall that on Feb 16th I blogged about this graph of arctic sea ice posted on the National Snow and Ice Data Center sea ice news page .
The downward jump in the blue line was abrupt and puzzling .
Click for larger image
Today NSIDC announced they had discovered the reason why .
The sensor on the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program ( DMSP ) satellite they use had degraded and now apparently failed to the point of being unusable .
Compounding the bad news they discovered it had been in slow decline for almost two months , which caused a bias in the arctic sea ice data that underestimated the total sea ice by 500,000 square kilometers .
This will likely affect the January NSIDC sea ice totals .
Figure 1 . High - resolution image Daily Arctic sea ice extent map for February 15 , 2009 , showed areas of open water which should have appeared as sea ice .
Sea Ice Index data .
About the data .
Please note that our daily sea ice images , derived from microwave measurements , may show spurious pixels in areas where sea ice may not be present .
These artifacts are generally caused by coastline effects , or less commonly by severe weather .
Scientists use masks to minimize the number of “ noise ” pixels , based on long - term extent patterns .
Noise is largely eliminated in the process of generating monthly averages , our standard measurement for analyzing interannual trends .
Data derived from Sea Ice Index data set .
— Credit : National Snow and Ice Data Center
Figure 2 . High - resolution image Daily total Arctic sea ice extent between 1 December 2008 and 12 February 2009 for Special Sensor Microwave / Imager SSM / I compared to the similar NASA Earth Observing System Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer ( EOS AMSR-E ) sensor .
— Credit : National Snow and Ice Data Center Dr. Walt Meier of NSIDC had planned to do a guest post here on WUWT , but this evening , with the magnitude of the problem looming , he ’s asked to defer that post until later .
I certainly can’t fault him for that .
He ’s got his hands full .
Hopefully they have a contingency plan in place for loss of the sensor / space platform .
I applaud NSIDC for recognizing the problem and posting a complete and detailed summary today .
I ’ve resposted it below in its entirety .
Note that this wo n’t affect other ice monitoring programs that use the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer ( EOS AMSR-E ) sensor , which is on an entirely different platform , the AQUA satellite .
UPDATE : 2/19 Walt Meier writes with a clarification : “ One detail , though perhaps an important [ one ] .
I realize that it is bit confusing , but it is just one channel of the sensor that has issues .
And it is n’t so much that it “ failed ” , but that quality degraded to the point the sea ice algorithm – the process to convert the raw data into sea ice concentration / extent – failed on Monday . ” – Anthony
From NSIDC Sea Ice News :
As some of our readers have already noticed , there was a significant problem with the daily sea ice data images on February 16 .
The problem arose from a malfunction of the satellite sensor we use for our daily sea ice products .
Upon further investigation , we discovered that starting around early January , an error known as sensor drift caused a slowly growing underestimation of Arctic sea ice extent .
The underestimation reached approximately 500,000 square kilometers ( 193,000 square miles ) by mid-February .
Sensor drift , although infrequent , does occasionally occur and it is one of the things that we account for during quality control measures prior to archiving the data .
See below for more details .
We have removed the most recent data and are investigating alternative data sources that will provide correct results .
It is not clear when we will have data back online , but we are working to resolve the issue as quickly as possible .
Where does NSIDC get its data ?
NSIDC gets sea ice information by applying algorithms to data from a series of Special Sensor Microwave / Imager ( SSM / I ) sensors on Defense Meteorological Satellite Program ( DMSP ) satellites .
These satellites are operated by the U.S. Department of Defense .
Their primary mission is support of U.S. military operations ; the data were n’t originally intended for general science use .
The daily updates in Arctic Sea Ice News & Analysis rely on rapid acquisition and processing of the SSM / I data .
Because the acquisition and processing are done in near - real time , we publish the daily data essentially as is .
The data are then archived and later subjected to very strict quality control .
We perform quality control measures in coordination with scientists at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center , which can take up to a year .
High - quality archives from SSM / I , combined with data from the earlier Scanning Multi- channel Microwave Radiometer ( SMMR ) data stream ( 1979 –1987 ) provide a consistent record of sea ice conditions now spanning 30 years .
Data error sources
As discussed above , near - real - time products do not undergo the same level of quality control as the final archived products , which are used in scientific research published in peer - reviewed journals .
However , the SSM / I sensors have proven themselves to be generally quite stable .
Thus , it is reasonable to use the near - real - time products for displaying evolving ice conditions , with the caveat that errors may nevertheless occur .
Sometimes errors are dramatic and obvious .
Other errors , such as the recent sensor drift , may be subtler and not immediately apparent .
We caution users of the near - real - time products that any conclusions from such data must be preliminary .
We believe that the potential problems are outweighed by the scientific value of providing timely assessments of current Arctic sea ice conditions , as long as they are presented with appropriate caveats , which we try to do .
For several years , we used the SSM / I sensor on the DMSP F13 satellite .
Last year , F13 started showing large amounts of missing data .
The sensor was almost 13 years old , and no longer provided complete daily data to allow us to track total daily sea ice extent .
As a result , we switched to the DMSP F15 sensor for our near - real - time analysis .
For more information on the switch , see “ Note on satellite update and intercalibration , ” in our June 3 , 2008 post .
On February 16 , 2009 , as emails came in from puzzled readers , it became clear that there was a significant problem — sea - ice - covered regions were showing up as open ocean .
The problem stemmed from a failure of the sea ice algorithm caused by degradation of one of the DMSP F15 sensor channels .
Upon further investigation , we found that data quality had begun to degrade over the month preceding the catastrophic failure .
As a result , our processes underestimated total sea ice extent for the affected period .
Based on comparisons with sea ice extent derived from the NASA Earth Observing System Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer ( EOS AMSR-E ) sensor , this underestimation grew from a negligible amount in early January to about 500,000 square kilometers ( 193,000 square miles ) by mid-February ( Figure 2 ) .
While dramatic , the underestimated values were not outside of expected variability until Monday , February 16 .
Although we believe that data prior to early January are reliable , we will conduct a full quality check in the coming days .
Sensor drift is a perfect but unfortunate example of the problems encountered in near - real - time analysis .
We stress , however , that this error in no way changes the scientific conclusions about the long - term decline of Arctic sea ice , which is based on the the consistent , quality - controlled data archive discussed above .
We are actively investigating how to address the problem .
Since we are not receiving good DMSP SSM / I data at the present time , we have temporarily discontinued daily updates .
We will restart the data stream as soon as possible .
Some people might ask why we do n’t simply switch to the EOS AMSR - E sensor .
AMSR -E is a newer and more accurate passive microwave sensor .
However , we do not use AMSR - E data in our analysis because it is not consistent with our historical data .
Thus , while AMSR - E gives us greater accuracy and more confidence on current sea ice conditions , it actually provides less accuracy on the long - term changes over the past thirty years .
There is a balance between being as accurate as possible at any given moment and being as consistent as possible through long time periods .
Our main scientific focus is on the long - term changes in Arctic sea ice .
With that in mind , we have chosen to continue using the SSM / I sensor , which provides the longest record of Arctic sea ice extent .
For more information on the NSIDC sea ice data , see the following resources on the NSIDC Web site :
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Did you know that a ‘ Mountain Goat ’ is n’t even a true goat ?
A combination of spreadable hooves , traction - providing pads and dewclaws ( vestigial claws up behind their hooves ) help them climb surfaces that would seem difficult even to the most sure - footed primate .
We are so used to seeing larved , hooved , four - legged mammals walk heavily on the ground that watching one touch the sky is nothing short of awe - inspiring .
( Images via eickholt and wildphotons )
So why do they climb ?
Well , in some cases they get off the ground to escape predators .
In others , they are simply seeking out a salt or mineral lick which may occupy them for hours once found – even at dizzying heights while a goat is perched in an impossibly precarious position as shown above .
Kids ( baby mountain goats ) climb within hours of birth , though their parents often perch below to catch them just in case .
( Images via couse , keenan and pbase )
At up to 300 pounds per goat these creatures are all the more uncanny for their ability to carry such great weights up slopes as steep as 60 degrees or steeper .
If that does not sound terribly steep , take out a measuring device and try climbing up something that steep yourself !
Even at altitude the weather rarely seems to bother mountain goats – they can withstand up to - 50 degree temperatures and winds of over 100 miles per hour .
Even with their formidable defenseive mechanisms , however , Mountain Goats are not immune to falls – or to predators .
The Golden Eagle poses a significant threat to smaller mountain goats in particular .
They can be forced off an edge or even carried away in their entirety .
This video ( from which the above screenshots were captured as stills ) shows an amazed goat being quickly overwhelmed by a self - assured aerial predator .
Of course the ( misnamed ) Mountain Goat is not the only fascinating goat in the world .
Tree Climbing Goats are likewise uncanny climbers that can scale the slimmest and most elastic of tree branches in search of food .
Fainting Goats are a relatively recently discovered breed of goat that faint and fall over at the slightest sound .
Finally , let ’s not forget the six - horned goat – well , at least according to a chinese newspaper .
Blackpowder , bowling balls and sewer pipe !
One Fine September Morning ...
10-21-03 : Updated for all of those visiting from Fark , Slashdot and [ H ] ardocp among others .
I had no idea this page would be so popular when I posted it last year , but as long as you 're here , feel free to have a look around .
I 've added a sort of FAQ at the bottom , in reply to the many E - mails I 've received to date .
Ah , serendipity .
Being in the right place at the right time .
As it happened , this fine and sunny September Sunday morning found me and a few others at the local gun range , sighting in - or trying to - some rifles .
Some were cooperating , some were n't .
A normal outing to the range , really ...
Until this fellow pulls up and starts unloading a big 'ol hunk o' pipe .
I thought he was going to bury it as a new target stand or something .... ' til I saw the Bowling Balls .
It could only be what some call a " punt " mortar !
I 'd seen similar handmade ones on the ' net and in magazines ... naturally , we all completely forgot about our own rifles for the moment .
The Gun Range is a nice place - raised , covered shooting line , plenty of tables , well - kept grounds .
The first line of targets is at 100 yards , with small berms and pipe target stands at 200 , 300 and 400 yards as well , plus a trail / road to drive up to 'em if you need to .
And at 500 yards , right at the base of the stand of trees off in the distance , is a full - size steel cutout of a moose , painted day - glo orange .
Above , the guy with the mortar is pouring in some three ounces of Fg ( coarse ) Pyrodex black powder ...
This thing is huge !
Probably weighing some 150 pounds , half - inch - nominal wall pipe with a massive two - inch - thick breechblock welded on one end .
The touchhole or fuse passage leads to a small " chamber " in the center that holds the powder in a single spot , rather than letting it cover the whole 8.5 " bore .
Crude , yes , but it works .
The owner is reluctant to do any additional welding on the pipe , for fear of making a weak or brittle spot , so he just stacks up whatever 's handy to hold it , oh , ' bout there or so .
This thing 's so cool I want to make the guy some adjustable legs like the old 4.2 " Chemical Mortar had ....
Three ounces of Pyrodex , an old garage - sale - special bowling ball , an old chair and some sewer pipe ...
Fire in the hole !
He 's not running , but he ain't dawdling either !
Let 's see , the fuse burns at about one minute per foot , there 's about six inches there ... dum da dum ... carry the three ...
HOLY FREAKING BATTLESHIP MISSOURI !
By the time the shutter snapped , the ball was , in relation to this picture on your screen , about six monitors up and climbing .
It was whistling .
I lost track of it since I was trying to get the picture , but the guys say it cleared the treeline by probably another hundred yards .
Let 's do that AGAIN !
Rod out the fuse hole , make sure there are n't any errant embers , pull the mortar up out of the divot it created , weigh out another charge of powder , another bowling ball ...
This time I was watching downrange with the camera pointing at the cannon ...
Holy Creeping God , ladies and gentlemen !
That ball was screaming out of there !
I 'd wager it landed over 600 yards downrange .
I should have brought out my Radar Chrony .
I 'd guess that ball was n't moving over 700 fps , possibly as low as 400 fps , but jeez , think of the mass !
That ball 's what , eight to ten pounds ?!?
What 's the Hatcher 's Index of a projectile weighing fifty - thousand grains moving at 400 fps ?
" Body armor " against this thing is eight feet of dirt over a concrete bunker !
Think Grandpas ' old thirty - thirty is a kicker ?
How about a hundred - plus - pound gun that pushes itself into the dirt six to eight inches each time it goes off ?
This is not a shoulder arm .
After all four balls were expended , we helped load it back in the guy 's car .
I noted that there were some divots from earlier shoots ... he said he gathers up old balls whenever he can find 'em , then when he has a few , on a nice day he 'll come out and blow 'em downrange .
Says it always draws a crowd .
I said " so there 's already a few balls out there in the swamp , eh ? "
" Oh , more than a few , yeah . "
He says he also has a short cannon that takes small tomato - sauce cans and another mortar that takes soda cans .
The soda cans , it seems , do n't hold together well - the force of firing blows the can off the concrete fill , which then blows up in the air .
Besides , he says , NOTHING beats seeing that bowling ball howl downrange as far as the eye can see .
I agree . :)
The pictures do n't do this justice ; this is something every Tinker or gadget freak should see in person at least once in their life .
Doc's Mortar Page FAQ :
Q : Come on , this can't be legal .
A : Actually , it is .
The laws vary by state , of course , but generally speaking , if it 's a smoothbore , loads from the muzzle , and fires blackpowder and not in a self - contained metallic cartridge , it 's legally classified as an " antique " and is not subject to the usual regulations concerning firearms .
( Check your local laws before trying this ! )
Q : Is that yours ?
A : No .
I just happened to be at the range and have my camera with me when the owner showed up .
Q : That 's cool , but you should have gotten some video !
A : If my camera were capable of it , I would have .
I was lucky to even have had it with me .
However , I have a sort of " open invitation " with the owner : if I bring the ammo , he 'll bring the pipe and powder .
I have four old balls already , when I have six or seven , we 'll make a day of it , with digital video , faster cameras , and maybe a chronograph .
Q : Will you build me one ?
Or , can you tell me how to build one myself ?
A : No , and no .
First off , I did n't build it , so I do n't know the specs .
Second , unless you lived in Alaska , shipping a 150 - pound section of pipe will get pretty expensive .
I do know the pipe they used is extra- heavy - duty , and the fellow that did the breechplate welding is a 20 + year professional pipe welder experienced in heavy industrial refinery process plumbing .
If your welds can't pass an X - ray inspection , do n't try it yourself .
Q : Okay , do you know anyone who can make me one ?
A : Sure . Give Dave a call at Alconda Machine .
He helped build the original , and has built several smaller versions .
In addition , he also has some fantastic cut brass ornaments and built an amazing aluminum - bodied electric guitar .
Have a look , and be sure to tell him Doc sent you .
Q : So why is it just stacked up on an old chair ?
A : At the time , the owner was reluctant to do any additional welding to the pipe , for fear of making a weak or brittle spot .
At this shoot , I suggested he make some legs , but ones that clamp on , rather than being welded on .
I 'm told that he has been working on just that , using a set of old 4.2 " Chemical mortar legs he found on Ebay .
By admin - Posted on January 15th , 2009
Tagged :
Houston , Texas , June 28 , 2009 -- Somali pirates hijacked and have taken control of the International Space Station , sources announced yesterday .
The pirates , who approached the vessel using small , inflatable spacerafts , are demanding a ransom " in excess of ten million dollars " , according to Dr. Julius Vern , vice - administrator of NASA 's International Space Station program , or they will destroy the vessel .
" We believe the pirates achieved access through the Harmony module after penetrating the ISS hatch security barrier , " Dr. Vern said .
The hatch security barrier , a Hide - a - key in the form of a small , ornate , artificial flowering shrub tethered just outside and to the left of the hatch , would be " revisited " in search of potential flaws following the incursion , according to Dr. Vern .
NASA said the current staff of the International Space Station , a six - member crew who are tasked with performing a four - month series of experiments on the effects of micro-gravity on the formation of sponge cake , were unharmed after taking shelter from the hijackers in high - security Kevlar sleeping bags .
The pirates are believed to be members of a Puntland - based warlord faction in northern Somalia , where recent satellite tracking shows a series of explosions indicative of inflatable spaceraft launch activities .
Due to the international nature of the International Space Station , response to the pirates ' demands must be multi-lateral , leading to some cross - border rancor .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has urged the " immediately blowing up of the station and everybody on the inside of it " as a lesson to the pirates , while Canada , another important ISS collaborator , advocates a more nuanced approach that would preserve the multi-billion dollar investment in the station , as well as the lives of the astronauts on board .
An additional wrinkle in the ongoing crisis is a demand by the pirates for safe passage back to Earth , given that their spacerafts were destroyed by a meteor shower just hours after docking .
With the Space Shuttle program currently in phase - out mode , there are no missions scheduled that could provide sufficient passenger for the estimated nine pirates to be ferried back .
The only viable alternative , a Russian Soyuz rocket , has been discounted as an option by Putin .
" At the moment , we do n't know how this is going to end , " Dr. Vern said .
" We 'll just have to ask our mission specialists to ' hang in there ' , and hope the Somali pirates do n't eat the sponge cake . "
By Ion Zwitter , Avant News Editor
A six - year - old who recently stole his parents ' car and drove it into a utility pole has passed the buck onto a familiar scapegoat : the video game , Grand Theft Auto .
Rockstar Games ' controversial Grand Theft Auto video game series has been accused of many things in the past .
Its violent gameplay , including car heists , bank heists , beatings , shootings , and absentee law enforcement , has been criticized by parent groups and crusaders ( or in the eyes of gamers , nincompoops ) like former lawyer Jack Thompson for years ( Thompson once tried to link the Virginia Tech slayings to late - night Counterstrike sessions .
He 's since been disbarred ) .
However , not as of yet has anyone under the age of , oh , ten , blamed the game for a car theft .
Perhaps that should be clarified .
The six - year - old Virginia tyke did n't actually blame Grand Theft Auto for the car heist , but did tell authorities afterwards that the game taught him how to drive .
Early Monday morning , the little guy hopped into his parents '
Ford Taurus instead of taking the big yellow bus , and managed to drive it a surprising six miles before slipping over an embankment into a utility pole not far from school .
According to reports , he passed several cars , made a pair of ninety - degree turns , and generally drove just as people do in the game .
( Source : g4tv.com )
Thankfully , the boy emerged from the incident with just a few scratches and actually resumed his journey to school on foot after the accident took place .
In all likelihood , the video game , the Taurus , and the child 's parents will take the brunt of the punishment in the wake of this event .
Although the parents have been charged with child endangerment ( the tot swiped the keys while his mother slept ) , the story is making headlines because of its association with the game .
( Source : gamespot.com )
Here 's hoping that the parents who allowed a child to see ( let alone play ) Grand Theft Auto will attract more attention that the award - winning video game ( which anyone will admit , should only be played by adults ) .
That might just be the case -- the boy and his four - year - old brother have since been placed in protective custody .
A passionate techie , Bill Gates changed the world while leading Microsoft to dizzying success .
Now he 's doing it again through his global philanthropic work that strives to reduce inequity everywhere .
Why you should listen
Bill Gates is cochair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
In 1975 , he founded Microsoft with Paul Allen .
A geek icon , tech visionary and business trailblazer , Gates led the company to become the worldwide leader in business and personal software and services .
In 2008 , Gates transitioned from his day - to - day role with Microsoft to focus full - time on his foundation ’s work to expand opportunity to the world ’s most disadvantaged people .
Along with cochair Melinda Gates , he leads the foundation ’s strategic development and sets the overall direction of the organization .
Holding that all lives have equal value no matter where they 're being lived , the foundation has donated staggering sums to HIV / AIDS programs , libraries , agriculture research and disaster relief -- and offered vital guidance and creative funding to programs in global health and education .
Together with Warren Buffett , the Gateses founded the Giving Pledge , an effort to encourage the wealthiest families and individuals to publicly commit more than half their wealth to philanthropic causes and charitable organizations either during their lifetime or in their will .
In 2015 , Gates created the Breakthrough Energy Coalition , a group of individuals and entities committed to clean energy innovation , followed by Breakthrough Energy Ventures , an investor - led fund that provides patient capital to support cutting - edge clean energy companies .
Follow Gates 's ongoing thinking on his personal website , The Gates Notes , and read a collection of Bill and Melinda Gates 's annual letters , where they take stock of the Gates Foundation and the world .
Happstack is both a fork and a rename :)
But it is not a fork in the traditional sense -- the original code in Lemmih 's words ( the only active developer left ) is orphaned .
So even though we are forking the code base to a new repository under the name " Happstack " , the original project is not being worked on so it is more of a direction change than a fork .
The previous developers tapered off over the last year and the only one left is Lemmih .
I started out by submitting a couple of patches -- nothing fancy -- just some code to cleanup some warnings .
The patch was n't being accepted in a timely fashion , so I asked Lemmih , and he basically said that the code is not being actively developed , and that he only applies patches in his free time .
His free time is n't in abundance either because he is actively developing on the LHC project ( a haskell compiler that focuses on cross- module optimization ) .
I am taking over because the project has lost its momentum and vision .
Alex Jacobson got burnt out at one point and just sort of faded away from being involved .
I want to renew the spirits of the community , and focus on tangible , achievable goals .
I really think that the HAppS has a chance because it is so different from any other frameworks out there and I do n't want that ingenious flame to die .
My name is Matthew Elder , I have dabbled in many different programming languages , but in the past specialized in Ruby .
I started in functional programming about a year ago and have n't looked back to the mutable - state world since :)
One significant thing I have done in the past is to migrate a small company of php programmers in India from using zip files passed around via instant message to using mercurial across the board for all their projects .
For those that are n't familiar with Mercurial it is a distributed SCM similar to darcs .
It was challenging because of the language barriers , the culture , and the learning curve -- but in the end I was successful in teaching pragmatic techniques in version control .
I do n't claim to be any sort of Haskell wizard but I am very much a believer in the open source movement and having studied the culture for a number of years now feel that I am the right man for this job :)
Happstack , formerly known as HAppS , is a Haskell applications server stack for web apps .
It 's main killer feature is that it saves your persistent data in it's own typesafe and ACID guaranteed data store .
It supports multimaster replication for redundancy and in the near future will support sharding for scalability .
The idea is that since you do n't have to worry about data marshalling from an sql system , that many parts of the application become much easier to compose and distribute ( the data types follow the same rules and style as the Haskell code itself ) .
I would say that the MACID datastore is n't intended to fulfill all kinds of storage needs .
It is highly optimized for performance of retrieval without the need for increased complexity by using systems such as memcached , for instance .
Also , I think it is important to note that reduced complexity and less code means that you will need less labor overall .
For a programmer who makes 2OOO dollars per month I can instead rent 20 dedicated server nodes which should address any scalability problems that macid might encounter .
The MACID data system .
Your code is your data , no leaky abstractions , no sql exceptions , everything is handled in the haskell system .
Yes , in the future we plan to support dynamic code loading ( using the ghc api ) and also in general we are taking the direction of more documentation and tools to make the end - users life easier .
The other substantive change is that we plan to have a fully operational sharding implementation in a few releases .
This was originally planned in HAppS but was never completed .
Sharding allows you to scale your in - memory data greater than a single nodes ' capacity .
Amazon can do without MACID , but they also have a large team of engineers responsible for overseeing this architecture .
Various engineers have to oversee the database administration and even more engineers have to code to take advantage of this massively scaleable architecture .
Happstack aims to provide scalability benefits similar to amazon but with less effort .
HAppS development has been all but stopped for almost a year ( as have my posts about it ) .
Recently Matthew Elder took up the flag with a new project called Happstack .
I thought this would be a good time to catch up with Matthew and find out why he is doing this and where he is going with it .
So without further ado , here is Matthew Elder on Happstack .
Is Happstack a fork or a rename ?
Why are you trying to take over ?
What happened to the previous developers ?
Who are you , what is your experience , and why should I feel you are the right person to take the HAppS reins ?
Some of this information is already out there , but can you give us a high - level summary of what HAppS is in plain English ?
The common criticism of using the type system for your data store is that your state size is limited to what you can fit in RAM .
Obviously sharding reduces this problem by adding more machines .
But what would you say to the critic who argues that you 're unnecessarily increasing the cost of scaling your site by limiting yourself to costly RAM and ignoring the much cheaper disk storage ?
What differentiates HAppS ( and Happstack ) from other frameworks ?
Are you making any substantive technical changes to the project 's direction ?
If Amazon can do without MACID , why does HAppS place such emphasis on it ?
Have you gone shopping for hospital scrubs lately ?
You 'll be amazed by the variety available .
Pulse Uniform carries a generous selection of uniforms in all designs and sizes , from maternity to athletic - wear - inspired scrubs and everything in between .
We 're dedicated to helping you look , feel and perform your best every minute you 're on the clock .
We stand behind that with an assortment of tops , pants and accessories suitable to every style .
Get started shopping today , with hospital scrubs for sale from XXS to 5XL .
Hospital scrubs range from traditional white and ceil blue to new yoga - style scrub pants and tops that leave your wardrobe feeling fresh and fun .
They 're infused with the latest features helpful in improving performance as well .
Take advantage of our affordable options and update your work attire with our discounted hospital :
Scrub pants
Tops
Jackets
Get the latest in healthcare uniform features with garments made by the industry 's top brands including :
Cherokee
Landau
Barco
Adar
At Pulse Uniform , you 'll find durable , comfortable work wear capable of withstanding the harsh demands of your job .
You need work outfits as tough as you are , so focus on high - quality items you know will have lasting value .
Take a look at our specialty fabric blends capable of resisting stains .
Working in a hospital setting , you deal with spills every day .
Ensure those stains wash out quickly and leave you with a vibrant solid or print pattern that is n't quick to fade .
We also offer flexible , breathable fabrics perfect for high - intensity jobs .
With all the pushing , pulling and bending healthcare workers do , you need scrubs that can easily move along with you .
When searching for the best hospital scrubs for sale , do n't forget to include a bit of your personality .
That 's easier than ever with the wide range of colors and cuts available .
Take advantage of our high - quality work clothes and our low discount prices when you shop with Pulse Uniform .
Posted Jan 15 , 2009
Intro to MySQL Proxy
By Sean Hull
Introduction
A proxy is a person who performs legal duties in another persons stead .
In technology , a web - proxy can provide anonymity , making your web surfing appear to originate from your proxy 's location .
Proxies are also used to cache data between a client browser , and the actual web server hosting data .
Given all of that , it 's no surprise that the concept of a proxy has made its way into the database arena .
The MySQL Proxy , by Jan Kneschke sits between your application and your MySQL database .
As an example , when you fire up your mysql client , you by default connect to port 3306 .
By starting up the mysql - proxy daemon , and then connecting your client to 4040 , all SQL queries will pass through the proxy first .
As those queries pass in transit , we can do a lot of useful things .
We might time those queries , or redirect them somewhere else .
Or we might rewrite them in some way .
Further on , we 'll discuss the myriad of uses for this technology .
Installing
a. download binaries
The first thing you 'll need to do is get hold of a copy of the software .
You can build from source , but you should n't need to .
Grab a binary distro for your platform , and fire it up from the installed folder .
We do n't recommend installing it system - wide , as this software is still in alpha at the time of this writing .
Here 's the download page : http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql-proxy/index.html
b. starting mysql-proxy
To run the daemon , issue the following command : $ sbin/ mysql-proxy -- proxy-lua- script=share/tutorial-basic.lua &
c. connecting with mysql client
Now fire up your usual mysql client .
Be sure to specify the port , so you do n't connect directly to the mysql server itself : $ mysql --host=localhost --port=4040 -u root -p
What 's happening here ?
Well we 're just playing a fancy game of man - in - the - middle .
Instead of telling our mysql client to connect to a mysqld database server , we 're telling it to connect to the proxy instead .
The proxy in turn will connect to the database server for us .
So all traffic that our client would have sent to the database server for execution , gets passed through are proxy instead .
Thus our proxy can play with that stream of traffic , and manipulate it in various ways .
Examples
Understanding and writing lua scripts are the key to customizing the mysql - proxy .
Although it may be a bit of an obscure programming language , its lightweight and compact nature make it perfect for a low impact man - in - the - middle technology like the MySQL - proxy .
The distributions come with a number of example lua scripts for you to sharpen your teeth on .
Here 's another example from Giuseppe Maxia which prints out the various hooks you can use in your scripts .
You can find more from Giuseppe here :
http://forge.mysql.com/tools/tool.php?id=109
-- all - hooks.lua local access_ndx = 0 function read_auth ( auth ) print_access ( ' inside read_auth ') end function connect_server ( ) print_access ( ' inside connect_server ' ) end function read_handshake ( auth ) print_access ( ' inside read_handshake ' ) end function read_auth_result ( auth ) print_access ( ' inside read_auth_result ' ) end function disconnect_client ( ) print_access ( ' inside disconnect_client ' ) end function read_query ( packet ) print_access ( ' inside read_query \t ' .. packet : sub ( 2 ) ) proxy.queries : append ( 1 , packet ) return proxy .
PROXY_SEND_QUERY
end function read_query_result ( inj ) print_access ( ' inside read_query_result \t ' .. inj.query ) end function print_access ( msg ) access_ndx = access_ndx + 1 print ( string.format(' %3d %-30s ',access_ndx,msg ) )
end
You 'll also find Giuseppe 's blog is full of useful information :
http://datacharmer.blogspot.com/
Here 's another from the author of mysql- proxy , Jan Kneschke :
http://forge.mysql.com/tools/tool.php?id=76
This logs all queries to a file myquery.log
local log_file = ' query.log ' local fh = io.open ( log_file , " a+ " ) function read_query ( packet ) if string .
byte( packet ) == proxy .
COM_QUERY then local query = string .
sub ( packet , 2 ) fh:write ( string.format( " %s %6d -- %s
" , os.date ( ' %Y - %m-%d %H:%M:%S ' ) , proxy.connection [" thread_id " ] , query ) ) fh: flush ( ) end end
You 'll also find Jan 's blog is full of useful information as well :
http://jan.kneschke.de/
Applications
There are many applications for this technology , and once you start dabbling , your mind will surely run wild with ideas .
For instance , the default MySQL server 's slow query log provides only single second granularity .
If you want microsecond control , you 'll have to add the Google patches to get it .
That requires a recompile of the MySQL source , which many administrators would resist .
Enter the MySQL - Proxy , which comes with a lua script to do just that .
You can get the subsecond granularity , and log queries accordingly .
What 's great is that you can install it on a running system , without any big changes .
Instead of having your app connect to port 3306 , you 'll point it to port 4040 of the proxy .
But what about without changing any application code at all ?
One way would be to run mysql on a different port , and restart it .
Then run the proxy on port 3306 .
However , an even better way is to you Linux 's iptables to reroute all incoming connections on port 3306 .
Take a look at this link for code snippets to do that :
http://forge.mysql.com/tools/tool.php?id=82
What about load balancing ?
Suppose you want all SQL with the words INSERT , UPDATE or DELETE to go to your primary server , and then SELECT queries to be redirected to various slave copies of the production server .
MySQL
Proxy fits the bill here too .
Conclusion
Although MySQL
Proxy remains in the alpha stage of development , its potential applications are already building its popularity .
The ability to sit transparently between an application and its database has tons of applications , from diagnostics and troubleshooting to high availability and load balancing .
What 's more , since it sits transparently in the middle , it can be put into service as quickly and easily as it can be taken out of service .
Stay tuned as this technology matures it will surely become a part of your open - source database arsenal of tools and tricks .
» See All Articles by Columnist Sean Hull
An anonymous reader writesNote that , according to the quote from Jimmy Wales in the linked article , this system would only be used " on a subset of articles , the boundaries of which can be adjusted over time to manage the backlog . "
Q , I bring home $ 2,800 a month , and my husband stays home with our two daughters – one 3 , the other 3 months .
He ’s healthy and able , but he wo n’t work because he thinks he can’t make enough money to cover the cost of daycare .
Our rent is $ 1,000 a month , and our other bills add up to about $ 2,000 a month .
What do you think about this , and when is it OK to avoid daycare expenses by not working ?
A. I ’m an old - school guy , a crusty old dinosaur about some things .
I grew up in a generation where a guy who did this kind of thing was called a wuss , or worse ; not because he ’s staying home with the kids , but because he ’s staying at home while you guys ca n’t pay the bills !
I ’m all about family togetherness , and with spending as much time with your children as possible , and I do n’t have a problem with guys being stay - at - home dads as long as the family is in agreement and can afford to do that kind of thing .
But if you ’re just scraping by , or ca n’t meet your financial obligations , which seems to be true with you guys , that ’s a different story .
This guy needs to get off his butt , fulfill his responsibilities as a man and a husband , and find a way to start taking care of his family !
—
Dave
Photoshop actions can be a tremendous time - saving tool for designers and photographers .
You can either create your own actions or take advantage of the many that are freely available from the community of Photoshop users .
This post is a collection of 65 actions ( actually more since many of them contain multiple actions ) for touching up or enhancing photographs .
Free Photoshop Actions :
Photo Coloring Photoshop Action
Depth of Field Photoshop Action
Action Distortion Photoshop Action
Pro Sharpening Photoshop Action
Gritty Effect Photoshop Action
Photo Colouring 11.2
Soft Touch Action
Diabolic
Professional Photoshop Actions
Color Enhancing Actions
Cross -Processing
300 Action
Photoshop Color Actions 2
Eye Color
Vivid Blur
Retro Love
Soften Skin Effect
Retro Action
Dazzle Effects
Dazzle Effects 3
Dazzle Effects 4
Black and White Photoshop Actions
Muted Fashion
Soft Sepia Effect
Actions Clyck 003
Black and White Photoshop Actions
Photo Coloring VI
Action 004
Action 003
Dark Sepia
sa-cool Action 1.05
Old Photo Action
Vintage Photo
Retro-Vintage Actions
Photoshop Dream Blur Action
Actions – 39
Photo Coloring II
Skin Smoothing
Color Balance
Photo Coloring
Cool Photo Effect Action
Cross Coloring
Noiseless RetroFit Actions
Photo Improvement
H.D.A. Soft Elegance
Lomo Cross Processing
Split Toning
InFection
CS3 Action – High Key
Action Pack 1
Black White Sepia
Cross -Processing Action
Hand - Colored Vintage Photo
IR Effect Look
Old Style Sepia Effect
Dim and Jade
Wedding Enhancers
Pseudo HDR
Soft Focus Effect
Airbrush
Editorial Action
Photoshop Facelift
Velvia Portrait
Whiten Teeth and Eyes
Vintage
For more Photoshop resources , see :
Forget the Vatican ’s hatred of Mohamed .
Forget the Inquisitions and the Crusades .
Islam and the Vatican can now finally step up and be good friends after all these centuries .
So long as they have someone else to religiously persecute and kill , they can now be good friends at the UN …
Proposed UN declaration may provoke Muslim states
James Reinl , United Nations Correspondent
NEW YORK // Islamic governments are expected to join with the Vatican in protesting against a French - backed declaration in the UN General Assembly that calls for the decriminalisation of homosexuality worldwide .
Rama Yade , France ’s secretary of state for human rights , will visit Manhattan this week to throw her weight behind a statement supported by dozens of nations that blasts the outlawing of certain types of sexual behaviour .
The 13 - point declaration urges states “ to ensure that sexual orientation or gender identity may under no circumstances be the basis for criminal penalties , in particular executions , arrests or detention ” .
( read more )
[ PHOTO : People stage a protest in St Peter ’s Square in Rome earlier this month against the Vatican ’s opposition to a proposed United Nations declaration that would call for the decriminalisation of same - gender relationships .
Andreas Solaro / AFP ]
Royal Carribbean is having the world 's largest cruise ship built for them , and it 's gonna be ready to set sail next November .
The Oasis of the Seas is being billed as a traveling city , and will include not one but TWO 24 - hour buffets .
The liner will span 16 decks , encompass 220,000 gross registered tons ( GRT ) , carry 5,400 guests and feature 2,700 staterooms .
Almost 1200 feet long , 154 foot wide and rising 213 feet above the water line , the Oasis of the Seas will be able to host 3,000 crew to service every passenger 's need .
Oasis of the Seas will be the first ship to tout the cruise line 's new neighborhood concept of seven distinct themed areas , which include Central Park , Boardwalk , the Royal Promenade , the Pool and Sports Zone , Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Center , Entertainment Place and Youth Zone .
Remind you of anything ?
No ?
I 'm talking about the Titanic .
Remember that one ?
It too was touted as the latest and greatest in shipage , and we all know what happened to it .
Yep , I think there 's a definite lesson to be learned here .
" Jack , I 'm flying ! "
Hit the jump for a bunch more pics , many in stunning rendered detail .
The world 's most luxurious cruise liner that really is a ' floating city ' [ dailymail ]
Thanks to Uncle Eccoli , who I did n't even know existed until the family reunion .
O'Reilly offers Rove place to hide from subpoena David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Thursday January 29 , 2009
Print This Email This
For eight years , Fox News Channel served as the go - to place for former President George W. Bush , and other administration members , any time there was a breaking scandal or controversy that they wanted to get out in front of .
Almost always , the practically open quid pro quo arrangement resulted in friendly , even helpful interviews , which allowed the administration to turn the page to something new .
But now that there is a new sheriff in town , the gang that could only " shoot straight " on Fox might be in need of more elaborate and protective cover .
Cue Bill O'Reilly .
On Wednesday 's The O'Reilly Factor , former White House deputy chief of staff Karl Rove ( and Fox News contributor ) said that he did n't plan to testify in front of the House Judiciary Committee , despite being served with a subpoena requiring him to do so last week .
The subpoena , approved by an earlier vote of the House , was issued pursuant to " authority granted in H.R. 5 ( 111th Congress ) , and calls for Mr. Rove to appear at deposition on Monday , February 2 , 2009 , " to testify about his alleged involvement in the political prosecution of an Alabama governor and the firings of nine US Attorneys .
One day after the subpoena , Rove 's lawyer told the press , " It 's generally agreed that former presidents retain executive privilege as to matters occurring during their term .
We 'll solicit the views of the new White House counsel and , if there is a disagreement , assume that the matter will be resolved among the courts , the president and the former president . "
Rove told O'Reilly that the only reason why he would n't call Conyers ' investigation a " witch hunt " was because he did n't consider himself a " witch . "
" He 's sort of like Captain Ahab , and I 'm the whale , " the portly Rove said of Conyers .
O'Reilly offered that Conyers was only out to embarrass Rove , and said that he could hide from a Congressional subpoena at Fox News .
" Now , if you need a place to hide out , we have it here at the Factor .
We have all kinds of tunnels and places we can put you , " O'Reilly said .
" I do n't need to hide , " Rove said .
" I do n't need to hide . "
O'Reilly did n't really think so either , and ended the segment by calling him a " stand - up guy . "
This video is from Fox 's O'Reilly Factor , broadcast Jan. 28 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Note : I have kept spoilers out of this post .
Please keep the comments spoiler - free as well .
I got to see a special advance screening of Watchmen yesterday , at a taping of MTV Spoilers .
They showed us the whole movie , and then ran some clips from the new Harry Potter , the Land of the Lost , and the new Star Trek movie , followed by a Q&A with Zack Snyder .
I know a lot of people want to know about Watchmen , so I 'll just cut to the chase right away :
It 's the best movie inspired by a graphic novel that I 've ever seen .
It could have gone wrong in a thousand different places , and it did n't .
I 've wanted to see this movie for twenty years , and it was entirely worth the wait .
Hear me now , my fellow geeks : you have nothing to worry about .
Watchmen is fucking awesome .
Now , the entire story ...
I was supposed to be there by 2:45 , but lost track of time while writing , and left my house over 30 minutes late .
I 'd allowed a traffic cushion in my original plan , and it was gone .
Everything would have to go perfectly if I was going to get there on time .
Driving up the street toward the freeway , my fuel light came on .
Then I hit every single red light between me and the nearest gas station .
By the time I was on the freeway , I was 45 minutes behind .
Rather than totally lose my shit and drive like a psycho , I just accepted that I 'd get there when I got there and not a moment sooner .
I listened to the first episode of the new D&D Podcast while I made my way out the 134 and over Laurel Canyon .
I laughed the whole way , remembering how much fun we all had when we played up in Seattle .
It ended about ten minutes before I got to the screening , so I just let my iPod shuffle to some music .
Out of 9000 songs , it chose Depeche Mode 's Behind The Wheel .
It was a little eerie , because I can clearly recall driving in my Prelude with my friend Darin in 1989 , talking about who would be in the Watchmen movie if they made one , while we listened to Music for the Masses .
I 'd been excited to see the movie , but until that happened , I had n't fully appreciated the real significance of seeing it .
" I have waited twenty years to see this film , " I thought , " and in about twenty minutes , it 's finally going to happen . "
As I pulled up to the parking garage , I got the nervous feeling in my stomach that 's usually reserved for auditions or the first few days of a book launch .
I know that it 's just a movie , but it 's something I 've thought about and cared about for two thirds of my life .
I guess it was so important to me , I had n't let myself fully appreciate just how important it was until that moment .
A few minutes later I met my friend Chris ( who was my date for the movie ) , and we made our way to the theater , stopping on the way to talk to the MTV people about my appearance on the show later , after they ran the Star Trek stuff .
It was a weird disconnect for me ; while I was talking to the MTV producers , I stopped being a geek who could n't believe he was about to finally see Watchmen , and I was a professional actor , going over the technical specifics of how the show would be put together .
My stomach butterflies and that mix of apprehension and excitement vanished for a few minutes , until we walked away , I became a geek again , and it returned with a vengeance .
The lights went down , the film began , and after just a few minutes , my apprehension was gone .
I knew after the Comedian hit the street that this was going to be everything I 'd hoped for .
For the next two hours and forty - five minutes , I gasped , I cheered , I applauded , I was stunned and I was blown away .
Most importantly , though , I was transported to the world I first visited , one issue at a time , when I was a teenager .
When it was over , I wanted to go right back to the beginning and start over again , just like I did when I finished the graphic novel back in the 80s .
< Non-Spoiler Review Begins >
I 'm not going to discuss specifics , because that would suck for a lot of people , but : PAY ATTENTION , MY FELLOW GEEKS : YOU HAVE NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT .
( Did I just all - cap and bold that ?
I guess I did .
What is this , MacWrite in 1986 ?
Whatever .
I 'm leaving it , because it's that important to me that my fellow geeks read it . )
Now , listen , I know that we live in a world where we 've endured Ang Lee 's The Hulk , Spiderman 3 , both Fantastic Four movies , and Indiana Jones Gets Raped Repeatedly While We Are Forced To Watch In Horror , so I think it would be really strange if we were n't worried and apprehensive about something that already means so much to us , but I hope this will calm your nerves until the movie is released : Watchmen is faithful to the book .
It respects the book .
I swear by the beard of Zeus , it feels like the book .
Yes , there are some cuts , but they serve the release and do n't disrupt or betray the narrative at all .
Yes , they made a change to something that 's a pretty big deal in the book , but it does n't matter ; what they did instead accomplishes exactly the same thing , and it does it perfectly .
There is some of the Zack Snyder signature slow motion , and though it 's a little heavy in the very first scene ( which worried me ) it is n't overdone throughout the movie at all , and I found it to be pretty cool and entertaining .
Ultra-purists who are just determined to pick it apart will be able to find some things to be upset about , but I do n't know why they 're even bothering to see it , to be honest .
Speaking only for myself , as someone who has read the book over and over again , there were maybe ... three ... things that made me go " eh , " but I had to work really hard to get even that perturbed , because ultimately none of them mattered .
In fact , when the movie was over , and I thought about the stuff they cut or moved around , I just could n't get upset about it , because nothing happened that fucked with the story or the characters , at all .
Zack Snyder 's Watchmen is as close to a perfect film adaptation of Alan Moore 's Watchmen as we were ever going to see , and when his super - ultimate - here 's - everything cut comes out in the fall , I think it will be perfect .
But what I saw yesterday is truly remarkable : a big studio movie adaptation of one of the most — if not the most — important graphic novels of my lifetime that not only did n't fuck it up , but brought it to life brilliantly .
I can't think of a better , more faithful , graphic novel adaptation , ever .
Nothing else even comes close .
< Non-Spoiler Review Ends >
When the movie was over , we got down to the business of making the TV show .
This can be really tedious , and people who go watch a taping of a show hardly ever go back again , because it just is n't that fun .
It could have been a disaster , with a theater that was mostly geeks , but MTV did a fairly good job moving things along , even though the producer who was sort of managing all of us geeks between shots was clearly out of his element , Donny .
Case in point : there were two dudes in the front of the theater dressed up as the Comedian and Rorschach .
The producer had them stand up , and the geeks in the audience went nuts , because how cool was that , right ?
The producer said something about how the Rorschach guy 's costume was so great , they could n't even tell if it was a fan or ... he stammered for a second ... or ... " you know , the guy who , um , plays Rorschach .
The actor .
I do n't know his name . "
The geeks just savaged the guy with boos .
It was mostly good natured , but when the producer said , " Hey , hey , hey !
I do n't get to watch these movies , because I 'm really busy making TV shows .
You know , like My Sweet Sixteen , " they totally turned on him with a taunting so vicious , I expected someone to put a cow into a catapult .
It was hilarious .
I mean , talk about not knowing who your audience is !
He would repeatedly try to get the audience back on his side for the rest of the evening , but it was like DC 25 , and he got - 5 for each failed attempt .
I think he was up to DC 70 by the time we all left , but it was all in good fun .
They brought many of the cast members up , two at a time , and asked them some questions about the movie .
They did n't spend nearly enough time with them , and I thought the questions could have been a hell of a lot better , because the ones they asked were mostly silly things about sex scenes and Doctor Manhattan 's Junk ( which is a good name for a band ) , but I guess that 's what the audience at home cares about , and they have to keep them happy .
I forget the order in which the following events happened , but this is how I remember them .
After the first two groups of actors did their Q&As , they showed a clip from Land of the Lost .
All I can say is : for fuck 's sake .
Are you serious with this bullshit ?
If the trailer during the Superbowl was punching my beloved childhood memories in the face , this clip they showed us was pissing on its corpse .
I 'm not entirely sure , but I think the whole thing is a New Coke way to trick people into thinking the television remake they did in the 90s sucked less than it did .
They showed us something from the new Harry Potter movie , which I can't comment on because I do n't know enough about Harry Potter , but it made the Harry Potter fans in the audience really happy .
After that , they brought up a couple more actors from the movie ( Billy Crudup was hilarious and , yes , ladies , he is that good looking in real life ) and then a couple more who talked about the sense of responsibility they felt while making the movie ( it showed on screen , guys , you were all fantastic ) .
After all that , they showed the Star Trek thing .
It was mostly stuff we 've already seen , but the geeks ( including me ) were excited about it .
Their host asked me some questions about the movie , and I thought I got in one comment about myself that was stupid , one about the movie that was insightful , and another that was humorous .
You can watch MTV Spoilers on Saturday if you want to see what I said .
BUT BE WARNED : THERE WILL BE MASSIVE WATCHMEN SPOILERS IN THIS SHOW .
After I finished my bit , I got to sit back down and enjoy the rest of the taping , which included the promise of something from the new Transformers movie that they did n't actually show ( I guess it was a rights thing , and they can't show it until Saturday night ) and then the only thing that could have made the evening even more awesome than it already was : a Q&A with Watchmen 's director Zack Snyder .
They told us that he'd probably talk for about 30 minutes or so , but he ended up staying for close to 45 .
I was just blown away by his candor and his enthusiasm not only for Watchmen , but for comics and filmmaking in general .
I know that he 's been talking about this stuff and answering these exact questions for months , but if he was feeling any fatigue over it , he did n't let it show .
He could have sat there and spoken in the language of Hollywood douchebags , but he spoke in the purest form of Geek that I 've ever witnessed from a filmmaker .
He did n't talk at us , he talked with us , and it was great .
I can't possibly remember everything he said , but there were a couple things that totally stood out , that I think geeks would want to know :
He said that when he was in film school , he wanted to make movies out of everything , whether it was a pair of shoes , or a cup of coffee .
When he read comics back then , he thought that it would be great to make some of them into movies .
He singled out Dark Knight Returns and Sin City , but when he got to Watchmen , he said there was no way he would even attempt it .
Then the studio came to him after 300 and asked him to make the movie .
He did n't want to do it at first , partially because he was so afraid he'd screw it up , but also because the script was just horrible .
It was set in the current day , it was about Doctor Manhattan going to Iraq , something about " The War on Terror " and was a PG - 13 monstrosity that would be left open to a sequel .
It was , in other words , exactly the kind of thing we 're so afraid the studios will do to things we love when they adapt them for film .
He said that the more he thought about it , though , the more he felt a responsibility to make it .
He said something like , " If I made it , I had a chance to not screw it up .
If I did screw it up , at least it was me who screwed it up .
But if I let them take the script they showed me to someone else to screw up , it would have been my fault .
So I had to make it . "
He also talked about how the studio kept trying to turn it into what he called a " PG - 13 Superhero movie " and how he just refused to let that happen .
He said that it was going to be rated R , there would n't be this ending that they wanted which would make you go for fuck 's sake .
are you serious with that bullshit ?
It would be set in 1985 , and it would be faithful to the book .
I 've read interviews with him , and I 've heard from some second - hand sources that he cared deeply about the material , but until I saw him speak last night , I did n't fully appreciate just how passionate he was .
While I listened to him speak , it hit me : Zack Snyder cares about Watchmen as much as we do , and it shows .
Before I realized it , I was on my feet , getting in line , not to ask a question , but to make a comment .
When I approached the mic , I felt my hands get cold and I could n't feel my feet .
This is typically what happens to me when I 'm really nervous .
I cleared my throat and said , " Hi , my name is Wil , and I 'm from Pasadena . "
He said , " Hey , I 'm from Pasadena , too ! "
" AWESOME ! " I said , and felt stupid .
I steadied myself , as the entire theater faded away and all I could hear was the sound of my own voice , coming out of someone else , very far away .
" I just wanted to tell you that I 've wanted to see this movie for twenty years . "
I took a breath , and was horrified to feel some very real emotion rising up in my chest .
" Oh fuck .
Just say it and run away ! "
" I just wanted to say thank you for making it worth the wait . "
He said something , but I do n't know what it was .
I was too busy running away .
As I left the theater , and feeling returned to my hands and feet , I thought , " Shit .
I forgot to tell him , " If they ask you to make Sandman , please say yes . ' "
I doubt he 'll ever read this , but just in case he does ... Zack Snyder , this is Wil from Pasadena .
If they ever ask you to make Sandman , please say yes .
Russia has decided to establish naval bases in Libya , Syria and Yemen within a few years , Itar - Tass news agency quoted military officials as saying on Friday , in a sign of Moscow 's growing foreign policy ambitions .
" It is difficult to say how much time it will take to create the bases for our fleet in these countries , but within a few years this will be done without question , " a military official was quoted as saying .
Ceasefire Efforts Russia seeks Syrian , Iranian help on Gaza truce Reuters ' Egypt 's initiative is optimal and we believe all efforts should be thrown into supporting it , ' FM Lavrov says Russia seeks Syrian , Iranian help on Gaza truce
A senior general said it was too early to name any foreign ports that could host Russian bases .
" There are negotiations conducted with foreign governments .
Such publications ( on bases ) may have a negative effect on the way of these talks , " Itar - Tass quoted the Russian army 's deputy chief of staff , Colonel - General Anatoly Nogovitsyn , as saying .
The Kremlin is seeking to play a more assertive role in world politics and has been using its military to project its new - found confidence beyond its borders .
Analysts have said that the Syrian port of Tartus could be revived as a Russian naval base .
During the Cold War , the Soviet navy had a permanent presence in the Mediterranean , using Tartus as a supply point .
Russian media reported that opening a naval base in the Libyan port of Benghazi was among the main issues discussed during Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi 's visit to Moscow in October last year .
Nogovitsyn said it was unclear when Russian naval bases abroad could open .
" No one can forecast when this problem will be solved , " he told Itar - Tass .
" We need permanent bases , and this is very costly .
You have to thoroughly calculate it all . "
Russia had to vacate the Cam Ranh base in Vietnam in 2002 because its rent was becoming a burden for the state coffers .
" Now we have learnt to count our money , " Nogovitsyn said .
The year is 1899 , and the only thing standing between J.P. Morgan 's demonic hordes and their goal of world domination is the dynamic duo of scientist Nikolai Tesla and famous American novelist Mark Twain .
Be there as Nikolai Tesla ( AKA , the Master of Lightning , the Millionaire Playboy , etc. ) battles ferocious beasts of light and energy with his towering " Tesla - Tronic Dynamo " and finally takes the fight to Morgan himself in a battle to prevent the end of the world itself !
It 's a thrill ride of unique proportions and design that you wo n't forget , and that will have you coming back for more again and again .
Written by Matt Fraction and Steven Sanders , " The Five Fists of Science " is truly a unique experience .
it 's wonderful , original , inventive -- the characters are believeable and fun , while still staying true to their historical selves in many ways as well .
You can't help but love them -- Mark Twain is the king of showmanship , the master of swaying the public , and my favorite character in the book without a doubt .
Tesla has his charm , and with every one of his odd personal idiosyncracies ( like the fact that he hates hair and has to calculate the cubic volume of every bite of food he eats before he eats it ) cropping up at one time or another , he 's an interesting character to say the least .
All in all , I give this amazing steampunk - esque piece of semi-historical fiction a solid five stars out of five for it 's originality and strength of story .
Do n't be swayed either way by the fact that it's a graphic novel -- people of all ages and backgrounds will find " The Five Fists of Science " deeply satisfying !
And remember , you can't spell " Action and Adventure " without " T&T " ( Tesla and Twain )
COLUMBIA , Mo. ¬—
Muscular dystrophy , which affects approximately 250,000 people in the United States , occurs when damaged muscle tissue is replaced with fibrous , bony or fatty tissue and loses function .
While scientists have identified one protein , dystrophin , as an important piece to curing the disease , another part of the mystery has eluded scientists for the past 14 years .
Now , one University of Missouri scientist and his team have identified the location of the genetic material responsible for a molecular compound that is vital to curing the disease .
Duchenne muscular dystrophy ( DMD ) , predominantly affecting males , is the most common type of muscular dystrophy .
Patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy have a gene mutation that disrupts the production of dystrophin .
Absence of dystrophin starts a chain reaction that eventually leads to muscle cell degeneration and death .
A previous study by Dongsheng Duan , associate professor of molecular microbiology and immunology , discovered a potential delivery method to replace the mutated genes with healthy genes .
Following the replacement of these genes , Duan observed that dystrophin production was restarted in animals with muscular dystrophy .
However , while dystrophin is vital for muscle development , the protein also needs several " helpers " to maintain the muscle tissue .
One of these " helper " molecular compounds is nNOS , which produces nitric oxide .
This is important for muscles that are in use during high intensity movements , such as exercise .
" When you exercise , not only does the muscle contract , but the blood vessels are constricted , " Duan said .
" nNOS is important because it produces nitric oxide that relaxes the blood vessels , helping to maintain the muscle with a healthy blood supply .
If no blood reaches the muscle cells , they will eventually die .
In DMD patients , this means the disease will progress as the muscle cells are replaced by the fibrous , bony or fatty tissue . "
Since 1994 , researchers have known about the importance of nNOS , but have not been able to determine how to produce nNOS in a dystrophic muscle , or a muscle lacking dystrophin .
Many scientists have tried to solve this mystery without success .
In his most recent study , published Monday in The Journal of Clinical Investigation , Duan and his team identified the location of genetic material responsible for the production of nNOS .
Following the identification of the genetic material , Duan and his team created a series of new dystrophin genes .
In their study , they used dystrophic mice to test the efficacy of these new genes .
After genetically correcting the mice with the new dystrophin gene , Duan 's team discovered that the missing nNOS was now restored in the dystrophic muscle .
The mice that received the new gene did not experience muscle damage or fatigue following exercise .
" With this new discovery , we 've solved a longstanding mystery of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy , " Duan said .
" This will change the way we approach gene therapy for DMD patients in the future .
With this study , we have finally found the genetic material that can fully restore all the functions required for correcting a dystrophic muscle and turning it into a normal muscle . "
Source : University of Missouri - Columbia
A 30 - year - old unemployed South Korean who predicted a collapse in the country 's stock market has been charged over his pessimistic financial blogging .
The decision to prosecute Park Dae-sung for allegedly posting false information online has provoked a political storm as the conservative ruling party of President Lee Myung - bak demands new laws governing " cyber slander " .
Writing under the pseudonym Minerva , the blogger became a household name for his largely accurate forecasts of sharp falls in Korea 's won currency , the national stock market and the demise of US investment bank Lehman Brothers .
Amid intense speculation over his identity , each of Minerva 's postings attracted about 100,000 readers .
Opposition parties claim he has been targeted because his gloomy forecasts have upset the government as it battles to save its reputation amid the severe economic downturn .
Prosecutors maintain that Park hurt the currency by posting incorrect information online .
" The suspect in this case was indicted on charges of false information on two occasions , " said an official at the prosecutor 's office .
As South Korean markets tumbled last year , the state 's main financial regulator warned it would crack down on what it considered malicious rumours .
Some economic analysts have reported that they have come under pressure from the authorities not to voice negative sentiments about the economy .
" The prosecution hurriedly went ahead with its investigation and a court readily gave prosecutors a permit to conduct a witch - hunt , " the liberal Hankyoreh daily said in a recent editorial , calling the case an infringement of freedom of speech .
Park Dae -sung faces up to five years in prison if he is found guilty of violating communications laws .
Since his detention this month , legal experts have questioned whether the authorities had legal grounds to prosecute individuals .
" The Minerva case shows that the tradition of rule of law has yet to set root firmly in our society , " said Ji Seong - woo , a law professor at Dankook University .
Since Park 's detention , it has emerged that he was a quiet man who never went to university and whose financial expertise came from economics text books and websites .
In a society that places high value on an elite education and employment at prestigious firms such as brokerages , there is a growing suspicion that he is being punished because of his social status .
" Should Park be punished , it should be for his conduct and not because he is some thirty - some - year - old unemployed two - year technical college graduate , " Ji said .
The South Korean currency fell 28 % last year and the main share index slumped 40 % .
Earlier this week the president reshuffled his top economic officials , replacing his widely criticised finance minister in an attempt to prevent Asia 's fourth largest economy from sliding into its deepest recession in 11 years .
So Avi Bryant spoke at CUSEC this last week and I was fortunate enough to sit in on a Seaside tutorial that he gave to a couple of people .
It got me really interested in this Smalltalk web framework stuff .
Smalltalk is of course nothing new except for the fact that it was the first language to have some of the awesome code features we use today , but that ’s all in the past , so let ’s move on .
The interesting part is that playing with Seaside is completely unlike learning Smalltalk ( unless you ’ve never seen a language with lambdas ) .
It ’s a complete mind - blowing experience on its own level ; a revolutionary way to look at web application development , not “ let ’s do what Ruby on Rails does .. in Smalltalk ! ” .
The revolution is in the idea that the statelessness of HTTP need not be transitive .
It ’s the idea that you should n’t have to reconstruct bits and pieces of many web requests and figure out what your user just did .
In short , it brings back the workflow based semantics that make desktop app development so much more intuitive by comparison .
In shorter : it ’s the future .
Smalltalk might not be , but these concepts definitely are .
State : Big Deal ?
There ’s something really sexy about being able to do the following :
AuthRegisterTask >>#go
go | user | user := self call : AuthRegisterComponent new .
user username ~= '' ifTrue : [ self inform : ( ' Good Job ' , user username ) ] if False : [ self inform : ' You did not register ' ]
The code above starts from class AuthRegisterTask , throws you off to a register screen ( AuthRegisterComponent ) and then returns a new AuthUser object back to the task .
The task then validates and sends you off to another inform : page ( helper page with some text and a simple “ Ok ” button that brings you back to the previous page when clicked ) with the success / failure results .
A total of 4 web requests are happening here from start to finish , but by looking at the code ( assuming have n’t seen Seaside before ) you would never know it .
In fact , it looks like you just created an AuthRegisterComponent object and verified the results — the implementation details of how those results are retrieved are properly hidden from you .
They ’re hidden because they ’re ugly .
AuthRegisterComponent is implemented as :
AuthRegisterComponent>>#renderContentOn :
renderContentOn : html | user | user := AuthUser new .
html form : [ html paragraph with : [ html span with : ' Username ' .
html textInput on : #username of : user . ]. html paragraph with : [ html span with : ' Password ' .
html textInput on : # password of : user . ]. html submitButton callback : [ self answer : user ]. ] .
The magic here is in the call : and answer : methods .
This is where Seaside communicates ( continuation style ) between requests by saving and restoring state like a conventional application would .
Seaside : Pages are not Islands
Of course the example I used was n’t perfect , but it ’s the shortest illustration I can come up with right now .
A much more appropriate ( and much longer ) example would be a 3 + page wizard style registration where the user might follow one of many possible flow graphs to complete the form .
Seaside would handle this with ease because it does not treat pages as islands .
In fact , such a wizard would be as easy as implementing one in Swing , or using some Neatbeans auto - wizardifier because the logic and implementation would be equivalent .
This is not the case when dealing with the web .
You usually have to hack your session and throw tons of state in there to emulate what continuations do in a very clean fashion .
AJAX WAT ?
AJAX Where Art Thou .
In researching the necessity for such behaviour , I came across an interesting post from Avi himself ( dating to 2007 ) where he states that AJAX trumps most ( not all ) of the benefits of continuations .
It is indeed true that AJAX does emulate the concept of statefulness in some sense , but I ’d say AJAX is not nearly as elegant as the above code .
Using JavaScript to make requests for tiny tidbits of data , or using JavaScript as glue to throw back to the browser , is almost the opposite of elegant .
AJAX surely has it ’s place , but I ’d rather see more of the above than more crappy && broken JS .
Continuations FTW ?
Moral of the story : you should learn continuations because they will blow your mind .
Money Morning Staff Reports
In the face of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression , Money Morning Investment Director Keith Fitz - Gerald continues to uncover solid profit opportunities – including China , oil and other key commodities , and possibly even U.S. stocks .
To those who have followed his career , that 's not a huge surprise .
After all , while 2008 was a year that Wall Street would very much like to forget , for Fitz - Gerald it ended up being a year to remember .
Fitz - Gerald , a longtime market professional who has been investment director of Money Morning since 2007 , made a number of key investment calls last year and has watched as the market continues to prove his forecasts correct .
For instance :
When crude oil was trading listlessly at less than $ 90 a barrel , Fitz - Gerald predicted in a Money Morning Outlook 2008 investment story that " black gold " would move well into the high triple digits – and months later saw oil prices soar to an all - time high of $ 147 a barrel ,
Outlook 2008 investment story that " black gold " would move well into the high triple digits – and months later saw oil prices soar to an all - time high of $ 147 a barrel , When analysts and elected officials in Washington were attempting to soothe American taxpayer fears by saying the cost of fixing the financial crisis could be capped in the " billions , " Fitz - Gerald dismissed the prognostications and warned that the cost would be well into the trillions .
He also warned that the crisis would involve the global banking community in a contagion that would spread well beyond our own borders .
Predicted – within a few points – what 's so far proved to be the interim market bottom in the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .
Warned investors that China 's stock market was in for a correction , but told investors to swap out of China stocks and into stocks of global companies doing business in China as a means of minimizing risk – a market call that brought Fitz - Gerald a " speaker of the year " award from a prestigious group of high - net - worth private investors .
Predicted – when America 's " Big Three " automakers appeared to be working through some issues with onerous union contracts and retirement benefits – that the heyday of the U.S. auto company was already over and that the car companies would soon be fighting for their actual survival .
" The sad thing is that millions of investors experienced a white - knuckle ride they did n't deserve , " Fitz - Gerald said .
" We enjoyed some very solid success last year .
But , as is true of any professional investor , the question becomes :
Where do we go next ? "
Fitz - Gerald has some ideas .
A longtime energy bull , and an avowed expert on China , Fitz - Gerald says he's now tracking some trends that could lead to the best profit opportunities of our lifetime .
Money Morning recently caught up with Fitz - Gerald at his home in Oregon , where he was working between speaking engagements .
Here is a partial transcript of that discussion .
Money Morning :
You 're acquired a reputation over the years as a sharp market analyst , in large part because of a series of public market calls that you 've made over the past couple of years – market calls that were ultimately proven correct .
What 's your secret ?
What advice can you give to investors ?
Keith Fitz - Gerald : Most investors make the classic mistake of being more concerned with being proven right or wrong than they do with what actually happens with their money .
That 's why we see such a " herd " behavior in the markets today .
I 'm more concerned with " possibilities , " and with structuring profitable investment opportunities around them .
I really do n't care if I 'm right or wrong as long as the strategies I assemble are flexible enough to deal with both contingencies and profit at the same time .
MM : This sounds complicated .
Can you give us an example ?
KF : What I do is actually very simple .
I use a highly specialized branch of mathematics based on fractal theory to identify the underlying nature of the financial markets .
This allows me to find relationships in data that would otherwise appear random and that others can't see using traditional analytical techniques .
And I simply recommend high probability investments based on that understanding .
MM : I know this is at the heart of the Geiger Index .
Is this also the key to your newest service , Time Trader Pro ?
KF : Yes .
In fact , there 's a little fractal theory in everything I recommend , and in every forecast I make .
But when it comes to the Time Trader Pro , there 's a twist .
The Geiger Index is set up to scan for probabilities associated with directional moves .
The Time Trader Pro , which uses similar calculations , is set up to determine the relative lack of movement .
The advantage is that while the Geiger sets up the big gains that will carry investors forward into the eventual recovery I see building even today , the Time Trader Pro allows investors to potentially capture gains and high - probability profits in the directionless markets we 're experiencing now .
The two are designed to complement one another and , indeed , to also help establish the core positions we highlight in The Money Map Report .
MM : Do the numbers tell you everything ?
KF : Not in my opinion .
To be a really effective forecaster , I think you really have to combine firsthand knowledge with accurate analytics .
To me , that means having " boots on the ground " and seeing stuff with your own eyes .
The way I see it , there 's simply no substitute for that personal observation .
That 's why I travel extensively every year .
For example , years ago , when oil was trading at $ 20 a barrel , I was tromping all over Asia and Europe , and was seeing the beginnings of a terrific ramp up in demand .
At the same time , I was doing work that suggested severe supply constrictions .
That led me to forecast oil at $ 100 within a decade .
It got there far faster than that , of course , but the fact that I had planned for such contingencies paid off more than the actual price level , itself .
Incidentally , I have to tell you , I was laughed out of more boardrooms than I can count at the time .
But that goes with the territory :
You have to have the courage of your convictions to make such forecasts .
MM : Well , oil did go to $ 100 a barrel .
Then it dropped back into the $ 80 range .
And that 's when you said that oil prices were going to head much higher .
I like to remind people that this was a " real " call – it's on the record in an oil story that was part of our yearly " Outlook " series .
The story ran in late December , when oil was starting to move again .
But you 'd actually made the prediction a month or so before , while Money Morning writer Jason Simpkins was still researching the article .
You said oil could " spike " to prices as high as $ 187 a barrel , and would then settle back down .
Oil did n't quite hit the $ 187 level you forecasted , but it did run up to an all - time high of $ 147 , before settling back to where it is now .
Did this surprise you ?
KF : Given that we did n't get a major geopolitical shocker , I 'm not surprised that we did n't hit $ 187 .
But I 've been very candid in stating that the dramatic fall we 've seen has been much deeper than I 'd expected .
MM : Could oil prices stay this low for much longer ?
KF : Anything is possible .
The real question is :
What 's probable .
People are chalking the fall in prices up to lower global demand , but I think that 's a mistake .
What 's really going on here is that , at lower prices , hedgers and speculators have n't had the need to hedge their contracts as extensively and this , more than any single factor , has helped pull down futures prices – which are tied to delivery – and keep them there .
The other factor that 's affected oil has been the relatively rapid rise in the U.S. dollar .
Oil is priced in dollars , so it 's important to remember that a substantial portion of the fall in oil prices can simply be accounted for by that increase in the dollar .
MM : What about the long term ?
KF : Longer - term , the world wo n't realize that global demand is rising all along – despite what the statistics say – until the economic recovery stimulates oil demand again .
Probably no more than five years from now .
Eventually , the fundamentals of declining production , growing demand , and thin inventories will overwhelm today 's low prices .
Which is why I think oil will be back at $ 212 dollars a barrel … a figure that 's downright conservative compared to Matthew Simmons [ peak oil pundit and author of " Twilight in the Desert : The Coming Saudi Oil Shock and the World Economy " ] , who 's on record predicting that oil prices will reach $ 500 a barrel .
MM : I know that your expectations for China have a lot to do with this .
And India .
KF : Yes , they do .
From a macroeconomic standpoint , both nations are growing by leaps and bounds – even with the problems posed by the global financial crisis .
Sure there 's a short - term contraction , but let 's get that off the table right now .
Longer - term , the trend is clearly for higher oil prices .
Both China and India have huge populations that are using increasing amounts of petroleum and petroleum - based products .
And both have millions of drivers and middle - class consumers who have never known lower prices – so they do n't think twice about paying more .
From a technical standpoint , oil is dramatically oversold to the point where much of the industry is unsustainable .
History suggests that these stunningly low prices will result in diminished capital investment , declining exploration efforts and a reduction in rig counts .
When the stimulus programs of the United States – and other key countries – ultimately take hold , these factors will combine to reflect net shortages and , logically , will force prices higher .
MM : We 've seen this cycle before …
KF : Absolutely .
MM : Speaking of China , Keith , what 's next for the Red Dragon ?
What do you see there this year ?
How about over the next five years ?
KF :
At this stage of the game , China is literally the only player on the field with enough muscle to pull the rest of the world out of hock .
This means the rest of the world will have to play ball – whether they like it or not .
Ironically enough , that 's exactly what the G7 concluded recently when its members noted that China can use its huge trade surplus to spend it's way out of this mess at a time when the rest of the world is busy borrowing it 's way out .
There 's a big difference between the two scenarios .
I 'd rather invest in growth , rather than borrow to grow , any day of the week .
MM : What else do you see , here ?
KF :
The view from 30,000 feet is this : I do n't think there 's an asset class on the planet that wo n't be at least indirectly affected by their China 's actions within the next decade .
In that sense , every investor needs some sort of China strategy , especially now .
MM : What about the stimulus ?
KF : [ U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben ]
Bernanke and his minions have decided upon a course of action and are taking it .
And while I 'm as hopeful as the next person that it 's ultimately successful , history paints a different picture .
No nation in recorded history has ever bailed itself out of a hole by debasing its currency , and debasing their currencies is precisely what the United States ( and many other nations ) are doing right now – at least for anything other than short periods of time .
The bottom line is this : The U.S. Federal Reserve , the U.S. Treasury Department , and the elected officials in Washington all believed they could spend the crisis into submission .
But , ironically , all they 've done is prolong it and I think that history will show that the cost of preventing the crisis actually exceeded the potential costs of simply letting it unfold and play itself out .
What 's more , history supports my contention .
I also think that history will show that there are all sorts of unanticipated consequences from all the spending and the debt that 's now choking our country .
What really stinks to me is that a relatively small number of people drove the rest of us to the brink of financial oblivion , and that huge numbers of people who have tried to be responsible with their assets , who paid their mortgages on time , who own up to their debts , are now being involuntarily saddled with the bailout .
MM : What you 're saying , Keith , is that lots of innocent American taxpayers and conscientious individual investors have paid with their homes and even their jobs for the misdeeds of others .
KF : That 's right .
You know , during the early days of the financial crisis , there was a lot of conjecture on the Internet that the federal government should simply hand out a few trillion dollars to U.S. consumers .
Most experts dismissed that as fringe thinking .
It did n't seem so fringe to me then , and it certainly does n't seem so now .
The vast majority of the American people would have been far better off being able to put cash directly in their pockets to stimulate the economy than they will be now with government programs that reward bad business decisions and that throw good money after bad .
We may not have liked how it would have felt had the government held back and allowed some of these institutions to just fail .
History has shown us time and again that the financial markets have a remarkable ability to deal very swiftly with such adverse financial situations – and with a surprising cost effectiveness .
Why would this situation be any different ?
MM : What will the fallout be here ?
For the economy ?
For the U.S. dollar ?
For gold ?
KF : Let 's start with the dollar because that drives everything else .
In the extreme short term , the dollar has proven to be a safe haven , which is largely responsible for its rise .
At some point , however , this is going to have to change .
You can not put the printing presses in overdrive and expect things to remain the same .
But that 's exactly what Team Fed has done to date .
MM : What about inflation ?
KF : Well that 's the big unknown .
Right now , the markets are pricing in deflationary expectations – based on the global downturn .
In the long run , however , history demonstrates that the markets eventually must deal with this .
What 's more , the embers that are only smoldering now could easily ignite and turn into one of the hottest inflationary conflagrations we 've ever seen .
What people do n't understand is that consistent currency manipulation is merely staving off inflation ; it is n't removing the threat of it .
Most people also do n't understand that this is being done at the expense of people 's savings .
They 'll soon see this is the case .
Knowing this , I do n't see how any rational investor can afford to avoid preparing for inflation .
MM : So how does this play out with gold ?
With other commodities ?
KF : Contrary to what people believe , gold has never been statistically proven to be an inflationary hedge .
But it is a great crisis investment that does have a direct correlation to interest rates and bond prices .
So gold should really be tied , proportionately , to fixed - income investments because it helps stabilize them – and to provide an inflation hedge at the same time .
As for other commodities , the markets tend to run in 17 - 21 year cycles , and if we look to 2000 the beginnings of the latest one , that suggests we have until 2017 , or so , before commodities lose their luster .
In general , I 'm a commodity bull , but clearly we have to time our selections carefully , because now's not the time for indiscriminant buying .
MM : One final U.S. - related question .
What 's the outlook for U.S. stocks right now ?
I know your models recently showed that the U.S. indices were nearing the " sweet spot , " where valuations made them compelling enough to buy .
Has that changed ?
KF : No .
We 're still closing in on what could be the buying opportunity of our lifetimes , but there are a lot of things that have to lock into place to make that happen .
The most important off all is that banks have to again begin lending to consumers and to each other .
Taking TARP money and hoarding it , or using it for buyouts – something our ongoing Money Morning coverage has chronicled – just is n't acceptable .
If the banks wo n't play ball , the government should force them to … or take the money back and let them fail .
Now is not the time to play partisan politics either .
This crisis is serious enough that we need to concentrate on just being Americans and work through this as quickly and expediently as possible .
Washington is only just beginning to understand how serious this crisis is , which means as investors we have to take our personal financial security into our own hands .
The unfortunate reality is that the government may not get around to protecting our personal financial security – despite our elected officials best intentions .
MM :
In a bit of financial irony , you 've pointed out to lots of folks that China will actually benefit from this financial crisis , using it to enhance its stature in the global financial community .
And no one is better positioned than you to understand how China will fare … you run an annual investment trip to that country each year and you have a substantial network of contacts there .
Given that perspective , tell us how China can benefit from this situation .
KF : Absolutely .
First of all , China has $ 2 trillion in reserves … the most in history and the highest stockpile as a percentage of GDP on the planet .
This gives China not only the clout to spend its way out of this mess , but the muscle to work with the rest of the world in a controlled , measured fashion that helps maintain global financial balance .
Clearly , a lot of people on Wall Street wo n't like the fact that they do n't call the shots anymore , but they had their chance .
Now they need to let someone else lead .
From an investment standpoint , I think it 's particularly ironic that the global financial crisis – more so than any other factor – may be the catalyst that ultimately transforms China into the investment of a lifetime .
Even during the depths of the Asian Financial Crisis a decade ago , I do n't ' recall seeing Chinese markets this undervalued relative to the upside profit potential .
MM : What about Japan ?
The Japanese yen has traditionally been a safe haven during troubled times .
KF : Yes it has , but I think that could come crashing to an end this time around .
Japan bailed itself out the last time around through a massive stimulus program aimed at exports .
But it did little to stimulate the domestic economy and that 's costing the country dearly this time around , because now it 's behind the proverbial eight ball .
In fact , there are some indications that Japan may be sinking into another " Lost Decade " that 's even worse than the malaise we face here in the United States .
It 's not illogical to assume the yen could fall off the cliff and crash as a result .
I 'll be home again in Kyoto shortly and will update you on what I find when I get there .
[ Editor 's Note :
The ongoing financial crisis has changed the investing game forever , making uncertainty the norm and creating a whole set of new rules that will quickly and painfully determine the winners and losers out in the global financial markets .
Investors who ignore this " New Reality " will struggle , and will find their financial forays to be frustrating and unrewarding .
But investors who embrace this change will not only survive – they will thrive .
In fact , Money Morning Investment Director Keith Fitz - Gerald has already isolated these new rules and has unlocked the key to what he refers to as " The Golden Age of Wealth Creation . "
His key discovery : Despite the gloom brought about by the ongoing financial crisis , we may actually be standing on the precipice of the greatest investing opportunities we 'll see in our lifetimes .
To capitalize , today more than ever , investors need to employ the correct tool .
In his newly launched Time Trader Pro investing service , Fitz - Gerald feels that he 's found that needed device .
Time Trader
Pro , developed after more thana decade of work , is a new computerized trading model that 's based on a mathematical concept known as " fractals . "
This system allows Fitz - Gerald to predict price movements of broad indexes , or of individual stocks , with a high degree of certainty .
And it 's particularly well suited to the " trendless " markets that are the norm today .
Check out our latest report on these new rules , this new market environment , and this new service , Time Trader Pro . ]
News and Related Story Links :
Jett Travolta was the actor 's only son
A paramedic has been charged over an alleged plot to extort $ 25 m ( £ 18 m ) from Hollywood star John Travolta , following the death of his son in the Bahamas .
Tarino Lightbourne pleaded not guilty to charges of attempting to extort and conspiracy to extort from the US actor , Magistrate Carolita Bethel said .
Jett Travolta , who was 16 , died suddenly on 2 January while holidaying with his family on the islands .
The actor 's lawyer said Jett had suffered a seizure .
Prosecutor Bernard Turner objected to Tarino Lightbourne 's bail , the Associated Press news agency reported .
He was quoted by the agency as saying the police were looking for a " certain document " and believed they may not find it if the suspect was bailed .
Details of the alleged plot have not been made public .
Over the last few months we ’ve been making various improvements to the performance of parallel programs with GHC .
I thought I ’d post a few benchmarks so you can see where we ’ve got to .
This is a fairly random collection of 6 parallel benchmarks ( all using par / seq - style parallelism rather than explicit threading with forkIO ) .
The main point here is that I just took the programs unchanged – I have n’t made any attempt to modify the programs themselves to make them parallelize better ( although other people might have done so in the past ) , the focus here has been on changing the GHC runtime to optimize these existing programs .
The programs come mostly from old benchmarks for the GUM implementation of Parallel Haskell , and the sources can be found here .
matmult : matrix multiply
parfib : our old friend fibonacci , in parallel
partree : some operations on a tree in parallel
prsa : decode an RSA - encoded message in parallel
ray : a ray - tracer
sumeuler : sum . map euler
Here are the results .
The first column of numbers is the time taken for GHC 6.10.1 to run the programs on one CPU , and the following three columns are the difference in elapsed time when the programs are run on 4 CPUs ( actually 4 cores of my 8 - core x86_64 box ) with respectively GHC 6.8.3 , 6.10.1 , and my current working version ( HEAD + a couple of patches ) .
------------------------------------------------------------
Program 6.10.1 6.8.3 - N4 6.10.1 - N4 ghc - simonmar - N4 ------------------------------------------------------------ matmult 8.55 - 60.0 % - 63.7 % - 72.0 % parfib 9.65 - 72.6 % - 70.2 % - 76.3 % partree 8.03 +26.4 % +52.7 % - 40.7 % prsa 9.52 +13.8 % - 44.1 % - 68.2 % ray 7.04 + 16.5 % +11.8 % +28.0 % sumeuler 9.64 - 71.2 % - 73.1 % - 74.0 % - 1 s.d. ----- -68.8 % - 71.6 % - 78.0 % +1 s.d. ----- +20.1 % +6.4 % - 27.1 % Average ----- -38.8 % - 45.0 % - 59.9 %
The target is - 75 % : that ’s a speedup of 4 on 4 cores .
As you can see , 6.10.1 is already doing better than 6.8.3 , but the current version has made some dramatic improvements and is getting close to the ideal speedup on several of the programs .
Something odd is going on with ray , I do n’t know what yet !
Here ’s a summary of the improvements we made :
Lock - free work - stealing queues for load - balancing of sparks ( par ) .
This work was originally done by Jost Berthold during his internship at MSR in the summer of 2008 , and after further improvements was merged into the GHC mainline after the 6.10.1 release .
Improvements to parallel GC : we now use the same threads for GC as for executing the program , and have made improvements to the barrier ( stopping threads to do GC ) , and improvements to affinity ( making sure each GC thread traverses data local to that CPU ) .
Some of this has yet to hit the mainline , but it will shortly .
Eager blackholing : this reduces the chance that multiple threads repeat the same work in a parallel program .
It ’s a compile - time option ( - feager - blackholing in the HEAD ) and it costs a little execution time to turn it on , but it can improve parallelism quite a lot .
Running sparks in batches .
Previously , each time we run a spark we created a new thread for it .
Threads are lightweight , but the cost can still be high relative to the size of the spark .
So now we have Haskell threads that repeatedly run sparks ( stealing from other CPUs if necessary ) until there are no more sparks to run , eliminating the context - switch and thread - creation overhead for sparks .
This means we can push the granularity quite a lot : parfib speeds up even with a very low threshold now .
We ’re on the lookout for more parallel benchmarks : each new program we find tends to stress the runtime in a different way , so the more code we have , the better .
Even if ( or especially if ) your program does n’t go faster on a multicore – send it to us and we ’ll look into it .
Microsoft UK Government Blog
7/17/2020
7 minutes to read
In this article
News and information about Microsoft related IT for people who work in UK government from the Microsoft UK Government team .
Microsoft has a long history of supporting open document formats in Office 365 , even as some of our ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 05/05/2015
This post is by Black Marble Marketing Director Linda Hogg .
A Chief Constable ’s singular ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 04/10/2015
I was on Twitter the other day and saw this slide from a Public Sector ICT conference outlining what ...
Author : Daniel Batts Date : 04/08/2015
The Home Office Security & Policing event comes to Farnborough between March 10th - 12th , ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 03/05/2015
More than ever before , every penny of IT spend needs to be justified .
Taking an evidenced based ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 03/03/2015
Last week we started telling partners about a Transition Agreement signed with the Crown Commercial ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 02/27/2015
Last month CESG issued its latest platform guidance , a concise update on general platform risk ...
Author : Stuart Aston Date : 01/23/2015
By Michael Burton
This article originally appeared in January 2015 edition of The MJ .
The first MJ ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 01/09/2015
More than ever before , every penny of IT spend needs to be justified .
Taking an evidenced based ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 12/23/2014
When the UK Supreme Court began operating in 2009 , it inherited an IT infrastructure from the ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 12/09/2014
Cyber Monday is just around the corner .
Last year ’s Cyber Monday saw UK online sales increase ...
Author : Stuart Aston Date : 11/26/2014
If you ’re a regular reader of this blog , you know that local governments all across the UK are ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 11/24/2014
Back in 1998 , Microsoft opened its first headquarters outside of the US , at Thames Valley Park ....
Author : Mike Anderiesz Date : 11/21/2014
From a plant 's root system to your own blood supply , networking is one of nature 's basic laws that ...
Author : Mike Anderiesz Date : 11/21/2014
On results day , no website matters more to University - bound youth than UCAS ’ .
For most of the ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 11/14/2014
When the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom became operational in 2009 , it faced a lot of ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 11/04/2014
Last week the Open Standards Board adopted .ICS files ( RFC 5545 ) and vCard files ( RFC 6350 ) as open ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 11/03/2014
Microsoft is proud to be an official delivery partner , sponsor and exhibitor at Procurement Week ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/28/2014
Faced with a tight budget , London Borough of Newham needed to transform the way it delivered local ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/27/2014
The history of the World Wide Web is all about finding better ways to transmit information ; the ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/23/2014
Cloud tools are rewriting the rules faster than most IT departments can keep up .
Whether ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/21/2014
Is your use of digital technology helping your city , town or city region to be a safer , healthier , ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/20/2014
When someone says the phrase “ flexible working ” to you , what image comes to mind ?
Is it ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/17/2014
Local governments have access to vast troves of data about their resources , citizens and services ....
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/06/2014
We ’ve been told that tablets are consumer toys and laptops are boring , bog - standard tech ....
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 10/01/2014
Leicester City Council provides a variety of housing , social care , education , licensing , leisure and ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 09/18/2014
Earlier this year , Cabinet Office mandated that all government documents be created in “ open ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 09/16/2014
Cities are our economic hubs .
They 've long attracted ambitious workers looking for better jobs .
So ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 09/11/2014
Earlier this year , Microsoft Office 365 and Microsoft Azure were granted OFFICIAL accreditation by ...
Author : Stuart Aston Date : 09/05/2014
Merseyside Passenger Transport Authority , known as Merseytravel , manages 3,000 transit employees ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 08/29/2014
Technology has the potential to transform parliamentary democracy in the UK .
But what will that ...
Author : Neil Prior Date : 08/28/2014
Have you heard the news ?
On 10 November , Satya Nadella will be giving his first - ever UK speech as ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 08/21/2014
Meetings can be the best part of your day -- or the absolute worst .
They can be great tools for ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 08/20/2014
Anyone who ’s ever travelled on the London Underground and struggled to find a stop on the ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 08/20/2014
It ’s not hard to see how the digital divide is hampering the UK ’s economic growth and ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 08/18/2014
Conversations about flexible working too often fall into the trap of using " anywhere working " as a ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 08/15/2014
When people talk about the pressures facing government offices , they often focus on a tiny piece of ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 07/29/2014
The numbers do n’t lie .
Workers are positively drowning in data .
But at the same time , ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 07/11/2014
Microsoft ’s presence at Civil Service Live 2014 is all about how flexible working is ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 07/10/2014
When we talk about flexible working , we usually assume that you ’ll be the one working out of ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 07/09/2014
Conversations about flexible working tend to focus on devices .
It ’s understandable .
Devices ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 07/08/2014
There ’s going to be a lot of talk at Civil Service Live 2014 about flexible working .
But what ...
Author : Jesse Stanchak Date : 07/07/2014
Next >
There was no shortage of self - help books released in 2008 .
If you bought all of them , perhaps you 're a happier , more self - aware person who is in a better relationship and wears better outfits .
Of course , you 're probably out a few hundred dollars ; these books tend to cost about $ 20 each .
Before any more of you spend your hard - earned cash and your precious time on these life guides , let me do the work for you .
Today , I 'm offering up my inaugural summary of self - help books released in the past 12 months .
I 've boiled them down to a few sentences each for easy reading .
For many of these books , one sentence is enough .
" Intelligence for Your Life : Powerful Lessons for Personal Growth " by John Tesh : Figure out what you like to do and do it with passion .
Open doors on dates .
Also , put your credit cards in the freezer .
" The Gift of Years : Growing Older Gracefully " by Joan Chittister : Do n't be afraid of getting old .
Also , senior citizens are awesome .
" Before You Plan Your Wedding . . . Plan Your Marriage " by Greg Smalley , Erin Smalley , and Steve Halliday :
The person you 're marrying will actually be in your face all the time after the party is over .
Consider that .
Also , once you 're married , try to spend 20 minutes a day doing something nice for your spouse and maybe you wo n't get divorced .
" We Ca n't Stay Together for the Dogs : Doing What 's Best for Your Dog When Your Relationship Breaks Up " by Jennifer Keene :
Your dogs are like hairy kids .
Do n't take your anger out on them .
Massage them .
Massage yourself .
Rinse .
Repeat .
" The Truth About Cheating : Why Men Stray and What You Can Do to Prevent It " by M. Gary Neuman :
If you are a woman , there are things you can do to prevent your man from having an affair .
They include complimenting him a lot .
Also , if your husband has a female friend , he is probably sleeping with her .
" The Sexually Confident Wife : Connecting With Your Husband in Mind , Heart , Body , Spirit " by Shannon Ethridge :
Do n't be afraid to take your clothes off , because you probably do n't look that bad .
" The Law of Attraction , Plain and Simple : Create the Extraordinary Life That You Deserve " by Sonia Ricotti : Stop being so negative .
It 's bumming everyone out .
" Happiness : Unlocking the Mysteries of Psychological Wealth " by Ed Diener and Robert Biswas - Diener : Real happiness is on the inside , even though having awesome things happen to you helps .
" Being Truly You . . . for Women : Discovering Your Own Unique Wardrobe Personality " by Angela Marshall :
Make sure your outfit matches your soul .
" Being Truly You . . . For Men : Discovering Your Own Unique Wardrobe Personality " by Angela Marshall : Same goes for dudes .
" The 30 - Day Heartbreak Cure : Getting Over Him and Back Out There One Month From Today " by Catherine Hickland : Experience the sad , but very , very quickly , please .
" The Broken American Male : And How to Fix Him " by Shmuley Boteach : Your man feels like a failure because of society .
Validate him , please .
" My Answer Is No . . .
If That 's Okay With You : How Women Can Say No and ( Still ) Feel Good About It " by Nanette Gartrell :
If you stop being such a lame doormat , people will probably still like you .
" Happiness for Dummies " by W. Doyle Gentry : Do n't worry , be happy .
" Boyfriend University : Take Advantage of Your Man and Learn While You Can " by Jennifer Sander and Lynne Rominger :
You 'll live a better life if you learn how to drink cognac , play poker , and fix your car .
You know , boy things .
" What Men Say , What Women Hear : Bridging the Communication Gap One Conversation at a Time " by Linda Papadopoulos : Women are always jumping to crazy , crazy conclusions .
They should stop doing that .
" Marry Smart : The Intelligent Woman 's Guide to True Love " by Christine B. Whelan : SWANS ( Strong Women Achievers , No Spouse ) are actually quite desirable to smart men .
It 's the media 's fault for suggesting otherwise .
Feel all better now ?
Thought so .
See you next year .
Meredith Goldstein can be reached at mgoldstein@globe.com .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Fred Phelps and his daughter have been banned from entering the UK A father and daughter from a US church which preaches hatred of homosexuals have been banned from entering the UK .
Fred Phelps and his daughter Shirley Phelps - Roper from the Westboro Baptist Church ( WBC ) had urged protests against a play being put on in Hampshire .
Queen Mary 's College in Basingstoke is staging The Laramie Project , a play about a man killed for being gay .
Mrs Phelps - Roper told BBC
News the decision would " bring great wrath upon your heads " .
She warned that other members of the church , who are not as well known to the authorities , would be trying to get into the UK to protest .
" There are members of WBC that are not named Phelps , " she said .
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
" So they [ the authorities ] might have their work cut out for them .
" Unless they intend to begin checking the bare backsides of every person coming into that country to find that tattoo that says ' Property of WBC ' , they will have no way of identifying who is from WBC . "
She called the British government " filthy " for thinking they had the power " to keep the word of God from coming into her borders " .
The UK Border Agency said it opposed " extremism in all its forms " .
A spokesman added : " Both these individuals have engaged in unacceptable behaviour by inciting hatred against a number of communities .
" We will continue to stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country .
" The exclusions policy is targeted at all those who seek to stir up tension and provoke others to violence regardless of their origins and beliefs . "
' Amazed and disturbed '
The Westboro church 's website advertised the picket , which was set to take place on Friday , proclaiming : " In merry old England they plan to further enrage the living God by putting on the farce known commonly as The Laramie Project .
" We will picket them , and see if they actually believe those lies they tell about how tolerant and accepting Brits are . "
Hampshire Police said they were aware of the planned protest and officers were monitoring the situation .
The church 's pickets of military funerals have outraged Americans Stephen Sheedy , principal at Queen Mary 's College , said : " I have been amazed and disturbed by what has happened this week .
" [ The church 's views ] are such a gross abuse of Christianity and a gross misreading .
" The show is being put on by a production company , not by our students , but we support it fully and hope it goes ahead without any problems . "
He did not expect any picket by the Westboro church but thought the coverage could actually spark a counter protest against them .
Members of the group - based in Topeka , Kansas - have denounced homosexuality for years and have in the past targeted the funerals of Aids victims .
In 2007 , the church was told to pay $ 10.9 m ( £ 5.2 m ) after its members cheered a soldier 's death as " punishment " for US tolerance of homosexuality .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON : The United States and the United Kingdom stand on the brink of the largest debt crisis in history .
While both governments experiment with quantitative easing , bad banks to absorb non-performing loans , and state guarantees to restart bank lending , the only real way out is some combination of widespread corporate default , debt write - downs and inflation to reduce the burden of debt to more manageable levels .
Everything else is window - dressing .
To understand the scale of the problem , and why it leaves so few options for policymakers , which shows the growth in the real economy ( measured by nominal GDP ) and the financial sector ( measured by total credit market instruments outstanding ) since 1952 .
In 1952 , the United States was emerging from the Second World War and the conflict in Korea with a strong economy , and fairly low debt , split between a relatively large government debt ( amounting to 68 percent of GDP ) and a relatively small private sector one ( just 60 percent of GDP ) .
Over the next 23 years , the volume of debt increased , but the rise was broadly in line with growth in the rest of the economy , so the overall ratio of total debts to GDP changed little , from 128 percent in 1952 to 155 percent in 1975 .
The only real change was in the composition .
Private debts increased ( 7.8 times ) more rapidly than public ones ( 1.5 times ) .
As a result , there was a marked shift in the debt stock from public debt ( just 37 percent of GDP in 1975 ) toward private sector obligations ( 117 percent ) .
But this was not unusual .
It should be seen as a return to more normal patterns of debt issuance after the wartime period in which the government commandeered resources for the war effort and rationed borrowing by the private sector .
From the 1970s onward , however , the economy has undergone two profound structural shifts .
First , the economy as a whole has become much more indebted .
Output rose eight times between 1975 and 2007 .
But the total volume of debt rose a staggering 20 times , more than twice as fast .
The total debt - to - GDP ratio surged from 155 percent to 355 percent .
Second , almost all this extra debt has come from the private sector .
Despite acres of newsprint devoted to the federal budget deficit over the last thirty years , public debt at all levels has risen only 11.5 times since 1975 .
This is slightly faster than the eight - fold increase in nominal GDP over the same period , but government debt has still only risen from 37 percent of GDP to 52 percent .
Instead , the real debt explosion has come from the private sector .
Private debt outstanding has risen an enormous 22 times , three times faster than the economy as a whole , and fast enough to take the ratio of private debt to GDP from 117 percent to 303 percent in a little over thirty years .
For the most part , policymakers have been comfortable with rising private debt levels .
Officials have cited a wide range of reasons why the economy can safely operate with much higher levels of debt than before , including improvements in macroeconomic management that have muted the business cycle and led to lower inflation and interest rates .
But there is a suspicion that tolerance for private rather than public sector debt simply reflected an ideological preference .
THE DEBT MOUNTAIN
The data makes clear the rise in private sector debt had become unsustainable .
In the 1960s and 1970s , total debt was rising at roughly the same rate as nominal GDP .
By 2000 - 2007 , total debt was rising almost twice as fast as output , with the rapid issuance all coming from the private sector , as well as state and local governments .
This created a dangerous interdependence between GDP growth ( which could only be sustained by massive borrowing and rapid increases in the volume of debt ) and the debt stock ( which could only be serviced if the economy continued its swift and uninterrupted expansion ) .
The resulting debt was only sustainable so long as economic conditions remained extremely favorable .
The sheer volume of private - sector obligations the economy was carrying implied an increasing vulnerability to any shock that changed the terms on which financing was available , or altered the underlying GDP cash flows .
The proximate trigger of the debt crisis was the deterioration in lending standards and rise in default rates on subprime mortgage loans .
But the widening divergence revealed in the charts suggests a crisis had become inevitable sooner or later .
If not subprime lending , there would have been some other trigger .
WRONGHEADED POLICIES
The charts strongly suggest the necessary condition for resolving the debt crisis is a reduction in the outstanding volume of debt , an increase in nominal GDP , or some combination of the two , to reduce the debt - to - GDP ratio to a more sustainable level .
From this perspective , it is clear many of the existing policies being pursued in the United States and the United Kingdom will not resolve the crisis because they do not lower the debt ratio .
In particular , having governments buy distressed assets from the banks , or provide loan guarantees , is not an effective solution .
It does not reduce the volume of debt , or force recognition of losses .
It merely re-denominates private sector obligations to be met by households and firms as public ones to be met by the taxpayer .
This type of debt swap would make sense if the problem was liquidity rather than solvency .
But in current circumstances , taxpayers are being asked to shoulder some or all of the cost of defaults , rather than provide a temporarily liquidity bridge .
In some ways , government is better placed to absorb losses than individual banks and investors , because it can spread them across a larger base of taxpayers .
But in the current crisis , the volume of debts that potentially need to be refinanced is so large it will stretch even the tax and debt - raising resources of the state , and risks crowding out other spending .
Trying to cut debt by reducing consumption and investment , lowering wages , boosting saving and paying down debt out of current income is unlikely to be effective either .
The resulting retrenchment would lead to sharp falls in both real output and the price level , depressing nominal GDP .
Government retrenchment simply intensified the depression during the early 1930s .
Private sector retrenchment and wage cuts will do the same in the 2000s .
BANKRUPTCY OR INFLATION
The solution must be some combination of policies to reduce the level of debt or raise nominal GDP .
The simplest way to reduce debt is through bankruptcy , in which some or all of debts are deemed unrecoverable and are simply extinguished , ceasing to exist .
Bankruptcy would ensure the cost of resolving the debt crisis falls where it belongs .
Investor portfolios and pension funds would take a severe but one - time hit .
Healthy businesses would survive , minus the encumbrance of debt .
But widespread bankruptcies are probably socially and politically unacceptable .
The alternative is some mechanism for refinancing debt on terms which are more favorable to borrowers ( replacing short term debt at higher rates with longer - dated paper at lower ones ) .
The final option is to raise nominal GDP so it becomes easier to finance debt payments from augmented cashflow .
But counter - cyclical policies to sustain GDP will not be enough .
Governments in both the United States and the United Kingdom need to raise nominal GDP and debt - service capacity , not simply sustain it .
There is not much government can do to accelerate the real rate of growth .
The remaining option is to tolerate , even encourage , a faster rate of inflation to improve debt - service capacity .
Even more than debt nationalization , inflation is the ultimate way to spread the costs of debt workout across the widest possible section of the population .
The need to work down real debt and boost cash flow provides the motive , while the massive liquidity injections into the financial system provide the means .
The stage is set for a long period of slow growth as debts are worked down and a rise in inflation in the medium term .
The Ideal Soil
This chart reflects our current level of knowledge .
It has been put together over a period of years from many sources , including a lot of personal experience .
It is meant to represent an ideal balance of minerals and trace elements for growing nutritionally perfect food for people and animals , not necessarily the ideal soil for pine trees or rhododendron flowers .
It is fine for lawns , though .
If this is your first time on this page , please read why get a soil test , then take a look at the chart below .
Scroll down and read the " Caution , Warning . and Introduction " that follows it .
It may appear a bit confusing or intimidating at first , especially if you are not familiar with soil chemistry ( or any chemistry ) .
Rest assured that it will start to make sense after a while .
We have packed a lot of information into this website .
Look around , read a few articles .
This information is not easy , but we believe it is the most important missing piece in sustainable agriculture and the health of the planet and its inhabitants .
The Ideal Soil ( Agricola ’s best guess , version 1.5 , April 2007 ) Based on a standard soil test Organic Matter ( OM ) 4 % — 10 % Ideally , as humus .
pH 6.0 - 6.5 Not 7.0 .
Balance the minerals and pH will take care of itself Bases ( cations ) as % of exchange capacity Calcium ( Ca ) ++
60 % — 70 % Ca & Mg together should add to 80 % of exchange capacity Magnesium ( Mg ) ++ 10 % — 20 % Potassium ( K ) + 3 % — 5 % See Phosphorus ( P ) Sodium ( Na ) + 1 % — 4 % See Chlorine ( Cl ) Hydrogen ( H ) + 8 % — 10 % Exchangeable Hydrogen , not a cation ( cat- eye - on ) .
See pH explanation .
Other major nutrients ( anions ) Phosphorus ( P ) - Equal to Potassium ( K ) ( actual P = actual K ) Needs a highly bio-active soil to keep it available Sulfur ( S ) - 1/2 of Phosphorus ( up to 200 ppm . )
Needed for synthesis of essential amino acids .
Chlorine ( Cl ) - 1 x to 2x Sodium NaCl , of course , is table salt .
Minor elements ( of Major importance ) Iron( Fe ) Manganese ( Mn ) Zinc ( Zn ) Copper ( Cu ) all four are bases ( cations ) +
Fe : 100 - 200 ppm Mn : 1/2 x Fe ( up to 50 ppm ) Zn : 1/10 x P ( up to 50 p pm ) Cu:1/2 x Zn Iron and Manganese are twins / opposites / synergists , as are Copper and Zinc. Keep Copper out of fish ponds .
Boron ( B ) 1/1000 of Calcium ( up to 4 ppm ) Essential for Calcium utilization .
Trace elements ( also of Major importance ) Chromium ( Cr ) + Cobalt ( Co ) + Iodine ( I ) - Molybdenum ( Mo ) + Selenium ( Se ) - Tin ( Sn ) + Vanadium ( V ) + Nickel
All of these are essential in small amounts .
1 - 2 ppm is enough .
( Cobalt 2 - 10 ppm )
Some of the trace elements ( e.g. Mo , Se ) can be toxic to plants and soil organisms in quantities above 2 p pm .
Take it easy .
There are probably 30 or so other elements needed in a perfect soil .
They may be found in various soil supplements such as seaweed , sea solids ( sea salt ) , and ancient seabed deposits , e.g.
Azomite , greensand , Planters II etc .
Read the notes and explanation below that go with this chart .
Please .
Caution , Warning and Introduction to Agricola ’s best guess : The Ideal Soil [ version 1.5 ]
April , 2007
Do not just go out and buy minerals and throw them on your garden , field , or pasture .
Please .
Read this :
This chart reflects our current level of knowledge .
It has been put together over a period of years from many sources , including a lot of personal experience .
It is meant to represent an ideal balance of minerals and trace elements for growing nutritionally perfect food for people and animals , not necessarily the ideal soil for pine trees or rhododendron flowers .
It is fine for lawns , though .
In high doses , many mineral elements can be toxic to people , animals , plants and soil organisms .
This is true regardless of whether they are in a naturally occurring or a purified , concentrated form .
Keep them out of ponds and streams .
Any of them , if used in excess , can screw everything up , so let ’s take it easy .
It is much easier to put them in than to get them back out of the soil .
High levels of some minerals in the soil may inhibit sprouting of seeds .
Boron is definitely known to do this .
High levels of free minerals ( not biologically assimilated ) can also “ plug up ” the vascular systems of young plants , stunting their growth .
They may sprout fine but stall out after the first set of true leaves .
This seems to be particularly true after adding high amounts of calcium .
For these reasons it is best to wait until the minerals are chemically and biologically a part of the soil before starting seeds in it .
Transplants usually do fine if you wait a few weeks after adding minerals before replanting them , and we have seen few problems with established plantings , trees , or pastures .
Adding minerals in the fall or in the very early spring works best .
If minerals are added directly to potting mixes they need time , like a few weeks , to “ settle in ” before the potting mix is used .
Adding a biological activator such as beneficial bacteria or fungi to the soil will greatly speed up the process .
The mineral concentrations shown on this chart are safe enough once they are assimilated into the living soil .
If the chart ’s guidelines are followed you wo n’t end up with too much of anything–many soils naturally contain higher levels of available minerals than the chart calls for .
First of all , primarily , and before anything else , please get a professional soil test .
Soil testing is not expensive and most testing labs pride themselves on getting your results back to you quickly , usually within a few days of receiving the soil sample .
You must have a soil test before you add any minerals at all .
This is not to make us happy , but to ensure your happiness in the long run .
You will want to know what you started with .
And if you insist on adding minerals without a soil test , do n’t say we did n’t warn you !
A good soil test will give readings for most of the minerals on this chart and will also tell you the CEC ( cation exchange capacity ) , the TEC ( total exchange capacity ) and the base saturation percent of Calcium , Magnesium , Potassium , Sodium and Hydrogen in your soil sample .
The soil test should also tell you the amount of Boron , Iron , Manganese , Copper , and Zinc .
These are minerals whose function we understand well and it is essential that they all be in your soil in sufficient quantities .
You do not need to know the amounts of the minor trace elements to start with ( those at the very bottom of Agricola ’s chart ) , and ordinary soil tests do n’t measure them anyway .
If you are a very cautious or doubtful person , or the expense seems too great , you may choose not to balance the minerals on the whole farm or the whole garden or pasture at once .
Start with maybe one - half of the area and see how things go , or divide it into two or more parts and treat them slightly differently , for instance putting the whole amount called for on one part and only half that amount on the other .
And it is always a good idea to leave a small representative area untouched as a control .
After a year or so you will enjoy pointing out that area and saying “ See , that ’s what I started with ! ”
The mineral balancing process will probably take around three years .
As the minerals settle into the soil ecology , some will become available to the plants and soil microorganisms and others may get tied up for a while .
Adding a little bit of a badly needed mineral nutrient to the soil may greatly increase microorganism and fungal activity , and may catalyze the release of other previously bound - up minerals .
Adding a little copper may make more Zinc available ( or less Zinc available ) .
You wo n’t know until the next soil test .
If you are truly serious about gardening or farming and having the healthiest soil and plants possible you will want to get a soil test once a year .
For commercial growers , twice a year , in the spring and in the fall is even better .
The spring test will show you what you should apply for this years crop , and the fall test will tell you what to add to settle in over the winter .
Calcium and Magnesium , for example , become much more bio-available if they are spread on top of the soil in the fall and allowed to leach into the soil with the winter ’s rain or snow .
Ignore the pH .
It will self - correct as the minerals are balanced .
Mother Nature and the soil are very forgiving and you do not have to be exact in these proportions .
It would be unlikely to find two soil samples taken one foot apart that were identical .
The soil test will give you the general idea , and as long as you go slow and take it easy everything will be fine .
In the beginning , pay a lot of attention to Calcium and Magnesium .
They are fully as important in the soil as they are in the human body .
In a sandy soil with a low exchange capacity you will want about 60 % Ca and 20 % Mg . In a heavy clay soil with a high exchange capacity , about 70 % Ca to 10 % Mg .
This is because the higher the ratio of Calcium to Magnesium , the looser the soil gets , and as the Magnesium portion gets higher , the soil gets tighter .
You want to tighten a sandy soil and loosen a clay soil .
Once these two are balanced and in the right saturation they will bring many other things into line and a new soil test will guide you to your next step .
Calcium sources : Sweet lime ( calcium carbonate ) and gypsum ( calcium sulfate ) are the preferred sources of calcium .
Gypsum will not make your soil more acid , it supplies readily available calcium , and is also a good source of sulfur , an element that is seriously lacking in many soils .
Sweet lime supplies carbon as well as calcium .
Carbon helps make a soil less sticky .
If you already have plenty of carbon in your soil as organic matter , but are low on sulfur , gypsum is a better bet .
The various rock phosphates are also significant calcium sources .
As a rule , do n’t use Dolomite lime , regardless of what you may have read in various gardening books , unless you are sure that you need Magnesium .
Dolomite is a high Magnesium limestone .
Using dolomite will tighten the soil , reducing air in the soil and inducing anaerobic alcohol fermentation or even formaldehyde preservation of organic matter rather than aerobic decomposition .
If the soil test calls for more magnesium , magnesium sulfate ( epsom salts ) or K - Mag ( also known as Sul - Po - Mag or Langbeinite ) , are generally safer and quicker acting sources of magnesium than dolomite .
Dolomite is an inexpensive source of Magnesium and Calcium , but it is slow acting .
Magnesium oxide is the purest and quickest acting Magnesium additive , but is not presently allowed under USDA NOP organic rules , for some reason .
If one is not concerned with being “ certified ” organic under USDA rules , Magnesium oxide is the best bet .
MgO ( Magnesium Oxide ) is around 50 % Mg , a much higher percentage than dolomite lime ( 13 % Mg ) or Epsom salts ( 10 % Mg ) and it is also a much cheaper source of Mg .
If you are not concerned about being “ certified by the government ” , I would recommend using MgO .
Agricola ’s chart says that Phosphorus and Potassium should be equal , but that ’s not as simple as it looks .
On a bag of fertilizer , such as 10 - 10 - 10 , the numbers stand for Nitrogen - Phosphorus - K( Potassium ) , in that order , but they do n't indicate pure elements .
The N number tells you how much of some type of Nitrogen compound , while the P number actually stands for phosphate , P 2 O 5 , and the K number stands for potash , K 2 O ( K is from the German word Kalium , meaning Potassium ) .
Phosphate is 44 % Phosphorus , while potash is 83 % Potassium .
So , one needs about twice as much phosphate as potash for the P and K to be equal .
A 10 - 20 - 10 or a 2 - 4 - 2 fertilizer would have that correct ratio .
If you are going to learn to interpret your own soil test , it is also important to know what form of P and K the soil test results from the testing lab indicate .
Most labs give the P number as phosphate , P2O5 , so you can take that times .43 and find the actual amount of Phosphorus in your soil .
Some give the K number as K2O , some as actual K .
Ask the nice person who does your testing which they are using .
Although this chart emphasizes minerals , you would not have much luck trying to grow food in a soil that was n’t bio-active even if it contained the perfect mineral balance .
The goal is to get these minerals into the soil in a biological or at least bio-available form .
We add them gradually and let the soil life assimilate them .
In some cases minerals may be added to the compost pile to start the bio-availability process , but we would recommend doing this only if you keep perfect records of exactly how much of what is in which pile .
For example , one could mix a 50 # bag of rock phosphate into a good sized compost pile , but it would be nice to know just how much Phosphorus , Calcium etc was in the bag to start with , and that it was all in that pile and could be spread over X amount of area .
Know all the ingredients of anything you add to the soil if at all possible .
How much Calcium does that phosphate rock have in it ?
Montana rock phosphate contains around 30 % total phosphate ( 13 % actual P ) but it also has around 30 % Calcium .
The Calcium is chemically attached to the Phosphorus in the form of Calcium phosphate .
As the Phosphorus is made available by the soil microorganisms , so is the Calcium .
Glacial rock dust , granite dust etc. are great sources of fresh minerals , but they wo n’t help that much if your soil already contains plenty of the same minerals .
Most of them have low enough numbers of the major nutrients that they wo n’t hurt anything , though , and because they are freshly ground up and sharp grains of rock , they will generally increase the energy level in the soil .
Handy Facts :
The top seven inches of an acre of soil is assumed by convention to weigh two million pounds .
This is referred to as the plow layer , and is where most of the growth happens and where most of the available nutrients are .
So , one part per million ( 1 ppm ) of the plow layer equals two pounds per acre .
An acre is 43,560 square feet , or close to 45,000 sq. ft .
A pound is 453 grams , or about 450 grams .
So one part per million = approx .
2 grams per 100 square feet .
Writing Service Reviews
Recently , as practice shows , the majority of niches in the market are already occupied and there is a very strong competition in any sphere .
The next stage of this rampant growth are sites that track the prices and quality of services provided by all companies competing in the market .
The next step will be resources that compare the quality of tracking of such sites and so on to infinity , but today we are talking about another segment of Internet services .
In such a sphere as writing services , too , spears break and blood is shed , only all this spilled moisture , coupled with slivers from throwing guns , accumulates in itself the Internet portal CollegeQuidditch .
Com .
Here , every gram of spilled blood is carefully weighed , shaken up with a crumble from the unreinforced granite of science and trashed with the chips of those very copies in order to create a ready - made and not a dietary dish at the output — an overview of companies providing services in the field of writing essays .
The site contains , perhaps , all the most prominent writing services and reviews about them , which consist of writing speed , quality of services , staff competence and even their own rating of such companies .
The age of the companies and their authority are indicated .
All these indicators help the bewildered student to arm themselves with a powerful tool that allows them to fight off the attacks of troll and goblin studies , monsters of botany and mathematics .
Amazon.com Inc. , pushing further into the digital distribution of books , unveiled a thinner and faster version of its Kindle electronic - book reader but raised controversy among publishers and others with a new text - reading feature .
" Our vision is every book ever printed in any language all available in 60 seconds , " said Amazon Chief Executive Jeff Bezos at a Monday press conference in a New York library .
The ...
Hey everyone , I ’ve got some exciting news out there for all you PlayStation Network downloadable gaming fans !
I am happy to announce that Sony Online Entertainment LLC ( SOE ) and PopCap have teamed up to bring our hit casual game titles to PSN and PLAYSTATION 3 for the first time ever !
This collaboration has been a long time coming , so we ’re happy to finally be able to talk about it with you guys .
Our first title is none other than the classic online puzzle game Bejeweled 2 .
Many of you may be familiar with the franchise – it has won dozens of awards and has sold more than 20 million copies worldwide .
It ’s our biggest franchise at PopCap and our most successful title , which is why we chose Bejeweled 2 as our first title for PSN and PS3 .
The game is a natural fit for the platform – it plays great , looks great and is as compelling as ever .
And there is a ton of gameplay in Bejeweled 2 – four different game modes , more than 60 puzzles , power - ups , high - definition graphics and much more .
And if you ’re like me , you ’ll sit there for hours playing late into the night , wondering why you ’re unable to pull yourself away !
The team at SOE has been fantastic to work with , and they share our vision of making the best versions of our games possible , with features that are specific to the PS3 platform .
For Bejeweled 2 , that means exclusive stuff like Trophy support and PSP remote play , which you ’ll only find on PSN .
We ’ve got similar exclusive features ( and some surprises ) planned for future games and franchises that we plan to produce as part of this alliance .
And this is just the beginning .
Teams at PopCap and SOE are hard at work developing several more titles for PSN , to be announced soon .
We are so psyched to finally be on PS3 and can’t wait to see you online .
Greg Canessa
Even the most quirky of computer nerds can learn to flirt with finesse thanks to a new flirting course being offered to budding IT engineers at Potsdam University south of Berlin .
The 440 students enrolled in the master 's degree course will learn how to write flirtatious text messages and emails , impress people at parties and cope with rejection .
Philip von Senftleben , an author and radio presenter who will teach the course , summed up his job as teaching how to " get someone else 's heart beating fast while yours stays calm . "
The course , which starts next Monday , is part of the social skills section of the IT course and is designed to ease entry into the world of work .
Students also learn body language , public - speaking , stress management and presentation skills .
" We want to prepare our students with the social skills needed to succeed both in their private life and their work life , " said Hans - Joachim Allgaier , a spokesman for the institute at Potsdam University where the course is being offered .
- Reuters
If you ’re having difficulty with your coworkers , Lord Vader has been known to inspire teamwork …
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
FTV Vault.com.com has a zero - tolerance policy against illegal pornography .
All galleries and links are provided by third parties .
We have no control over the content of these pages .
We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to , please use your own discretion while surfing the links . ©
2008 FTV Vault.com
Pension plans are a bubble that is now bursting wide open .
Five major factors contribute to the crisis : mounting stock market losses , optimistic plan assumptions , longevity ( retirees living longer ) , overly generous payouts , and a surge of boomer retirements .
There are new stories out every day discussing these issues , yet few are aware of them .
Let 's take a look at a few recent headlines .
$ 865 Billion Loss Affects New Hires
State Pensions ’ $ 865 Billion Loss Affects New Hires
State governments from Rhode Island to California have run up estimated pension - fund losses of $ 865.1 billion , forcing some to cut benefits for new hires .
Assets for 109 state funds declined 37 percent to $ 1.46 trillion over the 14 months ended Dec. 16 , according to the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College .
The Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index of stocks fell 41 percent in the period .
After Philadelphia ’s fund lost $ 650 million in the first nine months of last year , Nutter joined the mayors of Atlanta and Phoenix in writing a letter to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson seeking financial help for U.S. cities .
Their November letter cited investment deficits and rising pension costs .
The $ 865 billion in losses , which exceed the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program that Congress approved in October , comes as states face budget deficits totaling $ 42 billion .
To return to 2007 actuarial funding levels by 2010 , the 109 funds would need annual returns of 52 percent on assets , the analysis found .
Annual returns of 18 percent would achieve the goal by 2013 , the center said .
The projections are based on a 5.7 percent annual increase in liabilities and a $ 50 billion increase in assets from contributions above annual payouts .
State and local governments contributed $ 64.5 billion to pension plans in fiscal 2005 - 06 , according to data from the U.S. Census Bureau .
That ’s about 57 percent of the $ 113.2 billion spent on police and fire services .
“ I believe that our members will oppose such initiatives in collective bargaining or in state legislatures , ” said John Adler , a director with the Capital Stewardship Program in New York for the Service Employees International Union , which represents public workers .
The union ’s 850,000 members were in retirement plans with more than $ 1.5 trillion in assets as of Jan. 1 , 2008 , Adler said .
Unions Are The Problem
Pension Law Sparks Outrage
It might have seemed the height of audacity when J. James Marzilli Jr. , charged with attempting to grope a woman , asked the state to nearly double his pension , just 11 days after he resigned from the state Senate in disgrace .
In fact , he was following a well - trod Beacon Hill tradition of cashing in on a law that allows veteran state legislators who retire or fail to win reelection to receive staggering pension increases worth thousands of dollars a year .
A Globe review shows that 14 former legislators are currently drawing significantly increased pensions under the law , including several who left amid their own ethical and criminal troubles .
" It 's ridiculous , " said L. Scott Harshbarger , the former attorney general of Massachusetts and onetime president of Common Cause , a government watchdog group .
" How in the world is it appropriate , necessary , or consistent with any reasonable public policy that if you chose not to run for office or are defeated in running for office that you get an enhanced pension ?
It just seems to me totally unreasonable , and for elected officials this does not enhance their image . "
Legislators , however , have shown little interest in scaling back what one pension official called a " special quirk " in the system .
Vincent J. Piro , a former state representative from Somerville who lost his seat after he was charged with taking a $ 5,000 bribe , used the law to boost his pension from about $ 6,750 - not including annual cost - of - living adjustments - to $ 18,872 .
The law , as it was amended in 1950 , allows any elected official under age 55 " who has completed twenty or more years of creditable service and who fails of nomination or reelection " to apply for a pension increase .
Using a formula based on the lawmaker 's age , years of service , and annuity , the law can boost a pension by as much 400 percent .
Pension officials say the requests are almost always granted unless the lawmaker was convicted of a crime .
No wonder , some say , that lawmakers created the statute .
" If you 're going to stick a little juicy one in there for yourself , why not put one in there if you can't get reelected ? " said Nicholas Poser , a Boston pension lawyer .
Rate - Of - Return Assumptions Questioned
The Fort Worth Employees ’ Retirement Fund — the pension fund for city employees — has taken an enormous hit from the stock - market collapse .
As of Nov. 30 , the fund had fallen to approximately $ 1.29 billion , a drop of nearly 35 percent from its peak of nearly $ 1.99 billion in October 2007 .
City taxpayers should be concerned about potential long - term implications .
The pension fund has already required a sizable increase in support from taxpayers to shore it up .
The more dollars that are pumped into it , the greater are the chances that the City Council will have to compensate by raising the property tax rate or reduce services .
Higher pension costs also make it more difficult for the city to cut the tax rate .
The fund no longer is achieving its long - term assumption of a rate of return averaging 8.5 percent annually .
The Star - Telegram Editorial Board has long urged that the fund lower the assumed rate to a safer , more - conservative assumption .
Assuming the higher rate , yet failing to achieve it , skews actuarial assumptions .
That understates the fund ’s projected long - term funding shortfall and thus paints an unrealistically optimistic picture of its status .
That , in turn , makes it difficult for the City Council and the pension fund board to assess accurately its status and make important financial decisions regarding it .
Ridiculous Actuarial Assumptions
Concerns About Car Makers ' Pensions
The government agency that protects pensions for Americans is raising fresh concerns about the repercussions if one or more of the U.S. auto makers were to collapse , saying 1.3 million workers and retirees could see their pensions slashed if that were to happen .
The head of the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. acknowledged in an interview that General Motors Corp. , Ford Motor Co. , and Chrysler LLC have well funded pensions according to the standard accounting rules applied by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
But by the PBGC 's measures , the pension funds of Detroit 's Big Three would be underfunded by as much as $ 41 billion if one or more of the auto makers went under and killed their pension plans , PBGC Director Charles E. F. Millard said .
" An awful lot of people seem to think these plans are well funded or overfunded , " Mr. Millard said in an interview .
" Each of these plans is significantly underfunded [ and ] in three years I do n't want people coming back and saying , ' How come the PBGC never told us that ? ' "
State of Wisconsin pension checks to shrink
State retirees will see a big bite taken from their pension checks this year , with their payments falling at least 2.5 % and many plummeting by double - digit percentages .
The reason :
The state 's biggest public investment fund lost more than $ 26 billion in 2008 , according to preliminary figures released Thursday .
The cuts , which take effect in May , will be the first time in the 26 - year history of the Wisconsin Retirement System that pension checks drawn on the giant Core Fund will decline , officials have said .
The Core Fund lost 26.2 % of its value in the market last year , ending 2008 with $ 57.8 billion .
It started the year with $ 80.7 billion .
In addition to the market losses , the funds paid out about $ 3 billion to retirees during the year .
Hardest hit by the pension funds losses will be the approximately 113,000 retirees and employees who earmarked half their retirement money to the aggressive , all - stock Variable Fund , an account that lost 39 % of its value in the market last year and had $ 4 billion on Dec. 31 , according to preliminary figures put out by the State of Wisconsin Investment Board .
The fund began the year with $ 7.1 billion .
Approximately 25 % of the government retirees covered by the system had money in the Variable Fund , said Matt Stohr , spokesman for the state Department of Employee Trust Funds .
The portion of their pension checks covered by the Variable Fund will plummet by up to 45 % , he said .
Exact figures for pension payments will be calculated next month .
Calling the 2008 market one of the " most challenging years ever , " Keith Bozarth , SWIB executive director , said his money managers " probably survived it as well as most pension funds and institutional investors . "
Despite the huge losses , Bozarth said , SWIB will continue its investment strategies to ensure it is well invested in the market if a turnaround takes place .
" You can't predict when it 's going to turn or how quickly it 's going to turn , " Bozarth said .
Market turnarounds often happen with amazing speed , he said .
" You do n't want to take your eggs or your ball and go home and then you miss the upturn , " he said .
" We 're trying to avoid that . "
Calpers , Others Rethink Bets on ' Alternative ' Investments
After suffering through 2008 , some big pension funds are having second thoughts about their exposure to private - equity firms , hedge funds and other nontraditional investments .
Across the U.S. , pension - fund managers and investment officers have been scrutinizing their asset allocations , especially toward alternative investments .
In addition to wilted returns , pension funds are leery because some hedge funds have made it hard to cash out , including by postponing redemption requests from investors .
Other pension funds that barreled into private equity have been crunched by capital calls , or demands to deliver cash that are often conditions of investment with private - equity firms .
While those obligations are n't a surprise , many pension funds expected to offset the payments with returns from other private - equity investments .
Such gains have been rare .
" What we saw as an asset before , we now see as a liability , " says Christopher Ailman , chief investment officer of the California State Teachers ' Retirement System , the country 's second - largest public pension fund by assets .
Few bets turned out well for pension - fund managers in 2008 .
But alternative investments were doubly painful , partly because ill - timed capital calls from private - equity firms forced some pension funds to sell stocks into the falling market .
Such sales are one reason why the California Public Employees ' Retirement System is speeding up its asset - allocation review to early 2009 .
Previously , the nation 's largest public pension fund was n't scheduled to review its asset weightings until 2010 .
" We want to make sure that our assumptions made at the end of 2007 are still valid , " says Pat Macht , a Calpers spokeswoman
Canadian Pension Plans Want To Ignore The Problem
A series of reports released last week show many of Canada 's corporate pension plans are struggling to stay afloat amid plunging stock markets that eroded a good chunk of the plans ' wealth in 2008 .
Defined - benefit plans , under which employees are guaranteed a reliable and steady income after retirement , are in trouble as companies are under pressure to make up huge shortfalls through higher contributions .
Meanwhile , defined contribution plans , where retirement benefits are not guaranteed by employers and are based on investment returns , face even bigger problems .
For some companies with defined benefit plans , the pension shortfall creates a vicious cycle : the financial crisis is forcing them to make millions of dollars in extra payments at a time when the economy is in recession and they do n't have the money to do so .
Bryan Hocking , CEO of the Association of Canadian Pension Management , said the sudden financial reversal at many pension plans is causing Canadians to wonder just how secure their retirement will be .
" I think probably a few years ago most of the public would n't have even paid any attention to any of this , " Hocking said .
" Now that it affects them directly , or has the potential of affecting them directly , I think they 're paying a lot of attention to it " .
Several federally regulated Canadian companies have been lobbying Ottawa to change the regulations to give them a longer period to top up shortfalls in their defined - benefit plans " .
They argue that such a move would not be a bailout or require any government money , but would allow affected companies to spread out payments to their pension plans over a longer period .
In his economic statement last fall , federal Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said the government would extend the repayment period to 10 years from the current five , but many in the industry say that 's not enough .
Last week , two reports confirmed plunging stock markets eroded billions of dollars from Canadian pension plans in 2008 " .
Watson Wyatt Worldwide said the ratio of a typical pension plan 's assets compared with its solvency liabilities plunged 27 per cent in 2008 , from 96 per cent last January to just 69 per cent at year 's end .
Meanwhile , Mercer reported its Pension Health Index fell 23 per cent from the beginning of 2008 to 59 per cent - the biggest drop since the index was created 10 years ago .
Evanston , Illinois Increases Property Taxes To Fund Pensions
Facing a $ 140 million pension fund deficit and a growing recession , the major players of Evanston government came together Saturday for their first discussion on the proposed budget for next year .
" The economy , wherever it is - global , national , state or local - it all looks the same , " said Martin Lyons , the city 's finance director , who took over in August .
Lyons led most of the meeting at the Evanston Civic Center , 2100 Ridge Ave. , and gave a presentation on the major points of the plan for the 2009 - 2010 fiscal year .
The proposal includes raising the property tax in Evanston by almost 5 percent , which would generate $ 207,000 in additional revenue .
It also relies on taking $ 5 million from the city 's General Fund and several other cost - saving methods .
This year 's budget is tight , as city officials try to make up for the $ 140 million deficit in the pension fund for police and firemen .
The fund was underpaid for nearly 20 years , leaving the city in a tough position with 24 more years to make up the deficit .
Another reason for the increase in taxes on existing property is the sharp downturn in tax revenue from property transfers , Lyons said .
Tax collections from real estate transfers are down 38.6 percent compared to last year , he said .
The data was through November .
" It 's two things , " Lyons said .
" We have fewer transactions and we have transactions at lower dollar amounts . "
The finance director repeatedly stressed that taxes needed to be increased in order to make up for lost revenue .
He said that although spending cuts were an option , there was only so much cutting that could be done .
" Evanston is a full service community , " he said .
" The whole range of services and then some are provided to Evanston residents . "
For starters , I propose firing Martin Lyons , the city 's finance director ( or voting him out of office , whichever is appropriate ) .
The second thing to do is freeze the pension plan , changing the rules for new hires .
The third thing to do is cut services .
The fourth thing to be done is threaten the unions with Vallejo tactics unless pension cutbacks are agreed upon .
And the fifth thing to do before any taxes are raised is to actually file for bankruptcy .
Blood Curdling Stories
The GENIAC was the first of several similar machines designed and sold by Berkeley :
* GENIAC = Genius Almost - Automatic C omputer
* TINYAC = Tiny Almost - Automatic Computer
* WEENIAC = Weeny Almost - Automatic Computer ( only 60 made )
* BRAINIAC = Brain - Imitating Almost - Automatic C omputer
GENIAC was an educational toy built as a " computer " designed and marketed by Edmund C. Berkeley from 1955 through the sixties .
Widely advertised in science and electronics magazines , the GENIAC provided many youths with their first hands - on introduction to computer concepts and Boolean logic .
Priced at $ 15.95 in 1955 GENIAC was far ahead of its time .
It basically was a collection of configurable ( " hard - wire programmable " ) N - pole by N - throw rotary switches , which could be set up and cascaded to perform logical functions .
The reason I say " N - pole " is that the switches were made of drilled masonite disks that you might wire as a many - pole two - throw , or single - pole multi - throw , depending on what logical function you were implementing .
The kit came with a pretty good tutorial , which , as I look at it , is still useful today .
The projects started with basic logic circuits and progressed to such things as a NIM machine and TIC - TAC - TOE machine .
Back in 1955 the idea of making a machine that could play even the simple game of tic - tac - toe was just amazing .
The " output " device was a set of lamps that would light in response to the " input data " ( switch positions ) and " program " ( how they were wired ) .
Most of us are now aware that on February 17 , 2009 broadcasters around the country will migrate to digital transmissions for programming , leaving viewers using analog only TVs with no picture .
The Digital converter coupon program has been around for much of the year to provide those needing a converter with $ 40 of the purchase price and according to Reuters ; those funds are estimated to run out in early January .
That means that any consumers who need a converter and have yet to apply for a coupon may find that there are simply no coupons left for them to use .
The government set aside $ 1.34 billion to fund the coupon program .
Back in October the FCC warned that the coupon program was n't ready for the last minute rush of consumers who need a converter and it was right .
Meredith Atwell Baker from the National Telecommunications and Information Administration told Reuters , " Once the obligation ceiling is reached , the program will hold coupon requests until funds from unredeemed coupons become available . "
Rep . Ed Markey from Massachusetts says that he believes Congress needs to be prepared to quickly approve more funds for the program in January .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
Some Israeli archaeologists are having a particularly happy Hanukkah , thanks in part to a British volunteer who took time off from her job to work on a dig .
Archaeologists found a hoard of gold coins from the 7th century in Jerusalem on Sunday .
The Israel Antiquities Authority reported a thrilling find Sunday -- the discovery of 264 ancient gold coins in Jerusalem National Park .
The coins were minted during the early 7th century .
" This is one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever discovered in Jerusalem -- certainly the largest and most important of its period , " said Doron Ben - Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets , who are directing the excavation on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority .
Researchers discovered the coins at the beginning of the eight - day Jewish holiday of Hanukkah , which started at sunset on Sunday .
One of the customs of the holiday is to give " gelt , " or coins , to children , and the archaeologists are referring to the find as " Hanukkah money . "
Nadine Ross , a British archaeological volunteer , happened onto the coins during the dig just below the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem .
" To be honest , I just thought , ' Thank God I did n't throw it in the rubbish bucket , ' " said Ross , who had taken four weeks off from her engineering job in England to work at the site .
" I was just glad I sort of spotted it before I disturbed it too much . "
The 1,400 - year - old coins were found in the Giv'ati car park in the City of David in the walls around Jerusalem National Park , a site that has yielded other finds , including a well - preserved gold earring with pearls and precious stones .
They were in a collapsed building that dates back to the 7th century , the end of the Byzantine period .
The coins bear a likeness of Heraclius , who was the Byzantine emperor from 610 to 641 .
The authority said that while different coins had been minted during this emperor 's reign , the coins found at the site represent " one well - known type . "
In that style , the emperor is clad with military garb and is holding a cross in his right hand .
On the other side is the sign of the cross .
Authorities said the excavation of the building where the hoard was discovered is in its early stages .
They are attempting to learn about the building and its owner and the circumstances of its destruction .
" Since no pottery vessel was discovered adjacent to the hoard , we can assume that it was concealed inside a hidden niche in one of the walls of the building .
It seems that with its collapse , the coins piled up there among the building debris , " Ben -Ami and Tchekhanovets said .
The find is a a golden moment for Ross , who said " it is a pity that I can't take it home with me .
But there you go . "
CNN 's Shira Medding and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .
All About Jerusalem • Archaeology
To reduce exposure try the following : avoiding sources of radiationshielding to block radiationdecontamination if the radiation source is in dust or liquid form on skin and / or clothingiodine tablets to protect the thyroid gland from iodine - 131 if presentetc .
These will have to be adapted depending on the exact type and source of radiation .
For example some sources can't be avoided , shielding that works for one type of radiation does n't for another , etc .
More evidence has surfaced that Oompa Loompas inside the Google Chocolate Factory are hard at work on something called the GDrive .
When perusing a file used by Mountain View 's free software suite - Google Pack - blogger Brian Ussery spied a brief description of the long - rumored online storage service .
" GDrive provides reliable storage for all of your files , including photos , music and documents , " the file reads .
" GDrive allows you to access your files from anywhere , anytime , and from any device - be it from your desktop , web browser or cellular phone . "
In other words , the Oompa Loompas are prepping new tools that mimic what other tools have done for at least a decade .
Earlier this week , a Chocolate Factory spokesman declined to comment on the swirling GDrive rumors .
But he did n't miss the opportunity to associate an old idea with new buzzwords .
" Cloud computing is mainstream , " he said .
" The applications people use every day , such as email , photo sharing , and word processing , are moving to the web because it 's easier to share and access your data from anywhere when it 's online , in one place .
" We 're always listening to our users and looking for ways to update and improve our web applications , including sharing and access options , but we do n't have anything to announce right now . "
Some have decided that the mythical GDrive will destroy the personal computer .
But it 's more likely the service will simply provide Google lovers with some extra online storage .
The real concern is that with GDrive , Google will collect even more personal information from the world 's persons .
Google insists it would never share your personal information with the outside world .
But it will when the right legal papers arrive - if it has n't already .
And judging from a recent story from the International Herald Tribune , the Oompa Loompas have no qualms about taking a peek at what you and I are doing on Google 's servers .
Dan Clancy - engineering director for Google Book Search - told the Herald Tribune that he has spent time monitoring user search queries .
While monitoring search queries recently , he noticed that someone had searched on " concrete fountain molds . "
Then he noticed that this someone had clicked on a digitalized version of some obscure 1910 tome involving concrete fountain molds .
And then noticed that they spent four hours reading 350 pages of said tome .
Steve Ballmer once accused Google of reading your email .
But even he underestimated Google 's blithe attitude towards user privacy .
It 's one thing for an Oompa Loompa to monitor user searches in his spare time .
It 's another thing to tell the Herald Tribune . ®
In a new study , researchers were able to generate functionally mature motor neurons from induced pluripotent stem ( iPS ) cells , which are engineered from adult somatic cells and can differentiate into most other cell types .
A potential new source of motor neurons that does not require human eggs or embryos could be an enormous boon to research into conditions such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) and spinal cord injury and could open the door to eventual treatments .
This study is the first to use human iPS cells to generate electrically active motor neurons , a key hallmark of functional maturation that is essential for any future application of iPS cells .
“ To our knowledge , our results present the first demonstration of the electrical activity of iPS - derived neurons and further suggest the feasibility of using these cells to explore how changes in motor neuron activity contributes to the degeneration of these cells underlying these disorders , ” the authors state .
Led by William Lowry , and in collaboration with Bennett Novitch , Harley Kornblum , and Martina Wiedau - Pazos of the University of California Los Angeles , researchers compared the ability of different human cell lines to generate motor neuron progenitors and fully differentiated motor neurons .
“ These findings support the possibility that reprogrammed somatic cells might prove to be a viable alternative to embryo - derived cells in regenerative medicine , ” the authors note .
When measuring the electrophysical properties of the iPS - derived neurons , the researchers found that the iPS cells followed a normal developmental progression to mature , electrically active neurons .
Lowry and his team used skin fibroblasts and reprogrammed them back into an embryonic state , with the ability to differentiate into any cell type in the human body .
They then took those cells and differentiated them into motor neurons .
Neurons are the responsive cells in the nervous system that process and transmit information by electrochemical signaling .
Motor neurons receive signals from the brain and spinal cord and regulate muscle contraction .
The study demonstrates the feasibility of using iPS - derived motor neurons and their progenitors to replace damaged or dead motor neurons in patients with certain disorders .
It also opens the possibility of studying motor neuron - related diseases in the laboratory to uncover their causes .
Motor neurons are lost in many conditions , including spinal cord injury , Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Spinal Muscular Atrophy .
" A primary objective of human embryonic stem cell and human iPS cell technology is to be able to generate relevant cell types to enable the repair of tissue damage and in vitro modeling of human disease processes , " the study states .
" Here , we demonstrate the successful generation of electrically active motor neurons from multiple human iPS cell lines and provide evidence that these neurons are molecularly and physiologically indistinguishable from motor neurons derived from human embryonic stem cells . "
Much may be learned from studying the iPS - derived motor neurons and comparing them to motor neurons derived from patients with neurological disorders to see how they differ .
The next step for Lowry and his team is to combine the motor neurons with muscle cells to see if they can stimulate a response .
If they do , researchers should be able to see the muscle cells contract .
( CNN ) -- President Obama on Thursday unveiled a $ 3 trillion - plus budget that he says will halve the federal deficit by the end of his first term .
President Obama says he can halve the deficit by the end of his first term .
The budget for fiscal year 2010 includes substantial investments in health care reform , renewable energy and education .
The budget also includes big cuts for some programs , setting the stage for major political battles as political patrons fight to save budget items in the months ahead .
Based on the proposed budget , the administration projects the deficit for fiscal year 2009 will reach $ 1.75 trillion , or 12.3 percent of U.S. gross domestic product .
That 's a record in dollar terms and is the highest as a share of GDP since World War II .
Read the budget ( pdf )
Congress received a 140 - page summary of the budget for fiscal year 2010 Thursday morning .
The full details are expected in April .
The government 's fiscal year runs from October of one year to September of the next .
Peter Orszag , director of the Office of Management and Budget , outlined four ways the administration will reach their goal of reducing the deficit in half by 2013 .
Watch Orszag say " no tax increases " in the budget »
First , he predicted the economy would recover because of the Recovery Act and the normal business cycle .
Watch :
What 's in the budget for you ? »
Second , Orszag said the tax cuts for the wealthy will expire as scheduled at the end of 2010 .
That will hit families making more than $ 250,000 a year .
The administration is also closing down some corporate tax loopholes .
Orszag also said the administration is " winding down the war , " which he predicted would reduce costs over time .
Finally , the administration is " making government more efficient , " Orszag said .
The president says his team has already identified $ 2 trillion in budget savings by scouring the federal budget .
Watch as Obama introduces the budget »
Orszag emphasized Thursday that the budget presented is just an overview .
He said that throughout the year , the administration would " continue to examine what works and what does n't . "
Here 's a breakdown of some of the items in the budget .
See a detailed breakdown of department funding
Defense : $ 75.5 billion in spending on Iraq and Afghanistan for the remainder of 2009 , $ 130 billion in spending on Iraq and Afghanistan for fiscal year 2010 and $ 533.7 billion for Department of Defense .
Education : $ 46.7 billion in spending for fiscal year 2010 .
Energy : $ 26.3 billion in projected spending for the Energy Department in fiscal year 2010 .
The budget builds on funds already allotted for programs in the $ 787 billion stimulus package signed into law earlier this month .
See how federal funds will be spent »
Obama 's outline also sets aside an additional $ 250 billion to stabilize the financial system , on top of the $ 700 billion already authorized by Congress under the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
In introducing the budget , Obama slammed what he called a " dishonest accounting " of the costs of U.S. wars , and reiterated his commitment to make government " more open and transparent . "
" For too long , our budget has not told the whole truth about how precious tax dollars are spent , " he said .
" Large sums have been left off the books , including the true cost of fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan .
And that kind of dishonest accounting is not how you run your family budgets at home ; it 's not how your government should run its budgets either . "
He also warned that there will be " some hard choices that lie ahead . "
Some of the proposed spending cuts range from outdated farm subsidy programs to pricey Pentagon weapons programs and the so - called " carried - interest " loophole on Wall Street .
The budget also cuts funding for the controversial Yucca Mountain nuclear waste storage program .
Funding for the program will be scaled back while the administration works on a new strategy for nuclear waste disposal , the document says .
The Obama administration is aiming to save $ 9.8 billion in agricultural costs over 10 years by phasing out direct payments to farmers with sales revenues of $ 500,000 or more per year .
Obama is also proposing a $ 634 billion health care " reserve fund " aimed at reforming the system .
In order to fund it , Obama will ask wealthy Americans to accept a tax increase and wealthy seniors to pay higher Medicare premiums .
The reserve fund will be used only for reforming the system by cutting costs and trying to deal with the 46 million Americans without health insurance .
The budget will leave the details of how to reform the system to be worked out by Congress , and top Obama officials are already acknowledging this is only a start -- it will take more money to get the job done .
Republicans criticized the budget as full of wasteful spending .
iReport.com :
What are you cutting out of your budget ?
" There 's been too much spending under the Republicans over the last couple of years , but if you begin to look at what 's happen over the last month and what 's being proposed in this budget , the president 's beginning to make President Bush like a piker when it comes to spending , " said Rep. John Boehner , the House minority leader .
" The era of big government is back and Democrats are asking you to pay for it , " said Boehner , R - Ohio .
Watch Boehner denounce Obama 's plan »
Mississippi Rep. Gene Taylor , a conservative " Blue Dog " Democrat , also blasted the budget outline saying , " I do n't like it ...
Change is not running up even bigger deficits that George Bush did . "
Taylor noted that he was still reviewing the plan , but he said he was troubled by the additional spending for many government programs on top of the funding agencies received in the economic stimulus bill .
He voted against the stimulus .
Taylor pointed to Obama 's inaugural address that called for Americans to make sacrifices , saying " It 's certainly not reflected in his budget . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , however , praised the budget as " a statement of our national values . "
" The budget is consistent with the president 's message of accountability , fiscal responsibility , transparency from the standpoint of how we approach it .
It reflects the values that he conveyed about investing in education and energy and health care ; also in how we grow our economy for infrastructure and how we support our troops , " said Pelosi , D - California .
CNN 's Ed Henry , Kristi Keck , Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • National Economy • Health Care Costs
The little clinic rests along a graceful curve of Eagle Rock Boulevard also occupied by a karate studio , a barber and a smattering of modest houses , one with a basketball hoop .
The building , marked only by a metal placard that says “ Cornerstone , ” is unremarkable , by design .
In the waiting room , patients sit on stylish lounge chairs , flipping through magazines .
There are dark bamboo floors and walls painted in shades of blue , chosen to foster warmth and serenity .
Each patient is escorted to a back room .
There , workers wait behind a steel , L - shaped bar .
The air is full of Brazilian jazz and the pungent , sugary scent of the only medication dispensed here : marijuana , premium strains of it , dried into meaty buds , stacked up in tall mason jars and sold for $ 15 to $ 20 a gram .
Officials and neighborhood activists in this corner of Los Angeles were taken aback recently when they discovered that their community was home to nearly a dozen of these medical marijuana dispensaries , all within a 2 - mile radius , mostly in Eagle Rock but also in Highland Park and Glassell Park .
The dispensaries , civic leaders say , appear to be legal operations -- not businesses , technically , but “ collectives ” of people who take marijuana to treat symptoms and side effects of arthritis , AIDS , anorexia , cancer and other ailments .
Those expressing concern say it is less about the facilities ’ legitimacy and more about local control -- whether a neighborhood has a voice in determining where dispensaries can open and , in particular , whether so many should be allowed in such a small area .
They argue that in some cases , the clinics are subject to fewer restrictions than a new liquor store -- even a new drugstore or a yogurt shop .
But here at the Cornerstone Collective , few understand what the hoopla is about .
Operators and clientsbelieve firmly that marijuana is vital to the healthcare needs of people who are in pain or have lost their appetites or cannot sleep .
They argue that it is a belief that the California public generally embraces , along with the idea that law enforcement ’s long fight against marijuana has been misguided and wasteful .
It is still a messy debate , five years after a voter initiative and a state Senate bill legalized the possession and cultivation of marijuana for qualified patients .
Local , state and federal laws are in conflict , the courts have n’t been much help and Los Angeles ’ moratorium on new dispensaries will run out in the next few months .
At City Hall , officials are drafting , finally , a set of guidelines for the facilities .
That effort is controversial .
Some law enforcement officials believe that abuse is frequent at the clinics and that some clients do n’t require marijuana , while some City Council members are concerned that the proposed rules threaten the existence of legitimate dispensaries .
But around here , both sides , anxious for direction and certainty , agree that guidelines -- even imperfect and incomplete -- cannot come fast enough .
In Eagle Rock , the debate over marijuana began at another unremarkable storefront , this one on Colorado Boulevard , a pillbox of a building with peeling cobalt paint .
There used to be a comic shop here .
Perhaps the contrast between that child - friendly business and what has been proposed for the site -- a dispensary whose owner has distributed hard - stock fliers promising “ connoisseur quality ” marijuana and a free gram on a client ’s first visit -- has not aided the would - be proprietor ’s chances .
Last May , a sign appeared on the building ’s facade heralding the arrival of a new business : Green Goddess Collective .
It did n’t take long for Eagle Rock ’s activists to figure out what kind of business the Goddess would be .
That raised a question :
Were there any others in the area ?
“ Someone said , ‘ I think there are two or three , ’ ” said Bob Arranaga , an Eagle Rock Neighborhood Council member and chairman of its land use and planning committee .
“ Someone else said , ‘ Three or four . ’ ” A quick investigation found 11 .
“ I was flabbergasted , ” said Brian Heckmann , Neighborhood Council treasurer , an attorney and area resident for 21 years .
“ I was n’t aware that there were any . ”
At that point , Arranaga acknowledged with a chuckle , it became an old - fashioned case of not - in - my - backyard .
Not all , but many of those upset over the Goddess , including Arranaga , had voted for the 1996 ballot initiative that made the use of medicinal marijuana legal in California .
“ That was a state vote , ” Arranaga said .
“ But here ?
In small communities like this ?
I do n’t think anybody really got what we were voting for . ”
The leaders are lobbying the city to deny the Goddess ’ “ hardship ” application , which is required for it to open because of the moratorium on new marijuana dispensaries .
The Goddess was forced recently to abandon another location after a lease dispute ; the facility ’s representatives say that should qualify as a “ hardship ” ; civic leaders say it should not .
Daniel Stein , the proprietor of the Goddess and operator of several dispensaries in the past , could not be reached for comment .
But Frank Paul Angelillo IV , a general contractor Stein hired to remodel the proposed Goddess location , fiercely defended his friend of 15 years .
Stein , he said , is being persecuted for offering a legal public service , one that has made him very little money over the years .
“ I ’m really ticked off .
It ’s like the few trying to tell the many what they want , ” Angelillo said .
“ It ’s not a terrible drug .
This is a drug manufactured by Mother Nature . ”
But in documents sent to the City Council , civic activists have made clear that this is not about the drug .
Many of the dispensaries , they point out , are not subject to the standards that other new businesses are , such as the requirement for public hearings .
They have asked for that to change .
There are also few regulations regarding the facilities ’ placement , resulting in “ clusters ” of dispensaries here and in such places as North Hollywood and Van Nuys .
They have asked the City Council to limit the facilities to one per 3 - mile radius .
“ No one is here to fight medical marijuana dispensaries , ” Arranaga said .
“ We just do n’t like the proliferation .
And we feel we have no say in the matter . ”
Back at the Cornerstone , under the watchful eye of a security guard in a suit , director Michael Backes is behind the bar .
Using a pair of chopsticks , he removes a thick bud from a jar labeled “ Sunkyst ” and holds it under a powerful magnifying glass for two clients .
In measured tones , he offers advice :
Be careful when using marijuana in a recipe ; cooking changes its character .
No , holding one ’s breath before exhaling does not deliver a greater dose .
“ And if you want relief , just hit the sweet spot , ” he tells them .
“ Beyond that , you are burning very expensive incense . ”
Like most clinic operators , Backes keeps a low profile .
He agreed to open his doors to help demystify the facilities in the public mind .
Backes is 55 .
Several years ago , he began suffering from debilitating migraines .
He discovered that using pot -- “ just a little ” -- helped considerably .
He opened his dispensary in March 2007 .
Yes , his mother knows and trusts him to do the right thing , he said .
His revenue is less than $ 1,000 a day , his profit margin in the low single digits .
His stock is refrigerated and stored at 65 % humidity .
He carries between 200 and 300 active patients , each required to have a doctor ’s recommendation for marijuana as a treatment .
He is not open to the public and does not permit sampling on the premises -- “ any more than CVS allows you to take a Percocet in the parking lot , ” he said .
“ I live in this neighborhood , ” Backes said .
“ I walk to work .
I want this place to have zero negative impact . ”
A few minutes later , Ruben Rios walked out with a small canister of marijuana .
Rios , 35 , a manufacturing engineer and father of two , has suffered from an eating disorder since he was a teenager ; he uses marijuana as an appetite stimulant .
Without it , he said , he would eat a banana in the morning and not be hungry until the next day -- and would be 30 pounds underweight .
Today , after a year of marijuana use , the 5 - foot - 11 Rios is a healthy 163 pounds .
“ People think of dealers standing on the corner and shoving things through your car window .
It ’s not like that , ” he said .
“ Marijuana does good things .
It really does . ”
scott.gold@latimes.com
I can safely say the breadth of the 2008 election , more than anything else during my 24 - year span on this earth , brought me into a political consciousness .
And while I am now an Obama supporter , I found myself keying into America ’s political debate well before I was fully aware of the now President - elect , his “ audacity of hope ” or his policies .
Part of this evolution was grounded in my persistent love of all things media .
I followed sites like Daily Kos , Talking Points Memo and The Huffington Post as well as covering Web 2.0 / New Media / the Internets .
And I was struck by the slug for UWire , a college media aggregator — “ powered by the content generation ” — and saw it , perhaps a bit fantastically , as a personal reinterpretation of a “ man of ideas . ”
Because we have nothing now if not a burgeoning of ideas , and we of course now fully depend on the Internet for the majority of this new day in the Age of Information , the Internet - as - think - tank era .
We are awash in ideas and have endless conduits for their discussion and evolution .
As a writer , I do my best to contribute to this think tank we ’ve created and nourished , and it now seems lazy to be a man of ideas and not see that notion go hand in hand with the “ content generation ” label .
Remember : “ Everyone has a blog . ”
My Obama support catapulted me further down the road of political and intellectual ( not that they ’re mutually exclusive … ) involvement .
Something as simple as Obama mentioning Ronald Reagan was enough to keep my eyes peeled for well - grounded arguments of all stripes .
In covering Web 2.0ish stuff I ’ve been drawn to such dynamic conservative - leaning publications such as The Next Right , Reason and Culture 11 , where the conservative agenda is discussed in such a fashion to keep even the most ( self - described ) liberal twentysomething coming back each day .
I thank our President - elect for lighting that kind of fire , a fire I see in a hundred blogs and pint - laden conversations .
There is simply no excuse for the discerning partisan to not enjoy fruitful dialogue coming from the other side .
As Tom Petty sang , “ It ’s time to move on , time to get going . ”
My boss wanted me to put together a column that addressed the Obama transition .
And looking back through my Google Reader and its starred items over the past month , every pick , every address , every riposte has been so fully documented there seems little left to say .
And I write that as someone who is not a guru of any foreign or domestic policy .
The think tank could use some slimming every now and then .
The transition has been personal .
The greater machinations of government and culture are sliding into perspective .
As exhausting as the campaign season was , and as historic as Obama ’s victory is , nothing throws Nov. 4 into sharper relief than the events we are facing right now .
Last Friday
The Huffington Post ’s homepage was taken up with the current unemployment rate : 7.2 % .
Joblessness , the financial collapse , the economic downturn .
Iraq .
Afghanistan .
Iran .
Now , the Middle East is in full reboot mode .
Global warming has n’t gone anywhere .
There ’s the standard boilerplate , our - country - is n ’t - doing - so - hot run down as seen by anyone who , at the least , walks past a newsstand every other day .
It ’s a bit numbing .
Splice Today 's Zach Lupetin wrote late last year on how easy it is for the 24 - hour cycle of bad news to simple wash over the public .
We ’re the rock in the rapids , as it were .
I do n’t call myself jaded or uncaring .
What distresses me more than general apathy , though , is the slew of issues that are a notch or two below global wars and global warming and national recession .
Nov. 4 was no refutation of “ politics as usual . ”
The country held its breath as Obama and Hillary Clinton went into the late spring as nearly deadlocked as two candidates can be .
And yet we watched it resolve itself .
The PUMAs never showed up , evidenced in part by how smoothly Obama hit 270 electoral votes on November 4 .
While a “ national mandate ” is pretty much impossible in red - blue America , Obama ’s transition approval ratings are the near - perfect inverse of Bush’s .
Yet we have Al Franken and Norm Coleman , Caroline Kennedy , Rod Blagojeyich and Roland Burris .
There ’s the whole dysfunctional field of candidate for the Republican National Committee ’s chairmanship .
The election process works fine when there ’s a clear majority , not so much when it comes down to the wire .
Kennedy said she would n’t run for the Senate seat she is currently jostling to parachute into — a fact I find infallibly damning .
I do n’t ignore Blagojeyich ’s legal right , as acting governor , to appoint Roland Burris to fill Obama ’s departed Senate seat .
But watching Burris and other black politicians pull the most brutal use of the race card in recent memory is demoralizing .
I do n’t care much for Al Franken — he ’s the best Minnesota could put up ? — but I do care that Norm Coleman can’t take reality on the chin .
With Obama as my personal , content - generated “ man of ideas ” I ’m content that , at the very least , the right guy will take over next Tuesday .
During the campaign Obama deftly kept racial politics at a minimum ; as president , he will have to navigate the electorate as well as all corners of the government .
His current stimulus plan is laden with criticism — simply put , it is n’t big enough .
There is much work to do .
George Packer ’s “ Talk of the Town ” piece in the January 5 issue of The New Yorker is a fairly poetic interpretation of the transition :
The present moment — this strange moment in our common life , suspended between the fall of financial capital and the crowning of a new hope — is something like that waiting - for - the - crying - to - start moment .
( Not a few of us are crying already — though , as the rule of life dictates , it ’s mostly the little kid who got pushed rather than the big bullies who pushed them . )
On the one hand , we have all bumped our foreheads , hard , on the edge of reality .
But how bad will the bruise , and the bawling , really be ?
In relation to my political awakening , Packer ’s analysis is rather comforting in the sense that the public at large — all generations and demographics ¬ — is waking up , little by little .
But no one should see a silver bullet in Obama .
These are sobering times , and if that means a little less dewy - eyed wonder , so be it .
Washington , DC , is keeping the bars open until 5 a.m. all through Inaugural week .
That should be enough for now .
Homeland Security Goes Hollywood
By Ed O'Keefe
A new reality television show focused on the agencies and employees of the Department of Homeland Security is sure to find fans among bureaucrats and department observers , and also is likely to draw some criticism from those who wonder if a primetime television show is the best use of the agency 's time .
" Homeland Security USA , " debuts Jan. 6 and will profile various parts of DHS , including Customs and Border Protection .
( Photo by Ron Tom / ABC )
" Homeland Security USA " debuts Jan. 6 on ABC .
The show 's producer , Arnold Shapiro ( creator of the CBS reality hit " Big Brother " ) recently told the Hollywood Reporter , “ I love investigative journalism , but that ’s not what we ’re doing .
This show is heartening .
It makes you feel good about these people who are doing their best to protect us . ”
So while the show will highlight the main missions of the department 's 218,000 employees , it likely will not focus on less flattering incidents , like the DHS official arrested for hiring illegal immigrants , the department 's challenges with government contracting , or the inability of airport screeners to unionize .
The department 's office of public affairs was approached by ABC about the project , according to DHS spokeswoman Laura Keehner .
“ We worked with this outlet as we work with many others , " Keehner said , but she could not discuss specifics , because " it 's ABC 's project . "
Keehner was " not aware of any financial benefit " to either the department or the employees profiled on the show .
ABC is likely to share more information when it begins its PR roll out closer to the show 's launch , a standard practice for primetime debuts .
We do know that the show will mostly feature the work of Customs and Border Protection , with some focus on the Secret Service , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Transportation Security Administration , the U.S. Coast Guard and United States Citizenship and Immigration Services .
( No word on the Federal Air Marshals -- an agency probably difficult to tape . )
All of the agencies have cooperated fully with the show 's producers , which is not surprising considering the positive portrayals they 've been promised .
The first episode , called " This Is Your Car on Drugs , " will highlight the work of Borders and Custom Enforcement officers at Los Angeles International Airport , a Blaine , Wash .
U.S. - Canada border crossing , a stretch of the U.S. - Mexico border near Tucson , Ariz . and another border crossing at San Ysidro , Calif .
It also will highlight an incident involving barbecued bats at the International Mail Center in Carson , Calif .
No , really .
" It ’s kind of a combination of the two most popular shows on TV , ' Cops ' and ' 24 , ' " said David Heyman , director and senior fellow of the Homeland Security program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
" Public officials need to find ways of communicating , educating and engaging the public to take part in their own preparedness and security .
This has the possibility of doing that , " Heyman added .
Still , " You obviously do n’t want the filming of these activities to affect the decisions of those that are being filmed .
In other words , you do n’t want them playing to the camera . "
ABC has ordered 13 episodes and has scheduled the show to air Tuesdays at 8 p.m. ET , meaning it will compete against the popular " American Idol . "
Will federal law enforcement and anti-terrorism professionals draw a large enough audience to compete with musical amateurs ?
" The job of homeland security one is a sober one , it ’s a serious one , and one that should not be modified for ratings wars , " Heyman said , noting he has not seen the show and does not expect the department to alter its missions in exchange for ratings success .
But shows and movies about government agencies have succeeded with mixed success .
NBC's " The West Wing " started well , but gradually faded over its seven seasons .
The Showtime production " The Inspectors " about U.S. postal inspectors failed back in 1998 .
Plus , most of today 's successful procedural crime dramas focus on local law enforcement .
Still ,
The Eye plans to tune in for the duration of the program to see how Hollywood handles the department 's numerous agencies and missions .
Will you ?
The comments section awaits your thoughts .
Want to know what else we 're up to ?
Follow The Federal Eye on Twitter .
AMD 's 45 nm Phenom II ( codenamed Deneb ) has the dubious honor of being what may be the most immediately anticipated processor , ever .
Even before AMD had finished shoveling its original Phenom out the door , the company was talking up 45 nm Shanghai ( Deneb 's server - oriented flavor ) , its possibilities , and its development .
Just over a year later , we have our answer .
The consumer - oriented Phenom II X4 940 and X4 920 ( 2.8GHz ) are far stronger products than their 65nm brethren could ever hope to be .
I 'm working on our own Phenom review — a little thing called CES got in the way — but my own early results and overclocking adventures back up what others , including Tech Report , have already described .
Not only does the 3GHz Phenom II 940 outperform the original Phenom in every way , it manages to do so while drawing significantly less power .
According to TR , the Phenom II X4 940 ( 3GHz ) draws 218.9W under maximum load compared to the Phenom X4 9950's 248.1W .
That works out to a 12 percent load power reduction , a 15 percent clock speed boost , and a CPU architecture that tends to outperform Barcelona on a clock - for - clock basis .
I can already hear the Intel fans grumbling , so let 's take a moment and put Phenom II in context .
As much of an improvement over Phenom as it is , Phenom II does not establish itself as a Nehalem - competitor .
This wo n't come as a surprise to anyone who has actually followed AMD 's own guidance on the subject , but if you 've been holding out for a miracle , you can let your breath out .
Intel 's Core i7 is still king of this particular hill , and it 's going to maintain that position for an indefinite period of time .
What Phenom II does do , however , is put AMD back in a competitive position with its mainstream Yorkfield counterparts .
The significance of this should not be understated .
Intel may be throwing all its marketing muscle behind Core i7 , but Core 2 Duo and Core 2 Quad - derived designs still account for most of the CPU giant 's revenue .
Nehalem offers top - tier performance at the moment , but that performance comes with a significant price tag for anyone who currently owns a Conroe or Wolfdale - based system .
Phenom II launched today as an AM2 + part and will migrate to the AM3 platform once it becomes available .
Ironically , Phenom II may prove particularly popular with certain AMD customers who bought 780G boards .
Last year , a number of users who opted for the excellent 780G platform were unhappily surprised to discover that their motherboards could not support the high wattage requirements of the fastest Phenom processors .
The 95W TDP 2.8GHz Phenom II X4 920 should be within the capabilities of such boards , however , and might require a simple BIOS update .
Given the option of a 2.2GHz Phenom or a 2.8GHz Phenom II , I know which one I 'd pick .
Neither a strong launch nor an improved competitive position means that all is henceforth smooth sailing for AMD .
Intel still has the upper hand : Q4 semiconductor sales are shaping up to be disastrous in general , with no relief expected in the first few quarters of 2009 .
For all intents and purposes , AMD is still on life support , but at least now the company has a fighting chance .
A look at what Sony wants , and what it has
In a time when both Hollywood and the gaming industry are just about the only two economic bright spots out there , Sony — a company with a giant foot in both worlds — has turned in some of the worst numbers in its history .
But when asked to explain its lagging game sales , Sony has one answer that it can always fall back on : the PS3 , you see , is n't a system that is focusing on the now .
There may be a trend towards the Wii for a little while , and the 360 may be leading in sales at the moment , but the PS3 is a ten - year system .
In other words , the system is yet in its infancy ... but what does Sony mean by that ?
Is this a decade of gaming ?
Let 's look at some past quotes to see this argument in action .
" We did n't get into PS3 for the first six months of 2007 — we 're into this for the next 10 years and beyond , " Jack Tretton told the LA Times in 2007 .
" A million units one way or another at this point is n't going to worry us ....
The PS3 is ahead of the market , while the Xbox 360 and the Wii were designed for immediate market impact , " he continued .
The sales did n't need to come in 2007 , Sony would pull ahead in 2008 , and besides , the PS3 has ten years !
Everything else will be dust in five or so , right ?
The real ten - year machine : the PS2
The PlayStation 2 was released in North America in 2000 , meaning that we 're a little over eight years into that console 's life .
By every metric , the PS2 has been a huge success , making headlines when its sales passed 50 million units over its lifetime in North America alone .
This is what a ten - year product looks like : a massive early success , a growing value proposition as prices came down with age , and the whole enterprise buoyed by amazing first - and third - party support .
The PlayStation 2 was also at the right place at the right time .
Sony had hyped the system so well , and was coming off great success with the PSone , that it was able to crush Sega like a grape .
In spite of its technical prowess and devoted fan base , the Dreamcast did n't last long against the full might of Sony .
And Nintendo , for its part , had a cartridge - based system that was expensive to release games for ; indeed , those cartridges were just as expensive for consumers .
The criticisms that Nintendo aimed for a younger audience and largely found success with its own games are n't new ones ; the N64 made money for Nintendo , no doubt , but few were invited to the party .
The GameCube , which followed the N64 and found niche success , was in the same mold .
When it came to more adult , disc - based games , Sony had the ring all to itself .
Everyone at Sony seemed to know how good they had it , and they grew the installed base by leaps and bounds , creating wonderful games and peripherals for the system .
Many of today 's gamers can look back on as many warm memories and life - defining moments playing the PS2 as the previous gaming generation could with the SNES .
But Sony grew arrogant during this time , and thought that it could out - hype the 360 the same way it did the Dreamcast .
This was , to put it lightly , an insane miscalculation .
Microsoft is not Sega , and it had the will and the bank account to stay in the red as long as it takes to get profitable .
Sony had never gone against a well - entrenched and successful competitor with as great a fighting spirit as Microsoft showed , and they 're still dealing with the new marketplace .
The second challenge facing Sony was that the Nintendo Wii is n't the Nintendo 64 , and it sure as hell is n't the GameCube .
The addition of a waggle - based controller may have invited early jokes , but Nintendo is dominating the industry , and its wave has not broken yet .
Sony can claim that it's not in the same market as the Wii until it 's blue in the face , but no one can escape the fact that in this economy every dollar given to a competitor 's consumer electronics product is a dollar that you 're not getting .
Just because Nintendo proved that a larger market does n't care about high definition does n't mean you can dismiss the effect those sales are having on your business .
While the Nintendo Wii may have a wider demographic than the other two systems , it is still competing with its more powerful friends on retail shelves .
Take my friends Scott and Courtney , who are usually my case study when it comes to casual gaming .
They 're in their late twenties , they have a baby , and they just bought their first HDTV .
They have a Wii hooked up to it , and Scott wants to get a 360 or a PS3 so he can enjoy some console online play and perhaps watch a Blu-ray or two .
For Christmas , he bought his wife a Nintendo DS , which she plays in the evenings .
She likes New Super Mario Bros .
Now , while neither Microsoft or Sony will ever say that their home consoles are competing with the Nintendo DS , like every family , Scott and Courtney keep a budget for their entertainment expenses , and that DS means no 360 or PS3 in the near future .
It 's a competition , and everyone is fighting each other .
The Nintendo Wii is hurting the PS3 , no matter how much the talking heads want you to forget it .
So while the PS2 is still going strong on a ten - year timeframe , that success is the result of a very favorable set of conditions for Sony , and those conditions do n't obtain for the PS3 .
The Wii and the 360 are formidable opponents backed by deep pockets , and Sony did n't have a fight this hard with either the PSone or PS2 .
This talk was given at the 2009 Jeremy Davis Mises Circle in Houston .
We are fortunate to be living in these times , for we are seeing the unfolding of events long explained and predicted by the Austrian tradition .
Maybe that sounds implausible .
What is fortunate about our times ?
The economy is tanking , stocks have been pummeled , unemployment is rising , and Washington is pursuing the worst combination of economic policies since Hoover and FDR .
Nor does the new guy in charge seem to have a clue about the limits of what government can do .
Consider what it means to live through our times in the light of economic understanding .
Even in the face of calamity , there is no mystery and hence fear is reduced .
You look at department stores going belly - up , and you know why .
You see parking lots empty , and you know the reason .
You have friends losing their jobs , and there is clarity concerning the cause .
You see depositors in failing banks lose their money , and you are not surprised .
Prices behave in ways that shock and surprise everyone else , but you know what ’s what .
In many ways , it is like watching the movement of stars and planets with the scientific knowledge provided by astronomy , or observing the effects of a plague with medical knowledge .
Without the understanding , the events look mysterious , like a curse from the gods , and their patterns appear random .
With the knowledge , with the understanding , we can make sense of the events .
Patterns of cause and effect emerge .
You see events before they happen , like turning the page of a script before the movie catches up to you .
This gives you a sense of intellectual coherence and inner peace — even in the midst of calamity .
If you read what Mises wrote during the Great Depression and World War Two , you can see firmness of conviction and steadfast calm , even as the whole world was going nuts .
Intellectual clarity is the key to seeing the right things and doing the right things .
It is a matter of knowing the shape of things even before the things take shape .
Knowledge provides a means of curing the ill .
It provides a way out , an answer that gives hope .
This is a major reason why people with an Austrian understanding in the midst of financial meltdown keep their wits about them .
Yes , it is more than frustrating to see people in Washington spending trillions in a futile effort to repeal economic law .
It is sheer madness that they are creating vast quantities of new dollars by means of the Fed ’s power , even with evidence from the whole of human history that new money only waters down the value of the old , and does nothing to provide a long - term boost to the economy , and much to further distort economic structures .
It ’s like watching as barbers bleed patients in the name of curing them , or bringing in the witch doctors to cast out demons from people with the flu .
But even if our knowledge of events cannot stop what these people are doing for now , it provides us with a sense of solace in the face of disaster .
We can keep our heads , even as others run around as if theirs had been cut off .
In order to understand events , there is no substitute for doing what the media and most economists refuse to do , which is to look at the big picture and the long view , over decades .
It is a matter of applying the rule that Henry Hazlitt brings home so clearly in Economics in One Lesson : economics consists in looking at the effects of policies not on one group but on all groups , not only in the short run but also in the long run .
From the long - run point of view , we observe an intriguing illustration of the Austrian warning against ever attempting to bail out an economy that is pushing toward recession .
In 2001 , the economy wanted to go into recession but the government would n’t let it happen .
It was the first stimulus package in the new millennium , consisting of vast new funding and vast money creation , with the Fed driving down rates and keeping them rock bottom .
If you look at the short run , it seems that it worked .
But looking at the long run , we can see that the attempt to forestall recession only ended up creating a bigger disaster down the line .
Something very similar happened in the short recession of 1991 .
Clinton came to power and shortened the recession , which only created another bubble in financials that broke and so on , until we are where we are today .
Arguably the last time that a recession was permitted to run its course occurred following the crack - up boom in the end of the Carter years , as a result of Nixon ’s inflation .
Reagan came to power , with Carter ’s choice of Volcker at the Fed .
Reagan ignored the crying from Congress and the press .
He let interest rates rise ; the federal funds rate was 20 % and prime was at 21.5 % in 1982 .
Unemployment reached nearly 11 % .
Inflation fell from 13.5 % in 1980 to 3.2 % in 1983 .
If we include the S&L debacle in this , it was a nearly total blowout , and if Reagan had left it at that , it would have been a model for how to deal with recession .
There is pain and suffering .
But wait it out and you have a fertile ground on which to build a solid prosperity .
Sadly , you also produce a solid financial footing that invites the government to abuse the system , as Reagan did with record spending and deficits .
If we want to look back even further to find better examples of how to handle recession , we can look at 1920 and 1921 .
The less the government did , the better the results long term .
Murray Rothbard ’s own dissertation on the Panic of 1819 is an interesting case .
He took a look at a pure case in which nothing was done to fix a problem .
The problem went away .
What was notable about this Panic is precisely that it never made the history books .
It did n’t because the government did n’t make it worse .
In the months ahead , we are going to witness more of these ridiculously futile attempts to patch up a failing economy , and we are going to pay a big price this time .
It wo n’t be like 2001 or 1992 .
We will be lucky if it ends up like 1978 — 1982 .
More likely , it is going to be worse — and how much worse depends on just how stupid the Obama administration is going to be .
It is hard to imagine that these people will be worse than Bush , but it could happen .
We all must deal with the possible death of the dollar .
Many plans have been proposed through the years that would restore the gold dollar , and many have merit .
They all provide a means to go back to gold .
While they are not lacking in technical detail , they are lacking in something that they can’t provide : the political will to do the right thing .
They are all premised on the idea that our leaders might be interested in doing the right thing .
But the same people that would be in charge of implementing the reform are the very ones who got us into this mess .
It is hard enough in the course of regular life to get anyone to admit an error and reverse course .
In politics , it virtually never happens .
Even in the case of egregiously immoral effects , the political class persists in error , mainly because it is more interested in saving itself than saving society .
Guido Hülsmann points out in his new book , The Ethics of Money Production , that “ governments inflate the money supply because they gain revenue from inflation . ”
This is hardly a new insight .
Hülsmann quotes the 14th - century Bishop Nicholas Oresme as follows : “ I am of the opinion that the main and final cause of why the prince pretends the power of altering the coinage is that profit or gain which he can get from it ; it would otherwise be vain to make so many and so great changes … .
Besides , the amount of the prince ’s profit is necessarily that of the community ’s loss . ”
The techniques are different today but the incentive and moral result are the same .
Hülsmann points to another change : today ’s princes have “ received absolution from the scientific authorities of our day . ”
Princes used to work in secret to do these things , and be disgraced when caught .
Now they announce the policy as responsible statecraft that is consistent with the teaching of modern economics — and the economists stand ready to nod their heads in agreement .
In the face of this , it is time to deal with political reality that no one in Washington ( except Ron Paul ) is even slightly interested in : an orderly plan to restore sound money .
And yet the problems of fiat money and financial collapse cannot go unaddressed .
What ’s more , the institutions of fiat money are failing , and this fact will be undeniably obvious to everyone in a matter of years .
We will look back on the end of the Bush administration as an economic disaster , a capstone of many years of horrible foreign policy moved to domestic policy .
They will be disgraced , as will the new administration that pursued all the wrong policy measures as a response .
The new Messiah will face the same reality that the old one did .
No amount of bluster , political will , determined speeches , and money flowing from the printing press can get around the problem of economic reality .
In an essay written at the end of his career , and recently brought back to life by the Mises Institute , F.A. Hayek discusses the only serious means of reform that is open to us .
We must completely abolish the central bank .
Money itself must be wholly untied from the state .
It must be restored as a private good , privately produced for private markets .
Government must have no role at all in monetary affairs .
Money should be produced by private enterprise alone .
Banks must exist only as free enterprise institutions , with no privileges from the state .
This plan has also been advanced by Ron Paul .
What strikes me is how this accords precisely with what Hülsmann writes .
His book on the Ethics of Money Production ends with a call for an end to all intervention in monetary affairs .
Coinage must be private .
Banking must receive no privileges .
There should be no legal tender laws , no guarantees , no restrictions on currency use — a fully laissez - faire system .
What is further striking about the Hayek , Hülsmann and Paul idea here is that they offer no plan for restoring a gold dollar .
It ’s not that they would disagree with the idea , but they have fully confronted the reality that the idea of converting the existing currency from fiat money to sound money is essentially a 19th - century ideal that presupposes an enlightened class of political managers .
This condition is not met today .
But what is the means ?
It is the same as we propose in every other area of national life : get the government out .
Let the people be free to manage their own affairs .
Stop interfering with commercial acts between consenting adults .
Stop using violence to interfere with economic affairs .
Let the people pursue mutually beneficial exchange based on their own self - assessment of the advantages .
Let property owners accept the risk and reward for their own decisions .
It is the same with monetary policy and banking policy too .
Let failing banks die .
Let profitable banks live .
Let the people choose to use any form of money .
Let the people choose any means of payment .
Let entrepreneurs create any form of financial instrument .
Law applies only the way it applies to all other human affairs : punishing force and fraud .
Otherwise , the law should have nothing to do with it .
What would be the results ?
We can not know for sure .
But history can be a guide in our speculations .
Throughout all time and in all places , precious metals have emerged as the foundation of the monetary system .
I think we can have every expectation that the same would be true today .
Evidence comes from how people turn to gold in difficult times as a store of value , a safehouse from the machinations of government .
Gold , in my view , is destined to be the foundation of a new free - market monetary system .
To this extent , and with this expectation , all believers in liberty can consider themselves advocates of the gold standard .
But we must also be careful with this phrase .
It is identified with a particular set of policies associated with 19th - century practice .
It was a policy choice among many that some favored and some opposed .
A free - market monetary system of the future will not be a policy option in this sense .
It is not something we want the government to adopt as its own .
In fact , we do n’t want the government to adopt any particular policy but rather abandon the policy option altogether .
There should be no policy at all in the sense that this word is routinely used today .
In this way , a path forward in money and banking is no different from the path forward in agriculture , labor , health care , education or any other sector .
The right policy is no policy .
The job of the government is to stop interfering altogether .
Now , I ’m aware that this is a big intellectual leap these days .
But you only need to consider the myriad ways in which government fails at everything it attempts , whereas the market succeeds .
There is nothing about the structure of the universe that confers upon money and banking any special status that requires the government to regulate it , to serve as a lender of last resort , the marker of money , the guarantor of stability or anything else .
A free market in money would work the same as a free market in everything else .
And consider :
We are not asking Congress to intervene with a plan .
No one is demanding that the Fed adopt this policy as versus that policy .
All we are asking is that it not intervene in the attempts by the market to fix the problems that have been created by the central bank and the executive department .
Just imagine what would happen if legal tender laws were repealed and the government stopped intervention in the market for money .
Virtually overnight , we would see the appearance of hundreds if not thousands of new payment systems and alternative monies online .
Merchants would be free to accept any means of payment .
There would be intense competition among them .
Some would be foreign currencies like the Euro .
Some would be new currencies based on existing commodities such as gold and silver .
I ’m certain that we would see a period of wild experimentation take place before the market settled back down again into a standard system that was famed for its reliability and stability and honesty .
Would we be able to endure the process of discovery ?
Certainly .
We do this every day with our shopping online , or searches for good providers of services and products in the physical world , and our habits on how to invest our money .
The market is a process of trial and error , one that never stops innovating and changing .
We see everyday on the World Wide Web how this process of creation and change create the right balance between chaos and order , experimentation and standardization .
This would happen in the field of money too .
In fact , it might have happened already had the feds not intervened to stop the rise of alternative payment systems online .
Wal - Mart might have already entered the banking sector .
We might have a wide variety of currencies available to us .
Google might already have created its own currency based on any number of goods .
We might see a more elaborate use of barter in the online world taking shape , and that barter slowly converting itself into currency .
This might be based on Google ad points , on PayPal dollars , or some other currency .
Had a free market been permitted to develop over the last ten years , we might have an option today .
As it is , we are being forced to stay with a failing dollar system .
What we ’ve been hearing from Washington is that the economy and this country will be patched up by sheer force of will .
If we have hope , and work together , anything is possible .
There is only one thing standing in the way of this wish .
It is called economics .
Economic reality is more than a brick wall .
It is like the sea or the world ’s tallest mountain , or like the force of gravity itself .
Economic forces pay no attention to the wishes of charismatic leaders and their throngs of adoring followers .
However , there is a kernel of truth in the idea that the force of will can make a difference .
Transfer this hope and will outside the institutions of government and into the free market , let experimentation and innovation take place under conditions of freedom , and we will begin to see the emergence of an answer .
We need the government merely to let the market be free of political violence , and we will begin to see our way out of this mess .
The government today is marshalling every resource and every means at its disposal to prop up a failing system of the past .
Meanwhile , we live in completely new times .
These new times are characterized by an international division of labor , global capital flows , digital information delivery , and the slow but systematic destruction of the establishment in media , banking , and finances .
What is emerging to replace them is something that no government on the planet can stop .
Markets will not be crushed and they resist control as never before .
These new times are not the 1930s when a few eggheads in Washington could set most prices and wages and gather the captains of industry to cobble together business cartels .
The economic and financial world moves at the speed of light and is so diffuse that no political authority can act quickly enough to control it .
The establishment is going down .
This is another reason that all believers in freedom have reason to rejoice today .
In 12 to 18 months from now , it will be obvious that there is nothing the new administration can do to patch things up .
Obama will be humbled by the market just as Bush and Clinton were before him , but this time the humbling will overwhelm any attempts to patch things up or put a spin on the much - needed upheaval .
Yes , there is suffering and there will be more to come .
But as a student of the Austrian school and a student of the history of liberty , you have the confidence and clarity to see that freedom alone provides the answers .
It is the time for calm in the face of a storm that few fully understand .
Let us , as advocates of freedom , be steadfast , rational , clear , and focused on the long term .
Be of good cheer and never stop pointing to the truth about freedom .
The answer is not the left nor the right nor the state .
The way out of this mess is freedom .
It is time we defer to it , and to the revolution in the status quo that freedom implies , and give up pretending as if any politician can finally stop it .
Books by Lew Rockwell
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
In this week 's music feature , Martin Cizmar analyzes former Puff Daddy protege Mase and his move from spitting rhymes to rapping for God .
We could n't help but wonder what other musicians have left it all behind for their faith .
Let 's look at the list .
In this week 's music feature , Martin Cizmar analyzes former Puff Daddy protege Mase and his move from spitting rhymes to rapping for God .
We could n't help but wonder what other musicians have left it all behind for their faith .
Let 's look at the list .
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage , and to enhance and customize content and advertisements .
By clicking ' X ' or continuing to use the site , you agree to allow cookies to be placed .
To find out more , visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy .
NEW ORLEANS --
It is finally Utah 's chance to chortle and have the last word and poke skeptics in the eye .
The No. 7 Utes of the Mountain West Conference dismissed No.4 Alabama of the Southeastern Conference here Friday night in the Sugar Bowl , 31 - 17 , to complete a perfect season .
Afterward , they were ready to find an empty playground to prove themselves all over again against Southern California , Oklahoma , Florida , or whomever .
" You tell us where to be , when to be there , and we will be there , " Utah Coach Kyle Whittingham said .
" We are the only ones standing right now with an unblemished record . "
Utah finished 13 - 0 , the second time in five seasons the Utes have finished undefeated and capped off a season with a victory over a team from one of the major conferences that gets an automatic berth in the Bowl Championship Series .
Utah was 12 - 0 in 2004 under the former coach Urban Meyer .
The first woman soldier to flee the US military for Canada to avoid the Iraq war has been ordered deported along with her husband and children .
Kimberly Rivera said on Wednesday her requests to stay on humanitarian and compassionate grounds were rejected .
Ms Rivera is likely to be court - martialled when she returns to the United States and could face up to five years in prison ..
A first class army private stationed in Fort Carson , Colorado , Ms Rivera served in Iraq in 2006 and came to Canada the following year after she refused redeployment .
She lives in Toronto with her husband and three children - the youngest is six weeks old and Canadian - born .
" I carried my five - year - old son with me but when we got to hospital they had to cut off his arm . ''
He said the survivors ran on foot for about a mile and a half until they reached the main north - south road in Gaza , Salahudin Street , where they found civilian cars to take them to hospital .
jan 's home page logic programming next latest
Prolog in Javascript
This is not a WAM implementation , although I would be quite tempted to try such a beast .
No cut or bagof at the moment , but that ought to come shortly .
To - do list
Lets face it , there 's nothing special about the X in X ( a , b , c ) .
. Built-ins : hook to handle predicates with JS definitions .
Parse T1 , ! , T4 as # cut ( T1 , T4 )
as not , bagof .
, . Parse X = Y as unify ( X , Y ) .
as .
Builtins for arithmetic .
String , URL literals .
What do you get when you mix a Lolcat with Soviet - era quips ?
A Rolcat .
Lolcats is that old Internet chestnut in which people put witty , broken - English captions on photos of cats .
Rolcats.com involves an Eastern Bloc twist : Russian is layered on top of the photo , followed by a funny translation .
The real Russian translation suggests that the cat can't sleep .
The meme has spread quickly around the usual blog and social media haunts within the last week .
It spurred some confused onlookers to wonder aloud in the Rolcats blog comments whether these were authentic translations .
Though Rolcats does indeed take its unusual photos from a Russian - language copy - Lolcat , Kotomatrix.ru , the English translations are the creative work of the blog 's mysterious author , who goes by the name Demitri .
One photo , pictured at right , shows a chubby white kitty clawing and gnawing on a rope fence .
The fake translation reads , " Drat , thwarted so close to freedom 's sweet caress …
I dreamed for but a taste of the decadent west , and now my eulogy is sung by guard dogs and alarm bells . "
The actual Russian translation of the Kotomatrix subtext is , to put it lightly , less humorous .
" What can be done about this insomnia ?
The advice is ...
Respondents to Beijing skyscraper fire ludicrously argue against controlled demolition on 9/11 by claiming building was struck by a plane
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , February 10 , 2009
Respondents to an article about the Beijing skyscraper fire linked prominently on the Drudge Report argued against claims of controlled demolition of WTC 7 on 9/11 by stating that the building collapsed because it had been “ hit by a 757 ” .
Following the devastating fire in the 44 - story building that housed the Mandarin Oriental hotel , a blaze that consumed every floor of the structure but failed to bring the building down , we made the comparison to WTC 7 , which suffered limited fires across just 8 floors on 9/11 and yet collapsed into its own footprint within 7 seconds .
Similar points were made in response to a Breitbart.tv video story about the Beijing fire , which was prominently linked from the ever - popular Drudge Report website .
In response , debunkers argued against WTC 7 being a controlled demolition by claiming that the building collapsed because it had been “ hit by a 757 ” .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Of course , as anyone with an iota of knowledge understands , WTC 7 was not hit by a plane on 9/11 .
After a respondent named BIll raises the issue of WTC 7 , ‘ JackieO ’ responds , “ Bill , your a stupid idiot leftwing scumbag .
WTC7 was hit by a 757 you inbred idiot ! ”
Later in the thread , another respondent , ‘ JefoRW ’ states , “ Bill , you my friend , and retarded .
wtc7 was struck by a plane you fool .
Go back to your cave . ”
And so it appears as though many proponents of the official 9/11 story and debunkers of 9/11 truth actually believe that WTC 7 was hit by a plane , and those that point out that it was n’t are ‘ inbred cave - dwelling retards ’ .
Perhaps this gives us an insight into what kind of mental disposition is necessary for such fairy tales as hijackers ’ paper passports being found , hostile planes being allowed to traverse the country unimpeded and ‘ they attacked us because they hate our freedom ’ to be readily accepted without question .
In reality , the only ‘ inbred cave - dwelling retards ’ are those unfortunate knuckleheads still unwilling to accept the fact that WTC 7 was not hit by a plane and that its collapse can only be explained by controlled demolition .
This article was posted : Tuesday , February 10 , 2009 at 5:16 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Brett Hillyard / istock
" The answer depends on what you refer to as tides , " according to Todd Ehret , a physical oceanographer at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" Most people think of tides as a periodic change in the surface level of a body of water , created by the gravitational force of the moon and the sun .
But are you looking at theoretical differences or real and measurable differences ? "
How about Vince Vaughn 's bathtub ?
" The gravitational forces of the moon and sun are felt everywhere by everything .
In theory , these forces can be felt in objects as small as a drop of water , but that tide would only exist at the subatomic level .
For all practical purposes , it takes a very large body of liquid to have a tide .
There is a tidal effect in the Great Lakes [ of ] less than one inch in height .
They are considered nontidal . "
So , Oprah 's bathtub ?
" To have a true tidal effect — something that can be seen and measured — you need a body of water the size of an ocean or sea . "
Got a question ?
Send it to answerfella@esquire.com .
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Loving Chrome for the ability to create application shortcuts , especially because I 'm considering using Airset as the calendaring / contact / whatever group app for the NP agency where I work .
I can create an app shortcut to load the Airset " web desktop " in a window with no distractions and it looks like its own application .
Having the ability to switch profiles ( assuming they can be password protected and associated with different application shortcuts ) would be the final piece I need .
Other than that , it 's OK I guess .
10 ways to make money from online communities
Many people complain that online communities can’t make money – they are wrong , though .
In this article I will briefly cover ten ways you can make money from your online community .
1. Interstitials & Popups
Let ’s get these out of the way first .
Avoid them – simple as that .
Benefits :
Hate your site ’s visitors ?
Drive them away AND make money !
Disadvantages :
You annoy your visitors
You drive visitors away from your website
They distract from your content
Many companies and networks will refuse to work with sites that contain popups or interstitials
Nobody likes them , everyone hates them , use them only if you want to show your visitors just how little respect you have for them
2. Banner Advertising
The old staple of online advertising comes in the form of banners .
You can run banners on your site on a cost per click ( CPC ) basis , a cost per thousand impressions ( CPM ) basis , or a cost per action ( CPA ) basis .
From a forum owner ’s point of view , very often CPM deals are the most profitable as forums generate a proportionately large number of pageviews per visitor .
However , most big advertisers shy away from advertising on forums and this is one reason why .
You will likely sell banner advertising privately through your site .
Alternatively you may find an advertising network that wants to run targeted banners on your community .
Just ensure that you change graphical banners regularly to avoid ad burnout .
Benefits :
Easy to implement
Wide range of sizes
Freedom to position banners anywhere on your site
Disadvantages :
Some visitors may be ‘ ad blind ’
Need to ensure banners are regularly updated and replaced
Ads may be blocked by certain browsers
3. Affiliate Programs
If you have a highly targeted niche audience , you are almost certainly losing out on revenue if you are not advertising affiliate programs .
Simply sign up directly with a merchant , or through an intermediary such as TradeDoubler and you will earn money for each visitor , lead or sale you send to the site you are partnering with .
My oldest site , Just Chat has an affiliate relationship with EasyDate which brings in a good amount of consistent monthly revenue .
Benefits :
Huge number of different affiliate programs to choose from
Easy to find potential affiliate partners
Potential to negotiate better rates if you send quality traffic
Disadvantages :
If you send poorly converting traffic , you may earn nothing
Potential for merchant to reject or decline portions of your earnings
Merchant may end the relationship at any time
4. Text Links
Selling text links in your online community can be profitable – especially if you have a highly targeted audience .
Some sites will also want to advertise on highly - trafficked sites or those that are popular with the search engines in an attempt to boost their own rankings .
If you decide to sell text links on your site , you need to consider whether to disclose the fact that the links are paid placements .
You also need to be aware that Google may punish you by lowering your site in the search engine results if you sell text links without adding the ‘ nofollow ’ tag .
If you do n’t want to sell text links privately , you may like to take a look at sites such as Text Link Ads .
Benefits :
Paid revenue for text placement rather than ad performance
Once you add the text link you can forget about it until the end of the advertising period
Can be relatively unintrusive yet profitable
Disadvantages :
Ethical questions are raised – should you publicise the fact the links are paid placements ?
Possible ‘ punishment ’ from Google
5. Contextual Advertising
Perhaps the easiest of all the options to implement , Google AdSense is seen on almost every online community .
I used to run AdSense on the Just Chat message boards but soon removed it as it was only making a couple of pounds each day .
Depending on your niche and the placement of your ads , you can make good money with AdSense , though – I still use it on the chat room pages at Just Chat as most of the ads served there are for dating sites which offer a pretty good amount of revenue per click .
If advertisers are keen to gain exposure amongst your community ’s audience , you stand to make good revenue .
Just make sure you always experiment with the placement of your AdSense blocks , as well as their appearance .
Another form of contextual advertising is offered by companies such as Kontera – when you add their code to your pages , certain words will link to advertiser websites and you earn money for each click .
This kind of advertising can distract from your content though , and if used in forums you may upset members who see you directly profiting from ‘ their ’ content .
Benefits :
Easy to implement
Easy to apply for
Automatic ad serving means you do n’t have to worry about changing banners or ad code
Disadvantages :
Contextual advertising does n’t always work
Some niches and keywords earn pitiful amounts
In - text advertising can be distracting from content
6. Sponsored Posts
This is so straightforward I am surprised more forums are not doing it .
Upon paying a fee to you , advertisers can write a sponsored post in your forum .
For example , let ’s say you have a forum dedicated to pets .
A dog food company may be looking to advertise on your site – upon payment of a fee , you allow them to make a post in your ‘ Dog Care ’ forum , advertising their product or service .
Alternatively , you could get them to email you the ad copy and you can post it in the forum yourself .
Make the post ‘ Sticky ’ so that it stays at the top of the forum for the designated advertising period .
Benefits :
No messing around with your website ’s code
Fast and easy setup
Location within forum will result in good exposure for the advertiser
Disadvantages :
Members may resent advertiser intrusion into forums
Members may not be aware of what posts are ‘ genuine ’ and which are ads
7. Email Marketing
All websites should be building an email list of their visitors .
An opt - in subscriber list is a valuable marketing tool .
You can use your email list to build relationships with your visitors , and also to market to them .
Make sure you only send advertising messages to those that have given you explicit permission to do so .
Many companies will be interested in using your subscriber database to send promotional emails – mainly through affiliate networks , but also through private channels .
Benefits :
Quick and easy – send the email and the campaign is over
Very little effort required once you have a sizeable subscriber base
Disadvantages :
You need explicit permission from every person you wish to email
You need a sizeable subscriber list to interest advertisers
Excessive emails may result in people unsubscribing from your list
8. Paid Memberships
If your community offers fantastic content and highly passionate members , you could introduce paid memberships .
Members that pay a weekly / monthly / annual fee can access restricted areas of your community , or enjoy additional features .
I have never made sections of my online communities exclusively for paid members , but that is not to say I wo n’t in the future .
I do allow people to register their choice of chat name for an annual fee , though .
Benefits :
Subscriptions should create predictable , regular income
Create members who are even more loyal ( if they pay , they ’ll want to stay )
Disadvantages :
Your content or additional features must be worth at least the price you are asking
If you let down a paying member of your community , your reputation will suffer
You need to ensure free members still feel valued
9. Co-Registration
Type ‘ co - registration ’ into Google and see how many results are returned .
If people need to register to use your site , then you can potentially make money from every single member through co-registration .
Basically , you share information contained within your registration form ( and sometimes add additional fields ) with advertisers who will pay you for the information .
Just make sure that registrants know what information you are sharing , and make it optional – you do not want to put off genuine members for the sake of a few dollars .
Benefits :
Once the co-reg form is up , no further effort required
Passive way of generating income
The more members register , the more you earn
Disadvantages :
You may loose potential new members
If advertisers misuse the information you share , your reputation will suffer
10 .
Sell your own products
Online communities are a fantastic way for brands to build relationships with their customers .
If you have a product or service to sell , you can develop an online community in order to learn more about your customers and build customer loyalty .
Benefits :
You are retaining your site traffic
You are not promoting potential competitors
You build relationships with your customers
Disadvantages :
If you sell bad products or services , your online community will suffer
Your online community should complement your products or services
More effort may be needed to maintain a community based around a single product or service
Conclusion
There are a number of ways you can make money with an online community – I have only covered ten methods in this article .
I am sure I have missed some , and I know there is a lot of additional detail I have excluded ( this article is already over 1,500 words in length ! ) .
I merely wanted to show that there are more ways of making money with your online community than just slapping up some Google AdSense code .
Your thoughts
How does your online community make money ?
Do you use any of the methods I have mentioned ?
What have I missed out ?
Feel free to name the companies you work with ( but please no affiliate links ) .
Share this community building advice
Similar Posts
In 2006 , a French proposal similar to the one being discussed on the Isle of Man made it to Parliament , but it was rejected after fierce lobbying from copyright owners .
The government later threw its weight behind a new approach : requiring Internet service providers to disconnect persistent pirates .
Image John Kennedy , head of a trade group , calls the proposal unfair to broadband users who do not download music .
That plan is still wending its way through the legislature , but it has drawn interest elsewhere , including in Britain .
( While the Isle of Man shares a head of state with the United Kingdom  the queen  it has its own parliament and makes its own laws . )
There , policy makers are dangling the threat of a system like France ’s plan to disconnect pirates , to try to get Internet providers and the music companies to agree on ways to stimulate the development of legitimate digital music sales and to curb piracy .
While the Recording Industry Association of America , which represents the major labels in the United States , has backed away from a nearly six - year campaign of litigation against individual file - sharers , the music companies ’ continuing effort to battle piracy in other ways dismays some analysts .
“ They spend 90 percent of their time trying to keep me from doing what I want to do and 10 percent of their time trying to make it possible , ” said Gerd Leonhard , author of “ The Future of Music . ”
Actually , the major music companies  Universal Music Group , Sony Music Entertainment , Warner Music Group and EMI  have grown considerably more flexible in recent months , making their music available in ways they might once have considered unthinkable .
New services offering “ free ” music , bundled into the cost of a broadband subscription or financed by advertising , are proliferating .
“ On the drawing board , these are very virtuous models , but it ’s all about getting the right implementation , ” said Michael Nash , executive vice president for digital strategy and business development at Warner Music .
“ You do n’t want to completely displace all your existing consumers and end up with a lower - value model . ”
Uncle Sam appears to have gone from matchmaker to Godfather .
Witness the perplexing tale of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch .
The merger shows the rule of law becoming a rule of awe , with top government officials apparently fiddling with corporate transparency that is essential to a functioning market .
The action reached a climax in mid-December , when Bank of America Chief Executive Kenneth Lewis scrambled to handle billions in unexpected losses from the Merrill deal .
He rushed to see Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
In a Dec. 17 meeting , Messrs .
Paulson and Bernanke suggested it was in BofA 's own interest , and also the nation 's , to stay the course .
They ultimately offered Mr. Lewis a $ 138 billion package of taxpayer - funded incentives not to scrap the deal .
Mr. Lewis kept his mouth shut .
The deal closed Jan. 1 , valued at $ 24 billion .
Last week , the bank came clean .
In the past five trading days , Bank of America 's market capitalization has dropped 45 % , wiping away a sum greater than the Merrill transaction itself .
Much criticism has been heaped on Mr. Lewis for failing to disclose the loss once it was revealed , soon after the Dec. 5 shareholder vote .
Had they known of the problems , shareholders might have pressed to recut or kill it before it closed .
" It 's extremely disappointing , " said Bill Shaw , who holds 300,000 BofA shares at Mavrix Fund Management in Toronto .
Inner city kids have it hard for a variety of reasons .
From poverty to low performing schools , these children often suffer from poor diets and nature deficit disorder .
A new study published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine has found that greener ( i.e. vegetation in yards , parks , etc. ) inner city neighborhoods result in healthier children .
Researchers from the University of Washington , Indiana University , Purdue University and Indiana University School of Medicine followed more than 3,800 children between the ages of 3 and 16 for over two years .
The predominantly African American and poor children ’s neighborhoods were measured for “ greenness ” by using satellite imaging data of vegetation .
Janice F. Bell , PhD , University of Washington assistant professor in the department of Health Services at the School of Public Health and Community Medicine , explains the results :
This study ’s findings align with previous research linking exposure to green landscapes with health improvements .
Among adults , greenness is associated with less stress and lower [ body mass index ] , improved self - reported health and shorter post - operative recovery periods .
Among children and youth , the positive health effects of green landscapes include improved cognitive functioning and reduced attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms .
The study also found children from green city neighborhoods were slimmer , but the study did not consider the ways children live and play in urban environments .
The results of the study are logical and not surprising .
The more nature that surrounds us , even in the concrete jungle , the better it is for our body and souls .
I hope the results of this study will be used to promote the planting of green spaces in more urban environments , instead of leaving it up to the guerilla gardeners .
Image : Bob Jagendorf on Flickr under a Creative Commons License
HarperCollins is paying Nick Douglas a five - figure sum for Twitter Wit , a book of the Gawker alum 's favorite Twitter posts .
Is getting paid for aggregating other people 's " tweets " as lazy as it sounds ?
Because it sounds somehow even lazier than making a book out of your mom's email messages , a scheme hatched up , perhaps not coincidentally , by another Gawker writer .
Douglas insists the work is backbreaking — " reading a thousand jokes is like watching five hours of porn " — but he 's already automated the process of collecting submissions and permissions .
Those who make it into the book get no royalties , but a free copy of the work ensures they at least wo n't have to pay to see their own content in printed format .
So we 've seen blog books , internet cat - picture books , a family email book and now the first book collection of tweets .
Remember when the internet was the desperate medium , and had to steal its content from the incumbent players , rather than everything working the other way around ?
Those sure were the days .
News in Science
Christmas Island rats wiped out by disease
A new study has concluded that native rats found on Australia 's Christmas Island more than 100 years ago , fell prey to " hyperdisease conditions " caused by a pathogen that led to its extinction .
The study , published in the latest issue of the journal PLoS One , presents the first evidence for extinction of an animal entirely due to disease .
The researchers say it 's possible for any animal species , including humans , to die out in a similar fashion , although a complete eradication of Homo sapiens would be unlikely .
" I can certainly imagine local population or even citywide ' extinction , ' or population crashes due to introduced pathogens under a condition where you have a pathogen that can spread like the flu and has the pathogenicity of the 1918 flu or Ebola viruses , " says co-author Assistant Professor Alex Greenwood of Old Dominion University , Virginia .
The 1918 flu killed millions of people , while Ebola outbreaks have pushed gorillas close to extinction .
Deathly ill
For the Christmas Island study , Greenwood and his colleagues collected DNA samples from the island 's now - extinct native rats , Rattus macleari and R. nativitatis , from museum - housed remains dating to both before and after the extinction event , which occurred between 1899 and 1908 .
Co-author Ross MacPhee , a curator of vertebrate zoology at the American Museum of Natural History in New York , explains that Charles Andrews of the British Museum documented at the time that black rats were first brought to the island via the SS Hindustan in 1899 .
The ship - jumping black rats then carried a protozoan known as Trypanosoma lewisi .
A related organism causes sleeping sickness in humans .
" Fleas are the intermediate host for one of the developmental stages of Trypanosoma , and the only likely method ( of disease spread ) is infected fleas crossing from black rats to endemic rats , " says MacPhee .
After the Hindustan 's arrival , the native island rats were observed staggering around deathly ill on footpaths .
Shortly thereafter , they were never seen again .
The museum DNA samples showed that Christmas Island native rodents collected before the black rats invaded the island were not infected with the protozoan , but six out of 18 collected post - contact were infected .
" Not every rat would have to be infected , " Greenwood explains .
" If you push a population down to an unsustainable number then it will collapse .
In addition , if a substantial number of reproducing individuals became infected and ill , even if they survived the infection , their reproduction rate may be lowered and lead to a population crash . "
Island species
Scientists are currently concerned about the future of Tasmanian devils , which have been dying in record numbers due to devil facial tumor disease , a contagious cancer for which the carnivorous marsupials appear to have no immunity .
Island species seem to be more vulnerable to extinction by disease .
In a prior study , MacPhee determined that at least 80 % of all species - level losses during the past 500 years have occurred on islands .
" The general explanation for islander susceptibility would presumably be that island denizens live in a sort of bubble , protected by water barriers from diseases prevalent on mainlands or elsewhere , " says MacPhee .
" But when the bubble is broken - think measles epidemics in Iceland in the 19th century - the mortality can be extreme . "
Associate Professor Karen Lips , of Southern Illinois University , says that the new research was " well done and convincing , despite the limited number of samples available . "
She also pointed out that island - like conditions exist within mainland areas .
" I work up on mountaintops , another kind of island with high endemism , which is greatly affected by emerging infectious disease , " she says .
Elk in North America , for example , have suffered worrisome population losses due to wasting diseases induced by prions .
Various South Pacific fruit bats and amphibians are also under threat now due to infectious diseases .
" What can be done ? " asks MacPhee .
" Probably nothing other than captive conservation , " he says .
" Most wildlife biologists are hoping that such diseases , although severe , will eventually accommodate and the species will pull through . "
Waiting for Obama The Arab World Looks to a New America
The US has long been a model for many parts of the Arab world , but the Bush administration 's foreign policy led to rifts .
Now , the region has high hopes from America , but they are n't sure what to expect from President - elect Barack Obama .
PETA has released a downloadable videogame parody of the Cooking Mama series usually found on Nintendo game consoles .
The game includes such family friendly activities as plucking feathers and removing the internal organs from a dead turkey .
Not to spoil the ending , but after preparing the whole bloody Thanksgiving dinner from slaughter to oven , Mama has a change of heart and opts for a Tofurkey instead.[ social_buttons ]
“ We ’re having a bit of fun at Mama ’s expense , but there ’s nothing funny about the suffering endured by turkeys and other animals who are killed for food , ” said PETA ’s Joel Bartlett .
“ With all the delicious vegan alternatives available , there ’s no need to make the carcass of a tormented bird the centerpiece of your Thanksgiving table . ”
Agree or disagree with PETA ’s message , you ’ve got to admit that this is a well - executed campaign .
Hell , the graphics and controls might even be better than the first Cooking Mama Wii .
To check it out in all its gory glory , visit the game ’s site .
Image Credit : PETA
An International Journal on the Teaching and Learning of Statistics
Bree Walker is a Warrior ( Photos )
is a progressive talk show radio host , news anchor , investigative reporter , actress and warrior for disability rights and progressive causes .
She inherited a rare genetic condition called ectrodactyly .
Her fingers and toes are fused together .
She hid the condition with a pair of glove - like prosthetic hands early in her career but has since gone public with her condition and has continued to have a successful broadcasting and acting career .
She has been married three times .
He latest ex-husband is sportscaster Jim Lampley .
They have a son and daughter who also share Bree 's condition .
She and Lampley have 14 projects in development through her TV and movie production company .
Among her co-production credits are a cult hit Welcome to Hollywood and NBC's Race Across America .
Walker is a regular contributor to New Image magazine and is a popular guest speaker on issues pertaining to diversity and self - esteem .
Walker owns Camp Casey , a five acre site she purchased from war activist Cindy Sheehan for $ 87,000 in June 2007 .
Bree plans to preserve Camp Casey as a permanent symbol of the grassroots movement that allowed dissident voices to be heard across America .
More photos below and a video showcasing her children and their medical mystery .
Enlarge By Colin Mulvany , AP / The Spokesman - Review Candi Shoner , right , and daughter Holli shop at a Target last month in Spokane Valley , Wash .
In the holiday season , some folks might quibble with the notion that it is better to give than receive .
But what about taking ?
" Nobody likes that , " says psychologist Boaz Keysar of the University of Chicago .
In experiments described in the Psychological Science journal , Keysar and colleagues played a game with volunteers to see how they responded to being given cash or having it taken away .
Walkie - talkie - equipped study researchers approached 100 people on a Chicago beach and asked them to participate in an experiment .
In one group , each player was given an envelope with $ 10 and told that another unseen person was going to take some of that money .
Ostensibly , the amount was determined by a random number drawn from a hat and conveyed by walkie - talkie , but in reality , the amount taken was always $ 5 .
In the other group , each player was told that another , unseen person had an envelope with $ 10 and was going to give some of that money to him or her .
Again , the amount given was $ 5 .
Then the members of each group were told that they were being given $ 10 but were asked to give some of that money to the unseen person .
People who had just been unexpectedly " given " cash typically decided to hand over $ 6 to the other person .
But , even though they knew it was just a game , the people who had cash " taken " from them gave just about $ 4.50 .
" People perceive an intention to harm them from the taking side , and they act on it to punish the other person , " says social psychologist David Schroeder of the University of Arkansas - Fayetteville , who was not part of the study .
No surprise there , he says , " but a lot of these ' duh ' ideas turn out not to work that way when they are studied .
This one very clearly does . "
Keysar suggests that " the lesson from the study is , you probably need to do more than you think to make up to a person who feels slighted .
It 's not enough to just apologize . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 28 , 2009 under Unique Gift Ideas
… or better said “ how to make a pink Hello Kitty laptop from scratch ” .
Two team members from exonome have explained on their website a step - by - step tutorial on how to create a pink Hello Kitty laptop with fur .
Even if we wo n’t tell you the entire story we invite you to see the final result in the images and tell us how you like it .
For detailed instructions you may visit the website and read them all , but do this only if you are sure you want to work on this , because it will take a significant amount of time .
The designers have used include a laptop computer , spray paint in pink and red , Hello Kitty decals as well as some pink fur for the margins and the mouse .
Even if the pink Hello Kitty laptop is not for sale it looks cool enough to give you ideas does n’t it ?
WASHINGTON --
The U.S. government is close to finalizing a deal that would give billions in additional aid to Bank of America Corp. to help it close its acquisition of Merrill Lynch & Co. , according to people familiar with the situation .
Discussions over these funds began in mid-December when Bank of America approached the Treasury Department .
The bank , already the recipient of $ 25 billion in committed federal rescue funds , said that it was unlikely to complete its Jan. 1 purchase of the ailing Wall Street securities firm ...
PRINCETON , NJ -- A new USA Today / Gallup poll , conducted Jan. 9 - 11 , finds 34 % of Americans approving of the overall job George W. Bush is doing as president and 61 % disapproving .
Those ratings are a shade better than what Bush has received for most of the past year , and may represent the kind of lame - duck approval bounce Gallup has seen for other presidents .
Bush had been averaging a 29 % approval rating for the last quarter of his presidency up to now -- identical to his average approval ratings for each of the previous two quarters .
Individual Gallup approval readings on Bush exceeded that figure several times in the past year , including a 33 % reading in September .
However , the current 34 % approval score is Bush 's highest since January 2008 , and a sharp improvement from the 25 % recorded right before the November elections .
Bush mainly has members of his own party to thank for the fact that he is ending his presidency with an approval rating above 30 % .
Republicans ' approval of him rose from 67 % in mid-December to 75 % in the current poll -- their highest rating of Bush in nearly a year .
By contrast , approval of Bush remains extremely scarce among Democrats , and continues to fall under 30 % among independents .
Historical Exit Ratings
Bush joins Jimmy Carter and Harry Truman as presidents since the end of World War II whose final job approval ratings in office registered in the low 30s .
In one sense , Bush 's final rating is worse than either Carter 's or Truman's , because his disapproval score is significantly higher .
Whereas Bush and Carter share identical 34 % final job approval ratings , 61 % of Americans disapprove of the job Bush is doing , compared with 55 % who said they disapproved of Carter in December 1980 .
Similarly , whereas Bush 's final approval rating is slightly higher than Truman 's 32 % in 1952 , his disapproval rating is also higher ( 61 % vs. 56 % ) , resulting in a lower net approval rating for Bush .
Only Richard Nixon was explicitly less popular at the time of his exit than Bush is today .
Gallup 's final approval polling on Nixon , in which 24 % of Americans said they approved of the job he was doing , was conducted Aug. 2 - 5 , 1974 , less than a week before Nixon resigned from office over the Watergate break - in political scandal .
Those with the highest job approval at the conclusion of their presidencies were all two - term presidents : Bill Clinton , with 66 % approval ; Ronald Reagan , with 63 % ; and Dwight Eisenhower , with 59 % .
However , even two presidents who were rebuffed by voters in their efforts to seek a second term -- George H.W. Bush and Gerald Ford -- received majority approval in their final days .
Close to half of Americans also approved of the job Lyndon Johnson was doing in the final days of his administration .
Lame - Duck Advantage
One benefit of leaving office is that presidents often enjoy a small bounce in their job approval scores .
As Gallup Poll Managing Editor Jeff Jones described last month , " It is common for presidents who are about to leave the White House to receive a bump in their job approval ratings between Election Day and Inauguration Day . "
For Bush , this bump amounts to nine points , from his 25 % approval rating in a Gallup Poll conducted Oct. 31 - Nov. 2 , 2008 , to the 34 % recorded today .
The largest such shift Gallup has recorded was for George H. W. Bush , whose approval score rose 22 points after the 1992 election .
However , Reagan , Clinton , Ford , and Johnson also benefited from the softening of public opinion that seems to occur during this period .
Bottom Line
Bush has what most would consider the unwanted distinction of registering one of the lowest final job approval ratings of any modern president leaving office at the natural end of his term , and the highest disapproval .
While his approval rating has improved since Election Day , the vast majority of Democrats and even most independents still disapprove of how he is handling the job .
Only Republicans generally approve of the job Bush is doing , but that may , in fact , be just fine with a president who says his goal has been to do what he believed is right , not what would make him popular .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,031 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 9 - 11 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Guest post by Steve Goddard
There is a considerable amount of misinformation propagated about the greenhouse effect by people from both sides of the debate .
The basic concepts are straightforward , as explained here .
The greenhouse effect is real .
If there were no greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , earth would be a cold place .
Compare Mars versus Venus – Mars has minimal greenhouse gas molecules in its ’ atmosphere due to low atmospheric pressure , and is cold .
By contrast , Venus has a lot of greenhouse gas molecules in its ’ atmosphere , and is very hot .
Temperature increases as greenhouse gas concentration increases .
These are undisputed facts .
Heat is not “ trapped ” by greenhouse gases .
The earth ’s heat balance is maintained , as required by the laws of thermodynamics .
outgoing radiation = incoming radiation – changes in oceanic heat content
The image below from AER Research explains the radiative balance .
http://www.aer.com/scienceResearch/rc/rc.html
About 30 % of the incoming shortwave radiation ( SW ) is reflected by clouds and from the earth ’s surface .
20 % is absorbed by clouds and re-emitted back into space as longwave ( LW ) radiation .
The other 50 % reaches the earth ’s surface and warms us .
All of that 50 % eventually makes it back out into space as LW radiation , through intermediate processes of convection , conduction or radiation .
As greenhouse gas concentration increases , the total number of collisions with GHG molecules increases .
This makes it more difficult for LW radiation to escape .
In order to maintain equilibrium , the temperature has to increase .
Higher temperatures mean higher energies , which in turn increase the frequency of emission events .
Thus the incoming / outgoing balance is maintained .
It has been known for a long time that even a short column of air contains enough CO2 to saturate LW absorption .
This has been misinterpreted by some skeptics to mean that adding more CO2 will not increase the temperature .
That is simply not true , as higher GHG densities force the temperature up .
There is no dispute about this in the scientific community .
See the graph below :
Click for larger image
As Dr. Hansen has correctly argued , increases in atmospheric temperature cause the ocean to warm up .
Thus changes the oceanic heat content become the short term imbalance in the incoming / outgoing equilibrium equation , which is not shown in the AER diagram .
The image below shows GHG absorption by altitude and wavenumber .
As you can see , there is a strong absorption band of CO2 at 600 / cm .
That is what makes CO2 an important greenhouse gas .
http://www.aer.com/scienceResearch/rc/m-proj/lbl_clrt_mls.html
The important greenhouse gases are : H2O , CO2 , O3 , N2O , CO and CH4 .
The reason why the desert can get very cold at night is because of a lack of water vapor .
The same is true for Antarctica .
The extreme cold in Antarctica is due to high albedo and a lack of water vapor and clouds in the atmosphere , which results in almost all of the incoming radiation returning immediately to space .
An earth with no CO2 would be very cold .
The first few tens of PPM produce a strong warming effect , and increases after that are incremental .
It is widely agreed that a doubling of CO2 will increase atmospheric temperatures by about 1.2C , before feedbacks .
So the debate is not about the greenhouse effect , it is about the feedbacks .
Suppose that the amount of reflected SW from clouds increases from 20 % to 21 % ?
That would cause a significant cooling effect .
Thus the ability of GCM models to model future temperatures is largely dependent on the ability to model future clouds .
Cloud modeling is acknowledged to be currently one of the weakest links in the GCMs .
Given the sensitivity to clouds , it is perhaps surprising that some high profile climate scientists are willing to claim that 6C + temperature rises are established science .
So the bottom line is that the greenhouse effect is real .
Increasing CO2 will increase temperatures .
If you want to make a knowledgeable argument , learn about the feedbacks .
That is where the disagreement lies .
“ Lisa , in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics “ – Homer Simpson Addenddum :
The GHG / stoplight analogy Suppose that you have to drop your child at school at 8:00 and have to be at work at 8:30 .
There are 10 stoplights between the school and the office .
Your electric car has a fixed maximum speed of 30MPH .
It takes exactly 30 minutes to drive there .
If the city adds another stoplight ( analogous to more CO2 ) the only way you can make it to work on time is to run traffic lights and / or get the city to make the traffic lights more efficient at moving cars ( analogous to higher temperature . )
The radiative balance has to be maintained in the atmosphere , so the outgoing radiation has a fixed amount of time to escape , regardless of how many GHG molecules it encounters .
Otherwise , Homer and your boss will be very angry at you for violating the laws of thermodynamics .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
MOBILE , Ala . --
This Bud Light truck broke apart at about 7:15 a.m. today on Gulfdale Drive just off Dauphin Island Parkway in Mobile .
The Bud truck was turning into the Food World parking lot when the trailer collapsed .
By 9 a.m. trucks had arrived to unload and tow away the truck .
These days , we ’re all trying to cut costs .
And having friends over for dinner instead of eating out is one way to do it .
But if you are n’t careful , food costs can add up and soon a homemade dinner is pricier than a restaurant meal .
It does n’t have to be that way .
Follow these tips for an indulgent four - course dinner party that wo n’t have you applying for food stamps the week after .
Do n’t Skimp
Forget about ramen noodles , PB&J and mac - n - cheese .
Your college staples are n’t the only budget foods around .
You ’re an adult now , and you can turn it out for a dinner party while being savvy about food costs .
You can serve wine , steak , starters , sides and dessert for under $ 25 .
Stay with me people , I ’m just getting going .
Greet Guests with a Glass and a Nibble
To welcome your guests , put a glass of wine in their hand and have something delicious for them to snack on .
Nuts and gourmet cheeses will blow your budget before you even get to the table .
Go with deviled eggs , that retro treat your grandma made ( for good reason ) .
Six eggs ( which translate to twelve little devils ) will set you back less than $ 1.50 .
Boil them pretty , combine the yolk with mustard and mayo and sprinkle with paprika .
You probably have that stuff in your fridge already .
Let Your Friends Wine
Your friends want to bring something , so let them .
Ask for what ’s easy : a bottle or two of wine .
It ’s an absolute must at a dinner party , but can blow your budget .
So let your friends take care of it .
Serve Steak
Your main course is the place to splurge .
Sure , times are tough , which means an indulgent steak is a welcomed break from all the skimping .
Serving steak does n’t mean that everyone gets a Porterhouse ; pick a cut that can be cooked , sliced , and served family - style .
People actually take less meat when they serve themselves .
Gluttony is so 2007 .
Plus , since restaurants are cutting back their orders , there ’s a surplus of prime meat in the grocery stores , which is being offered as a special .
Last week , my local grocery had prime hangar steak for $ 4.99 a pound ; this week it ’s trimmed filet mignon for $ 5.99 .
Go with the Grain
For an indulgent side dish , grab a bag of Arborio rice ( for risotto ) , corn meal ( polenta ) , or pearled barley .
The dried , bagged stuff will cost less than $ 1 for a portion that can feed eight .
Rehydrate with sautéed chopped onions and garlic , and bouillon cubes dissolved in water instead of expensive canned stocks .
If you want to fancy - up with chopped fresh herbs or tomatoes , go for it ; your total will still be under $ 4 for the entire dish .
Serve Salad After Dinner
It feels posh and good timing does n’t cost a thing .
Pick up a box of organic arugula for $ 3.99 , which is more than enough for six .
Toss with sunflower seeds or chopped nuts , sundried tomatoes or dried currants , and a few shavings or Parmesan or crumbled blue cheese ( go with what you have ; this is an opportunity to clean out the pantry ) .
Drizzle with olive oil and vinegar or lemon juice , and season well .
Dessert Is A Must
People tend to say no to formal dessert , but seek a little something sweet .
So forego the pricey , time consuming and caloric cakes and pies and ask your friends to bring some gourmet chocolate ( a little goes a long way ) .
Pair the chocolate with strawberries , blueberries or even clementines .
Since seasonal fruit tastes best , and is always less expensive , you ’ll be able to find a sweet ending in the produce aisle for less than $ 5 .
Most of us have been enjoying custom themes in Gmail ever since they launched last November , but now the real designers among us can manually customize the look and feel of Gmail to our personal tastes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Just fire up Gmail , head to Settings ->
Themes , and click on the new Choose your own colors option at the bottom of the themes gallery .
You 'll be welcomed with a new popup window from which you can customize the color of every last aspect of your inbox , from the color of text ( and link text ) to the chrome of your labels box and highlighting colors .
It 's pretty simple , so you should get the gist pretty quickly .
If you were born with a skill for color , why not share a pic of your custom theme in the comments or in our Tip Testers Flickr Pool for a little inspiration for those of us without much design ability .
Thanks Jason !
The world - class faculty at the Fowler School of Law includes four former U.S. Supreme Court clerks ; a Nobel laureate ; a former five - time U.S. Congressman ; leading legal scholars ; former law partners ; clinical and practice specialists ; and a host of passionate educators from a wide range of specialty areas .
Our professors are seasoned experts , leading public and academic discussions of the law .
You can find them publishing in the nation ’s top law journals as well as in top - tier publications such as the New York Times , Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post , appearing as experts on network , cable and public television and radio news programs , writing leading casebooks and treatises , and contributing to legal and academic blogs .
Dear Mark ...
Every week I answer reader questions on all things Primal , keto , and more .
Readers pose their questions in the comments section on article pages , in the comments on Weekly Link Love , on my social media pages , and by email .
I take time to analyze the most recent research and available peer - reviewed studies on the topics — and contextualize it all through an ancestral lens .
Keep those questions coming !
I love a good challenge and enjoy the engaging comments from all of you .
Ready to dive deep ?
Let ’s go… .
Read the Latest Dear Mark Posts
The outgoing US vice - president , Dick Cheney , last night gave an unapologetic assessment of his eight years in office , defending the invasion of Iraq , the US prison camp at Guantánamo Bay , secret wiretapping and the extreme interrogation method known as waterboarding .
In his first television interview since the presidential election in November , Cheney displayed no regrets and gave no ground to his many critics within America and around the world .
He summed up his record by saying : " I think , given the circumstances we 've had to deal with , we 've done pretty well . "
He told ABC News he stood by the most controversial policies of the Bush administration , and urged president - elect Barack Obama to think hard before undoing them .
Asked about the use of torture on terror suspects , he replied : " We do n't do torture .
We never have .
It 's not something this administration subscribes to . "
Later in the same interview , Cheney was asked whether the use of waterboarding in the interrogation of the alleged mastermind of the September 11 attacks , Khaled Sheikh Mohammed , had been appropriate .
He replied : " I do . "
Waterboarding is a technique that induces the sensation of drowning , and is widely regarded as a form of torture .
It was used on three high - level al - Qaida suspects , including Mohammed , but has since been banned by the US .
Cheney was chosen in 2000 by George Bush to be his vice - president ; he did not put his own name forward for the job .
He has since turned into one of the most divisive and reviled vice - presidents in US history , amassing to his office enormous powers and devising a stream of controversial policies .
Despite the vitriol he has attracted , and Bush 's historically low approval rating of just 29 % , Cheney was still able to joke about his term in the White House .
He referred to a comment from Hillary Clinton likening him to the Star Wars character Darth Vader .
" I asked my wife about that , if that did n't bother her .
She said , no , it humanises you . "
But his lack of any introspection over the decisions made under his watch – in contrast to Bush who recently said he had been sorry about the false intelligence over Iraq – will renew Cheney 's reputation as a combatant and uncompromising vice - president .
Though no weapons of mass destruction were ever found , he insisted that Saddam Hussein had had the capability to produce them .
" He had the technology , he had the people .
This was a bad actor and the country 's better off , the world 's better off with Saddam gone .
We made the right decision , " he said .
On Guantánamo , he challenged the incoming Obama administration to think hard about what he claimed were the " hardcore " detainees still being held at the Cuban base .
" What are you going to do with those prisoners ? " he said , adding : " I do n't know any other nation in the world that would do what we 've done in terms of taking care of people who are avowed enemies . "
He also defended the use of secret wiretapping of suspects that was carried out without court warrant .
" It 's worked .
It 's been successful .
It was legal from the very beginning . "
Given the role of hate - figure that Cheney has acquired over the years among the American left , many US liberals will be dismayed to hear him say that he largely approves of the cabinet put together by the president - elect .
He praised the decision to keep Robert Gates as defence secretary as " excellent " and predicted that General Jim Jones would be " very , very effective " as national security adviser .
He even complimented his old adversary , Hillary Clinton , Obama 's choice as secretary of state , saying " she 's tough , she 's smart , she works very hard and she may turn out to be just what President Obama needs . "
Cheney has 34 days left in office .
This will be his fourth transition out of government and back to private life .
He said he was not ready to retire yet , but did want to spend more time with his family .
" Got some rivers I want to face .
Maybe write a book .
I have n't decided yet . "
Gordon Brown today dismissed as " ridiculous " a claim from David Cameron that Britain 's economic plight was so dire that the government could be forced to go to the IMF for a bail - out .
In an interview on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme to coincide with the official confirmation today that Britain is in recession , the prime minister hit back at Cameron for suggesting that the government could have to make a humiliating appeal to the International Monetary Fund in the way that Labour did in the 1970s .
In a speech yesterday the Conservative leader said that the IMF option was a possibility because Britian was at risk of running out of money as a consequence of Brown 's policies .
But Brown dismissed this idea strongly .
" I think this is ridiculous behaviour on behalf of opposition parties .
The situation in Britain is this , that we have low public debt , that we have low inflation , wages are under control , " he said .
Stressing that the recession was caused by international factors , the prime minister went on : " I do feel that it is only if you properly understand what the situation is , if I may say to our opponents , that you can actually deal with it . "
Brown said that the government had taken action to stop the banks collapsing , to get more money to families and to get the banks lending again .
" We are fighting this recession with every weapon at our disposal .
We are building the foundation stones of a recovery plan that is specifically designed to get Britain through these difficult times . "
In his interview , Brown also :
• Insisted that the current recession was " a completely different kind of event " from previous recessions , because other British recessions were caused by domestic inflation whereas the current one was caused by a global banking crisis .
• Said that the length of the recession would " depend on the degree of international support " provided by other countries .
The measures taken in Britain would have " twice the effect " if matched by similar fiscal stimulus packages elsewhere around the world .
• Played down suggestions that the bank rescue plan would place an unreasonable burden on the taxpayer , saying it involved " loans that have to be repaid " and " fees that are taken [ by the government ] for insurance services ' .
• Dismissed the comment by Jim Rogers , the high - profile investor who this week urged people to sell sterling , saying : " If you think we are going to build our policy around the comments of a few speculators who want to make money out of Britain , you are very , very wrong indeed . "
• Described the Financial Services Authority as " one of the best regulators in the world , not one of the worst " .
• Repeatedly refused to admit that he was wrong when he said as chancellor that there would be no return to boom and bust .
He said the current recession was caused by a global financial crisis and therefore " quite different from anything we have dealt with before " .
During the interview Brown was asked if he accepted that he had made any mistakes during his time as chancellor .
He said that his priority had been to get inflation down , and that this had been successful , but he acknowledged that he had not anticipated what might happen in the event of a " complete market failure " of the kind the world is experiencing now .
Brown repeatedly stressed that global factors , particularly the " lax standards that were allowed to develop in the United States of America [ in the sub - prime market ] " were to blame for the crisis .
He went on : " The lack of transparency in some of the non-banking institutions was such that no one could spot what was happening . "
And he rejected the suggestion that he should have imposed tougher banking regulation in the UK .
" For the last 10 years people have been telling me there 's too much regulation , not too little . "
Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat leader , said that Brown was " living in denial " about the causes of the recession .
" In blaming everything on the US , Brown is desperately seeking to pull the wool over our eyes and distract attention from his own failure .
For a decade he presided over an overheated housing market and a City of London gambling with the nation 's future , " Clegg said .
" The government must now urgently clear up the confusion over its bank bail - out plans .
Gordon Brown must deliver big , permanent and fair tax cuts for people on low and middle incomes and use the money wasted on a pointless VAT cut on a huge green job creation scheme instead . "
George Osborne , the shadow chancellor , told Sky News that today 's growth figures showed that Britain was facing " the worst recession in a generation " .
He said that Brown 's policies were failing .
" You do get the impression now that the government now does not really know what it is doing , " Osborne said .
" What we need is some confidence that government policy is going to pull us through this .
At the moment there 's no public confidence , no international confidence .
I think the public can now see that the government has achieved nothing . "
Osborne also criticised the bank rescue plans announced this week , saying they contained " almost no detail " .
There are a couple of factors to take into consideration when you need to rent a storage unit , such as how much space you will need , which type of storage , and whether you plant on your items for a short or long period of time .
One of these considerations is whether to hire a climate - controlled space to store your items .
Here ’s what you need to know before making the final decision .
What type of stuff will you store ?
When it comes to climate - controlled storage units , many people often think about valuable items such as fragile tapestries , antique furniture , or paintings .
Even though the value is always important , it is not everything .
Some items which could be affected by weather changes are basically more personal , such as important documents , family photos , or prized books .
Anything that is made of paper can also be subject to wrinkling , yellowing , mildew , and mould in damp and wet conditions .
Nevertheless , smaller things such as paper - based items could usually be stored in weather - proof or moisture - proof containers before storage .
Unless you can ensure that moisture will not come in , it is a better option to hire a climate - controlled storage unit .
What is the value of the items you want to store ?
If possible , you should measure the value of those things that you want to store in dollars and ensure that you purchase insurance to cover possible damages .
Your household insurance perhaps will not cover anything that is n’t kept at home , but it is still better to review the policy carefully talk to your insurance provider to check if you should buy additional coverage .
In case your item has sentimental values , then it is extremely important to find a unit where it can be safe from damages .
How long will you store your items ?
If you want to store your items for a short time , then it might be unnecessary to hire a climate - controlled storage unit .
In most cases , it will depend on the length of time that you need to store , which season you will store and whether there are any possibilities of water damage .
For the period of time that you store your items , what type of weather would these things have to make it through ?
The weather is usually unpredictable in many parts of Australia , changing from rain to sun in only a single day .
Weather is certainly a major consideration and in case you are quite certain that there would be cold , wet weather , then the best option to keep your items safe is to use a climate - controlled storage unit .
Check the storage unit before renting
For a climate - controlled storage unit – https://www.storageplus.com.au/, it is necessary to have adjustable temperatures and proper security .
Ask some common questions about storage facilities which you would ask if you stored items that do n’t require a climate - controlled unit .
Also , you should find out whether the storage unit offers insurance for your things or which type of coverage that they offer to make sure everything is secure and safe .
The time had come for the national telecom we 'll call Communicommco to shed its legacy systems and move into the future .
In fact , calling them " legacy systems " is perhaps too charitable – these things were freaking dynasty systems .
The dusty green screen terminals and ancient interface were being replaced with a cutting - edge the - future - has - arrived VB6 frontend .
There was just one problem : the existing data had to be migrated in somehow .
Having just graduated college , Joe B. had a lot of free time on his hands .
He had a job lined up , but that was six months away , and he was still too wet behind the ears to sell his services as a contractor .
After seeing a lot of late - night commercials that made data entry sound pretty lucrative , he decided to try to get a position on Communicommco 's migration project .
Joe did n't really know what to expect .
He figured that it was a telco , so there would be supergeniuses wandering the halls , discussing cool stuff like 100 gigabit hubometers capable of transfer speeds up to 5 quantumleaps a parsec .
In actuality , he was seated with five college - age gentlemen that sat in a zombielike trance in front of their computers , slowly whittling away at reams of paper as they entered the data into the new interface .
Hands On
The six of them fought a battle of attrition against an insurmountable foe ; a flow of paper that never seemed to end .
Each morning they 'd retrieve a big stack of printed customer records , which would represent their work for the day .
There was another staff member dedicated to printing , and yet another whose sole task was to staple the records together .
The new VB app they used to enter the data was so crappy that it must have come from the lowest of the low bidders .
From craigslist .
In the casual encounters section .
No two form elements were aligned on the same axis vertically or horizontally .
The tab order was so bizarre and random that Joe had to either use his mouse or remember " ok , five tabs from here , then shift + tab twice , then three tabs " for the thirty - odd controls on the form , or click through with his mouse ( making the process much slower than necessary ) .
Sometimes hitting tab would n't even appear to highlight a control , perhaps because it was hidden behind another .
Plus the application was buggy .
In one case , he was entering a business , say " Papadimoulis & Sons " .
The application helpfully turned that into " Papadimoulis Sons " .
That 's because & is the escape code to underline the next character ( think " & File > E&xit " ) .
They were able to coordinate a fix for this one by adding escaping before the frontend ( that is , training the users to type " && " instead of " & " ) .
Always a good idea to remind users to do the same with single quotes , too .
Joe befriended some team members on the more technical side , and at lunch one day he learned that the old database format was essentially a flatfile text dump .
If this was true , Joe could n't even begin to imagine how this went unnoticed through the whole process of bringing in data entry people when one developer could 've hacked something together to import all the data .
Process Automation
Later that day , he sat down with his boss to discuss an alternate strategy .
" Garrett , you know you were saying how slow this data entry 's going ?
I 'm pretty sure I could just write a quick script that could take the customer info straight out of the old database and dump it into the new one .
It 'd be a thousand times faster than doing it like this too .
Any chance I could talk to someone about that ? "
Garrett thought for a moment , before leaning forward in his chair to respond .
" They would n't go for it .
They 've only just spent all this money on the new front end , and besides , we 've got the person printing out the old record , the person stapling them together , and then the 6 processing people ... you 'd be putting them all out of a job ! "
Garrett leaned back in his chair again and continued .
" Besides , we 've already spent all the budget for any more changes to the software .
We can only spend money on the manual migration . "
Joe decided to have a personal " manual migration " away from that company the following day .
VANCOUVER–The Catholic archbishop of Vancouver announced yesterday he was retiring because of an ongoing battle with depression .
Archbishop Raymond Roussin , 69 , said the ailment forced him to reassess his work .
" I believe my call is from God and to be a bishop , to be a pastor .
I was unable to do it , " Roussin said in an interview with The Canadian Press , adding he has suffered from depression for several years .
" It was a time that I just could n't see clearly what I had done that was good , and I could not see anything clearly possible for the future , " he said .
" I 've come out of the hole to a great degree , " Roussin added .
The Vatican said Pope Benedict has agreed to the retirement of Roussin , who is stepping down more than five years earlier than the normal retirement age .
Archbishop J. Michael Miller , 62 , was named to replace him , Roussin said .
" The archdiocese has been richly blessed by his ministry , " said Miller , who is considered a specialist on the papacy and Catholic higher education .
Roussin was named in 2004 to lead the archdiocese , which included almost a half - million Catholics in Western Canada , according to its website .
A year later he disclosed his depression in a letter to Catholics in Vancouver , explaining that he decided to be frank about his illness to help remove any stigma " wrongly " associated with the disease .
" It was a time that I just could n't see clearly what I had done that was good , and I could not see anything clearly possible for the future .
( I went public ) to show it was not the destruction of my life , although it could have been , " Roussin said .
The community responded to his letter with support .
In an effort to discuss and better understand depression , the Vatican 's Pontifical Council for Health Pastoral care held an international conference on the topic in 2003 .
Pope John Paul II told conference attendees , " The spread of depressive states has become disturbing , " and he thanked those who help people cope with the disease .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
WASHINGTON  President - elect Barack Obama has yet to relent , but he conceded that he might be losing the battle to keep his independent lifeline to the outside world .
“ I ’m still clinging to my BlackBerry , ” Mr. Obama said Wednesday .
“ They ’re going to pry it out of my hands . ”
Image Barack Obama and his beloved BlackBerry , which he is fighting to retain .
Credit ... Jae C. Hong / Associated Press
Of all the fights facing Mr. Obama as he prepares for the White House , one of the most maddening for him is the prospect of losing the BlackBerry that has been attached to his belt for years .
It is , he has vigorously argued , an essential link to keeping him apprised of events outside his ever - tightening cocoon .
Cilantro has a very distinctive flavor , especially in Mexican cooking so there really is no substitute but you can use flat - leaf parsley if you want a milder flavored green leaf for garnishes and salads .
Date : November 29 , 2017 01:42AMAngelika Is Wantesi A. Bodi And Is In Thuh Bombastic Brunet !!
Tied Up And Helpless And About To blowup The Iffel Towet Of France !!
She Wears The Atomic AntiAntimatter Tickle Frogger Which Guides The EKG Thought Processor In Her Puzi Zona , Il Sona Bimbo !!!
She emits Counter Brain Waves And Deflects The WMD Form Her Pussy !!
Whereby , She Successfully Explodes Uranius Rather Saves The West And The Whole World !!
The Ensuing Explosion Implodes Rocks And Debri In Hitting The Most Wanted Who Are Captured In Having the Runaways Desparadoes hitting an Embankment In Trying Escape That Failed !!!
Credit Her 2 Luscious Tasty Big Toes In Sa\ving The World !!
Moral : The Anionette Wet Her Puzi And Saves The World Pissing On Marble !!!
turns out lying around all day is
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
“ The important thing is , we ’re awake now , and hopefully for a long time to come . ” — Nicole Kidman , Eyes Wide Shut
Advertisement
Stanley Kubrick ’s Eyes Wide
Shut is a movie out of time — or to put it another way , it ’s timeless .
It was released in the middle of 1999 ’s summer - movie season , preceded by Wild Wild West and American Pie , and followed the next week by an abysmal remake of The Haunting .
In retrospect , it seems absurd that Kubrick ’s enigmatic final film could be a part of blockbuster season , even though it starred Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman , who at the time were Hollywood ’s biggest power couple .
But it ’s a good example of what happens when films of genuine ambition and artistry are caught up in the swells of studio mass marketing and hype .
( See also : Brokeback Mountain , an intimate drama that was instantly snapped up as a political talking point and viral - video parody fodder . )
Fortunately , the guardians of film history ( cultists , you might call them ) are more than patient enough to wait out the culture ’s short attention span , but I ca n’t think of a film that needs rescuing more than Eyes Wide Shut , which was greeted in many circles with disdain , disrespect , and willful misinterpretation .
And here ’s where that word “ timeless ” comes in again :
The common meme among critics of Eyes Wide Shut is that the famously reclusive Kubrick , who had holed up in his countryside estate in Britain and had n’t made a film since 1987 ’s Full Metal Jacket , was woefully out of touch with us mere mortals .
Therefore , he could n’t possibly have anything relevant to say about sex and marriage , much less the world of contemporary New York , a city he had n’t visited in decades and could only know through second - unit photography and faxes .
All these slanders were tied to the persistent line about Kubrick as a cold , clinical intellectual and obsessive technician who viewed humanity from a marked distance — which was fine for the cutting satire of Dr. Strangelove or the philosophical inquiry of 2001 : A Space Odyssey , but not for the particulars of life and love .
Even his own screenwriter on Eyes Wide Shut , Frederic Raphael , lamented Kubrick ’s relentless paring of his pages : “ Kubrick does not want , and never wanted , a collaborator , ” he wrote in his bitter memoir , Eyes Wide Open : A Memoir Of Stanley Kubrick , “ but rather a skilled mechanic who can crank out the dross he will later turn into gold . ”
Advertisement
My reaction to most of those criticisms is “ Yeah , and … ? ”
While I do n’t buy the armchair psychology of connecting Kubrick ’s reclusive habits to a fundamental misunderstanding of people , it also ca n’t be denied that his work does have a clinical precision .
And yes , he ’s more anthropologist than humanist , and thus more inclined to present a generalized view of behavior than delve into the particulars of character study .
( Hence the casting of an opaque movie star like Tom Cruise , but I ’ll get to that later . )
But the charge that his Manhattan looks nothing like the real thing strikes me as completely irrelevant :
Just a rough translation of the source material ’s title , Arthur Schnitzler ’s Traumnovelle ( “ Dream Story ” ) , should erase any expectation of gritty verisimilitude .
Once Cruise is jettisoned into the night , Kubrick ’s New York becomes a kind of backlot ghost town , populated only by figures that play a role in his waking dream .
Dreams by their nature are not crowded with superfluous detail , and in Eyes Wide Shut , the city reflects his anxieties and desires , but bears just a superficial , two - dimensional resemblance to the real place .
The film is so flush with gorgeous bodies that it skirted the edge of an NC - 17 rating — and , in fact , necessitated the hacky addition of thrust - blocking digital figures in the R- rated theatrical version — but the opening shot of Kidman ’s Alice disrobing may be its only semi-erotic moment .
Even then , the context is n’t sexual , but practical ; she ’s getting changed for a Christmas party .
Moments later , she and her doctor husband Bill ( Cruise ) are going through their routines in the bathroom ; when she asks him how she looks in her dress — and we can see she looks staggeringly beautiful — Bill tosses off the obligatory compliment and gets on with it .
His indifference is n’t cruelty , really , but a byproduct of two people who have been together for a long time and are a little too used to each other .
They are the archetypal bored married couple .
Advertisement
When Bill and Alice get to the party , hosted by the extravagantly wealthy Victor ( Sydney Pollack ) , they ca n’t get away from each other fast enough .
The handsome doctor is whisked away by a pair of beautiful models , while his wife sloshes down champagne and dances with a debonair Hungarian fossil who makes his intentions unambiguous .
( “ Do n’t you think that one of the charms of marriage is that it makes deception a necessity for both parties ? ” he asks expectantly . )
Bill and Alice have no intention of deceiving each other , but they clearly enjoy flirting , and crave the attention they are n’t getting at home .
At the party , Kubrick also sets the table for events to come : Bill is called upstairs to bail out Victor , whose hooker playmate has just OD ’ed on a speedball .
He also glad - hands the pianist ( Todd Field ) , an old friend from his medical - school days who has since dropped out and played for - hire at parties and in jazz combos .
All this preludes a major confrontation later that night , when Bill and Alice smoke some pot and get honest with each other .
They rehash the events at the party : Did Bill , by any chance , happen to fuck those two women ?
And if he did n’t , did he want to ?
And what about the Hungarian ?
If he was talking to her , surely he wanted to fuck her , too ?
Hoping to defuse the situation , Bill says he ’s certain Alice would never be unfaithful to him , but that sets her off all the more : “ Millions of years of evolution , right ?
Men have to stick it in every place they can , but for women it ’s just about security and commitment . ”
She ’s ticked that Bill has denied her capacity for feeling jealous and lustful , so she punishes him with this hair - raising fantasy about a naval officer :
Advertisement
For the technologically crippled ( or disinclined ) , here ’s the money quote :
“ And yet at no time was he ever out of my mind .
And I thought if he wanted me , even if it was only for one night , I was ready to give up everything .
You , [ our daughter ]
Helena , my whole fucking future .
Everything !
And yet it was weird , because at the same time , you were dearer to me than ever , and at that moment , my love for you was both tender and sad . ”
Advertisement
Looking at the scene and that quote again , and considering Bill ’s terrible escapades the remainder of that night and the next , I wonder which is worse :
Alice admitting that she was willing to throw away her entire life with Bill and their family for a rendezvous with a handsome stranger , or that her love for Bill was “ both tender and sad . ”
The former is devastating for obvious reasons , and it ’s designed to inflame male jealousy , but the latter , while sounding loving and conciliatory , makes Bill into a pitiable , pathetic creature , adding to a sense of humiliation that will deepen as the night goes on .
Alice did n’t go through with the affair , of course , and the window of opportunity was extremely narrow — just a glance that sparked her imagination , not an exchange , or even a longer look that might have held more promise .
But Bill ’s sense of betrayal is nearly as acute as it would have been had Alice ’s fantasies been realized , and it plays in his mind throughout his own strange sexual odyssey .
Called away late at night for a house call with a deceased patient , Bill confronts the first in a string of potential sexual encounters , this one with the patient ’s daughter ( Marie Richardson ) , whose grief morphs into a misplaced and deeply awkward pass .
It ’s a painful yet hilariously stilted exchange , with Bill trying to fend off her advances with bland assurances about moving to a new place with her fiancé ( “ Michigan ’s a beautiful state .
I think you ’ll like it a lot . ” ) , while she desperately throws herself at him .
There are many times throughout the night when he ’s propositioned like this , or witnesses something provocative , or even gravitates toward the company of women as a way of blotting out the pain of Alice ’s imagined tryst with the naval officer .
And while he does try fecklessly to get laid — once with a beautiful prostitute ( Vinessa Shaw ) and later at the infamous orgy that ’s the film ’s centerpiece — he ’s essentially passive , as unlikely to actually consummate his desire as his wife was unlikely to run off with a stranger .
He ’s an observer and a voyeur , not an actor , and however much he intends to get off , he ’s comically incapable of making it happen .
That ’s the thing about dreams :
They may be vivid , but they have borders separating them from reality .
Advertisement
It ’s taken me a few viewings to come to terms with the orgy sequence , which is audaciously silly , and the most decisive break from Schnitzler ’s novella .
With the help of his old friend the pianist , Bill infiltrates a Long Island estate where the rich and powerful , hidden behind cloaks and masks , convene for a ritualistic sex party .
Bill does n’t belong there — and is told that he ’s in danger , too — because he is n’t a member of the elite , and as an imposter , he ’s punished by being unmasked and exposed before everyone .
Though Schnitzler ’s book does n’t underline it too much , it ’s clear enough that his main character ’s Jewishness is at issue , the point being that Jews can reach a certain plateau in society , but they are n’t allowed access to the inner circle .
In his memoir , Raphael drew some fire from the Kubrick family by suggesting that the director ’s decision to cast Tom Cruise as the WASP-y doctor was a regrettable instance of Kubrick denying his own Jewishness and eradicating a major theme in Schnitzler ’s book .
Raphael has a point , but for me , leaving the character ’s identity out of the equation better squares the masquerade with the marital dilemmas at the heart of Eyes Wide Shut .
The important part is that Bill does n’t have access to the party ; the whys are n’t that relevant .
Critics pilloried the anti-erotic ridiculousness of the orgy , with its funereal organ music and self - sacrificing hookers and mass - like rituals involving cloaked high priests and great plumes of incense .
But the orgy is more about power than sex ; in that respect , it ’s the opposite of some free - love hippie bacchanal , where the fucking is more democratic .
Here , the rituals are about affirming the elite , and Bill does n’t belong to this exclusionary country club , whose members are intent on subjugating their inferiors .
For Bill , it ’s the peak of a humiliating journey , and Kubrick accomplishes the remarkable feat of making Cruise , the brashly confident movie star , look small and scared behind that mask .
Casting a real - life married couple like Cruise and Kidman in the film was obviously important to Kubrick , but beyond the gimmick , he also succeeds in cutting Cruise ’s persona down to size .
Seeing Cruise ’s petrified eyes behind the mask when he ’s exposed is an extraordinarily revealing moment , as powerful in its own way as his dramatic soul - baring in Magnolia .
Advertisement
There ’s far too much going on in Eyes Wide Shut for me to address here — I have n’t written a thing about the lighting and composition , the aftermath of the orgy , the procession of lifeless bodies that Bill witnesses over the course of the film — but at its core , the film is about the bonds of marriage and the challenge of achieving real intimacy .
That quote from Kidman above about being “ awake ” perhaps puts too fine a point on it , but the ending of the film is unexpectedly hopeful and affirmative .
Bill and Alice have both absorbed some painful truths about the other ’s hidden desires , and they ’ve come out the other side bruised , but a little wiser .
And when they follow through on the last utterance , the make - up sex stands to be pretty mind - blowing .
Coming Up :
Next week : Heavenly Creatures
Mar. 5 : Femme Fatale
Mar. 12 : Beau Travail
Mar. 19 : The Way Of The Gun
In January 2002 , a dull star in an obscure constellation suddenly became 600,000 times more luminous than our Sun , temporarily making it the brightest star in our galaxy .
The star , called V838 Monocerotis , has long since faded back to obscurity , but observations of a phenomenon called a " light echo " around the star have uncovered remarkable new features over the following years ( this animation covers two years ' time ) .
The light echo is light from the earlier explosion echoing off dust surrounding the star .
Light from the outburst traveled to the dust and then was reflected to Earth .
Because of this indirect path , the light arrived at Earth months after light from the star that traveled directly from the star .
( NASA , ESA ) More ( see this on Google Sky
Sheppard :
Why specifically is a vote for Obama a vote for the death of Israel ?
Joe :
Well specifically , look at his record .
Obama ’s agreed to meet with Israel ’s enemies with no uncertain terms ..
In fact he ’s letting them dictate terms to him and then look at his past associations , people he talks to …
Sheppard : Like who ?
Joe : Quite honestly , you know , the gentleman that approached me with that question I agreed to with what I know …
Sheppard :
What I can’t figure our is why , let ’s listen to this clip from earlier .
Q : A vote for Obama is a vote for the death to Israel .
I ’ss guarantee you that .
Joe :
Well , you know what ?
I ’ll actually agree with you on that one .
I agree with you .
I really think that would be a problem .
Sheppard : Joe , do you know Barack Obama ’s positions on Israel ?
Joe :
Ahhh , listen , I know you want to really get some answers on this one , I ’m just not going to help you out here Sheppard .
Let people go out and find it issues ….
# Clustered Error Bar for Groups of Cases .
# Example : Experimental Condition ( Stereotype Threat Yes / No ) x Gender ( Male / Female )
# The following values would be calculated from data and are set fixed now for
# code reproduction
names ( stderr.males )
# Error Bar Plot
library ( gplots )
# Draw the error bar for female experiment participants :
plotCI ( x = means .
females , uiw = stderr .
females , lty = 2 , xaxt = "n " , xlim = c ( 0.5,2.5 ) , ylim = c( - 1,1 ) , gap = 0 , ylab = " Microworld Performance ( Z Score ) " , xlab = " Stereotype Threat " , main = " Microworld performance over experimental conditions " )
# Add the males to the existing plot
plotCI ( x = means.males , uiw = stderr.males , lty = 1 , xaxt = "n " , xlim = c ( 0.5,2.5 ) , ylim = c( - 1,1 ) , gap = 0 , add = TRUE )
# Draw the x-axis ( omitted above )
axis ( side = 1 , at = 1:2 , labels = names ( stderr.males ) , cex = 0.7 )
# Add legend for male and female participants
legend ( 2,1, legend=c ( " Male " , " Female " ) , lty=1:2 )
[ 1 ] Cumming , G. , & Finch , S. ( 2005 ) .
Inference by Eye : Confidence Intervals and How to Read Pictures of Data .
American Psychologist , 60 ( 2 ) , 170 –180. names ( means.males ) [ 1 ]
Cumming , G. , & Finch , S. ( 2005 ) .
Inference by Eye : Confidence Intervals and How to Read Pictures of Data .
American Psychologist , 60 ( 2 ) , 170 –180 .
Labels : R , spss , statistics stderr.males means.males names( stderr.females ) names ( means.females ) stderr.females means.
females
One of the reasons why I have n't made the switch from R to SPSS is R's lack of proper error bar graphs .
I use them frequently because they are easy to interpret :
If you plot the means of several groups of participants in one error bar chart and scale the error bars to a length of one standard measurement error , non-overlapping error bars indicate a significant difference between the according means .
In fact , the APA advocates the use of error bars for reporting results since 2005 [ 1 ] .
This way of reporting differences in means is also called " Inference by Eye " [ 1 ] .
After my rants about SPSS , my wise R mentor , Stephan Kolassa , pointed me at the gplots library that features a good function for drawing error bars in R : plotCI ( ) .
Stephan also pointed me to Rseek.org , an excellent search engine for R related queries .
I fiddled with Stephan 's example code in order to reproduce my SPSS clustered error - bar chart from last week 's post on stereotype threat in complex problem solving
And this is how I got in in R : I like it very much ; the only thing I need to work out is how to offset the bars in the same conditions so that overlapping error bars do n't actually overlap but are drawn next to each other with a few pixels between them .
If you would like to try this out for yourself , here is the R code that produces the image above :
The John W. Warner Defense Authorization Act of 2006 ( PL 109 -364 ) , " named for the longtime Armed Services Committee chairman from Virginia , " was signed October 17 , 2006 , by President George W. Bush .
The Act " has a provocative provision called ' Use of the Armed Forces in Major Public Emergencies ' , " the thrust of which " seems to be about giving the federal government a far stronger hand in coordinating responses to [ Hurricane ] Katrina - like disasters , " Jeff Stein , CQ National Security Editor wrote December 1 , 2006 .
" But on closer inspection , its language also alters the two - centuries - old Insurrection Act , which Congress passed in 1807 to limit the president ’s power to deploy troops within the United States ... ' to suppress , in a State , any insurrection , domestic violence , unlawful combination , or conspiracy ' , " Stein wrote .
" But the amended law takes the cuffs off " and " critics say it ’s a formula for executive branch mischief , " Stein wrote , as " the new language adds ' natural disaster , epidemic , or other serious public health emergency , terrorist attack or incident ' to the list of conditions permitting the President to take over local authority — particularly ' if domestic violence has occurred to such an extent that the constituted authorities of the State or possession are incapable of maintaining public order . ' "
" One of the few to complain , Sen. Patrick J. Leahy , D - Vt. , warned that the measure virtually invites the White House to declare federal martial law .
...
It 'subverts solid , longstanding posse comitatus statutes that limit the military ’s involvement in law enforcement , thereby making it easier for the President to declare martial law , ' he said in remarks submitted to the Congressional Record on Sept. 29 . " [ 1 ]
Also see related Posse Comitatus Act section .
Should President George W. Bush proclaim and put into effect Executive Order 12919 , " the President would put the United States under total Martial Law and Military Dictatorship . " [ 2 ]
" The President need not wait for some emergency to occur , however .
He can declare a National Emergency at any time , and freeze everything .
Congress , and the States , are powerless to prevent such an Executive Dictatorship , as long as the President advises Congress in a timely matter . " [ 3 ]
Executive Authority
Executive Order 12656 " Assignment of Emergency Preparedness Responsibilities " , February 16 , 2004 plus Executive Order 13074 , Amendment to EO 12656 , February 9 , 1998 .
" Executive Order Number 12656 appointed the National Security Council as the principal body that should consider emergency powers .
This allows the government to increase domestic intelligence and surveillance of U.S. citizens and would restrict the freedom of movement within the United States and grant the government the right to isolate large groups of civilians .
The National Guard could be federalized to seal all borders and take control of U.S. air space and all ports of entry . " [ 4 ]
Executive Order 11921 " Adjusting Emergency Preparedness Assignments to Organizational and Functional Changes in Federal Departments and Agencies " allows the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) [ stated as the Federal Emergency Preparedness Agency ] to " develop plans to establish control over the mechanisms of production and distribution , of energy sources , wages , salaries , credit and the flow of money in U.S. financial institution in any undefined national emergency .
It also provides that when a state of emergency is declared by the President , Congress cannot review the action for six months . " [ 5 ]
" FEMA 's powers were consolidated by President Jimmy Carter to incorporate : The National Security Act of 1947 , which allows for the strategic relocation of industries , services , government and other essential economic activities , and to rationalize the requirements for manpower , resources and production facilities ;
The 1950 Defense Production Act , which gives the President sweeping powers over all aspects of the economy ;
The Act of August 29 , 1916 , which authorizes the Secretary of the Army , in time of war , to take possession of any transportation system for transporting troops , material , or any other purpose related to the emergency ; and The International Emergency Economic Powers Act , which enables the President to seize the property of a foreign country or national .
These powers were transferred to FEMA in a sweeping consolidation in 1979 . " [ 6 ]
For the first time in American history , the reigns of government would not be transferred from one elected element to another , but the Constitution , itself , can be suspended . [ 7 ]
Foundation : Executive Orders
Executive Orders ( EO ) related to Federalism and Emergency Preparedness
EO 12407 " provides the regional and local mechanisms and manpower " for carrying out the provisions of Executive Order 12919 : National Defense Industrial Resources Preparedness .
This order , signed February 22 , 1983 , by President Ronald Reagan , " sets up ten Federal Regional Councils to govern ten Federal Regions made up of the fifty States . "
Assignment of Emergency Preparedness Functions , October 11 , 2004
The following EOs all fall under EO 12919 : [ 8 ]
EO 10990 : " allows the government to take over all modes of transportation and control of highways and seaports . " [ 9 ]
EO 10995 : Federal seizure of all communications media in the US .
EO 10997 : Federal seizure of all electric power , fuels , minerals , public and private .
EO 10998 : Federal seizure of all food supplies and resources , public and private and all farms and equipment .
EO 10999 : Federal seizure of all means of transportation , including cars , trucks , or vehicles of any kind and total control over all highways , seaports and water ways .
EO 11000 : Federal seizure of American people for work forces under federal supervision , including the splitting up of families if the government so desires .
EO 11001 : Federal seizure of all health , education and welfare facilities , both public and private .
EO 11002 : Empowers the Postmaster General to register every single person in the US .
EO 11003 : Federal seizure of all airports and aircraft .
EO 11004 : Federal seizure of all housing and finances and authority to establish forced relocation .
Authority to designate areas to be abandoned as ' unsafe , ' establish new locations for populations , relocate communities , build new housing with public funds .
EO 11005 : Seizure of all railroads , inland waterways and storage facilities , both public and private .
EO 11051 : Provides FEMA complete authorization to put above orders into effect in times of increased international tension of economic or financial crisis ( FEMA will be in control incase of ' National Emergency ' ) .
Specific to a Flu Outbreak
Specific to Hurricane Katrina
Documents
The 2008 crash is probably the most serious economic crisis we have faced after the Great Depression .
Stock markets from around the world fell as much as 20 % in a single week , dozens of banks either failed or were rescued by government and private instutitions , and companies started laying off employees as a consequence of the reduced demand .
We know how we entered into the crisis , but we do n’t how , when , or how we will be getting out of it .
Considering that issue , we decided to our little bit to help cheer everyone up by redoing the logos of some renowned companies …. after the crisis .
Bonus Logo
While Apple is probably one of the more stable companies in our economy , with a robust and diverse set of high - demand products … we just could n’t resist this one .
Check out our Sub Prime Primer Comic
Click the image to see the next slide .
Please make more posts like this possible by visiting the 15 Month Business Credit Card Matcher .
Logo Credits :
* The revised Ford logo comes courtesy of Ironic Sans
* The nokia , 3 m , badyear , ferrari , xerox , downjones logos come courtesy of Carlos Bornelli Jr
I ’ve talked about folding money into various shapes in the past here at SEB , but it ’s been awhile since the topic has come up .
So allow me to present you with a link to instructions on how to fold your money so it looks like a shirt .
When you ’re done , you ’ll get something that looks like this :
Just another way we here at SEB are working hard to provide you with pointless and trivial stunts to win bar bets with .
Arron Lock has kindly agreed to write some articles for design shard , you can check out his web site and follow him on Twitter
He ’s compiled some tips that should be taken in to consideration before presenting your files to the printer for printing .
Expect to see more posts from him in the coming weeks as well as other authors .
Define Page Size and / or Bleeds correctly
Page elements that bleed should extend 1/8 ″ past the page boundary .
The page dimensions should be exactly the same as your final trim size of the piece .
DO NOT build your page elements in the middle of a bigger page and manually add crop or registration marks .
They will probably get printed and your piece will suck .
Provide bitmap images at adequate minimum resolution
NEVER , EVER , EVER use image you copied from a website in your print job .
Not only will this violate some copyright laws , it will also render a very ugly result .
Web images are almost always 72dpi .
You want to use images that are at least 300dpi .
Provide import source files
If you are using an image editing program like Photoshop , you may want to include the layered PSD file so that if any minor adjustments could be made by the printer .
THIS IS NOT AN EXCUSE FOR THINGS TO BE INCORRECT TO BEGIN WITH .
Supply image files in CMYK mode
Things are printed in CMYK .
Things on screen are viewed in RGB .
It is much easier to work on files in an RGB profile as it allows for the most flexibility in image editing .
However , make sure you flatten and convert these files to CMYK before they are used in the final work .
If sent to press while still in RGB mode , chances are good that the printing software will kick up all sorts of errors .
Define spot and / or process colors correctly
Speaking of colors , it is a good idea to define all spot and process colors so the printer has either a PMS number or a CMYK formula to use .
You should really be doing this any way to keep everything consistent .
Provide proofs
You should always provide a proof to the printer so they know what the job should look like when it ’s finished .
I like to use a PDF because they are pretty much universally utilized .
Include all imports …ALL imports
This is one of the most critical steps that some , ahem , “ designers ” forget about .
Anytime you use an image , logo or graphic in a file to be printed it is n’t actually copying that image .
It is linking it to the original files location .
So if you do n’t include these with your packaged file set when it goes to the printer guess what , you are n’t gonna have any of those linked images in the final work .
Lucky for you most current page layout software like Adobe InDesign , Quark and Pagemaker ( do people still use Pagemaker ? ) can do this for you by running a “ Preflight ” or “ Package ” command .
Include all fonts … ALL fonts
Sending all the fonts used in a job is VERY important .
If you use a font that your printer does n’t have then one of two things will happen .
Your job will be printed with the closest match the software can find
( if you are using a reputable printer this should really never be the case )
The printer will contact you to get the appropriate font from you .
Communicate with your printer
Talk to the people who will be handling your job .
Let them know exactly what you want to accomplish with your printed work and they will be able to guide you in making sure everything is correct .
Some definitions :
CMYK : Cyan , Magenta , Yellow and Key ( Black ) , the four process color inks .
These are the inks used to print full color images .
Bleed :
When an image or printed color extends beyond the trimmed edge of a page .
Bleeding ensures that the print extends to the edges of the paper .
The paper is usually trimmed to the desired size after printing .
Spot Color :
An ink formula resulting in a specific color .
Each spot color will need its own film / plate .
Referred to as PMS ( Pantone ) colors sometimes .
Process Color :
One of the 4 colors in CMYK – Cyan , Magenta , Yellow and Black
Proof : A rendering of what the final printed result will look like .
PITTSBURGH -- The Phil Savage era as Browns general manager is over .
Shortly after the Browns completed a 4 - 12 season with a 31 - 0 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers , the Browns confirmed Sunday that Savage was fired .
Owner Randy Lerner made the decision before the game .
A source said the decision was based on problems with Savage 's communication and leadership skills .
Lerner is hoping to recruit former Pittsburgh Steelers coach Bill Cowher or New England vice president Scott Pioli to head his revamped football operation .
By virture of New England 's elimination from the playoffs despite an 11 - 5 record , Pioli is available to be interviewed immediately .
According to a source , Lerner was absent from the game because he was lining up a busy schedule of interviews this week .
He is expected to meet face - to - face this week with Cowher , who has been telling everyone that he does not intend to return to coaching in 2009 .
Lerner also could do personal interviews with a couple of NFL assistant coaches to comply with the league 's mandate to interview at least one minority for a head coaching vacancy .
The Browns may interview Buffalo defensive coordinator Perry Fewell and Washington defensive coordinator Greg Blache .
The Browns also want to interview New York Giants defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo in the " window " allotted by the NFL with the Giants on a postseason bye week .
In May , Savage agreed to a three - year contract extension through 2012 .
Savage had a more tumultuous year than his team in 2008 .
He made several public comments that applied pressure on his coaching staff , got involved in a messy spat with tight end Kellen Winslow over a suspension that ultimately was rescinded , and responded to a disgruntled fan in an e-mail that contained an expletive .
In four years with Savage as general manager , the Browns were 24 - 40 .
The team was 25 - 40 with one playoff appearance in the four years prior to Savage .
Madonna performs on stage during her " Sticky and Sweet " tour at the Monumental stadium in Buenos Aires , December 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Marcos Brindicci
SANTIAGO ( Reuters ) - Pop star Madonna ’s antics are lustful , a stain on humanity and offensive to God , a retired Roman Catholic cardinal said Wednesday during a mass for the late Chilean military dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet .
Madonna performed in Santiago on the Latin American leg of her Sticky and Sweet Tour to promote her album “ Hard Candy . ”
“ The atmosphere in our city is pretty agitated because this woman is visiting and with incredibly shameful behavior provokes a wild and lustful enthusiasm , ” Cardinal Jorge Medina told the congregation .
“ Thoughts of lust , impure thoughts , impure acts , are an offense to God and a dirty stain on our heart , ” Medina said in his homily marking the second anniversary of Pinochet ’s death .
The conservative prelate is reviled by some Chileans for his close ties to Pinochet , who died in 2006 without facing trial for the fate of 3,000 people who died or disappeared during his 1973 - 1990 rule .
Jill Biden Oprah Oops !
VIDEO
Vice President - elect Joe Biden and his wife Jill Biden sat down with Oprah Winfrey yesterday in Washington D.C.
The talk show maven took her Chicago show on the road to partake in all of the inauguration activities for her friend President - elect Barack Obama , including a private dinner on Sunday evening at Blair House .
During their conversation , Jill let slip that Joe had actually been offered two jobs - VP and Secretary of State .
He immediately put his fingers to his lips and said shhhh .
The audience laughed and she trudged on with more dialogue on the subject .
Several hours later Biden 's office released a statement indicating that he had only been offered the VP job .
Check out their family photos here .
Check out the video exchange below .
Thank you for your Submission !
All you need to do right now is click the link in the Verification email that we have just sent you .
If you still have n't received it , please check your spam inbox .
Your verification link will redirect you to our Marketplace hub where you can login and check out your application status .
We will be replying once we take interest in your offer .
In the meantime , check out our other related assets .
Imagine a country where the government regularly checks the waistlines of citizens over age 40 .
Anyone deemed too fat would be required to undergo diet counseling .
Those who fail to lose sufficient weight could face further " reeducation " and their communities subject to stiff fines .
Is this some nightmarish dystopia ?
No , this is contemporary Japan .
The Japanese government argues that it must regulate citizens ' lifestyles because it is paying their health costs .
This highlights one of the greatly underappreciated dangers of " universal healthcare . "
Any government that attempts to guarantee healthcare must also control its costs .
The inevitable next step will be to seek to control citizens ' health and their behavior .
Hence , Americans should beware that if we adopt universal healthcare , we also risk creating a " nanny state on steroids " antithetical to core American principles .
Other countries with universal healthcare are already restricting individual freedoms in the name of controlling health costs .
For example , the British government has banned some television ads for eggs on the grounds that they were promoting an unhealthy lifestyle .
This is a blatant infringement of egg sellers ' rights to advertise their products .
In 2007 , New Zealand banned Richie Trezise , a Welsh submarine cable specialist , from entering the country on the grounds that his obesity would " impose significant costs ... on New Zealand 's health or special education services . "
Richie later lost weight and was allowed to immigrate , but his wife had trouble slimming and was kept home .
Germany has mounted an aggressive anti-obesity campaign in workplaces and schools to promote dieting and exercise .
Citizens who fail to cooperate are branded as " antisocial " for costing the government billions of euros in medical expenses .
Of course healthy diet and exercise are good .
But these are issues of personal – not government – responsibility .
So long as they do n't harm others , adults should have the right to eat and drink what they wish – and the corresponding responsibility to enjoy ( or suffer ) the consequences of their choices .
Anyone who makes poor lifestyle choices should pay the price himself or rely on voluntary charity , not demand that the government pay for his choices .
Government attempts to regulate individual lifestyles are based on the claim that they must limit medical costs that would otherwise be a burden on " society . "
But this issue can arise only in " universal healthcare " systems where taxpayers must pay for everyone 's medical expenses .
Although American healthcare is only under partial government control in the form of programs such as Medicaid and Medicare , American nanny state regulations have exploded in recent years .
Many American cities ban restaurants from selling foods with trans fats .
Los Angeles has imposed a moratorium on new fast food restaurants in South L.A. Other California cities ban smoking in some private residences .
California has outlawed after - school bake sales as part of a " zero tolerance " ban on selling sugar products on campus .
New York Gov. David Paterson has proposed an 18 percent tax on sugary sodas and juice drinks , and state officials have not ruled out additional taxes on cheeseburgers and other foods deemed unhealthy .
These ominous trends will only accelerate if the US adopts universal healthcare .
Just as universal healthcare will further fuel the nanny state , the nanny state mind - set helps fuel the drive toward universal healthcare .
Individuals are n't regarded as competent to decide how to manage their lives and their health .
So the government provides " cradle to grave " coverage of their healthcare .
Nanny state regulations and universal healthcare thus feed a vicious cycle of increasing government control over individuals .
Both undermine individual responsibility and habituate citizens to ever - worsening erosions of their individual rights .
Both promote dependence on government .
Both undermine the virtues of independence and rationality .
Both jeopardize the very foundations of a free society .
The American Founding Fathers who fought and died for our freedoms would be appalled to know their descendants were allowing the government to dictate what they could eat and drink .
The Founders correctly understood that the proper role of government is to protect individual rights and otherwise leave men free to live – not tell us how many eggs we should eat .
If we still value our freedoms , we must reject both the nanny state and universal healthcare .
Otherwise , it wo n't be long before the " Waistline Police " come knocking on our doors .
• Paul Hsieh practices medicine in the south Denver metro area and is a cofounder of Freedom and Individual Rights in Medicine ( FIRM ) .
BISHKEK ( Reuters ) - Kyrgyzstan ’s parliament voted on Thursday to close the only U.S. air base in Central Asia , removing one of the U.S. military ’s supply routes into Afghanistan as it prepares to send more troops .
The United States also faced reluctance from its NATO allies to provide more soldiers to complement the extra 17,000 troops it is sending to Afghanistan to tackle the Taliban insurgency .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , attending a NATO meeting in Poland , said Washington wanted its allies to send more troops to provide security for a presidential election in Afghanistan in August but acknowledged big increases were unlikely .
Kyrgyzstan ’s decision to close the U.S. air base undermined its plans to diversify supply routes into Afghanistan after supply convoys were attacked by militants in Pakistan .
Kyrgyzstan ’s parliament backed a decision by President Kurmanbek Bakiyev -- announced in Moscow after he secured a $ 2 billion package of aid and credit from Russia -- to close the Manas air base 35 km ( 22 miles ) from the capital Bishkek .
Kyrgyz Foreign Minister Kadyrbek Sarbayev said Washington would be given 180 days to wrap up operations after the parliamentary decision was signed into law .
In Washington the Pentagon said it was still looking at what it could offer Kyrgyzstan to keep the base open .
“ We continue to consider what we might be able to offer the government but we ’re not prepared to stay at any price and we continue to look at other options that are available to us , ” Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said .
NATO spokesman James Appathurai said NATO members would continue to supply their forces as needed .
“ We have full stock piles ... it is an inconvenience for allies and one to regret , but we can certainly absorb it , ” he said .
The United States and its allies fly troops and supplies from bases in Europe and the Gulf and could increase this traffic to make up for the loss of Manas air base .
But the closure underlined the challenges Washington faces in enlisting Russian support for its campaign in Afghanistan .
Russia says it is willing to help with the shipment of supplies through former Soviet Central Asian states , but is suspicious of any attempt by Washington to build a permanent military presence there .
A first shipment of non-military goods is expected to leave NATO member Latvia shortly , going through Russia , Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan to Afghanistan .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
HEAVY COMMITMENT
The United States faces a major challenge in Afghanistan , with the Taliban insurgency growing in strength both there and in neighboring Pakistan .
U.S. Army General David McKiernan told reporters in Washington that 2009 would be a tough year , but the extra troops would help break a stalemate in southern Afghanistan .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
But he said it would be a long struggle .
“ For the next three to four years , I think we ’re going to need to stay heavily committed ... in a sustained manner in Afghanistan . ”
The reinforcements will take U.S. troop numbers to around 55,000 , in addition to the 30,000 troops from 40 other mostly NATO countries already operating in Afghanistan .
Most of the extra troops will be sent to southern Afghanistan where mostly British , Canadian and Dutch troops have not had enough soldiers to keep effective control of ground they have captured from the Taliban .
Gates acknowledged in the Polish city of Krakow that large increases in troops from Washington ’s NATO allies were unlikely but said he would also seek more help on civilian development .
“ There needs to be a strengthening on the civilian side as we are strengthening on the military side .
And frankly I hope it may be easier for our allies to do that than significant troop increases especially for the longer term . ”
NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer also said NATO needed to stop looking at Afghanistan in isolation and recognize Taliban militants were also fighting to destabilize Pakistan .
“ I can say again that I believe the Pakistani government is serious about fighting extremism .
What we need in NATO is to stop seeing Afghanistan in isolation and to start seeing it in a more regional approach . ”
More than seven years after the U.S. - led invasion of Afghanistan to topple the Taliban following the 9/11 attacks on the United States , the Islamist insurgency has spread from Pakistan ’s border with Afghanistan deeper into the country .
Earlier this week , the Pakistan government stuck a peace deal to end fighting between the Taliban and the Pakistan Army in the Swat valley , just 130 km ( 90 miles ) north of Islamabad , by promising to reintroduce Islamic sharia law there .
The man who predicted the 1987 stock market crash and the fall of the Soviet Union is now forecasting revolution in America , food riots and tax rebellions - all within four years , while cautioning that putting food on the table will be a more pressing concern than buying Christmas gifts by 2012 .
Gerald Celente (
) , the CEO of Trends Research Institute , is renowned for his accuracy in predicting future world and economic events , which will send a chill down your spine considering what he told Fox News this week .
Celente says that by 2012 America will become an undeveloped nation , that there will be a revolution marked by food riots , squatter rebellions , tax revolts and job marches , and that holidays will be more about obtaining food , not gifts .
" We 're going to see the end of the retail Christmas .... we 're going to see a fundamental shift take place .... putting food on the table is going to be more important that putting gifts under the Christmas tree , " said Celente , adding that the situation would be " worse than the great depression " .
" America 's going to go through a transition the likes of wh ich no one is prepared for , " said Celente , noting that people 's refusal to acknowledge that America was even in a recession highlights how big a problem denial is in being ready for the true scale of the crisis .
Celente , who successfully predicted the 1997 Asian Currency Crisis , the subprime mortgage collapse and the massive devaluation of the U.S. dollar , told UPI in November last year that the following year would be known as " The Panic of 2008 , " adding that " giants ( would ) tumble to their deaths , " which is exactly what we have witnessed with the collapse of Lehman Brothers , Bear Stearns and others .
He also said that the dollar would eventually be devalued by as much as 90 percent .
The consequence of what we have seen unfold this year would lead to a lowering in living standards , Celente predicted a year ago , which is also being borne out by plummeting retail sales figures .
The prospect of revolution was a concept echoed by a British Ministry of Defence report last year , which predicted that within 30 years , the growing gap between the super rich and the middle class , along with an urban underclass threatening social order would mean , " The world 's middle classes might unite , using access to knowledge , resources and skills to shape transnational processes in their own class interest , " and that , " The middle classes could become a revolutionary class . "
In a separate recent interview , Celente went further on the subject of revolution in America .
" There will be a revolution in this country , " he said .
" It 's not going to come yet , but it 's going to come down the line and we 're going to see a third party and this was the catalyst for it : the takeover of Washington , D. C. , in broad daylight by Wall Street in this bloodless coup .
And it will happen as conditions continue to worsen . "
" The first thing to do is organize with tax revolts .
That 's going to be the big one because people can't afford to pay more school tax , property tax , any kind of tax .
You 're going to start seeing those kinds of protests start to develop . "
" It 's going to be very bleak .
Very sad .
And there is going to be a lot of homeless , the likes of which we have never seen before .
Tent cities are already sprouting up around the country and we 're going to see many more . "
" We 're going to start seeing huge areas of vacant real estate and squatters living in them as well .
It 's going to be a picture the likes of which Americans are not going to be used to .
It 's going to come as a shock and with it , there 's going to be a lot of crime .
And the crime is going to be a lot worse than it was before because in the last 1929 Depression , people 's minds were n't wrecked on all these modern drugs - over - the - counter drugs , or crystal meth or whatever it might be .
So , you have a huge underclass of very desperate people with their minds chemically blown beyond anybody 's comprehension . "
That brought an angry rejoinder from Richard P. Sloan , a professor of behavioral medicine at Columbia University Medical Center , who said his own book , “ Blind Faith : The Unholy Alliance of Religion and Medicine , ” was written to counter “ garbage research ” financed by Templeton on , for example , the healing effects of prayer .
Image Credit ...
Tad Majewski
With atheists and agnostics outnumbering the faithful ( a few believing scientists , like Francis S. Collins , author of “ The Language of God : A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief , ” were invited but could not attend ) , one speaker after another called on their colleagues to be less timid in challenging teachings about nature based only on scripture and belief .
“ The core of science is not a mathematical model ; it is intellectual honesty , ” said Sam Harris , a doctoral student in neuroscience and the author of “ The End of Faith : Religion , Terror and the Future of Reason ” and “ Letter to a Christian Nation . ”
“ Every religion is making claims about the way the world is , ” he said .
“ These are claims about the divine origin of certain books , about the virgin birth of certain people , about the survival of the human personality after death .
These claims purport to be about reality . ”
By shying away from questioning people ’s deeply felt beliefs , even the skeptics , Mr. Harris said , are providing safe harbor for ideas that are at best mistaken and at worst dangerous .
“ I do n’t know how many more engineers and architects need to fly planes into our buildings before we realize that this is not merely a matter of lack of education or economic despair , ” he said .
Dr. Weinberg , who famously wrote toward the end of his 1977 book on cosmology , “ The First Three Minutes , ” that “ the more the universe seems comprehensible , the more it also seems pointless , ” went a step further : “ Anything that we scientists can do to weaken the hold of religion should be done and may in the end be our greatest contribution to civilization . ”
With a rough consensus that the grand stories of evolution by natural selection and the blossoming of the universe from the Big Bang are losing out in the intellectual marketplace , most of the discussion came down to strategy .
How can science fight back without appearing to be just one more ideology ?
Republican senator says Obama nominee promised Bush officials would n't be prosecuted for torture Ron Brynaert
Published : Wednesday January 28 , 2009
Print This Email This Update at bottom : Huffington Post reports
Holder aide dismisses Senator 's claims
A Republican senator says that President Barack Obama 's attorney general nominee , Eric Holder , privately offered assurances that no Bush administration officials would be prosecuted for torture if he was confirmed .
The claim was printed Wednesday in a conservative - leaning Washington , D.C. newspaper .
" Sen. Christopher ' Kit ' Bond , a Republican from Missouri and the vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , said in an interview with The Washington Times that he will support Eric H. Holder Jr. 's nomination for Attorney General because Mr. Holder assured him privately that Mr. Obama 's Justice Department will not prosecute former Bush officials involved in the interrogations program , " Eli Lake writes for the Washington Times .
The report adds , " Sen . Bond also said that Mr. Holder told him in a private meeting Tuesday that he will not strip the telecommunications companies that cooperated with the National Security Agency after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks of retroactive legal immunity from civil lawsuits -- removing another potential sticking point among GOP senators . "
" I made it clear that trying to prosecute political leaders would generate a political firestorm the Obama administration does n't need , " Bond told the paper .
" I was concerned about previous statements he made and others had made .
He gave me assurances that he would not take those steps that would cause major disruptions in our intelligence system or cause political warfare .
We do n't need that kind of political warfare .
He gave me assurances he is looking forward . "
Bond added , " I believe he will look forward to keep the nation safe and not look backwards to prosecute intelligence operators who were fighting terror and kept our country safe since 9 - 11 . "
Firedoglake 's Emptywheel noted that during the hearing , Democratic Sens .
Whitehouse and Leahy " took the opportunity to scold [ Sens . ]
Cornyn and Specter for trying to make Holder commit to no prosecutions for torture . "
" We came perilously close to seeking a prosecutive commitment from an AG candidate on an issue he would have to make a decision on , " said Whitehouse , according to Emptywheel 's liveblogging account .
" We do n't ask judicial candidates their position on a case , the notion that a person who is a candidate for AG should have to make a prosecutative decision before he has even read the file or before he has even been read into the program at question . "
On Friday , after privately meeting with the attorney general nominee , Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) told the Philadelphia Inquirer that regarding Cornyn 's concern about prosecution of those engaged in interrogation , Holder " did say it would depend on the specific facts of the case . "
Specter added that Holder said that there would have to be a " ' reliable and authoritative ' Justice Department opinion authorizing the actions taken , " the Inquirer reported .
Liberals skeptical of source , suspect spin , but wo n't dismiss
Prominent liberal bloggers and journalists are n't sure what to make of the story published by a news organization many dismiss as " Moonie - controlled , " since it was started by Unification Church founder Sun Myung Moon .
Nor do they trust Bond 's version of the meeting with Holder .
At Talking Points Memo , Justin Elliott argues that the Washington Times ' paraphrasing of Bond 's remarks " are not quite so clear cut . "
" Holder said at his confirmation hearing two weeks ago that ' waterboarding is torture , ' " Elliott writes .
" And while President Obama has voiced a preference for looking ' forward as opposed to looking backwards ' when it comes to potential prosecutions , Holder 's unequivocal statement on waterboarding raised the possibility that a full - scale investigation is required . "
Salon 's Glenn Greenwald writes , " This story depends upon the credibility of both The Washington Times and Sen .
Bond , so who knows if it 's really true , but would anyone be surprised if it were true ? "
Emptywheel 's take was n't dissimilar to Greenwald's , as both leading liberal internet voices have grown more skeptical that any meaningful prosecutions over torture approval by Bush officials will ever commence .
" Mind you , I 'm not holding my breath for any big prosecutions from the Obama administration , given his repeated calls to move forward , " Emptywheel writes .
" That said , I suspect Kit Bond is spinning Holder 's clear statements with regard to those who implemented Bush 's policies into statements about those who crafted Bush 's policies . "
Late Wednesday afternoon , in an update to his Washington Times exclusive , Lake added a response by the ACLU which calls Bond 's account into question , and hopes that the Obama administration will soon offer " clarification . "
" Kit Bond is not stating this in the way that Mr. Holder stated it to him . "
Caroline Fredrickson , legislative director for the American Civil Liberties Union , told the paper .
" We are hoping there will be a clarification .
It would be extraordinary if our top prosecutor , before taking office , would have predetermined whether or not to pursue certain cases because of political pressure . "
Report : Holder aide denies senator 's claims
Huffington Post 's Sam Stein reports that an aide to Holder is denying Sen .
Bond 's claims
" Eric Holder has not made any commitments about who would or would not be prosecuted , " the aide told Huffington Post 's Sam Stein .
" He explained his position to Senator Bond as he did in the public hearing and in responses to written questions . "
Stein adds that the Washington Times " report caused a stir on the Hill , where Democrats were left wondering whether Holder had privately placated Republican concerns that he would investigate Bush administration officials involved in interrogations . "
More on Holder confirmation hearing at this link .
A look at the news , politics and journalism in today 's 24 - hour media .
The Beastie Boys are completing the follow - up to 2007 ’s instrumental affair The Mix - Up in their New York studio .
And according to Adam “ MCA ” Yauch , it will be a “ bizarre ” effort .
“ There are a lot of songs on the record and there are a lot of short songs and they kind of all run into each other , ” he told the BBC .
“ It ’s a combination of playing and sampling stuff as we ’re playing , and also sampling pretty obscure records . ”
The upcoming effort will also be “ very wordy ” and include plenty of “ fart jokes ” too , Adam “ Ad- Rock ” Horovitz recently confirmed .
Yauch said the working title for the new record is Tadlock ’s Glasses — do n’t worry , there ’s an explanation : “ We had a bus driver years ago who used to drive Elvis ’ back up singers .
His name was Tadlock and Elvis gave him a pair of glasses , which he was very proud of .
So for some reason that title — Tadlock ’s Glasses — has just been bouncing around . ”
A release date for the album has yet to be announced , but Yauch claims the band are “ tweaking some mixes and we ’re going to master it in the next couple of weeks . ”
The trio ’s only confirmed live performance is a headlining slot at this year ’s Bonnaroo festival .
Sony Computer Entertainment has cut the cost of materials used to make its PlayStation 3 game console by 35 percent , according to market research firm iSuppli .
The components used to produce the second - generation of the PS3 console cost US $ 448.73 , based on October component prices , iSuppli said , citing a recent teardown of the system it conducted to see what components are used inside .
The market research firm then assembled a bill of materials based on that list of components and estimated prices to arrive at a system cost .
By comparison , the components used inside the first generation of the PS3 cost $ 690.23 , based on mid-2007 prices , iSuppli said .
Sony makes a loss on the sale of each PlayStation 3 console , which sells for $ 400 on Amazon.com .
But the loss Sony records for each console is narrowing , and the company may soon reach the break - even point , including other costs associated with manufacturing and sales .
" The PS3 may be able to break even in 2009 with further hardware revisions , " iSuppli said in a statement .
Sony managed to cut the material cost of the second - generation PlayStation 3 by using more advanced components .
In particular , the consoles use a more advanced version of the Cell processor and other chips made using a 65 - nanometer manufacturing process , instead of the older 90 - nanometer process .
This shift reduces unit manufacturing costs for each chip and lowers power consumption , which means Sony can use a less expensive power supply .
The number of components inside the PS3 has also been reduced , as functions previously handled by different chips have been combined in a single part , iSuppli said .
Most of the projects in the the President ’s $ 900 billion stimulus package are the kind of public works the government has executed for decades : trains , bridges , and so on .
But the “ Energy ” projects that will be eligible for funding are full of new technologies that have never before been implemented on a large scale .
What exactly are they ?
According to the House Committee on Appropriations , the House version of the bill reserves “ energy ” monies for the following project categories .
$ 11 billion for R&D devoted to the Smart Grid Investment Program and various energy pilot projects
$ 8 billion for loans for renewable energy plants
$ 6.9 billion for loans to state and local governments , to help them make general “ investments ” that will increase their energy efficiency
$ 8.7 billion to weatherize HUD - sponsored and moderate income housing
$ 2 billion in loans and grants for battery technology
$ 1.5 billion for increasing the efficiency of schools and colleges
$ 300 million in rebates for consumers who buy Energy Star - rated appliances
$ 1 billion to buy alternative fuel cars for federal , state and local government
$ 200 million in grants towards electric vehicle research
$ 2.4 billion for carbon - capture technology to cleanse fossil fuel energy
$ 350 for the Department of Defense to figure out how to power bases and weapons with renewable energy
$ 500 million for energy - efficient manufacturing projects
$ 300 for reducing diesel emissions .
You can read the House ’s summary of the bill here .
We know a little bit about the so - called “ smart grid ” that President Obama is advocating .
The smart grid is an energy transmission system that can handle variable energy levels , and can pull energy from homes and businesses as easily as it can send energy there .
That makes inconsistent generators like wind turbines and solar panels feasible energy sources , and opens the possibility for hybrid cars and houses to sell back some of their energy to the utility company .
But the details of the other projects are discussed largely in catch phrases and metonyms .
To figure out where this money will actually go , you have to dig into the pages of the Main Street Economic Recovery Report , which is a list of potential stimulus projects compiled by the US Conference of Mayors .
As I explained in an earlier post , the mayors of America ’s cities will be the ones sending stimulus ideas to the state - level government , who , in turn , will apply for funding from the Department of Commerce once the stimulus–aka the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act–is signed into law at the end of this week .
But if you want a more Web 2.0 way to explore the mayors ’ project suggestions , you can check out Stimulus Watch , which has ported the mayors ’ list , and allows people to vote and comment on the projects .
The mayors ’ report lists over 1300 “ energy ” and related project ideas in all 50 states .
This is the meat and potatoes of the stimulus package , right here ; each idea is summarized with job - creation predictions and cost estimates .
It ’s also the most exciting part of the act , because many of these suggested projects will , if enacted , bring thousands of talked - about “ green ” ideas to immediate popular use .
Promotional Products
Looking For Promotional Products With Your Branding ?
APD Promotions specialises in customised promotional products .
We supply a wide range of promotional items , corporate gifts , GWPs ( Gift With Purchase ) , and we can develop your own branded Online Merchandise Store ( OMS ) .
We manage all aspects of your promotional campaign from idea development to product delivery .
Utilizing our network of manufacturers from around the world , we are able to supply custom branded promotional products to Australia and around the world at highly competitive prices with a fast turnaround .
Our China Sourcing service can help you save more than 70 % of your cost .
Call us to discuss your next campaign or browse through our wide range of promotional merchandise .
If you can't find what you are looking for , contact us and we will find it , or create it for you .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Tiffany Sessions was a 20 - year - old junior studying economics at the University of Florida in Gainesville when she decided to go out for a run .
She never came back .
College student Tiffany Sessions has been missing since February 9 , 1989 .
Sessions left her off - campus apartment about 6 p.m. February 9 , 1989 .
She told her roommate she'd be back shortly and took her Walkman with her .
It was the last time anyone would see her .
That was 20 years ago , a time when no one had cell phones , Blackberries or Web sites to aid in tracking a missing or abducted person .
The only clues came from people who recalled seeing a young woman fitting Sessions ' description walking down the main street just before dusk .
Sessions ' jogging route usually took her down Gainesville 's main street to a small dirt trail that cut through the woods .
The loop was 1½ miles each way and took her about an hour .
Police and family believe that she was abducted near the woods .
After extensive searches , no clues were found : not her remains , not her Walkman , not the clothes she was wearing .
" Much of the area in the last decade has been paved over , with new construction , making a search today very difficult , " said Detective Bob Dean of the Alachua County Sheriff 's Office .
However , investigators are still searching and working this case actively .
Nancy Grace Nancy
Grace adds heat to cold cases .
8 & 10 PM , HLN see full schedule »
Searchers were out as recently as late December , seeking clues with newer technologies .
" We have used ground sonar equipment , even , " Dean said .
Over the years , there have been some possible suspects -- people who came forward and confessed -- but police have ruled them out as credible suspects .
One potential suspect was a man who was in jail for killing a 5 - year - old girl .
He 'd written a letter to police , claiming he was responsible for Tiffany Sessions ' disappearance .
But when questioned later by police , he denied writing the letter , even though handwriting analysis indicated that he had .
" Although police do n't think so , I still believe this guy could have something to do with my daughter 's disappearance , " said Patrick Sessions , Tiffany 's father .
According to Patrick Sessions , who has been closely involved with the police investigating his daughter 's case , the man who confessed was a sex offender who had been released just a month and a half before Tiffany Sessions disappeared .
The cold case unit of the Alachua County Sheriff 's Office has taken over this case .
Patrick Sessions observed the 20th anniversary of his daughter 's disappearance by making renewed appeals through the media .
Police and family urge anyone with more information about Tiffany Sessions or information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for her disappearance to call the tip line at 352-367-4161 .
A $ 25,000 reward is offered .
Tiffany Sessions was last seen wearing red sweatpants , a white sweatshirt with the word " Aspen " on it , a gold Rolex watch and a black Sony Walkman .
She was 5 ' 3 " and weighed 125 pounds at the time of her disappearance .
She has blonde hair and brown eyes .
All About Missing Persons • Nancy Grace
Really , big brother is listening , roving , watching , looking more than ever to protect Barack Obama and his family .
This nut job needs to stop taking stupid pills .
According to an Affidavit filed by Special Agent Kelly Adcox with the United States Secret Service , Christopher posted the following on the Web site www.alien-earth.org on Jan. 11 , 2009 :
ok we have 6 days until my Presidential Assasination .
Yes , I have decided I will assasinate Barack Obama .
It 's really nothing personal about the man .
He speaks well , has a loving although controlling wife and two cute daughters .
But I know it 's for the country 's own good that I do this .
And I 'm not racist either , my family is a little , but is n't all Italian and european families ?
I mean how many times have you heard the word ( racial slur ) in the comforts of your home ?
I have a lot , and it really bothered me and I would confront them about it .
No , it 's not because I 'm racist that I will kill Barack , it 's because I can no longer allow the Jewish parasites to bully their way into making the American people submit to their evil ways .
How many of you Obama supporters are now disappointed after some of his arm - twisted Jewish appointee decisions ???
Make 's you think he's not really in charge ( which he is n't ) .
No it 's the same old , same old filthy ( expletive ) ( racial slur ) who are poisoning America , who have murdered thousands of innocent lives on 9 - 11 - 01 , and are thinking that they are going to get away with it again .
Barack , I view more as a sacrificial lamb , but the sacrifice MUST take place .
He had good intentions , but like the Steve Taylor song goes , " a politician next door , swore , he 'd set the Washington arena on fire , thinks he 'll gladiate them , but they 're gonna make him a liar . "
So , I 'm stuck here in Mississippi , and I 'll need bus fare or some way of getting to Washington .
I do n't own a gun , so maybe someone can give me one .
And I 'll need a leak in the secret service to get a close up shot , somewhere close to the podium , since I 've never fired a gun , so I need to get an easy shot off .
Wattdysay fellas ?
Any help ?
You all know we can't live with the jewscum anylonger , dont cha ?
You got a better solution ?
I 'm all ears .
Stevie
This is unpleasant , I get that , but this is real and there are folks out there LIKE THIS .
Deep discounts over the holidays were n't enough to save the nation 's retailers from a dismal shopping season , based on disappointing sales figures reported Thursday by even stalwart companies like Wal - Mart Stores Inc .
Wal - Mart reported a 1.7 percent increase in sales , excluding gasoline , at U.S. stores open at least a year , but the world 's largest retailer missed analysts ' expectations and cut its fiscal fourth - quarter earnings projections .
The low - price retail leader has been one of the few bright spots in the industry .
Macy 's Inc. , which has struggled along with other major department - store chains , reported a decrease of 4 percent in same - store sales for the five weeks ended Jan. 3 and said sales for the combined November - December period were down 7.5 percent .
The company , which is based in Cincinnati , also announced Thursday it was closing 11 stores ; the sole California closure will be in Los Angeles .
San Francisco's Gap Inc. reported a comparable - store December sales drop of 14 percent , with the company describing the period as challenging and highly competitive in terms of discounted prices .
Comparable or same - store sales are considered a reliable measure because they exclude the impact of store openings and closings .
High - end retailers like Neiman Marcus Inc. and Saks Fifth Avenue experienced some of the worst declines , reporting sales drops for the month of 27.5 percent and 19.8 percent respectively .
Same - store sales at Nordstrom dropped 10.6 percent , but that was not as much as analysts predicted .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" The season certainly lived up to the infamous billing of being the worst on record , " said Michael Niemira , chief economist and director of research for the International Council of Shopping Centers .
The industry group reported U.S. retail sales fell 2.2 percent in November and December , the worst performance since at least 1970 .
But the news was n't necessarily all bad , according to several retail experts .
While the numbers were downright dismal in October through much of December as news of the poor economy curbed spending , sales dramatically improved in the week before and after Christmas .
" Shoppers did make the decision to wait until the last moment to make their holiday purchases to see what more would develop in the markets .
Traffic and sales improved quite a bit just before Christmas and after , so clearly all those promotions helped shoppers get off the dime , " said Frank Badillo , senior economist at TNS Retail Forward , a market research and consulting firm .
Badillo's firm calculated an overall December sales decline of 1.5 percent , compared to a 2.5 percent sales drop in November .
" The numbers continue to be bad , but there 's some reason to believe they 're bottoming out , " Badillo said .
" They are n't getting worse and we wo n't necessarily see sales spiraling downward in 2009 . "
The heavy discounting that occurred throughout the holiday season might have spurred some last - minute spending , but those promotions will clearly take a toll on company profits .
The holiday specials might also pressure retailers into offering lower prices through the spring and into summer because consumers have come to expect heavy markdowns .
But Richard Hastings , consumer strategist with Global Hunter Securities in Newport Beach ( Orange County ) , said consumers should not expect 70 percent discounts to become the norm .
" The new price for fresh product will be a little lower than it used to be , and it will marked down sooner , " Hastings said .
" But the industry is not turning into a dollar store . "
Wal - Mart 's poorer - than - expected showing contributed to a jittery stock performance on Wall Street Thursday .
Several retail consultants and economists said price competition from other retailers likely hurt Wal - Mart - as well as the company 's excuse of bad weather and weak international sales - but the fundamentals of Wal - Mart remain stable .
Shoppers appeared to be reluctant to spend money on big - ticket items , which hurt sales of home goods and consumer electronics .
Costco Wholesale Corp. posted a 4 percent drop in same - store sales for December , but the company said it would have recorded a 4 percent increase for the month excluding gasoline sales and assuming no change in currency values .
Lower gasoline sales reduced sales volumes and a stronger dollar has hurt international sales for companies like Costco and Wal - Mart .
At Gap , same - store sales dropped 12 percent at North American Gap stores , 15 percent at its Banana Republic division and 16 percent at Old Navy stores .
Another San Francisco retailer , Williams - Sonoma Inc. , reported a same - store sales decline of 24.2 percent for the eight - week period ended Dec. 28 .
The high - end kitchen wares company , which does not release monthly figures , said it expects its fourth - quarter earnings to be lower than expected .
John Donahoe , chief executive of eBay , is facing questions over his leadership of the online auctions pioneer which has been trying to turn itself into a more traditional e-commerce website .
Website traffic data shows that cash - strapped consumers are shunning eBay in favour of rivals such as Amazon in their search for online bargains .
The company 's shares , which have been bumping around at levels not seen since after the dotcom bust in 2001 , fell 3.4 per cent on the Nasdaq stock market , as analysts predicted it is about to post the first revenue decline in its 13 - year history .
ComScore , which tracks website traffic , found eBay visitor numbers in the period since 3
November are down 16 per cent on last year , even though the site was the busiest on the web on the Monday after Thanksgiving , traditionally a busy online shopping day .
Since 3 November , Amazon 's traffic numbers are up 6 per cent .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Laura Martin , a media analyst at Soleil Securities , blamed Mr Donahoe 's strategy to downplay eBay 's famous auctions business and instead to encourage sellers to offer items at fixed prices , making it appear more like a traditional online retailer .
" Consumer spending numbers are going down for all retailers , but eBay has particular problems because it is becoming increasingly difficult for customers to find the deals that they want on there , amidst all the clutter of fixed - price items .
I do n't understand why eBay is making itself more like their competitors instead of less . "
Mr Donahoe has changed the way eBay charges fees to sellers to favour fixed - price offers , provoking outrage among many of the semi-professional traders who use the site to hawk everything from toys and games to clothing and electronic equipment , and much else besides .
Instead , eBay has tied up agreements with large - scale wholesalers , changing the look and feel of the website in the process .
The company says many customers prefer the speed and convenience of buying items at fixed prices , rather than waiting for the conclusion of an auction , but that such auctions remain an integral part of the website .
In an investment note downgrading eBay , Jeffrey Lindsay , an analyst at Bernstein , said the changes were not feeding through into improved user numbers , compounding other problems .
The auction site is still the world 's largest online second - hand car dealership , Mr Lindsay said , accounting for about 22 per cent of the company 's gross global merchandise value , but sales of such expensive items have plunged .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Facebook ’s 120 million users are being targeted by a virus dubbed “ Koobface ” that uses the social network ’s messaging system to infect PCs , then tries to gather sensitive information such as credit card numbers .
A Facebook profile is seen in a handout image .
REUTERS / Facebook / Handout
It is the latest attack by hackers increasingly looking to prey on users of social networking sites .
“ A few other viruses have tried to use Facebook in similar ways to propagate themselves , ” Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt said in an e-mail .
He said a “ very small percentage of users ” had been affected by these viruses .
“ It is on the rise , relative to other threats like e-mails , ” said Craig Schmugar , a researcher with McAfee Inc .
Koobface spreads by sending notes to friends of someone whose PC has been infected .
The messages , with subject headers like , “ You look just awesome in this new movie , ” direct recipients to a website where they are asked to download what it claims is an update of Adobe Systems Inc ’s Flash player .
If they download the software , users end up with an infected computer , which then takes users to contaminated sites when they try to use search engines from Google , Yahoo , MSN and Live.com , according McAfee .
McAfee warned in a blog entry on Wednesday that its researchers had discovered that Koobface was making the rounds on Facebook .
Facebook requires senders of messages within the network to be members and hides user data from people who do not have accounts , said Chris Boyd , a researcher with FaceTime Security Labs .
Because of that , users tend to be far less suspicious of messages they receive in the network .
“ People tend to let their guard down .
They think you ’ve got to log in with an account , so there is no way that worms and other viruses could infect them , ” Boyd said .
Social network MySpace , owned by News Corp , was hit by a version of Koobface in August and used security technology to eradicate it , according to a company spokeswoman .
The virus has not cropped up since then , she said .
Privately held Facebook has told members to delete contaminated e-mails and has posted directions at www.facebook.com/security on how to clean infected computers .
Richard Larmer , chief executive of RLM Public Relations in New York , said he threw out his PC after it became infected by Koobface , which downloaded malicious software onto his PC .
It was really bad .
It destroyed my computer , ” he said .
McAfee has not yet identified the perpetrators behind Koobface , who are improving the malicious software behind the virus in a bid to outsmart security at Facebook and MySpace .
“ The people behind it are updating it , refining it , adding new functionalities , ” said McAfee ’s Schmugar .
ACC commissioner John Swofford said Yow had an impact on many .
" Whether one of her players , an opposing coach , a friend , an associate in the world of sports or one who observed her grace , dignity , elegance , kindness and competitive spirit from a distance , you could n't help but be touched by her presence in our world , " Swofford said .
" Kay was a very special lady .
All of us associated with the ACC will miss her immensely , and our thoughts and prayers go out to her family , loved ones and team . "
Yow also was a past president and founding member of the Women 's Basketball Coaches Association .
The group 's president , Sherri Coale , hailed her legacy and her impact on the game .
" In sickness and in health she was a bastion of courage and kindness , " said Coale , who is the head coach at Oklahoma .
" Her zest for life and her determination to make a difference in this world have galvanized our profession while inspiring millions . "
In 2007 , Yow established the Kay Yow / WBCA Cancer Fund in partnership with The V Foundation for Cancer Research .
" I am honored to have a Fund established in partnership with The V Foundation that bears the name of Kay Yow , " V Foundation CEO Nick Valvano said .
" Her courage , faith and legacy will continue to live on in the hearts of those she helped to inspire throughout her coaching career and battle with cancer . "
" Kay taught us all to live life with passion and to never give up .
She carried herself with great faith and dignity , " said ESPN and ABC Sports President George Bodenheimer , who served on the V Foundation board with Yow .
" ESPN will always be committed to the Kay Yow Fund of The V Foundation in her memory .
She was truly a beautiful person . "
Yow announced earlier this month that she would not return to the team this season after she missed four games because of what was described as an extremely low energy level .
The team visited Yow in the hospital before leaving Wednesday for a game at Miami .
Associate head coach Stephanie Glance -- who led the team in Yow 's previous absences as well -- met with the team Saturday morning to inform them Yow had died , Myers said .
Yow 's fight was never more public than when she took a 16 - game leave to focus on her treatments during the 2006 - 07 season .
After her return , her inspired Wolfpack won 12 of its final 15 games with wins against highly ranked rivals Duke and North Carolina in a run that attracted plenty of fans wearing pink -- the color of breast - cancer awareness .
Her players also wore pink shoelaces for their coach .
" There were so many times I felt like giving up , " forward Khadijah Whittington said after the Wolfpack 's loss to Connecticut in the 2007 NCAA tournament 's round of 16 , " and then I see Coach Yow and she never gives up . "
Yow always found ways to keep coaching , even as she fought the disease .
She spent most games during that emotional 2007 run sitting on the bench ; Glance stood to shout instructions to players , and helped a weakened Yow to her feet .
" She 's the Iron Woman , with the Lord 's help , " Glance said .
Yow was quick to embrace her role as an example for others battling the disease .
She often found herself going about her daily activities in Raleigh only to have someone stop her and say they were praying for her or that she was an inspiration to them .
" When they say that , it really gives me a lift because it's at that time I know for sure that I 'm not going through it for nothing , " Yow said in 2007 .
" That means a lot to me .
I have to go through it .
I accept that , and I 'm not panicked about it because the Lord is in control .
But it just would be so saddening if I had to go through it and I could n't help people .
" But then I see I 'm helping others in a greater way than I ever have .
That 's the amazing thing , you know ? "
NC State coach Kay Yow , seen here in the 2008 ACC tournament , coached the U.S. women to a gold medal in 1988 .
AP Photo / Nell Redmond
Born March 14 , 1942 , Sandra Kay
Yow originally took up coaching to secure a job teaching high school English at Allen Jay High School in High Point , N.C. , in the 1960s .
Her boss , along with the boys ' basketball coach , agreed to help her plan practices and to sit on the bench with her during games .
Midway through the season , Yow was on her own .
" Really , it was like love at first sight , " she said in 2004 .
She spent four years there , followed by another year in her hometown at Gibsonville High , compiling a 92 - 27 record .
She moved on to Elon , going 57 - 19 in four seasons before being hired at North Carolina State in 1975 .
Her original cancer diagnosis came the year before coaching the United States to the gold at the Seoul Olympics .
She had a mastectomy as part of her treatment , then discovered a lump in November 2004 , close to where cancer was first discovered .
She had surgery that December and started on a regimen of radiation and daily hormone therapy .
Still , the cancer came back .
She missed two games of the 2004 - 05 season while attending an eight - day nutritional modification program , which called for her to eat an organic - food diet , free of meat , dairy products and sugar .
She stayed on the diet for eight months , losing 40 pounds by keeping junk food and Southern favorites such as biscuits and gravy off her menu .
Still , she cheated on her organic diet during home recruiting visits because she did n't want to offend anyone by passing on a home - cooked meal .
Over the years ,
Yow never lost her folksy , easygoing manner and refused to dwell on her health issues , though they colored everything she did almost as much as basketball .
Ultimately , her philosophy on both were the same .
" If you start to dwell on the wrong things , it 'll take you down fast , " Yow said in 2007 .
" Every morning , I wake up and the first thing I think of is I 'm thankful .
I 'm thankful for another day . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Junior Money Maker
Group : Members
Posts : 28
Dream Points : 215
Experience Points : 78
Joined : 20 - May 08
Member No. : 36,165
Joined : 20 - May 08 Member No. : 36,165
Start earning money with us !
FOREX is about freedom .
Freedom to choose , first of all .
Freedom to use your mind and make your own decisions .
Freedom to learn and train .
Freedom to earn and to be successful !
FOREX is a highly profitable business which does n’t depend on time , place or political situation in your country .
The main FOREX advantage is that you perform operations using computer from any part of the world 24 hours per day 5 days per week .
FOREX is your own business , your responsibility and your success .
Masterforex offers a wide variety of trade instruments , an easy and user - friendly trading platform , which was designed for traders and by traders .
Masterforex
Masterforex Brokerage was founded on October 2 , 2006 .
The project www.masterforex.org, comprising professional traders and talented analysts , was created in 2003 .
The owner of MasterForex trademark is the company Beaverhead Financial Inc. , registered in the Repupblic of Seychelles on the basis of the International Business Companies Act , 1994 ( Act 24 of 1994 ) .
The company registration number is 028996 .
Legal address : 306 Victoria House , Victoria , Mahe , Seychells .
The Masterforex trade mark is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office with number 78/886380 .
The work guidelines of Masterforex dealing center are :
Honest and open relationships with customers ;
Experience and qualification of the company managers ;
Striving to provide traders with the best service conditions .
Main activities of the company :
Services of customer access to world financial exchange , futures , precious metals and contract for difference markets ;
Management of financial assets of major private customers ( investment fund for a closed circle of customers ) .
open dollar account from only 5 $ start , get 100 $ bonus / per 10 lots .
Deposit / Withdrawal : accept Webmoney , C - gold , LR or wire transfer
lowest from 0.01 lot start , MT4 , lowest two pips .
log on Masterforex
This post has been edited by TimeInvestor : Nov 14 2008 , 03:20 AM
Tweet
--------------------
HY -- can trade forex , metals , Oil , commodities , indices , stocks , Regulated by the FSA , NO commissions , low spreads , trade only 50 $ start , MT4 ...
I recently visited Casa Bonita for the first time , and I 'm still trying to recover .
No , that 's not an indigestion joke about the food , sub - par as it may be .
Actually , my mind was blown in a good way .
As I 'd been told , there 's no easy way to describe the Lakewood institution , which bills itself as " The World 's Most Exciting Restaurant " - a pronouncement that very well might be true .
The multi-story , Mexican - themed behemoth includes a 30 - foot - tall waterfall , cliff divers , fire jugglers , strolling mariachi bands , a pirate cave , magicians , puppet shows , skee - ball machines ... you get the idea .
As one of my colleagues put it , it 's like Disney had sex with Tijuana and left the goofy - looking bastard to fend for itself in a random strip mall on Colfax .
I loved every insane second of our trip there - except for the fact that I felt like those kids in the movie SpaceCamp who were accidentally launched into space and had no fucking idea what the hell to do .
There was just way too much stuff going on at Casa Bonita and no helpful little robot named Jinx ( yes , that 's a second SpaceCamp reference ) to help me figure it all out .
With that in mind , we here at Westword decided , as a community service , to create a Casa Bonita survivor 's guide .
Follow these rules and you 'll have a hell of a time -- who knows , you may even live to eat again .
7 ) Avoid Black Bart 's Cave .
Of course you want to make the most of your time at Casa Bonita .
By all means check out the puppet show , the magician , the arcades and everything else .
But whatever you do , avoid Black Bart 's Cave .
That place is scary - and we 're not referring to the stupid cackling , glowing plastic skull on the wall .
We 're referring to what gets left all over the cave when the ten - year - old who 's had one too many tacos loses his shit because of the stupid cackling , glowing plastic skull on the wall .
Take it from us :
You do n't want to go home smelling like the curse of Black Bart .
6 ) Do n't tip the strolling mariachis .
These guys may seem cute in their adorable wide - brimmed hats , but really they 're as single - minded and debilitating as suckerfish .
Slip 'em a greenback and they 'll never leave your side until you 're hemorrhaging dollars to their merciless , unending tunes .
Then again , maybe it's worth the dough to have your own Mexican theme music wherever you wander , especially if the musicians take requests .
It would be pretty sweet to stroll by some hotties as your personal band plays a mariachi version of the theme from Shaft .
Better yet , convince them to perform the Benny Hill Show music while you get chased around by the guy in the Chiquita the angry Gorilla suit .
5 ) Order beer by the bucket .
Just like how characters in The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy need to eat lots of peanuts to make up for the salt and protein they lose from going through matter transference beams , your best chance of making it out of Casa Bonita without losing too much sanity in the process is to drink beer .
Lots of it .
Unless , of course , you already dropped acid in the parking lot .
4 ) Demand a table by the waterfall .
Casa Bonita employees are like the Navy SEALS of waitstaff .
The place is a well - oiled machine , a perfectly calibrated cadre of maître d's , busboys and margarita servers , so it 's only natural not to complain when they sit you in the mine shaft or spooky forest or some other forlorn corner far away from all the action ; they seem to know best .
But stand strong .
You came here for the flame - juggling , the cliff - diving , the inappropriate shenanigans involving make - believe natives and a guy in a gorilla suit , damn it , and you 're not going to take anything less than a table by the waterfall , where all the good shit goes down .
Yes , they 'll make you wait a bit for a table to open up , but since you 've already been waiting in line for an hour , a few more minutes wo n't hurt .
3 ) Do n't go for the fried ice cream .
This is where they get you .
Right after you 've ordered your taco salad , the server will undoubtedly ask , " Would you like fried ice cream with that ? "
And that 's just not fair .
Any time someone asks you to partake in something that involves ice cream and deep - frying , the innate human response is to heartily acquiesce .
We can't help it ; the response involves the same part of our reptilian brain that takes over whenever we hear the words " open " and " bar " in the same sentence .
But fight this urge you must , because already waiting for you at the end of your lousy meal is the dessert to end all desserts - something even better than fried ice cream : Casa Bonita 's sopapillas .
You have to wonder how these powdery pillows of goodness could come from the same kitchen that manages to screw up cheese quesadillas .
And did we mention they 're free ?
In other words , the fried ice cream is for suckers .
2 ) Order the taco salad .
As everyone knows , you do n't go to Casa Bonita for the food -- and that 's even if you ignore all those rumors about piles of empty cat food cans in the kitchen .
Unfortunately , they make you order a full meal to get in the door , but it 's best to just write that off as the admission fee .
A good strategy is to not eat any of your $ 12 meal and make sure you have at least $ 12 worth of fun while you 're there ( or make sure you have $ 8 worth of fun and eat at least $ 4 worth of sopapillas ) .
Or , if you really need some sustenance , take it from us and order the taco salad .
Unlike every other option on the menu , the " mystery meat " with this entree comes on the side , so you can eat your salad without wondering too much about cat food .
Sure , it 's the worst taco salad you will ever eat , but finding a way to make a taco salad this bad is sort of an achievement in itself , and we 're all about giving credit where credit is due .
1 ) Do your research .
There 's no way to fully prepare for the sensory - overload experience that is Casa Bonita , but a good first step would be to watch Trey Parker and Matt Stone 's South Park documentary about the place .
We 're using the term " documentary " because while every other South Park episode features bizarre characters and outlandish scenarios , the actual Casa Bonita is so ridiculous they just slapped it into the show looking exactly how it looks in real life .
We 're also pretty sure children really have been willing to kill others for a chance to go to the restaurant , so Cartman 's attempt to kill Butters so he can take his place at a party there is completely factual .
And finally , just like Cartman , chances are you will end up running around Casa Bonita like a crack addict , all the while singing the song , " Casa Bonita !
Casa Bonita !
Food and fun in a festive atmosphere ! "
No one thought Al Gore would be a loveable president , but , after eight years in the White House , he has gotten truly tiresome .
The droning voice , the purchase of an eco-friendly robot dog , the campaign for carbon - free diamonds - all these things were hard to take , and he has been way too smug about reversing global warming .
I think we 've gone too far in the opposite direction , especially in light of the glacier that recently crushed Wasilla .
I think I started to dislike Gore when he stirred up a media storm after the Feds broke up the terrorist ring conspiring to fly airplanes into buildings back in 2001 .
He could have let it pass quietly , as Bill Clinton did with the millennium plot arrests in 2000 .
Instead ,
Gore held a press conference to milk it for political gain and scare us into a 15 cent per gallon gas tax .
But who can afford to pay over a dollar and a half per gallon ?
No wonder we 're resorting to electric cars these days .
And why did he pressure the universally admired Fed chairman Alan Greenspan to step down early in 2002 ?
Replacing him with that old warhorse Paul Volcker was a nasty surprise , especially when Volcker choked off a promising housing boom in 2002 and imposed old , outdated regulations on lenders .
Some properties lost as much as 8 % of their value that year .
Now housing prices are rising really slowly , and GDP barely grew by 3 % this year .
To be sure , Gore did accomplish some good things in foreign policy .
The Middle East is definitely better off now that Israel and Palestine are separate states .
It was clever to transfer the most diehard West Bank settlers to the Gore Biosphere in North Dakota .
But in Iraq , even after the demise of Saddam from virulent salmonella , Qusay has proved to be no more agreeable than his father , and Uday is simply out of control .
( Grinding up the players of the national football team and roasting the remains on a stadium - sized spit was the nadir of his coaching . )
When a group of foreign - policy luminaries - from Bill Kristol to Paul Wolfowitz and Kenneth Pollack - urged Gore to invade Iraq and remake the entire Middle East , the president did n't even listen .
That 's rude .
Then , of course , there were the countless scandals and ethics problems .
Recall that in 2003 a department of justice official failed to report receiving a bottle of Bordeaux wine from the French government , even though experts agree that its value would be in excess of the amount permitted as a gift .
Then there was the case of politicising federal agencies , when Gore officials were accused of changing the wording in a report on global warming to say that it was a " severe " rather than a " serious " threat .
The Republicans held hearings on that for weeks .
Of course , the biggest disappointment was Gore 's failure to handle Hurricane Katrina properly .
Not only did the massive evacuation of New Orleans prove a costly and time - consuming overreaction , since the levees - fortified in 2003 - held up fine .
The emergency management agency also took over 24 hours to set up trailers for evacuees along the Gulf Coast , leaving them without government housing assistance for a full day .
And Gore 's decision to single - handedly venture into a flattened house in Mississippi and free a trapped two - year - old showed him to be an irresponsible showboat .
Sure , President Gore knows CPR , hears like a German shepherd , and has the strength of 10 men - but we did n't need to see it .
All in all , the Gore combination of psychodrama and condescension wo n't be missed .
It 's also time for the Democrat stranglehold on power to end .
What we need now is a bit of adult behaviour : a Dick Cheney presidency wo n't be eventful , but at least it will be calm .
• TA Frank is an Irvine fellow at the New America Foundation
However you are a designer or developer or technology expert or a regular computer user , you most of the time want to bookmark images you found over the internet for better access in future .
This is the post where we are listing out few great free photo sharing and image hosting services , this is an exclusive post for our those readers who want to upload , share or bookmark their photos .
But our other readers will also enjoy this post .
Do n’t forget to bookmark this post for your future reference .
This is absolutely a great list of 13 Free Picture Sharing And Image Bookmarking Websites .
You are welcome to share if you know more free picture sharing and image bookmarking websites that our readers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
Fotki
Fotki is a free service for sharing your photos online with friends & family .
This is one of the easiest way to share unlimited photos .
They also offer free unlimited photo hosting for blogs .
Flickr
Flickr is almost certainly the best online photo management and sharing application in the world .
Show off your favorite photos and videos to the world , securely and privately show content to your friends and family , or blog the photos and videos you take with a cameraphone .
MyPicGallery
MyPicGallery allows you to share pictures from within your galleries , on forums , auctions and personal web sites .
You can edit your photos , create photo galleries , share your memories and more .
ImageCave
ImageCave is compatible with all leading web browsers , and requires no additional software to use .
Upload image files directly from your computer , or transfer images into your account from a URL from another website !
Hiboox
Hiboox is an easy - to - use free image hosting service for all blog or forum users .
It can be used to host , modify and share pics with friends using any imaginable means .
Smiling Moments
With Smiling Moments you can easily share your photos and videos by sending an invitation through this website to all of your family and friends .
They can access your shared photos and videos without registering for an account and without receiving spam email .
Zooomr
Zooomr is a social utility for friends , family and co-workers who want to communicate securely through both photos and text messages in realtime .
Webshot
Webshot allow you to Store and share 1,000 personal photosÃ‚Â + 100 more for each month of membership .
You can customize your own homepage .
There is an option that you can upload on the go from your mobile phone as well .
Slide
Slide is a free photo sharing , Ã‚Â image hosting , photo slide show maker .
You can also use this service with MySpace , Hi5 , Orkut , Beebo , Facebook and more …
TinyPic
TinyPic is a photo and video sharing service that lets you easily upload , link , and share your images and videos on MySpace , eBay , Orkut Scrapbooks , blogs , and message boards .
Snapfish
Your free Snapfish account gets you online digital photo printing , free online photo albums , free digital photo sharing services , and fun with photo .
Woophy
Woophy stands for WOrld Of PHotographY , a website founded by a Dutch collective of photo aficionados and internet designers who believe navigation on internet can be more visual , logical and associative .
Picasa
This is the fast and easy photo sharing from Google .
You can share your photos with friends and family , or explore public photos .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Web Slices keep track of changing content Microsoft has stepped up the battle to win back users with the latest release of its Internet Explorer browser .
The US software giant says IE 8 is faster , easier to use and more secure than its competitors .
" We have made IE 8 the best browser for the way people really do use the web , " said Microsoft 's Amy Barzdukas .
" Microsoft needs to say these things because it continues to lose market share to Firefox , Chrome and Safari , " said Gartner analyst Neil MacDonald .
Recent figures have shown that Microsoft 's dominance in this space has been chipped away by competitors .
At the end of last year , data from Net Applications showed the software giant 's market share dropped below 70 % for the first time in eight years to 68 % .
Meanwhile Mozilla broke the 20 % barrier for the first time in its history with 21 % of users using its browser Firefox .
Focus
The beta version of IE 8 was released last March and today the company has put out its first release candidate for the public .
This is the last stage for the browser before it is finalised , although very few changes are expected .
Ms Barzdukas told the BBC : " What we are seeing for many consumers in particular is that their computing experience is a browsing experience .
The ' smart address bar ' makes finding previously visited sites easier " The role of the browser has become more and more important .
Our focus is on delivering the best experience possible and one that is faster , easier and more secure . "
To that end IE 8 offers performance upgrades to speed up page loading , new navigation features and tab isolation so that if you hit a bad site only that tab closes and not the whole browser .
WebSlices will give users a way to keep updated about a particular item on a web page like stock prices , the weather or an eBay auction .
Accelerators let users access
Web services like maps or translations in a small window without having to leave the page .
" We believe with IE 8 much of the performance discussion is off the table , " said Ms Barzdukas .
Security Microsoft is making much of its security enhancements , which Ms Barzdukas said makes IE 8 " hands down the most secure browser on the market . "
These include " InPrivate Filtering " which means users can see and block when a third - party content provider might be tracking their activities on the Web in an effort to target advertisements .
Intenet Explorer 8 is being touted as faster , easier and safer than ever Web publishers and online advertisers have in the past expressed concern over this feature because it could " frustrate the business model " .
" InPrivate Browsing " is also being touted as a major improvement which allows a user to start a browsing session during which the history of sites viewed will not be recorded .
Some bloggers have nicknamed the feature " porn mode " because it keeps online activity a secret and prevents those with access to a PC from seeing where other users of the same PC have been .
Online privacy advocates like the Centre for Democracy and Technology have called the features " a great step forward in terms of giving users more control " .
Defectors
So will this be enough to persuade defectors to return to the IE fold ?
" Microsoft does have the advantage of its browser being shipped with its operating system so people that want to shift have to do a lot of work to shift , " said Mr MacDonald , a vice - president of analyst firm Gartner Google 's new web browser is called Chrome " It 's an area the European Union is looking at and I will let the lawyers figure that out but I do n't think this will bring back the defectors .
However it shows that competition in the browser space is good for innovation and good for the industry , " said Mr MacDonald .
The EU last week accused Microsoft of harming competition by bundling its IE browser with its Windows operating system .
The Redmond - based company has said it is examining the preliminary finding and has not ruled out requesting a formal hearing .
Greg Sterling of Search Engine Land said if the product delivers , users will stick with it and others may well return .
" If this is a truly significant improvement , it will gain users ' loyalty and lure others back .
" At the end of the day if it has the functionality and features people want , they will respond to it .
For those who have an emotional stake in this , and who like the idea of the underdog like Firefox , it 's unlikely to sway them , " said Mr Sterling .
Microsoft 's Ms Barzdukas refused to get drawn into the numbers game but said she is positive IE 8 will hold its own against competitors .
" We have long advocated providing choice to customers and respect people 's ability to choose .
" You can accuse me of bias , but I believe with IE 8 we will deliver the browser people will want to choose , " said Ms Barzdukas .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OpenOffice.organ application suite , not just a Web site has tricks even Office can't manage .
Here are a few that may not be obvious , plus a few ways to make it less annoying out of the box .
OpenOffice.org 3.0 costs absolutely nothing but comes closer than anything else to letting you delete your copy of Microsoft Office ( which probably cost you a lot ) .
Even though OpenOffice.org which is , yes , an application suite , not just a Web site ca n't do everything Office can , it can do a lot , and it has some of its own tricks that even Office can't manage .
Here are a few that may not be obvious , as well as a few ways to make OpenOffice.org less annoying out of the box .
that lets you divide the current window into two panes , so you can edit page 5 of your document in the top pane and page 505 in the bottom .
To switch from one pane to the other , you do n't have to waste time scrolling back and forth you simply click in the other pane .
OpenOffice.org does n't let you split a window into two panes , but it offers an even better feature .
Click the Window menu , then New Window , to open a new window that displays the same document you 're working on .
You can open as many windows as you want , each at a different place in your document ; any change you make in one window immediately appears in all others .
You can reduce screen clutter by turning off toolbars in one or more windows ( use View | Toolbars ) , and you can tile or cascade the windows by right - clicking on the OpenOffice.org button on the Windows taskbar .
2. Use OpenOffice.org to open legacy documents .
Years ago , older versions of Microsoft Office could open documents created by almost any of the myriad word processors and spreadsheet programs that were widely used before Microsoft monopolized the market .
Recent versions of Office can't open many of those older formats including old Microsoft Word versions such as Word 6.0 .
By contrast , OpenOffice.org continues to open Word documents dating back to Version 6.0 .
OpenOffice.org also opens WordPerfect documents , including files created in WordPerfect for the Macintosh 3.5 Enhanced , which not even WordPerfect for Windows tries to open .
By the way , there 's something confusing about OpenOffice.org 's claims .
The product purports to support at least one format that never existed :
The list of supported file types in its File | Open dialog includes " Microsoft WinWord 5.0 , " even though there never was such a version .
Word for Windows skipped from 2.0 to 6.0 in its version numbers .
3. Play a vintage Space Invaders game .
Remember the days of software " Easter Eggs " ?
They were not -very - secret keystrokes or mouse clicks that brought up silly graphics in some programs and games in others .
Even Microsoft Excel used to have a secret game built in before Redmond lost its sense of humor .
OpenOffice.org 's
Calc spreadsheet program still includes a 1990s - era shoot - 'em - up Space Invaders game .
Open the Calc app , and in any cell enter :
= GAME ( " StarWars " )
Make sure to copy the capitalization shown here .
Calc will open a StarWars game in which you shoot down a fleet of evil alien ships .
The explanatory text is in German ( the original version of OpenOffice.org was written in Germany ) , but you do n't need to know even English to play the game .
Calc has a slightly Teutonic attitude toward fun - and - games , however :
After you quit the game , you 'll need to shut down Calc and start it up again before you can play a second time .
4 . Turn off the blinking light bulb .
By default , a light - bulb icon appears in a tiny window whenever OpenOffice.org does anything that is n't exactly what you typed for example , when it replaces two hyphens with a dash .
It does n't exactly blink , but after the third or fourth time it opens , you may think of it as " that blinking light bulb " ( you might use a word other than " blinking " ) .
To turn it off permanently , go to Tools | Options , and then , in the left - hand pane , expand the menu tree by clicking the plus sign next to OpenOffice.org .
In the General dialog , remove the check mark next to Help Agent .
5 . Save files in Office formats by default .
By default OpenOffice.org saves files in its own format , which most Microsoft Office users can't open .
You can save individual files in Office format by using OpenOffice.org 's File | Save as menu and selecting a Word format from the Save as Type dropdown .
But you can tell OpenOffice to save in Office formats by default by choosing Tools | Options , then find the Load / Save category , and the General subcategory .
In the Document Type dropdown , choose Text Document , and in the Always Save As dropdown , choose Microsoft Word 97/2000 / XP .
Then , in the Document Type dropdown , choose Spreadsheet , and in the Always Save As dropdown , choose Microsoft Excel 97/2000 / XP .
These choices will create files that can be read by any modern word processor or spreadsheet .
6. Automate actions easily .
Many advanced Microsoft
Office users take advantage of macros that run automatically when you open , print , or close a file , but Office 's interface does n't provide built - in clues for creating an AutoClose macro that will run whenever you close a document .
OpenOffice.org goes
Office one better by providing a menu - driven interface that lists all the actions that can automatically trigger macrosand these include a wider range of actions than the ones that can be automated easily in Office .
For example , you can create a macro that is triggered every time the number of pages in a document increases and that inserts a header with a page number if the number goes above , say , two .
Other actions that can automatically trigger macros include saving a document under a different name and running a mail merge .
To use this feature , record the macros you want to use , then go to Tools | Customize | Events and assign your chosen macro to specific events .
7 . Fix those single quotes .
By default , OpenOffice.org
Writer creates good - looking , curly " typographic " double - quotation marks as you type , but when you type a single quotation mark ( or an apostrophe ) it uses a vertical line , as if you were still using your grandfather 's manual typewriter .
Fix this by going to Tools | AutoCorrect , then go to the Custom Quotes tab and , under Single Quotes , add a check mark next to Replace .
Glenn Beck had on Rob Kampia of the Marijuana Policy Project to discuss the proposal to decriminalize pot possession in California and to use the revenues to pay down the state 's budget deficit .
Now , Beck has already wished aloud that we could kick California out of the Union , so no doubt this just adds to his angst .
But if you 'll notice :
One person in this conversation was calm , reasonable , had an abundance of facts at hand , and actually made pretty good sense .
The other person was incoherent , meandering , silly , made a lot of irrelevant observations from outer space , and relied on dumb stereotypes and non-facts .
And Glenn Beck was not the former .
On top of that , his nonstop sneering at Kampia made him look like a real sphincter .
In fact , this entire clip generally makes a convincing argument in favor of the marijuana advocates .
If the best the opposition can come up with is this kind of gaping stupidity ...
Today begins a new year – two thousand and nine .
To celebrate the new year , I have put together a list of significant events that have happened in man ’s history on this day .
It was not until the 16th century that the majority of countries in the West began to use January 1st as the first day of the year – prior to that many nations used the Feast of the Assumption ( March 25 ) .
This list includes only events that happened on January 1st .
The list is in chronological order .
Happy New Year !
1 Significant Events 1 – 5
1 404 AD – The last known gladiatorial competition in Rome takes place ( gladiators pictured above )
2 630 – Muhammad sets out toward Mecca with the army that captures it bloodlessly .
3 1515 – King Francis I of France ( France ’s first Renaissance monarch ) succeeds to the French throne .
4 1772 – The first traveler ’s cheques , which can be used in 90 European cities , go on sale in London .
5 1788 – First edition of The Times of London , previously The Daily Universal Register , is published .
2 Significant Events 6 – 10
6 1800 – The Dutch East India Company ( the first international mega- corporation ) is dissolved .
7 1801 – The legislative union of Kingdom of Great Britain and Kingdom of Ireland is completed to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
8 1804 – French rule ends in Haiti .
Haiti becomes the first black republic and first independent country in the West Indies .
9 1808 – The importation of slaves into the United States is banned .
10 1863 – American Civil War : The Emancipation Proclamation ( pictured above ) takes effect in Confederate territory .
3 Significant Events 11 – 15
11 1877 – Queen Victoria of Britain is proclaimed Empress of India .
12 1892 – Ellis Island opens to begin processing immigrants into the United States .
13 1901 – The British colonies of New South Wales , Queensland , Victoria , South Australia , Tasmania and Western Australia federate as the Commonwealth of Australia ; Edmund Barton ( pictured above ) is appointed the first Prime Minister .
14 1902 – The first American college football bowl game , the Rose Bowl between Michigan and Stanford , is held in Pasadena .
15 1908 – For the first time , a ball is dropped in New York City ’s Times Square to signify the start of the New Year at midnight .
4 Significant Events 16 – 20
16 1925 – The American astronomer Edwin Hubble announces the discovery of galaxies outside the Milky Way .
17 1934 – Alcatraz Island ( pictured above ) becomes a United States federal prison .
18 1934 – Nazi Germany passes the “ Law for the Prevention of Genetically Diseased Offspring ” .
19 1956 – A new year event causes panic and stampedes at Yahiko Shrine , Yahiko , central Niigata , Japan , killing at least 124 people .
20 1958 – The European Community is established .
5 Significant Events 21 – 25
21 1959 – Fulgencio Batista , president of Cuba , is overthrown by Fidel Castro ’s forces during the Cuban Revolution .
22 1962 – United States Navy SEALs established .
23 1971 – Cigarette advertisements are banned on American television ( vintage cigarette commercial above ) .
24 1978 – Air India Flight 855 Boeing 747 crashes into the sea , due to instrument failure and pilot disorientation , off the coast of Bombay , killing 213 .
25 1985 – The first British mobile phone call is made by Ernie Wise to Vodafone .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
Fascinating :
I should probably first speak about how adware works .
Most adware targets Internet Explorer ( IE ) users because obviously they ’re the biggest share of the market .
In addition , they tend to be the less - savvy chunk of the market .
If you ’re using IE , then either you do n’t care or you do n’t know about all the vulnerabilities that IE has .
IE has a mechanism called a Browser Helper Object ( BHO ) which is basically a gob of executable code that gets informed of web requests as they ’re going .
It runs in the actual browser process , which means it can do anything the browser can do — which means basically anything .
We would have a Browser Helper Object that actually served the ads , and then we made it so that you had to kill all the instances of the browser to be able to delete the thing .
That ’s a little bit of persistence right there .
If you also have an installer , a little executable , you can make a Registry entry and every time this thing reboots , the installer will check to make sure the BHO is there .
If it is , great .
If it is n’t , then it will install it .
That ’s fine until somebody goes and deletes the executable .
The next thing that Direct Revenue did — actually I should say what I did , because I was pretty heavily involved in this — was make a poller which continuously polls about every 10 seconds or so to see if the BHO was there and alive .
If it was , great .
If it was n’t , [ the poller would ] install it .
To make sure the poller was less likely to be detected , we developed this algorithm ( a really trivial one ) for making a random - looking filename that was consistent per machine but was not easy to guess .
I think it was the first 6 or 8 characters of the DES - encoded MAC address .
You take the MAC address , encode it with DES , take the first six characters and that was it .
That was pretty good , except the file itself would be the same binary .
If you md5 - summed the file it would always be the same everywhere , and it was always in the same location .
Next we made a function shuffler , which would go into an executable , take the functions and randomly shuffle them .
Once you do that , then of course the signature ’s all messed up . [
We also shuffled ] a lot of the pointers within each actual function .
It completely changed the shape of the executable .
We then made a bootstrapper , which was a tiny tiny piece of code written in Assembler which would decrypt the executable in memory , and then just run it .
At the same time , we also made a virtual process executable .
I ’ve never heard of anybody else doing this before .
Windows has this thing called Create Remote Thread .
Basically , the semantics of Create Remote Thread are :
You ’re a process , I ’m a different process .
I call you and say “ Hey !
I have this bit of code .
I ’d really like it if you ’d run this . ”
You ’d say , “ Sure , ” because you ’re a Windows process — you ’re all hippie - like and free love .
Windows processes , by the way , are insanely promiscuous .
So !
We would call a bunch of processes , hand them all a gob of code , and they would all run it .
Each process would all know about two of the other ones .
This allowed them to set up a ring … mutual support , right ?
So we ’ve progressed now from having just a Registry key entry , to having an executable , to having a randomly - named executable , to having an executable which is shuffled around a little bit on each machine , to one that ’s encrypted — really more just obfuscated — to an executable that does n’t even run as an executable .
It runs merely as a series of threads .
Now , those threads can communicate with one another , they would check to make sure that the BHO was there and up , and that the whatever other software we had was also up .
There was one further step that we were going to take but did n’t end up doing , and that is we were going to get rid of threads entirely , and just use interrupt handlers .
It turns out that in Windows , you can get access to the interrupt handler pretty easily .
In fact , you can register with the OS a chunk of code to handle a given interrupt .
Then all you have to do is arrange for an interrupt to happen , and every time that interrupt happens , you wake up , do your stuff and go away .
We never got to actually do that , but it was something we were thinking we ’d do .
In formally asking Monday for the release of the second half of the $ 700 - billion financial bailout fund , President - elect Barack Obama is promising Congress he will do a better job than President Bush in using the money to help average Americans .
“ We ’re going to focus on housing and foreclosures .
We ’re going to focus on small businesses , ” Obama told reporters Monday .
“ We ’re going to focus on what ’s required to make sure that credit is flowing to consumers and businesses to create jobs in the United States . ”
But first Obama must focus on smoothing over strong resentment on Capitol Hill about the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
Many Democrats and Republicans say they were misled by Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson about how the first $ 350 billion would be spent .
Democrats are particularly angry that none of the money has gone to help homeowners facing foreclosure .
“ People feel they got burned up here by the current administration , ” said Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) .
“ I understand the need for the money to be released .
I also feel very strongly it ’s got to be conditioned in a way to avoid what I see are the abuses by the administration in the handling of the first ” half .
Advertisement
The Democratic - controlled Congress is unlikely to block the request .
But Obama is seeking to avoid a confrontation over economic recovery spending that could spill into his push for a roughly $ 800 - billion stimulus package .
Lawrence H. Summers , whom Obama has chosen to head his National Economic Council , promised in a three - page letter to congressional leaders Monday that the new administration would “ act both quickly and wisely . ”
He broadly outlined the changes that Obama was planning for the second part of the fund , including more transparency in how the money is spent and “ a sweeping effort ” to reduce foreclosures .
“ We cannot allow the failures of the past to prevent us from doing what we must to secure America ’s future , ” Summers wrote to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) , House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . )
Obama worked behind the scenes to soothe lawmakers .
On Monday morning , for example , he twice phoned Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) , who does not even serve on any of the relevant committees .
Boxer , like many senators and representatives , has been upset with the bailout fund ’s administration .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t like the way Paulson handled this .
And I said if we do n’t get involved in trying to solve this housing crisis , then we ’re never going to ” alleviate the problem , Boxer said she told Obama after leaving a meeting with reporters in her office two times to field his calls .
“ He agreed with that .
. . .
He ’s going to lay out what he feels the money is needed for , and that [ housing ] would be one of the things it ’s needed for . ”
Boxer said she wanted Obama to make those commitments publicly .
Conrad echoed that view .
Advertisement
“ I think it ’s going to take more than a letter from Mr. Summers to assure people this money is going to be used in a way that is appropriate and is in line with congressional intent , ” he said .
“ It ’s going to take those who have responsibility for actually spending the funds to put in writing their intentions . ”
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) will hold a hearing today on legislation that would force major changes in the TARP program , including a requirement that $ 40 billion to $ 100 billion of the remaining money be used to revise existing mortgages to avoid foreclosures .
In introducing the bill Friday , he said Democrats “ intend to trust , but verify ” Obama ’s use of the final $ 350 billion in the fund .
Frank said Monday that the money “ could be made available under the appropriate conditions ” and that Obama seemed to agree with his proposals .
Boehner and some other Republicans said Monday that they would oppose releasing the final half of the bailout fund .
But Reid and Pelosi indicated that they were willing to work with Obama to release the money .
Advertisement
Obama has said he shares congressional anger over the Bush administration ’s handling of the TARP money .
But he said he needed access to the remaining $ 350 billion to be able to respond quickly to any new crises .
“ It is clear that the financial system , although improved from where it was in September , is still fragile , and I felt that it would be irresponsible for me . . . to enter into the administration without any potential ammunition should there be some sort of emergency or weakening of the financial system , ” Obama told reporters Monday .
He called Bush on Monday morning and asked him to notify Congress to access the second half of the fund .
Bush agreed , and a formal request was delivered to Congress on Monday night .
Under the bailout legislation that cleared Congress last fall , lawmakers must pass a formal “ resolution of disapproval ” within 15 days of receiving the request ; otherwise , the money will be released automatically .
Bush or Obama could veto such a resolution .
Congress could overturn the veto with a two - thirds vote of the House and Senate .
Advertisement
Many lawmakers are upset that Paulson did not use the money to buy troubled mortgage - backed securities from banks and other institutions , as he had initially indicated he would .
Instead , Paulson used flexibility in the legislation to pump most of the funds into banks in exchange for equity stakes in hopes of loosening the flow of credit .
But for the most part , banks have not lent the money .
About $ 250 billion has been allocated to buy equity in banks , with half going to the nation ’s nine largest institutions , including Bank of America Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co. , and the rest to more than 200 others .
Insurance giant American International Group Inc. received $ 40 billion as part of a larger government bailout , and Citigroup Inc. received $ 20 billion .
In addition , $ 20 billion was used to help back a Federal Reserve initiative for consumer asset - backed securities .
And General Motors Corp. and Chrysler received $ 13.4 billion in emergency loans .
Congress also gave Paulson authority to use some of the funds to help homeowners facing foreclosure , but he has not done so .
Advertisement
Paulson defended the administration ’s handling of the fund Monday .
He told CNBC that there had been “ great transparency ” and that it was right to make direct injections of money into banks instead of buying mortgage - backed securities .
But a congressional panel set up to monitor TARP criticized the Treasury Department on Friday for lack of information about how the banks were using the money and other details about the program .
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
Advertisement
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
CURRENT & ARCHIVED EXHIBITIONS
...................................
LINDA TROELLER : SELF PORTRAIT / SELF REFLECTION
CASIMIRO MONDINO : LAND , JUST LAND - MARCHE
JEAN LEWIS : REMEMBERING NEBRASKA
DAVID G. NOBLE - IN THE PLACES OF THE SPIRIT
RHONDAL MCKINNEY
ILLINOIS LANDSCAPE 1979-2009 WING WONG
CLOSER ANNE -LISE LARGE
LES PRIANTES DE L'AUTRE COTÉ LILIANA GELMAN
BOTANICA
ERIC J HENDERSON : nightly things
MICHAEL MASSAIA : AFTERLIFE
MABEL ODESSEY : PIANO PAILLE
KEN VAN SICKLE : PARIS 1955
CHET BAKER AMERICAN CLUB PARIS 1955
NICOLA BETTALE
NEW PROJECTS
SILENT CITY - NEW YORK
CARL COREY
HABITAT - NYC
MICHAEL MASSAIA
ONE NIGHT IN CHINATOWN
Christine Villa
Sea , Land , Air
Andreas Horvath
Heartlands
SpY
Urban Interventions
Steen Doessing
The Congenital Landscape
Jean Baptiste Avril
Tel Aviv 1909 - 2009 Maria Carapeto
The Pearl Necklace
Sean Macleod
Around the World
Charles Grogg
Sent from the Garden Brewster Moseley
American Classics
Roland Buehlmann
Pinhole Photos : Painting With Light LILIANA GELMAN
THE LIBRARY LUCIA GUANAES
Frontières de la Mer
Tanya Akin
Apples ... Industry
Jill Fehrenbacher
Tunnel Vision
Christine Mathieu
Mon Voyage en Chine
Doug McGoldrick
Education
Tania Serket
Illusions
Yuri Marder
Ellis Island
Cynthia Greig
Life - Size
Shannon Taggart
Tyburn Convent
Tuomas Virtanen :
Excerpts
PER VOLQUARTZ
Instruments of Death
M A Y U M I K I M U R A
Interchangeable Disturbances
J E R E M Y W E B B
TORCHLIGHT
C A R L O C A R L E T T I
V I C I N I P A E S A G G I
J I M M Y O W E N N S
November 01 - Portrait of Psychoanalyst
ALL ABOUT GEORGE
Paul Tillinghast
URBAN MYTHS
Marcos Lopez
Five Kilos
Gisele Didi
