Jan. 31 , 2010  --
By the end of January , many New Year 's resolutions have been tossed out with leftover holiday cookies and unwanted gifts .
It 's been nearly impossible to deny that slice of cake after dinner , or to hit the treadmill instead of surfing the Internet .
Change , especially changing bad habits , is hard -- and rightly so , as any neuroscientist will tell you .
Advances in neuroimaging have enabled researchers to peer inside the brains of addicts and patients with addictive behaviors .
They can see , in real - time , what gets patients hooked : how the brain 's reward system -- based largely on the neurotransmitter dopamine -- thirsts for more , while inhibitory control centers experience a system failure .
The pattern is similar across all kinds of behaviors -- from cocaine and tobacco addiction to overeating .
That 's why changing your mind may be the first step toward breaking a habit , but altering the brain 's neural machinery is the real challenge .
Highjacked Pathways
Drugs and addictive behaviors " highjack " the brain 's reward system , says Dr. Petros Levounis , director of the Addiction Institute of New York at St. Luke 's and Roosevelt Hospitals in Manhattan .
In normal patients , dopamine plays a major role in motivation and reward , surging before and during a pleasurable activity -- say , eating or sex -- to make patients want to repeat a behavior that 's crucial to the survival of the species .
Dopaminergic pathways connect the limbic system , which is responsible for emotion , with the hippocampus , which is responsible for memory .
This combination etches rewarding behaviors into the brain with strong , even seductive , memories .
The problem arises when the memory and the craving to recapture it take over a person 's life .
" Imagine what a stronghold these highjacked pleasure reward pathways take on our brains and our whole existence when they 're so closely connected geographically and anatomically speaking with our memories and our emotions , " Levounis says .
Then , as the dopamine surge gains speed , the brakes fail .
Normal function in the brain 's frontal lobes , which are responsible for inhibitory control and executive functioning , or will power , tends to decrease in addicts .
" Ultimately , " Levounis says , " the war on drugs is a war between the highjacked pleasure reward pathways that push the person to want to use , and the frontal lobes , which try to keep the beast at bay .
That is the essence of addiction . "
Similar Patterns
These neural pathways have been well studied in the brains of hardcore addicts .
Now , researchers say they see similar pathways involved in other problematic behaviors .
Dr. Gene - Jack Wang , of Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long Island , N.Y. , has conducted several brain imaging studies of obese patients using PET scans .
The scans have revealed similarities in brain function -- or a lack thereof -- between patients addicted to cocaine or alcohol , and those " addicted " to eating .
When normal patients are injected with a contrast agent designed to be detected by the scanner , it latches onto receptors in the reward center .
This causes the PET scan to " light up , " revealing an area of red activity in the center of the brain .
But in both drug - addicted and obese patients , the scans show much less red activity because there are n't enough receptors to which the contrast agent can bind .
Wang says a decreased availability of dopamine receptors is the brain 's way of coping with a constant dopamine overload .
" If a person constantly has an excess of dopamine , the brain will down - regulate , " Wang says , explaining the principle commonly referred to as " tolerance . "
" Once the system is down - regulated , we have to do more in order to get the same amount of feeling in our normal state . "
Thus , obese patients " will want to eat more in order to compensate for their down - regulated system . "
In other experiments , Wang and his colleagues have also found that a higher body mass index ( BMI ) correlated with lower prefrontal cortex function -- the area associated with inhibitory control .
Those studies also revealed that a higher BMI was liked to a decrease in memory and executive functioning .
" If they 're obese , " Wang said , " they have a problem controlling their eating behaviors . "
Out of Control
Ed Susman was 293 pounds when he became a patient in a clinical trial of an investigational weight loss drug .
He chronicled his year - long experience in a series of articles for MedPage Today .
Eating , to him , was a " compulsion " -- as was biting his nails , a habit he picked up at age four .
Over the course of the trial , not only did Susman lose 52 pounds .
He also stopped chewing on his fingertips .
Medications Help Treat Some Behaviors
He does n't yet know if he was on the drug or on a placebo .
But he strongly suspects he was n't feeling a placebo effect .
" I believe I was on the drug because it controlled a compulsion that I had for 50 years , " Susman says of nail - biting .
" This stopped it cold . "
Unfortunately , he says , the same did n't happen for his eating habits , but he 's only gained back 10 of those 52 pounds in the year he 's been off the trial .
The drug was Lorcaserin -- a combination of benzazepine and hydrochloride , two neurological agents .
Susman says the drug is " supposed to improve your willpower , your ability to overcome compulsions . "
Lorcaserin works through the serotonin system , which regulates appetite , mood and motor behavior .
But two other investigational obesity drugs target the dopamine reward system -- Contrave , which is a combination of bupropion and naltrexone , and Qnexa , which combines phentermine and topiramate .
" Some medications that have used similar dopamine modulation , until now , have failed , " Wang said .
" These two companies are using the command of the modulation of the dopamine system with other neurological systems , such as the opiate or norepinephrine system .
According to the trials , they 've been very effective . "
Wang called the new medications " a bright light for the treatment of obesity . "
Kicking the Habit
Basically , the idea of medications that act on the dopamine system is " to cool down those reward pathways , " Levounis says .
There are two strategies for doing so : an agonist strategy , or an antagonist strategy .
The agonist strategy is " feeding the beast , providing activity in the cell so that the cravings go down , " Levounis said .
Classic examples are nicotine patches , or methodone for opioid dependence .
On the other hand , the antagonist strategy is to block the receptors .
Naltrexone , for example , will block opioid receptors so that the drug addict wo n't feel anything if he or she attempts to get high .
" After a while , you say , ' This is not worth my time , my money , my trouble , ' so you stop using , " Levounis explains .
While these have been the two main strategies in addiction pharmacotherapy , there 's now a " third avenue " -- the partial agonist approach .
The parital agonist is one molecule that blocks most receptors while still providing just a little bit of an " oomph " to calm cravings .
That 's how varenicline ( Chantix ) helps smokers quit , and how buprenorphine gets junkies off heroin or other opioids .
Therapy Key to Overcoming Addictions , Compulsive Behavior
But what about inhibitory control ?
Susman believes he was given the active drug -- Locaserin , which is designed to dial down the " high " he receives from food -- during his 12 months in the study .
But , it should be understood that there are no medications that are capable of ramping up will power .
" It 's an area of active research , " Levounis says .
" There are some medications proposed , but nothing to write home about . "
He said treatment is typically two - fold .
For addicts , psychiatrists will cool down the reward pathways , often with medication .
Then , they target the diminished frontal lobes .
" We try to beef up the frontal lobes as much as we can , and we do that with psychotherapy , " Levounis said .
Researchers agree that psychotherapy is key to regaining self - control , and it's the predominant treatment used in patients with addictive behaviors .
Mark Smaller , a psychoanalyst in private practice in Chicago , said psychotherapy often reveals an underlying cause for an addiction or compulsive behavior .
Usually , it 's anxiety or depression .
Acknowledging those problems may help change behaviors .
Once they 're realized , a patient can start working against them , with the help of the brain 's own neuroplasticity .
Essentially , neurons can disconnect and re-connect , or loosen their connections and tighten them , which often manifests in noticeable change .
" [ Psychological ] insights can actually begin to change brain chemistry and diffuse compulsions , " he said .
" If you address those issues , you can have a positive impact on your life that can change the chemistry of your brain . "
Smaller said it " creates a new psychological -- if not neurological -- structure that can help regulate behavior . "
Though research on neuroplasticity is relatively young , the idea of " rewiring " the brain is not new .
Too often , it 's been an excuse for indulging , an explanation for a New Year 's resolution deferred : " I can't stop eating chocolate , I 'm just not wired that way . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Three US soldiers have become the first known American military fatalities in Pakistan as they died in a bomb near a school in the north - west .
Three schoolgirls were among the dead while 70 people , including another 63 schoolgirls and two US soldiers , were injured in the explosion in Lower Dir .
The US embassy said the military personnel had been training Pakistan 's Frontier Corps in counter - insurgency .
Both governments deny large numbers of US troops are in Pakistan .
The US embassy in Islamabad confirmed in a statement three American military personnel were killed and two wounded in what it branded a " vicious terrorist bombing " .
ANALYSIS M Ilyas Khan , BBC News , Islamabad The Pakistani military and the government are both extremely sensitive about the strong US presence in their country and both appear to be saying different things to different audiences .
Officially the government says it is deeply concerned about increasing numbers of US diplomatic and aid staff who have appeared in the country since US President Barack Obama declared the country to be a top foreign policy priority .
The Pakistani authorities have on several occasions during the past five months arrested American officials - in Lahore and Peshawar - who were suspected of having incorrect paperwork .
But unofficially the government is believed to be relying on US effort and expertise to fight the Taliban .
Dir : Militant hotbed
The statement also said the Americans had been due to attend the inauguration of a girls ' school recently renovated with US humanitarian assistance .
Azam Tariq , a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , Tehreek - e - Taliban , claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement to AFP news agency .
Military spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas told the BBC that the US personnel were attached to the Frontier Corps as military trainers .
Pakistan 's Frontier Corps is a paramilitary force responsible for operations against militants in the volatile north - west , near the Afghan border .
The US soldiers were said to have been travelling in a convoy , along with Pakistani troops , that was heading to the inauguration of a newly built girls ' school in Maidan , an area of Lower Dir district in the North West Frontier Province .
The bomb - which police said was activated by remote control - occurred near a different school in Koto , a heavily populated village along the route .
The impact flattened much of the Koto Girls ' High School , leaving pupils crying for help under the rubble .
' Highly embarrassing '
At least three of the dead were schoolgirls , police said , adding that security guards and three local journalists were also among the wounded .
The Taliban has often targeted girls ' schools in recent years
News that three US soldiers were killed will be highly embarrassing for the Pakistani government , which is acutely aware of the unpopularity of its close ties to Washington , says the BBC's Ilyas Khan in Islamabad .
Critics accuse Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari of turning a blind eye to repeated American drone attacks in the north - west , which have killed more than 600 people during the past year , our correspondent says .
The US has argued in the past that its soldiers are in Pakistan to provide security for US citizens , he adds .
Last year , the Pakistani army carried out a major offensive to drive Taliban insurgents out of Lower Dir and the neighbouring districts of Swat and Buner .
But the Taliban are still present in remote areas and the latest attack shows that the militants remain a powerful force in the region , says the BBC's Mark Dummett in Islamabad .
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani also condemned the attack and ordered an investigation , the AFP news agency reports .
The Taliban has frequently targeted girls ' schools in recent years , burning several to the ground .
Many are now being rebuilt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Using his newfound fame and ABC News as a platform , Senator - elect Scott Brown is calling on Fox ’s premier reality TV show to give his daughter one more chance .
In the midst of an otherwise substantive interview Sunday with ABC ’s Barbara Walters , she asked Senator Brown ( R - Mass ) what he would like to say to American Idol judge Simon Cowell .
His daughter Ayla Brown was eliminated as a semi-finalist on American Idol ‘s 2005 season .
Cowell called then - 17 - year - old Brown ’s performance “ robotic and empty . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I would love for him to have her on the show again , ” her father told ABC ’s Barbara Walters Sunday .
“ You ’re asking him to please give her another chance ? ” she asked .
“ I would love it , ” he replied .
“ There is life after ‘ Idol . ’
Ayla actually respects
Simon greatly , about his critiquing , even though he was kind of harsh .
What he says , if you actually listen to what he says , it was right . ”
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast Jan. 31 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Eye of the Tiger
Posted January 17 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
John and George seem to have stolen bodies from the morgue in the past , but , for some reason John takes umbrage with this reason .
George is getting ready for his big PPV fight that we 'll see on Wednesday .
Thanks for checking out the strip .
A police official , meanwhile , was quoted as saying it was George 's ID in Arabic that caught their attention - from his Jordanian studies - and police were suspicious that the student 's hair was shorter that day than it was in his Pennsylvania driver 's license photo .
" That , " Lt. Louis Liberati said , is " an indication sometimes that somebody may have gone through a radicalization . "
So a sense of shock and dismay , as measured in the breathlessness of radio news reports and the size of a virtual rally on Facebook , has attended the announcement last month that the university plans to close the Cactus in August , citing , of all things , the university ’s own contraction .
Under orders from Gov. Rick
Perry to identify potential spending cuts of 5 percent , officials say the closing could save the university $ 66,000 in its $ 2 billion annual budget .
Image Austin has lost several music sites over the years , but the closing of the Cactus Cafe has hit a nerve among its music - loving residents .
Credit ... Erich Schlegel for The New York Times
“ I was in the van crossing Texas on the way to a gig when I first heard of the proposed closing of the Cactus , and after the first wave of sadness a familiar despair set in , ” wrote Guy Forsyth , widely regarded as the hardest - working bluesman in Austin , in a post on his blog .
“ This was not the first club I have seen close , nor the first home I have lost .
And I wondered of the battle of Art vs. Cash , and the sad history of that long war . ”
Musicians and their admirers have hardly been alone in their sporadic clashes with the university , which spent much of the last century gradually displacing the black population of East Austin by building a baseball stadium , fueling station and facilities maintenance buildings over the neighborhood once known as Blackland .
But in relation to the city ’s much - acclaimed music scene , the university has evolved into a sort of double agent .
Its undergraduate student body of about 30,000 provides a continually replenished source of clubgoers , while its research laboratories incubate new lines of business that draw downtown condominiums , soaring rents and , eventually , noise complaints .
Movie bombs get all the publicity and airtime due to the gaudy amounts of money sometimes lost , but as the recent Jay Leno and Conan O’Brien fiasco proved TV is also pretty good at pissing away money .
Entertainment Weekly put out a list of TV ’s 50 biggest bombs in this week ’s issue , but they are focused more on bad decisions .
We ’re more about the dollars and cents here , so we ’ve put together a list of 7 of the worst flops in TV history , based purely on amount of money spent .
Rankings here are somewhat subjective as it ’s not always easy to tell exactly how much a TV show cost ( or lost , plus you have to factor in inflation , etc. for older shows ) , but we think it ’s a pretty good list .
7. Manimal
Manimal was pretty high concept for a show made in 1983 .
Although everything was kind of high concept back then admittedly .
Anyway , Manimal was concerned with the character of Dr Jonathan Chase , a man who could turn into literally any animal .
Naturally he used this ability to fight crime .
Unfortunately the tech in 1983 really was n’t ready for such powers , and so Chase mostly just turned into either a hawk or black panther , and his transformation took place with the same backdrop each and every time , presumably for budgetary reasons .
Sometimes he ’d change into other animals , but only off screen .
There ’s a lot of bitching about CGI today , but it ’s easy to forget just how cheesy anything at all fantastical looked back in the day .
Sure there ’s still goofy CGI on TV today ( Lost submarine I ’m looking at you ) , but at least we do n’t have to sit through a guy turning into a panther every week against the same backdrop .
Despite the budgetary precautions Manimal still clocked in as the most expensive show on television at the time , and only made it through eight episodes .
Here ’s
Chase famously turning into a panther :
Picture this happening every week and you generally get the idea .
6. Cop Rock
A police procedural musical would be one of the weirder ideas in television history , but if ABC had n’t marketed the show and spent so heavily on the production I imagine Cop Rock would be looked at as just another weird flop , one of the probably hundreds in television history .
Instead ABC seemed really , truly convinced that a musical cop show was going to work .
It ’s hard to imagine just how weird this show was today , but read this quote from an Entertainment Weekly article at the time :
But as the trial of a ponytailed drug lord reaches its climax and the jury foreman solemnly rises , ABC ’s new police drama Cop Rock suddenly metamorphoses into something exceedingly strange .
” Hit it ! ” hollers the finger - snapping judge , and presto !
a glowing piano emerges from the stenographer ’s well , the jurors — now blue - robed church choir singers — rise and start to sway in unison , and then … they sing .
The foreman sings .
The judge sings .
The spectators sing .
The lawyers sing .
Even the defendant does a little plea - bargaining in tune : ” I was abused as a child , ” he croons to the crowd ’s church - party chant of ” He ’s guil - illl - tee !
He ’s guil - illl - tee !
He did the crime / And now he ’s got to pay ! ”
What .
Just in case you ’re having a hard time picturing this :
The show actually made it 11 episodes , which is still 11 more than I would have expected .
I mean really , just for emphasis , this was a musical drama about our nation ’s legal system , and it cost $ 2 million per episode in 1990 dollars .
5 . The Fugitive Remake
Networks have shown a willingness to remake anything and everything , presumably assuming that if something was popular once it can be popular again .
The problem with this is that most old tv was godawful , and if anyone remembers it fondly it ’s more out of nostalgia than good taste .
CBS ignored this , deciding to not only remake The Fugitive in 2000 , but to spend quite a bit of money on the concept .
I think anyone with common sense would have had a hard time seeing The Fugitive catching fire and becoming a big hit , but even more so when you realize CBS cast Tim Daly , a guy known mostly for the mediocre show Wings , as their lead .
The pilot cost the network a whopping $ 6 million , but the show only made it through one season ’s run of 22 episodes before getting the axe .
4. Kings
Kings had a lot going for it .
Ian McShane is briiliant , as anyone who has seen Deadwood would attest , and the show had a compelling concept .
Critics liked the show , but after four episodes saw bad ratings NBC gave up on the property , sending it to the ghetto of Saturday night for one episode , and then pulling the show off the air entirely for a few months , finally burning off the last seven episodes over the summer .
Again during Saturday nights .
Complex shows often have slow builds , but NBC has shown repeatedly that they are n’t going to wait around for a show to find an audience , especially if it ’s as expensive as Kings was to produce ( reportedly running $ 4 million an episode ) .
There were also bizarre marketing decisions with Kings , such as a refusal to mention the show ’s religious themes , despite the Christian community being a natural target for a show loosely centered around a modern day King David .
3. Jay Leno Show / Conan O’Brien
Gallons of ink have been spilled writing about the Jay Leno / Conan O’Brien drama , but the biggest takeaway from the entire thing is just how easy it was to foresee what was to come .
For instance here ’s Artie Lange basically predicting exactly what would happen to Conan once he took over the Tonight Show .
Anyone who was paying attention knew Leno would be a disaster at 10 , and it ended up costing NBC gobs of money to buy out Conan O’Brien as well as a great deal of credibility with the creative community from their misguided decision to basically give up on the 10:00 hour of programming .
They also managed to piss off all of their affiliates at the same time .
NBC at this point seems to be a step or two away from being a CW doppelganger .
2. Father of the Pride
For awhile there it seemed like CGI programming might be a trend , but Father of the Pride quickly killed that notion .
An episode of Father of the Pride cost $ 1.6 million and took nine months to create .
For a show about Siegfried and Roy and some talking animals .
Is it any surprise that this show was on NBC ?
The network wasted tons of prime promotional spots during the 2004 Summer Olympics on the doomed from conception show , and then compounded the mistake by packing the first episodes full of cross promotional materials for other NBC and Dreamworks properties , making the show look more like advertising than content .
It eventually got a little better , but it was n’t enough and the show was canceled after just 14 episodes .
1. Supertrain
The next time you feel like complaining there ’s nothing on TV think back to the late 70’s and what TV was like back then .
Networks thought so lowly of their audience that they were willing to toss anything against the wall , assuming there ’d probably be someone dumb enough to watch .
Even if that something was basically “ Love Boat ” set on a train .
A Super train .
Meaning this was a standard ( boring ) drama , with a setting guaranteed to draw in 10 year old boys and autistic adults who would care mostly about the nuclear powered bullet train ( that had a shopping mall and swimming pools on board , and could make the trip from NY to LA in 36 hours ) , and not at all about the boring standard tv fair being served up .
The series was the most expensive ever made at the time , only ran for nine episodes , and nearly bankrupted NBC , proving that costly bad decision making is nothing new for the network .
Behold , the awful ( awesome ? ) that was Supertrain :
The year 's 2010 , yet we 're still leering at the dusty pile of cables behind our AV equipment and wondering , " O UWB , where art thou ? "
Well , the folks at Tech - On have got a little update for us : Hitachi Panasonic and Toshiba are reported to be delivering products donning 60 GHz wireless chips -- which sip little juice but churn out 7GHz of colossal bandwidth and 1.5 Gbps of data rate -- in the second half of this year .
While none of the manufacturers are directly pimping either WirelessHD or WiGig , it appears that Hitachi and Panasonic are siding with WiGig 's extra functionalities like media access control ( MAC ) , and the latter even envisions " embedding the functionality into portable gear " for downloading digital content from kiosks .
Either way , it 's nice to see some progress here -- we do n't want things to drag on any longer , do we ?
The sinking newsstand sales that have magnified the magazine industry 's recent pain continued in the second half of 2009 , though the declines eased slightly , according to the latest figures from the Audit Bureau of Circulations .
Single - copy sales declined 9.1 % at the 472 publications reporting to the ABC .
Those results follow 18 months during which newsstand sales tumbled at a quickening pace — 6.3 % in the first half of 2008 , 11 % in the second half of 2008 and 12 % in the first half of last year .
Ken Godshall , executive vice president of consumer marketing at the Magazine Publishers of America , said he was " encouraged " by the slowing declines .
" Hopefully we 've turned the corner , " he said .
Single - copy sales typically account for a small percentage of circulation , though it is considered the best measure of a magazine 's consumer appeal because it can't be artificially inflated .
The balance of a magazine 's circulation comes mostly from subscriptions , which often are sold at a deep discount , and copies distributed free .
The newsweeklies and business titles were hit particularly hard on the newsstand in the second half of 2009 , with Newsweek falling 41 % , Time declining 35 % and the Economist down 24 % .
Bloomberg BusinessWeek , Fortune and SmartMoney posted percentage declines in the mid-20s .
The automotive category also took a hit , as Road & Track and Car and Driver magazines fell 34 % and 24 % , respectively .
By Amarnath Tewary
BBC News , Patna
Bihar is a primarily agrarian economy Has India 's poorest and most lawless state turned the corner ?
If you believe the government of the northern state of Bihar , the answer appears to be in the affirmative .
According to it , Bihar clocked up a giddy growth rate of 11.03 % in 2008 - 2009 .
This would make it India 's second fastest growing state economy , just behind the industrially - developed western state of Gujarat .
Not so long ago , Bihar was written off as a basket case , trailing behind every other Indian state .
Its infrastructure was shambolic , jobs had disappeared , factories had shut down , lawlessness was rife and the government was in limbo .
Many believe that with a change of regime four years ago - regional leader Nitish Kumar 's Janata Dal ( United ) leads a coalition government with the Hindu nationalist BJP - Bihar 's fortunes have picked up .
Even if this is an exaggeration , there are definite signs of the economy turning the corner .
Revival signs Consider this : •
The government plans to spend $ 3.5 bn during 2009 - 2010 , up from $ 327 m in 2001 - 2002 • Revenue accruals have climbed to $ 1.1bn , up from $ 649 m in 2003 - 2004 • Government spending on infrastructure and " social development " has been pegged at $ 444 m every year •
Use of cement in the state has grown 28 % in the last four years against the national average of 9 % , pointing to increased construction work •
There has been a 78 % growth in air traffic in and out of the state during the same period , the fourth - highest in India .
A number of roads have been rebuilt Photo : Prashant Ravi • Automobile sales in the state have recorded a whopping 700 % growth .
•
More than 6,800 km ( 4,225 miles ) of roads have been rebuilt and 1,600 bridges and culverts have been constructed •
The State Investment Promotion Board claims to have received proposals worth $ 20 b from industrialists .
But it is not clear how many of these proposals will be implemented
The government says it is working overtime to tame Bihar 's runaway crime rate - nearly 40,000 criminals , it says , have been convicted in the last four years .
' Abysmally low '
" All this proves that there has been all round growth and development , " says Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi .
" Bihar is back on track . "
But many doubt these claims .
" These figures are too good to be true , " says economist Nawal Kishore Chaudhury , who teaches at Patna University .
He wonders how the state could have recorded double digit growth when last year 's economic survey - a federal government publication - showed that the growth rate was just 5 % .
Nitish Kumar 's government has increased public spending Photo : Prashant Ravi Also , last year 's economic survey said that Bihar had recorded negative growth in the farm sector .
At $ 32 , per capita social spending remains one of the lowest in the country .
Most economists do however agree that the Keynesian nature of growth in Bihar - most of it spurred by government - has led to increased spending in construction .
Also , the savings rate remains pretty high - Patna alone has $ 5.2bn in bank deposits , which is higher than many prosperous small cities in India .
" Since Bihar 's development base is abysmally low , even a small investment here results in impressive growth in percentage terms , " says social scientist Shaibal Gupta .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For example , early in my tenure , our group of very clever graphics experts invented a way to display text on screen called ClearType .
It worked by using the color dots of liquid crystal displays to make type much more readable on the screen .
Although we built it to help sell e-books , it gave Microsoft a huge potential advantage for every device with a screen .
But it also annoyed other Microsoft groups that felt threatened by our success .
Engineers in the Windows group falsely claimed it made the display go haywire when certain colors were used .
The head of Office products said it was fuzzy and gave him headaches .
The vice president for pocket devices was blunter : he ’d support ClearType and use it , but only if I transferred the program and the programmers to his control .
As a result , even though it received much public praise , internal promotion and patents , a decade passed before a fully operational version of ClearType finally made it into Windows .
Another example :
When we were building the tablet PC in 2001 , the vice president in charge of Office at the time decided he did n’t like the concept .
The tablet required a stylus , and he much preferred keyboards to pens and thought our efforts doomed .
To guarantee they were , he refused to modify the popular Office applications to work properly with the tablet .
So if you wanted to enter a number into a spreadsheet or correct a word in an e-mail message , you had to write it in a special pop - up box , which then transferred the information to Office .
Annoying , clumsy and slow .
So once again , even though our tablet had the enthusiastic support of top management and had cost hundreds of millions to develop , it was essentially allowed to be sabotaged .
To this day , you still ca n’t use Office directly on a Tablet PC .
And despite the certainty that an Apple tablet was coming this year , the tablet group at Microsoft was eliminated .
Not everything that has gone wrong at Microsoft is due to internecine warfare .
Part of the problem is a historic preference to develop ( highly profitable ) software without undertaking ( highly risky ) hardware .
This made economic sense when the company was founded in 1975 , but now makes it far more difficult to create tightly integrated , beautifully designed products like an iPhone or TiVo .
And , yes , part of the problem has been an understandable caution in the wake of the antitrust settlement .
Timing has also been poor  too soon on Web TV , too late on iPods .
Internal competition is common at great companies .
It can be wisely encouraged to force ideas to compete .
The problem comes when the competition becomes uncontrolled and destructive .
At Microsoft , it has created a dysfunctional corporate culture in which the big established groups are allowed to prey upon emerging teams , belittle their efforts , compete unfairly against them for resources , and over time hector them out of existence .
It ’s not an accident that almost all the executives in charge of Microsoft ’s music , e-books , phone , online , search and tablet efforts over the past decade have left .
As a result , while the company has had a truly amazing past and an enviably prosperous present , unless it regains its creative spark , it ’s an open question whether it has much of a future .
Mr Wen was unable to account for millions of yuan in assets A former senior police officer is on trial in the Chinese city of Chongqing on charges of corruption , rape and protecting criminal gangs .
Wen Qiang is accused of taking more than 16 m yuan ( $ 2.3 m ; £ 1.5 m ) in bribes to turn a blind eye to crime , Chinese media reported .
He is the most senior official charged under a corruption probe in the city .
The trial comes a day after another police official , Yue Cun , was sentenced to death for corruption .
Mr Wen is appearing in court alongside his wife , Zhou Xiaoya , and three other senior Chongqing police officials , in a trial expected to last four or five days .
Prosecutors say Mr Wen , the former director of the Chongqing Municipal Judicial Bureau , accepted vast sums of money from businesses , officials and criminal gangs in exchange for protection from the law .
When questioned , he had been unable to account for some 10 m yuan in assets in his personal possession , the Xinhua news agency reported .
He is also accused of raping a university student on several occasions .
If found guilty , Mr Wen could face the death penalty .
Power ambitions Mrs Zhou had been charged with abusing her position as the spouse of a government official to illegally obtain some 8.16 m yuan , according to Xinhua .
Xie Caiping was known as the Godmother of Chongqing
The three other police officials also face charges of bribery and protecting gangs .
The corruption investigation in the southern city began last summer and more than 780 people have been prosecuted .
Mr Wen 's sister - in - law , Xie Caiping , was jailed for 18 years in November last year , for crimes including running gambling dens and protecting drug users .
Described as the Godmother of Chongqing , she was reported to have earned more than 2 m yuan ( $ 292,000 ; £ 179,000 ) from crime .
The BBC's Chris Hogg in Shanghai says the crackdown in Chongqing is being seen as an attempt by its party secretary , Bo Xilai , to secure a spot in the governing politburo .
He is considered one of the Communist Party 's most popular and charismatic figures , and is clearly keen to show he is strong enough to tackle what seems to be endemic corruption , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This renovated farmhouse is located in Weesp , a small city not far from Amsterdam .
The owners have completely renovated the house ; it was very dated and worn out when they bought it .
Living in a former farmhouse myself , I know that it can be difficult to renovate and decorate such a house as you want to keep the authentical style but at the same time have the comfort of a modern house .
The owners of this house have done a great job !
The owners have mixed old elements with new details .
I love for example the old army table in the kitchen ( you can see it in the top image at the far right ) which is combined with new chairs .
Loving that large waste bin !
( images from woonwens.nl )
Travel Chaos Lufthansa Pilots Start Massive Four - Day Strike
A four - day pilots ' strike at German national airline Lufthansa began on Monday and is causing massive disruption for travellers , with 800 flights expected to be cancelled per day .
Lufthansa 's management is seeking a court injunction to stop the strike .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Forget everything you did today .
Clear your schedule and spend the next half hour watching this video .
It ’s a presentation by Jesse Schell , founder of Schell Games and former creative director of the Disney Imagineering Virtual Reality Studio .
A veteran game designer , he is also on the faculty of the Entertainment Technology Center at Carnegie Mellon University .
In a talk at the DICE 2010 conference held last week in Las Vegas , he gave a presentation called Design Outside the Box .
It is the most mind - blowing thing I ’ve seen in a long , long time .
And while this presentation was about the future of games , Schell could very well be talking about the future of technology .
Schell , in a very articulate manner , weaves together various technologies — from the social web to reality television to the iPhone to geolocation data — and lays out the future as he sees it .
And I buy it .
He talks in particular about how no one saw Facebook games coming , and why they threw many people into a panic .
He quips that “ there are more Farmville than there are Twitter accounts ” and that in Facebook you “ pay real money to get virtual money . ”
From the Playfish acquisition to billions of dollars in revenue generated by WiiFit and Guitar Hero , he talks about how the new games are essentially “ psychological tricks . ”
For instance , Club Penguin offered everything free , including free virtual currency , but in order to spend the virtual money you needed to go to a store where you paid real money .
Schell points out that the future of games is in finding psychological angles and making experiences based in reality .
If the past of games was about fantasy , today ’s games are about reality ( not realism ) , much like our collective obsession with reality TV .
Schell talks about why technological convergence is a total myth .
Technologies are like species on the Galapagos islands , and like them they diverge .
Of course , there are exceptions — such as the iPad , which is essentially a new kind of Swiss Army knife .
It works as a Swiss Army knife because it fits in your pocket .
In comparison , the iPad is stupid because it ’s essentially a giant Swiss Army knife that does n’t fit in your pocket .
I can go on and sum up the entire talk , but you should just watch it .
I would never be able to do justice to its brilliance .
( Hat tip . #)
Most of the people who get a traffic ticket in Dinwiddie are n’t residents of the town .
They ’re just passing through on their way to some other destination .
If you need some help navigating the local laws , do n’t be afraid to send your client our way .
We have a great record of referrals from other attorneys and pride ourselves on making sure that our name is n’t tarnished through a bad referral .
Your clients are in a good place when they come to us for help .
We will not leave a bad taste in your mouth .
The Transportation Security Administration concedes that a 4 - year - old boy heading to Walt Disney World for a birthday celebration should not have been forced to remove his leg braces during an airport - security screening in Philadelphia , a Philly columnist writes .
The Philadelphia Inquirer 's Daniel Rubin writes that the incident occurred last March when Ryan Thomas was flying to Orlando with his parents , Bob and Leona , but that the TSA apologized last week only after the columnist got wind of it .
Read Rubin 's full column here .
Rubin says Ryan was born 16 weeks prematurely and started to walk only last March because his ankles are malformed and his legs have low muscle tone .
TSA screeners insisted that Ryan take off his braces and walk through the detector unaccompanied .
Rubin writes that the TSA , in its apology , said Ryan should have been taken into a private area and swabbed for traces of explosive materials .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
At the studio we have to be able to maintain and work collaboratively with a large number of files .
For those who are interested , I made a little tour of the system we have set up as well as the process within Blender to link in groups from other . blend files .
Word of caution : when working with files that reference other files , be * very * careful with filenames and filepaths !
Moving files around or renaming things can result in quite a headache .
– Colin
Edit :
Here ’s a link to Blender - aid , the content management tool for Blender I mentioned in the video .
Transcript courtesy of Kimberley :
" And now tonight 's first Quick Comment , and you overwhelm me -- as usual .
" Last night , continuing our coverage of the humanitarian crisis on the ice storm and blizzard ravaged reservations of South Dakota , I mentioned a Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Storm Relief emergency assistance fund , and we linked to it .
They were hoping , by the end of the month , to have raised $ 35,000 .
In 24 hours , you donated approximately $ 185,000 .
They thank you and I thank you .
" If anybody wants to go further , the chairman of the tribe tells us the consciousness of politicians is as important as donations right now .
FEMA has yet to declare the region a disaster area , and there 's something else that could kill about 40 birds with one stone there :
They 've patched much of the water and power infrastructure back together but they really need an overhaul and something in the jobs bill , or some stimulus money , could not only protect power , heat and water there , it could also put some of the thousands of unemployed Native Americans to work in their own communities .
So you could call , write , or e-mail your congressmen and or senator .
" If you 're still looking to donate , the Cheyenne River Tribe has its own site .
There 's also a terrific charity that looks out for all of the reservations effected by the horrific winter in South Dakota : The Native American Heritage Association .
And we have linked to both of them on our site , Countdown dot MSNBC .
" Every time I feel the futility of not knowing what to do about one of these crises , I forget to ask the most reliable people I know -- you guys .
Thanks again . "
Closed Technologies have had the enough , the future is bound to be open .
I ca n’t think of a stream where Open source has not contributed .
In few of the relatively newer streams , like telecom , Open source is still catching up .
I had been into telecom for a long time now , and had often heard a complaint from Telecom startups and sometimes even giants about the cost to go to the market in rural / developing areas .
A simple BTS ( a.k.a Mobile antenna ) could cost anywhere from thousands of dollars to millions ( depending upon the capability 2.5G , 3G , 3.5G , 4G ) .
OpenBTS is one project that can change the game by bringing down costs .
Basically OpenBTS is a Base Transceiver System [ BTS ] with open source implementation of cellular interface for GSM using software that runs on open source hardware called USRP [ Universal Software Radio Peripheral ] .
Using this , a cellphone interface can be achieved , just like any other GSM phone does .
On the network back - end , it is an Asterisk server .
The system does n’t have much to do with signalling susbsytems , at layer 3 , GSM call control is very much like ISDN .
What they have implemented is GSM air interface in layer 1 , GSM air interface LAPDm in layer 2 , and then in layer 3 is very much like ISDN SIP gateway .
The two things they support , right now , are speech : Q.931 - type call control , and text messaging , SMS .
All that ’s exposed to the BTS is the air interface , because of this all the complexity in the network is pretty much abstract .
As the lead developer claims , “ It ’s not that complicated ” .
he says “ Once you understand the specification , it ’s not that complicated .
We have had three people working on this project for about two years , well , for about eighteen months of actual programming .
We started coding this stuff in August of 2007 . ” and finished in December 2009
The short - term goal of the project is to find a sponsor for a pilot deployment in a rural area , in the developing world .
They are trying to get one in Africa , in India , and in Central America .
Because it can be deployed and operated at much lower costs , you have the potential to push the cost of service down to $ 1 a month range .
The plan looks good , all we have to see is how fast the adoption is .
The project is willing to learn from your experiences on the platform .
Yes , at this time it ’s pretty much 2G [ with no packet or even circuit switched data ] but it ai n’t bad for a new idea , new open project .
On the other note , from what we have seen in the past — GSM is very much hackable and having a new Open source project that can replace GSM with a more secured System could make more sense .
For Latest Tech updates in Open Source , Programming , Telecom , Tech News find us Twitter @taranfx or subscribe below :
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 6.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : 0 ( from 0 votes )
The Bank has kept interest rates at 0.5 % to aid the recovery The Bank of England has decided against further quantitative easing ( QE ) , the policy designed to stimulate growth in the UK economy .
Under QE , the Bank has pumped new money into the economy by buying assets such as government bonds , as a way to boost lending by commercial banks .
Last week , it revealed it had spent all of the £ 200 bn it created for QE .
The Bank also kept interest rates on hold at a record low 0.5 % for the 11th consecutive month .
' Further purchases '
The Bank is not retiring , triumphant , from the field , the enemy slain , its job well and truly done
Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie 's blog
While halting QE , the Bank said the £ 200bn already injected into the economy through the programme would " continue to impart a substantial monetary stimulus to the economy for some time to come " .
But it did not close the door on further spending .
" [ The Bank ] will continue to monitor the appropriate scale of the asset purchase programme and further purchases would be made should the outlook warrant them . "
One area that it will be looking at is banks ' lending to businesses and consumers , as QE was designed to help boost lending .
" Conditions for lending in this country , especially to small and medium - sized businesses , are still much weaker than [ the bank ] would have wanted , " said the BBC 's economics editor Stephanie Flanders .
The money markets are already factoring in a rise to some extent which affects fixed - rate mortgage pricing already
Ray Boulger , John Charcol mortgage brokers
What now for mortgage and savings rates ?
Analysts said concerns about rising inflation were one factor in the Bank 's decision to suspend QE .
" Inflation is considerably stronger than the Bank had expected and there are concerns that it wo n't get back within target [ if QE continued ] , " Jason Simpson from Royal Bank of Scotland told the BBC .
Weak growth Official figures in January showed that UK consumer prices rose in December by 2.9 % , their fastest annual pace for nine months and above the Bank's 2 % target .
Bank Governor Mervyn King warned last month inflation was " likely to rise to over 3 % for a while " , and could go even higher if energy prices and indirect taxes were to increase further , but added that it " should return to target in the medium term " .
Although the UK did officially come out of recession in the fourth quarter of 2009 - ending six consecutive quarters of economic decline - the growth was just 0.1 % , much less than expected .
For that reason , most analysts expect rates to stay at 0.5 % until at least the second half of 2010 for fear of the UK falling back into recession .
Quantitative Easing First , with the permission of the Treasury , the Bank of England creates lots of money .
It does this by just crediting its own bank account .
The Bank of England wants to use that cash to increase spending and boost the economy so it spends it , mainly on buying government bonds from financial firms such as banks , insurance companies and pension funds .
The Bank buying bonds makes them more expensive , so they are a less attractive investment .
That means companies that have sold bonds may use the proceeds to invest in other companies or lend to individuals .
If banks , pension funds and insurance companies are more enthusiastic about lending to companies and individuals , the interest rates they charge should fall , so more money is spent and the economy is boosted .
Theoretically , when the economy has recovered , the Bank of England sells the bonds it has bought and destroys the cash it receives .
That means in the long term there has been no extra cash created .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Today a comic appears despite
Wes busily troubleshooting owls while Tony was over - solving his problems with a sword .
Virtual Memory
The OS will only swap pages rarely used .
A page is 4096 bytes .
Redis uses hash tables , object sharing and caching , so a single Redis " value " ( like a Redis List or Set ) can be physically allocated across many different pages .
The reverse is also true : a physical page will likely contain objects about many Redis keys .
Basically even if just 10 % of the dataset is actively used , probably all the memory pages are accessed .
Maybe most memory pages will contain only a few bytes of our hot , frequently used data , but even a byte for page is enough for preventing swapping , or to force the OS to transfer back and forth memory pages from disk to memory if it 's out of memory .
Redis objects , both simple and complex , take a lot more space when they are stored in RAM , compared to the space they take serialized on disk .
On disk there are no pointers , nor meta data .
An object is usually even 10 times smaller serialized on disk , as Redis is able to encode the objects stored on disk pretty well .
This means that the Redis application - level VM needs to perform ten times less disk I/O compared to the OS VM , for the same amount of data .
Virtual Memory : the Redis way
VM off : 300 k keys , 4096 bytes values : 1.3G used VM on : 300 k keys , 4096 bytes values : 73 M used VM off : 1 million keys , 256 bytes values : 430.12 M used VM on : 1 million keys , 256 bytes values : 160.09 M used VM on : 1 million keys , values as large as you want , still : 160.09 M used
1M keys : 160 MB 10 M keys : 1.6 GB 100 M keys : 16 GB
A reversed memcached
There is no invalidation to do .
There is only one object we need to interact with , Redis .
Data is not duplicated in two places , like in MySQL + memcached .
This model can scale writes as well as it can scale reads .
MySQL + memcached can mainly scale read queries .
Once you write the memcached layer in your application , what you discover is that after all you are trying to access more and more data by unique key , or sort off : parametrized data is not handy to cache if the space of the parameters is large enough , and invalidation is crazy .
Even to cache a simple pagination query can be hard , go figure with more complex stuff .
So most benefits about SQL are lost in some way , you are silently turning your application into a key - value business !
But memcached can't offer the higher level operations Redis is able to offer .
To return to the pagination example , LRANGE and ZRANGE are your friends .
The code
The swap file is divided in pages , the page size can be configured .
The page allocation table is taken in memory .
It 's a bitmap so every page takes 1 bit of actual RAM .
When VM is enabled , Redis objects are allocated with a few more fields , one of this is about the last time the object was accessed .
So when Redis is out of memory and there is something to swap , we sample a few random objects from the dataset , and the one with the higher swappability is the one that will be transfered on disk .
The swappability is currently computed using the formula Object.age * Logarithm ( Object.used_memory ) .
is the one that will be transfered on disk .
The is currently computed using the formula Object.age * Logarithm ( Object.used_memory ) .
The page allocation algorithm uses an algorithm I found reading the source code of the Linux VM system .
Basically we try to allocate pages sequentially up to a given limit .
When this limit is reached we start from page 0 .
This tries to improve locality .
I added another trick : if I can't find free pages for a while , I start to fast forward with random jumps .
with random jumps .
When Redis fork ( ) s in order to save the dataset on disk ( Redis uses copy - on - write semantic in order to take the snapshot of the DB ) VM is suspended : only loads are allowed , writes are blocked .
So the child can access the VM file without troubles .
The same happens when the Append Only File is enabled and you issue a BGREWRITEAOF command .
I /O threads
Our main trick
Still too complex
switch ( i ) { case 0 : /* io_newjobs */ /*
If the job was yet not processed the best thing to do * is to remove it from the queue at all */ freeIOJob ( job ) ; listDelNode ( lists [ i ] , ln ) ; break ; case 1 : /* io_processing */ /* Oh Shi- the thread is messing with the Job : * * Probably it 's accessing the object if this is a * PREPARE_SWAP or DO_SWAP job .
*
If it 's a LOAD job it may be reading from disk and * if we do n't wait for the job to terminate before to * cancel it , maybe in a few microseconds data can be * corrupted in this pages .
So the short story is : * * Better to wait for the job to move into the * next queue ( processed ) ... */
/* We try again and again until the job is completed .
*/ unlockThreadedIO ( ) ; /*
But let 's wait some time for the I/O thread * to finish with this job .
After all this condition * should be very rare . */ usleep ( 1 ) ; goto again ; case 2 : /* io_processed */ /*
The job was already processed , that 's easy ... * just mark it as canceled so that we 'll ignore it * when processing completed jobs .
*/ job -> canceled = 1 ; break ; }
If you are reading this article probably you already know it : Redis is an in -memory DB .
It 's persistent , as it's disk backed , but disk is only used to persist , all the data is taken in the computer RAM .
I think the last few months showed that this was not a bad design decision .
Redis proved to be very fast in real - world scenarios where there is to scale an unhealthy amount of writes , and it is supporting advanced features like Sorted Sets , and many other complex atomic operations , just because it is in memory , and single threaded .
In other words , some of the features supported by Redis tend to be very complex to implement if there is to organize data on disk for fast access , and there are many concurrent threads accessing this data .
The Redis design made this two problems a non issue , with the drawback of holding data in memory .
I really think to take data in memory is the way to go in many real world scenarios , as eventually your most accessed data must be in memory anyway to scale ( think at the memcached farms many companies are running in this moment ) .
But warning .
I said .
Too many datasets have something in common , they are accessed in a long tail fashion , that is , a little percentage of the dataset will get the majority of the queries ( let 's call it the ) .
Still from time to time even data outside the hot spot is requested .
With Redis we are forced ( well , actuallyforced ) to take all the data in memory , and it's a huge waste as actually most of the times only our hot spot is stressed .
So the logical question started to be more and more this : Virtual Memory is an idea originated in the operating systems world , .
It is probably one of the few non trivial OS ideas that many non tech people are aware of , in some way : theis a famous object , and most Windows power users more or less understand how it works .
Basically the memory is organized in pages , that are usually 4096 bytes in size .
The OS is able to transfer this pages from memory to disk to free memory .
When an application will try to access an address that maps to the physical memory page that was transfered on disk , the processor will call a special function that is in charge of loading such a page in memory , so that the accessing program can continue the execution .
OSes will not swap memory only when they are out of memory , but even when there is still some free memory , as more free memory can always be used for a very precious thing : disk cache , and this is a win if the pages we transfer on the swap file were rarely accessed .
So the question is :( instead to invent its own VM at application level ? ) .
There are two main reasons :
While the OS cache can't help a lot , the idea behind Virtual Memory is very helpful .
All I needed to do was to move the concept of Virtual Memory from kernel space to use space .
There are many design details about implementing Virtual Memory in a key - value store , but well , the basic concept is pretty straightforward : when we are out of memory , let 's transfer values belonging to keys not recently used from memory to disk .
When a Redis command will try to access a key that is swapped out , it is loaded back in memory .
It 's as simple as that , but in the above description there is the first of many design decisions : .
This is actually the direct result of another much more important design principia I made at the start : dealing with in memory keys should be more or less as fast as when VM is disabled .
What this means is that you need to have enough RAM at least to hold all the keys objects , and this is the bad news , the good one is : Redis will be mostly as fast as you know it is when accessing in - memory keys .
So if your dataset will have the famous " long tail " alike access pattern and your hot spot fits the available RAM , Redis will be as fast as it is with VM disabled .
Ok , it 's time to show some number I guess , so you can start to make your math about the real world impact of Redis VM and when it is practical and when still too much memory is needed .
Guess what ?
With VM on ( and configuring Redis VM in order to use as little memory as possible ) , it does not matter how big the value is .
1 million keys will always use 160 MB .
You can store huge lists or sets inside , or tiny string values .
Every value will be swapped out , but the keys and the top level hash table , will still use RAM , as well as the " page table bitmap " , that is a bit array of bits in the Redis memory containing information about used / free pages in the swap file .
So a very important question is , when VM is enabled , how much memory we 'll use for every additional million of keys ?
More or less 160 MB for million of keys , so at minimum you need :
If you have 16 GB of RAM you can store 100 M of keys , and every key can contain values as large and complex as you want ( Lists , Sets , JSON encoded objects , and so forth ) and the memory requirements will not change .
Think at this : even with MySQL it is not trivial to have a database with 100 million rows with less than 16 GB of RAM , but with the top - level keys in memory the speed gain is big .
When I started to work at Redis one year ago I often compared it to memcached , saying " it 's like memcached , but persistent and with more ops " in order to tell people what Redis was about .
Not that this description was wrong from a pragmatic point of view , but in some philosophical sense Redis with VM is theof MySQL + memcached .
Using memcached in order to cache SQL queries is a well established pattern .
My SQL DB is slow , so I write an application layer to take the frequently accessed data in memcached ( handling invalidation by hand ) , so I can query this faster cache instead of the DB .
The idea is to take data on disk , but to cache the hotspot in memory for fast access .
Redis + VM is exactly the reverse .
You take your data in memory , but what isthe hot spot is disk - backed in order to free mem for more interesting data .
In both models the frequently accessed data will stay in memory , but the process is reversed , with the following benefits : I implemented VM in two stages .
The first logical step was to start with a blocking implementation , given that Redis is single threaded , that is , an implementation where keys are swapped out blocking all the other clients when we are out of memory ( but swapping just as many objects as needed to return to the memory limits , so it actually does not appear to block the server ) .
The blocking implementation also loads keys synchronously when a client is accessing a swapped out key ( or better , a key associated to a swapped out value ) .
This implementation took very little time , as I used the same functions to serialize and unserialized Redis objects in Redis .rdb files ( used in order to persist on disk ) .
A few more details :
The blocking implementation worked very well , but in the real world there are applications where it is not good at all .
It 's perfect if you are using Redis with few clients to perform batch computations , but what about web applications with N clients ?
To wait for blocked clients to load stuff from disk before to continue is hardly an acceptable scenario .
Redis is a single - threaded multiplexing server , so a possible solution was to use non blocking disk I /O .
I did n't liked enough this solution for a reason : it 's not just a matter of I/O , also to serialize / unserialize the Redis objects to / from the disk representation is a slow CPU intensive operation with lists or sets composed of many elements .
The last resort was what everybody tries to avoid ( and for good reasons ! ) : multi-threading programming .
There are two obvious ways to do this : serve every client with a different thread , or just make the VM I /O stuff threaded .
I picked the second for two reasons : to make the implementation simpler and ( that is , outside the VM subsystem , no synchronization problems at all ) , and to retain the raw speed of the single threaded implementation when there was to access non swapped values .
So the final design is that the main thread communicate with a configurable number of I /O threads with a queue of I /O jobs .
When there is a value to swap , an I/ O job to swap the key is put in the queue .
When there is a value to load because a client is requesting it , the client is suspended , an I/ O job to load the key back in memory is added to the queue , and when all the keys needed for a given client are loaded the client is " resumed " .
Basically the main thread puts I/O jobs in the io_newjobs queue .
After this jobs are processed , the I/O threads put the I/O jobs ( filled with additional data ) in the io_processed queue .
This processed jobs are post - processed by the main thread in order to change the status of the keys from swapped to in - memory or vice versa and so forth .
To resume a client that is in the middle of a command exectuion is hard , but there was a simple solution , a probabilistic one .
When a client issues a command , like : , we scan the arguments looking for swapped keys .
If there is at least one swapped key , the client is suspended the command is executed at all .
Once the keys are back in memory the client is resumed .
This trick allows to reduce the complexity a lot , but it is just probabilistic .
What if once we resume a client a key is swapped again as we are in hard out of memory conditions ?
What about the " SORT BY " command that will access keys we can't guess beforehand ?
Well , that 's simple : if a given key is swapped for some reason , Redis reverts to the blocking implementation ..
As simple as that , and works very well for all the commands butthat is a slow operation anyway .
The actual implementation is much more complex than that as you can guess .
What happens if a value is being swapped off by an I / O thread while a client is accessing it ?
And so forth .
There was to design the system so that I / O operations can be invalidated at any time , and this was tricky .
After the VM , I lost my feeling that Redis was trivial to gasp by the casual coder just reading the source code .
Now it 's 13 k lines of code and there are many things to understand .
Some functions are a few lines , but there are a lot of comments just to explain what 's going on .
Just an example , from the function in charge of jobs invalidation : ( Nazi Grammar Is Not Happy , I know ) .
The complexity is self contained , but still there are a number of non trivial issues to understand for an external programmer in order to hack with the VM .
Fortunately the VM needs very little maintenance work , as the trick of using the same serialization format used to persiste on disk completely decoupled it from the other Redis subsystems .
Want to implement a new type for Redis ?
Just write the commands to work with this new type and the functions to load / save it in the .rdb file and you are done .
The VM will do the rest without your help .
Ok this article is already too long .
I hope that Redis 2.0.0 will be released as stable code in two or three months at max .
The VM needs a few more weeks of work and testing , but now it is working well and I encourage you to give it a try in development environment if you think you 'll run out of memory in short time without it ;)
A scene from the film " Avatar " is shown in this undated publicity photo released to Reuters February 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / WETA / Fox Pictures / Handout
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - James Cameron ’s “ Avatar ” has completed its three - part flight into history , surpassing a domestic boxoffice record that ’s stood since the filmmaker ’s “ Titanic ” completed its theatrical run in 1998 .
“ Avatar ” distributor Fox said Wednesday the sci- fi epic had rung up $ 601.2 million in the United States and Canada through Tuesday .
“ Titanic ” ended up with $ 600.8 million .
The film previously shredded the international and worldwide box office records set by “ Titanic . ”
Updated totals for foreign and worldwide cumes are expected later Wednesday .
Ticket - price inflation and premium pricing for “ Avatar ” gave the film a big advantage over “ Titanic . ”
The number of tickets sold is yet another matter .
The 1939 epic “ Gone with the Wind ” is still rated the top ticket seller of all time .
Asked about potential “ Avatar ” sequels , News Corp chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch said on his quarterly earnings call Tuesday that the conglomerate is in “ very early talks about it . ”
Cameron “ has ideas ” for a sequel , he said , adding : “ We will be pushing for one . ”
SECURITY DAILY NEWSLETTER GET SECURITY NEWS IN YOUR INBOX EVERY DAY |
SHARE
Sometimes you get it right , and sometimes , well , you do n't .
Mozilla last week said it had identified malware in two Firefox add - ons and pulled both from its Add - Ons Mozilla ( AMO ) Web site .
The affected add - ons were identified as the Master Filer extension and Version 4.0 of Sothink Video Downloader
This week , Mozilla is backtracking a bit with the disclosure that it was wrong about labeling one of those , Version 4.0 of Sothink Video Downloader , as having a Trojan in it .
" We 've worked with security experts and add - on developers to determine that the suspected Trojan in Version 4.0 of Sothink Video Downloader was a false positive and the extension does not include malware , " Mozilla stated in a blog post .
However , Mozilla is n't changing its position on the other of the two add - ons that it singled out last week .
" The same investigation also confirmed that the Master Filer extension included a valid instance of a Trojan , " Mozilla said in the post .
Mozilla said that security vendor McAfee had a hand in helping it determine that the Video Downloader did not in fact include a Trojan .
" McAfee volunteered to help us in response to our initial announcement regarding the security threat , " Nick Nguyen , director of add - ons at Mozilla , told InternetNews.com .
" This assistance was separate from the automated antivirus scanning we have employed on addons.mozilla.org . "
Mozilla also said that it is now taking a number of step to ensure that false positives are not an issue in the future .
" We 've increased the number of [ antivirus ] packages used from one to three and we are in the process of updating our add - on review policies as well , " Nguyen said .
Comments from the public on the Mozilla blog post admitting the false positive were somewhat less than complimentary to the open source browser vendor , however .
" It is irresponsible of Mozilla to allow non-Mozilla - approved plug-ins to even exist , " one anonymous commenter wrote .
" At the very least , those non-Mozilla - approved plugins should be with displayed a STERN warning -- Mozilla has not tested this plugin for vulnerabilities -- Use at your own RISK . "
Both the Master Filer extension and Version 4.0 of Sothink Video Downloader were labeled on the AMO site as being experimental add - ons .
" Average users should not be installing untrusted , unreviewed , ' experimental ' addons , " Mozilla developer Daniel Veditz countered on the Mozilla blog .
" And this incident does point out that the site is not at all clear that the intended audience for unreviewed addons ( hard - core testers and experimenters ) is very , very different than the general add - ons user . "
Still , Mozilla is working in other ways to single out add - ons appropriate for general - interest users .
For instance , Mozilla today is now launching a new effort to help promote what they refer to as " recommended " add - ons for Firefox .
The recommended add - ons will appear on the first - run page of a new Firefox 3.6 installation providing users with a list of recommended add - ons initially including the StumbleUpon social bookmarking add - on and Reminder Fox task list add - on .
Update adds comments from Mozilla .
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Here is a link that you ’re all going to want to bookmark :
http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/email/oc/buyonline/buyonlineform.cfm
Selling crap online , and claiming that it has medical value , is illegal .
This is just and proper , because it ’s wrong to con sick people out of money .
Yet it ’s so profitable to do so that it remains a flourishing business .
And those sellers who may genuinely believe their product helps people also deserve to be turned in and prosecuted .
They ’ve heard the research already , they ’ve just chosen to ignore it .
Well , they may find it a little harder to ignore a warning letter from the Food & Drug Administration .
This online form can be filled out to report online sales of fraudulent products that make specific health claims .
If you claim that your product diagnoses , treats , prevents , or cures any disease , then your product is classified as a drug ; and it ’s illegal to sell unapproved drugs in the United States .
Therefore , any web site that sells any form of alternative medicine , or non-FDA approved gadgets or contraptions , and makeS specific medical claims about it , are breaking the law , and are fair game for this form to be used .
The form is short .
Just be sure to state your complaint specifically and succinctly .
An unapproved product must be offered for sale over the Internet , and a specific health claim must be made about it .
Bookmark it .
Use it .
Protect your neighbors from con artists and vultures .
Wal - Mart Stores Inc. plans to cut 20 million metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions from the life - cycle of its profits by the end of 2015 , the retail behemoth said Thursday .
The number represents 1 1/2 times the massive company ’s estimated carbon growth over the next five years , or the equivalent of the emissions produced by 3.8 - million cars over one year , Chief Executive Mike Duke said in a webcast presentation from the company 's Bentonville , Ark. corporate headquarters .
Wal - Mart previously announced an ultimate goal of relying solely on renewable energy to run all its operations while producing no waste .
The mega - retailer completed three solar installations in Southern California last month .
“ We have the capacity to do more , ” he said .
“ We have the opportunity to lead . …
It ’s a very sizable goal , as we often do at Wal - Mart . ”
The greening process will occur as raw materials are sourced and as goods are manufactured and transported , and even as customers handle and dispose of the products , Duke said .
The company will focus first on product categories most associated with carbon .
The goal could even spark a “ race , a treasure hunt ” among suppliers to find competitive ways to cut emissions , said Fred Krupp , president of the Environmental Defense Fund , which is partnering with Wal - Mart to reach the sustainability goal .
“ Wal - Mart is looking at the big picture , ” Krupp said during the webcast .
Clear Carbon Inc. will check that Wal - Mart and its suppliers use proper methodology to produce complete and accurate calculations of reduced emissions , and Pricewaterhouse Coopers will confirm the procedures using consulting standards .
-- Tiffany Hsu
Photo : A Wal - Mart trucker at the Rosemead store .
Credit : Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times
Eddie ( Fort Worth )
Is Tiger ever going to be the same golfer ?
Bill Simmons ( 1:16 PM )
To me , that 's a much bigger question than " Where is LeBron going ? "
Tiger 's comeback is going to be the most fascinating running sports story of my lifetime .
I really believe that .
We only get a handful of truly transcendent athletes per lifetime , he 's one of them , and yet , none of them have ever been tested this way .
The only thing that comes close : When Ali returned from 4 years of boxing exile for refusing to serve in Vietnam .
( A commenter , who is apparently older than 12 , is quizzical . )
An ESPN chat broke out today , and the eventual return to competitive golf of Tiger Woods was discussed .
And , as a result , Clio , Muse Of History , gulps 15 ' ludes with a fifth of Virginia Gentleman , ties an anvil to her neck , and hurls herself into the Aegean Sea . " Really Bill ?
Ali coming back to win the title after being banned from the sport for religious convictions that prevented him from serving in a war that continues to effect the course of American history today , " comes close " to Tiger missing 5 months for a cavalcade of bimbos and a staged sex rehab ?
( Which is followed by this , in which actual history has its viscera removed with a melon - baller . )
" S : Here 's the big difference though : Everyone was rooting for Ali .
He never came even 10 % close to facing the scrutiny , vitriol and 24/7 news cycle microscope that Tiger will face . "
" Everyone " was rooting for Ali ?
The FBI certainly was n't .
Federal prosecutors certainly were n't .
For that matter , the federal government in toto was n't too fond of him .
Various factions of the Nation Of Islam were dubious at best .
He was virtually broke .
Half the country thought he should be doing roadwork in a cellblock at Leavenworth because he was a draft dodger , and too many people thought he should have been locked up simply for being a black man who was ungrateful for the blessings of white America .
As some of you may recall , the Vietnam War and its attendant traumas were a fairly divisive period in our history , and were well beyond the moment when the helicopters lifted off from the roof of the embassy .
( And , later , he 's still digging .
Notice how the goalposts have begun to move . )
S : You do n't know your Ali history .
it 's true that White America was against him in the mid-60's , but that shifted as America turned against Vietnam .
By the time of the Ali-Frazier fight , Frazier was the " old guard " rep and Ali was the " new guard " rep .
He had everyone under 35 rooting for him .
We are now up to " everyone under 35 , " which is also not true , and is completely irrelevant to the original discussion .
Having the support of a bunch of young lefties is comforting , but it does n't make up for losing your livelihood and having the Feds on your case , even if popular support generally for the war has crumbled , and it certainly is n't equivalent to being embarrassed by tabloid television while you stalk the halls of your mansion , waiting to go out and swing a golf club again .
There is a profound difference between being a potential punchline and being an potential inmate .
And ambivalence about Ali survived the end of the war .
If it had n't , Sylvester Stallone never would have had a movie career .
This is n't hard .
This not stuff you have to have lived through .
This is stuff you can find out by , you know , reading , which is said to be fundamental .
Let us be kind and suggest that young Bill perhaps is unread on the subject of The Sixties , possibly becausewas not set in that era .
And , not for nothing , but " cavalcade of bimbos " deserves a shout .
Nick Griffin , the leader of the far right British National Party , has found a country where it is even tougher to get heard than in his own – the U.S .
Griffin had lined up three venues to speak at this month in a visit to the U.S.
But all three were canceled , leaving Griffin with a familiar feeling .
In July , the far right BNP , which advocates repatriation of all “ non-indigenous ” races from Britain , capitalized on a low turnout to win two seats in the European Parliament in Brussels , including one for Griffin , whose appearances are often accompanied by loud protesters .
In October , for example , the police had to take control of a near riot outside a British Broadcasting Corp. studio as Griffin took his seat at a political talk show – his first appearance on a primetime BBC show .
In the U.S. , Griffin was set to speak at a conference hosted by American Renaissance , an online magazine for “ race - realist information and perspectives , ” outside of Washington .
The conference was canceled when protesters made life miserable for hotels that had agreed to take American Renaissance ’s bookings , according to Jared Taylor , who helps run the magazine .
For Taylor , his British contact ’s difficulties in finding a U.S. podium are about freedom of speech .
“ This is not the kind of thing you would expect from the home of the brave and the land of the free , ” he said …
Harrisburg City Controller Dan Miller has presented Harrisburg Mayor Linda Thompson with an ultimatum : rescind
the gag order on city workers
or he will rescind his payroll signature stamp .
Miller claims in his memo that the Feb. 3 gag order , which prevents city workers from speaking directly to the city controller ’s office , city council members and the media , is hampering his ability to do his job .
Miller has given Thompson until tomorrow to do away with her Feb. 3 gag order as it relates to the city controller or he will rescind his signature stamp on Thursday .
If that happens , all city payroll checks will have to be printed on paper and sent to the controller ’s office for Miller ’s signature .
" I do not take this action lightly , " Miller wrote in his e-mail to Thompson .
" I prefer not to disrupt direct deposit for the majority of city employees . "
He also claims that the gag order is violating a portion of Pennsylvania law that provides the city controller have access to all information related to expenditures .
Miller ’s office performs a watchdog function .
The independent office is responsible for authorizing all city expenditures .
For example , the controller is supposed to sign off on paychecks for only those positions that are included in an enacted budget .
Thompson ’s office did not have an immediate comment to Miller ’s memo .
Helsingin Rautatientorin metroasema saattaa pysyä poissa käytöstä jopa kuukausia sunnuntaisen laajan vesivuodon vuoksi .
Metroasemalle on vuotanut tuhansia kuutioita vettä ja vuoto on aiheuttanut miljoonavahingot .
Iltakymmenen jälkeen pidetyssä tiedotustilaisuudessa kerrotiin , että vuotokohta löytyi aseman kulmalta ja vedenvuoto oli saatu loppumaan .
Putkirikko löytyi samasta paikkaa , missä pelastuslaitos teki kaivaustöitä aiemmin illalla .
Helsingin Veden mukaan runkovesiputkesta oli irronnut kulmapala , minkä vuoksi vesi pääsi vuotamaan metroasemalle ja asematunneliin .
Päivystävän palomestarin mukaan vaurio on paikallistettu , eikä lisävuotokohtia enää etsitä .
Veden pumppaaminen jatkuu kuitenkin pitkälle yön yli , sillä kuilussa on paikoin jopa 20 metriä vettä .
Eniten vettä on kasaantunut notkelmaan Rautatientorin metroaseman ja Kaisaniemen aseman välille .
Vesi yritetään saada pumpattua Kaisaniemen aseman ohi Hakaniemen suuntaan sadevesiviemäreihin .
Putkirikon vuoksi lähialueen vedenjakelua oli keskeytyksissä illalla .
Myöhään illalla vedenjakelua päästiin jo osin palauttamaan .
Vesi oli hieman ennen puoltayötä poikki ainakin World Trade Centeristä ja Makkaratalosta sekä Seurahuoneelta .
Vahingot miljoonaluokkaa
Iltapäivällä hieman ennen kello 16 : ta havaitun vesivuodon vahingot ovat miljoonaluokkaa .
Vettä on tulvinut tuhansia kuutioita metroasemalle , laituritasolle , Asematunneliin ja liikekiinteistöihin .
Valtaisan vedenpaineen johdosta seiniä on sortunut ja vesimassat ovat rikkoneet hissejä ja liukoportaita .
Voi kestää jopa kuukausia ennen kuin Rautatientorin metroasema jälleen avataan .
Vuodon korjaamisen jälkeen vuorossa on vahinkojen arviointi ja korjaus .
On esimerkiksi varmistettava , onko ratapenkalle aiheutunut vaurioita .
Viestintäpäällikkö Leena Rantanen - Saari HKL : stä sanoo , että erityisesti aikaa vie hissien ja liukuportaiden korjaus ja sen varmistaminen , että ne ovat turvallisia .
Myös tilojen kuivaus vie aikansa .
Vesivuodosta ei ole aiheutunut viranomaisten mukaan henkilövahinkoja , mutta tilanne olisi voinut olla vaarallinen .
Neljä metroasemaa suljettuna
Sunnuntaina metro ei liikennöinyt Hakaniemen ja Ruoholahden välillä .
Metrojunat Itäkeskuksen suunnasta kääntyivät jo Sörnäisissa .
Hakaniemen ja Ruoholahden välillä ei olllut liikennettä .
Vuorovälit olivat epäsäännölliset ja poikkeusliikenne jatkui koko loppuillan .
HKL arvioi iltamyöhäisellä , että se saisi metroliikenteen toimimaan aamuksi idästä Kaisanimeen saakka .
Sieltä järjestetään täydennysliikennettä busseilla .
Bussilinja 65X kulkee Sörnäisistä Ruoholahteen ja raitiovaunulinja 6:lla on lisävuoroja .
HKL kehottaa ihmisiä varaamaan aikaa työmatkaan ja miettimään myös vaihtoehtoisia kulkureittejä , esimerkiksi jäämistä junasta pois jo Pasilassa .
Ainakin Kaisaniemeen on aamuksi luvassa iso ruuhkasumppu , sillä päivittäin Rautatieaseman metroasemaa käyttävät matkustajat siirtyvät Kaisaniemeen , jonka kapasiteetti joutuu koetukselle .
Tiistaina tavoitteena on , että metro pääsisi kulkemaan Kamppin ja Ruoholahteen Rautatientorin läpi siellä kuitenkaan pysähtymättä .
HKL pyrkii selvittämään asian maanantain aikana .
Myös tieliikenne Kaisaniemen suunnasta keskustaan on ohjattu poikkeusreitille .
Sen sijaan Raitiovaunujen poikkeusreitit purettiin iltakahdeksan maissa ja raitioliikenne pääsee taas kulkemaan Kaivokadun kautta .
Vesivuoto ei ole vaikuttanut bussiliikenteeseen eikä VR :n junaliikenteeseen .
Myös Rautatieaseman maanpäälliseen osaan on päässyt , mutta Asematunneli on suljettu .
Ateneumissa kaikki hyvin
Rautatientoria vastapäätä sijaitsevassa Ateneumin taidemuseossa vesivuoto ei aiheuttanut vahinkoja , kertoi tiedottaja Marja Istala Kumpunen maanantaiaamuna .
Tiedottajan mukaan vettä ei päässyt mihinkään Ateneumin tiloihin .
Ateneumilla on teknisiä tiloja myös maan alla .
Ateneumissa on esillä Picasso - näyttely , joka on kerännyt runsaasti kävijöitä .
Näyttely oli sunnuntailta jo suljettu , kun vesivuoto sattui .
Maanantaiaamuna vedenjakelu taidemuseoon oli taas normaalia .
Lähteet : YLE Uutiset
( Gunzenhausen , GERMANY ) –
The fact that Schorschbräu released the first batch of its record - breaking 40 % ABV beer recently is n’t exactly breaking news though the brewery has just released a second batch .
On Thanksgiving morning , I wrote about BrewDog Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
BrewDog announced that the beer broke the previous world record of 31 % ABV set by Schorschbräu and the beer made international headlines .
Marketing is everything because , on the same day , news came out that Schorschbräu had lab proof for a sequel to its record - breaking beer : Schorschbock 40 % .
BrewDog got lots of press in the following weeks while Schorschbräu has received relatively little fanfare .
We got our first tasting report within the last couple weeks when RateBeer member , KapplDav123 , posted that he was one of the few recipients of a bottle from the first batch , one of only 15 .
He even lit the beer on fire .
Brewmaster , Georg Tscheuschner , told me two days ago that batch 2 was up for sale but that he expected it to sell quickly as there are only around 80 bottles .
The beer can be ordered directly through the brewery ( contact info on website ) .
Note this message on the website : “ Although our beers are only available through a distributor , we have made an exception in this case , and allow this unique beer to be ordered from us directly . ”
They will ship to the States though it will cost you 13,5 € shipping costs plus 99 € per bottle with the box ( which converts to almost $ 155 USD ) .
Tscheuschner says that the brewery is planning to produce around 300 bottles of the beer for 2010 .
“ We are planning a ‘ black edition ’ with very dark malt so it will taste of chocolate and more roasty , malty , dry fruit flavors and of course a strong alcohol note . ”
So the question now . . . will BrewDog respond ?
Perhaps a beer that hits 50 % ABV ?
Come to think of it , Deus ex Machina would make a fitting name for such a beer or a strong Imperial Stout .
I will gladly accept free beer in place of royalties from a brewery that wants to use it .
Barney Frank : Hero
There 've been some depressing forecasts coming out of Davos :
Harvard economist Kenneth Rogoff kicked off the Wednesday discussion with a simple , depressing argument :
The banking collapse is morphing into a long - term crisis of government debt .
Instead of financial panic , we now face an " illusion of normalcy , " with governments stepping in to guarantee everything .
They 've succeeded in fending off another Great Depression -- great ! -- but at the cost of skyrocketing debt .
And if history is any guide , he said , financial crises are often followed precisely by a wave of sovereign debt crises a few years later .
" In countries like the United States and Britain , I 'm not talking about default , but we certainly may have to see very painful political crises , " Rogoff predicted , " belt tightening , higher taxes , slower growth . "
Rogoff , a former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund , believes we 're fooling ourselves if we think otherwise : " We may tell ourselves we 're better , we 've figured things out … we ’re different .
I submit to you :
We 're not . "
Barney Frank , who attended the session , thought he spied the answer in the wallets of the audience .
" I think almost every American here pays much less in taxes than you ought to , " he told the assemblage .
" I 'm going to go back and try to raise the taxes of most of the people who attended here . "
And this is why people love Barney Frank .
Photo credit : By Virginia Mayo / Associated Press
New to LEED ?
This course is the first step for everyone !
Highlight your understanding of green building design , construction , and operations by earning the LEED Green Associate professional credential .
Our course will introduce the structure and scope of the LEED Rating System , including the 100 + green practices that make our buildings more energy - efficient , safe , healthy , and more durable .
We ’ll also share tips for how you can be successful on the LEED Green Associate exam ( sold separately ) .
Pass your LEED exam with confidence .
That 's right !
We guarantee that you 'll pass the LEED Green Associate exam on your first attempt .
Let 's get started !
when you ’re a mother there is no other option
Friday , Jan. 08 , 2010
No , really , I can fit your whole head in my mouth .
Here , let me show you ...
Knut tries to impress his lady friend Giovanna at Berlin 's Zoologischer Garten zoo .
A rare hoarfrost clings to the trees at sunset in Knutsfod , England , as a cold wave continues to grip the United Kingdom .
Shoot first , ask about the true nature of reality later :
A young monk twirls his toy six - shooter as he listens to the Dalai Lama in Bodh Gaya , India .
Scattered - snow Florrie : Five - year - old Florrie - Anne
Forster kicks a soccer ball , along with some snow , in Hay - On - Wye , England .
Dang , just out of reach :
When lunch makes a break for it at China 's Harbin Tiger Park , the Siberian tigers start leaping , climbing trees , building pyramids .
The chase is on : Naturally , the victor is in no mood to share .
( Harbin Tiger Park , Heilongjiang Province . )
Eloping can be nice , too : Andrea Parrish and her fiance Peter Geyer are collecting aluminum cans in Spokane , Wash . , to pay for their wedding .
So far they 've got 18,000 .
They estimate they need 382,000 more .
Who invited the cow ?
The Butter family enjoys a high - cholesterol breakfast in this 1,000 - pound , lightly salted sculpture at the Farm Show in Harrisburg , Pa .
Chariots of Fido :
The problem with Rollerblade " dogsledding " is that on downhills , the musher risks overtaking the team .
( Michael Miranda and his five pups , Roswell , N.M. )
A lone car races over the dunes in the six stage of the Argentina - Chile Dakar Rally between Antofagasta and Iquique , Chile .
But I just want to play : A cygnet ( young swan ) defends its territory from a natural enemy - the overly friendly puppy - in Virgina Water , southern England .
I said , NOT TONIGHT !
Australian biologists have discovered that female cane toads can inflate themselves like beach balls in order to throw off unwanted males striving to mate with them .
Hypothermia is for weaklings : :
As they do every winter , South Korean Special Warfare troops strip off their shirts to work out in the snow during an exercise in Pyeongchang .
Warming the cold - blooded : SeaWorld 's Jenny Albert covers a green turtle at the Rescue and Rehabilitation Center in Orlando , Fla .
An arctic blast forced the rescue of more than two dozen endangered green sea turtles at the Mosquito Lagoon on Merritt Island .
Power lunch ?
A Golden Eagle looks for critters to eat from a perch atop a utility pole in rural Albany County , Wyo .
Winter 's paintbrush : Ice forms odd , flamboyant patterns on the surface of Chicago River in the Windy City .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
ExxonMobil is still funding groups that deny climate change , despite claiming last year that it had stopped doing so .
Reports the Independent :
Free-market , anti-climate change think - tanks such as the Atlas Economic Research Foundation in the US and the International Policy Network in the UK have received grants totalling hundreds of thousands of pounds from the multinational energy company ExxonMobil .
Both organisations have funded international seminars pulling together climate change deniers from across the globe .
Josh Harkinson reported on Atlas ‘s role in the international climate change denier web in December , and Exxon topped our list of climate deniers in December .
In fact , they ’ve been the top source of climate - change - denier funding for some time , as Chris Mooney reported for Mother Jones in 2005 .
Exxon gave Atlas $ 100,000 in 2008 , according to the oil company ’s reports , and Atlas has in turn supported at least 30 other foreign think - tanks that spread climate change misinformation .
A number of these groups have been at the forefront of efforts to flog the so - called ClimateGate issue , and are now leading assaults on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
ExxonMobil ’s response ?
“ We have the same concerns as people everywhere — and that is how to provide the world with the energy it needs while reducing greenhouse gas emissions , ” the company said in a statement to the Independent .
Yes , ExxonMobil , the fossil fuel - giant , is just like “ people everywhere . ”
Is gold going to $ 6,300 ?
Dylan Grice , an analyst with Societe Generale , says it ’s possible , given the decline in central bank credibility .
But investors need to keep one thing in mind :
Gold is merely a vehicle to protect the purchasing power of money .
Gold is surging because investors see that the Federal Reserve — more concerned with deflation and unemployment than sound money — may be trapped in a never - ending cycle of monetary accommodation .
Ben Bernanke says he wo n’t monetize debt , but he already has .
His Fed has bought $ 300 billion of Treasuries and is on pace to buy $ 1.45 trillion of government - backed mortgage debt all of which is being salted away indefinitely on the Fed ’s balance sheet .
Why indefinitely ?
Because the Fed has no intention of unwinding its balance sheet so long as the economy is stressed .
Witness comments this week from Bernanke , Fed Vice Chairman Don Kohn and San Francisco Fed President Janet Yellen all suggesting that the Fed ’s “ extended period ” of low interest rates can be measured in years , not months .
Today St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said rates are n’t going up till 2012 .
So long as deficit spending continues , if the Fed wants to avoid deflation , it will be forced to monetize more debt .
[ Elsewhere , capital controls are being erected in emerging economies like Brazil , Taiwan , and possibly Indonesia in order to keep speculative waters at bay .
As Hong Kong ’s chief executive remarked last week , a dollar carry trade spawned by low rates threatens to inflate dangerous asset bubbles in emerging markets the same way low Japanese rates did in the ’ 90s . ]
Exploding debt throughout the developed world means other central banks face similar pressure .
( Click chart to enlarge in new window , reprinted with permission )
So confidence in paper currencies is waning .
Some people say it is absurd to buy gold ; the metal has no intrinsic value .
That may be .
But is it any less absurd to hold paper ?
The best that can be said for paper is that if you lend or invest it , tomorrow someone will give you more paper in return .
This is fine so long as its purchasing power is maintained .
But it is n’t .
A 2009 dollar is worth a 1914 nickel .
Eventually the value of all the paper you ’ve accumulated goes to zero .
The trick is to turn that paper into tangible assets with tangible value .
Gold may be volatile , but at least it maintains its real value :
( click chart to enlarge in new window , reprinted with permission )
Grice contends that the price of gold could reach $ 6,300 an ounce .
He explains : “ The U.S. owns nearly 263 million troy ounces of gold ( the world ’s biggest holder ) while the Fed ’s monetary base is $ 1.7 trillion .
So the price of gold at which the U.S. dollar would be fully gold - backed is currently around $ 6,300 .
Gold is very cheap — at current prices , the USD is only 15 percent gold - backed . ”
Absurd you say ?
It happened 30 years ago .
President Nixon ended the Bretton Woods global monetary system and his compliant Fed Chairman Arthur Burns let inflation run wild .
So by 1980 gold spiked to a level at which the dollar was “ overbacked ” according to Grice .
Did gold overshoot in 1980 ?
Sure , but only because Paul Volcker was willing to hammer the economy to re-establish the Fed ’s credibility .
Today ’s
Fed has been very clear that it is n’t willing to put up with a recession of any kind in the service of sound money .
All of that said , investors should be careful .
Grice ’s chart shows that , over the long run , gold is likely to do no better than protect your purchasing power .
An ounce of gold today buys a good men ’s suit ; in 100 years , it is likely to buy the same .
So gold wo n’t make you rich .
But it may protect you from becoming poor .
Ngurah Rai International Airport in Bali is best known as a tourist hub , the bustling port of entry to a volcanic paradise .
But when Indonesian authorities learned that a Mexican swine flu had gone global , that hub became a surreal microcosm of flu politics .
Each arriving passenger was scanned for fever .
A Dutch woman , apparently ill while in flight , was greeted by health workers in hazmat suits and whisked into quarantine while fellow passengers were spritzed with disinfectant .
The woman was found to have nothing more than a bad sore throat , according to news reports , but that did not change a thing .
The controversial head of the Indonesian Health Ministry , physician Siti Supari , quarantined sick foreigners at warp speed .
Already embroiled in a battle royal with the world ’s superpowers over another flu virus — the ultra-lethal bird flu — Supari did not have time to deal with a new enemy .
She would do everything possible , she told her fellow citizens , to protect them from the new pathogen spawned by a pig .
The recent frenzy in Bali stood in notable contrast to the research paralysis that has gripped this tropical archipelago since late 2006 , when Supari declared that flu viruses circulating in Indonesia belonged to her government alone .
It was a bizarre , 21st - century twist on an age - old intellectual property argument .
Developing nations had long fought passionately over plant and native human genes , but no one had ever before staked claim to microbes that birds could carry anywhere .
Yet the 57 - year - old health minister insisted she had cause : Rich Western nations were patenting the viral genomes , then using the information to create vaccines that were sold for profit to other Western powers while benefiting Indonesia not at all .
If Supari had stopped there , she might have garnered real support .
But she ramped up the rhetoric , launching a barrage of fear bombs by accusing the United States of genetically engineering H1N1 ( the swine flu virus ) and H5N1 ( the bird flu pathogen ) as biological weapons .
Wielding those charges , she flouted agreements with the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , refusing to share samples from Indonesians infected with avian influenza — specimens the rest of the world desperately needs to track a virus on the move .
Supari not only has clamped down on viral and epidemiological information but has also cut off cooperation with NAMRU - 2 , the U.S. Naval Medical Research Unit in Indonesia ’s capital city , Jakarta .
Since 1970 the lab has helped advance knowledge on a range of infectious diseases , including malaria , dengue , and , more recently , bird flu in Southeast Asia .
But Supari wants the Americans and their scientific paraphernalia to get out .
This standoff has escalated into a full - blown geopolitical dispute over influenza viruses .
Negotiations are so delicate that talks on the U.S. end have risen to the highest levels of diplomacy .
The State Department would neither confirm nor deny that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s visit to Indonesia in February had something to do with NAMRU - 2 .
“ We have no comment on the secretary ’s private conversations , ” said a source who requested anonymity .
Despite intermittent signs of a thaw , this past May Supari reportedly threatened with severe punishment any Indonesian scientist caught conducting experiments with researchers at the naval laboratory .
Once bustling with scientists , that lab now has only a handful of researchers , all on temporary visas .
Supari could be written off as an inconsequential hothead if not for the spread of bird flu in Indonesia and the looming international threat it presents .
Global health leaders need her cooperation to trace a virus that is relatively rare in most of the world but that has left few regions in this chain of 17,500 islands unscathed .
That virus may still represent one of the world ’s greatest public - health threats , some scientists fear .
Their concern is based on several chilling facts .
More people — and more birds — have died of avian influenza in Indonesia than anywhere else on earth .
Smoldering in rural regions as well as cities , the H5N1 virus has the potential to kindle a pandemic strain .
With a new , easily transmissible swine flu already circling the globe , scientists are understandably nervous .
Some are talking about the potential of a gene swap between the pig and avian flu strains .
Long feared as a breeding ground for novel flu viruses — many variants of H5N1 have been identified in humans and chickens here —
Indonesia is considered a likely spot where such a genetic reassortment event might occur .
The creation of a swine - avian hybrid could have nightmarish consequences .
H1N1 is comparable in severity to seasonal flu , and it spreads just as easily ; H5N1 does n’t pass easily between humans , but it is more lethal .
Were bird flu and swine flu to combine , the result might be a killer strain comparable to the 1918 pandemic virus .
The Indonesian strategy for preventing this dread convergence — scanning for fevers and disinfecting foreigners at the airport — will not keep the different flu strains apart .
But Supari ’s information blackout might prevent us from recognizing a deadly H5N1 / H1N1 hybrid until it is too late .
Bird flu takes flight
Avian flu in Indonesia first caught the world ’s attention in 2004 , when it wiped out 16.2 million birds in a bit over a year .
The first human cases appeared in 2005 , and since then the virus has coursed through the country with the stealth of a serial killer .
In fact , most of what we know about the human version of the disease comes from Indonesia , where avian flu goes by the nickname AI .
Many hospitals in the country now have AI units to stanch the tide , and with good reason :
Of the 141 human bird flu cases in Indonesia reported to the WHO , 115 people have died , a death rate of more than 80 percent .
Put another way , bird flu in Indonesia is about 8,000 times as deadly as the swine flu virus now making the rounds , according to global health expert Laurie Garrett of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City .
As frightening as these statistics seem , the figures are based on spotty reporting from Indonesia ’s Health Ministry , which means the actual number of infections and deaths might be substantially higher .
Through the first three quarters of 2009 , Indonesia failed to report any flu cases at all , even though the Food and Agriculture Organization ( a body of the United Nations that monitors avian influenza in birds ) has found the infection to be deeply entrenched among fowl in 31 of the country ’s 33 provinces and endemic in Java , Sumatra , and Bali .
From the country ’s first encounter with H5N1 , authorities have wondered whether it spread to humans only from birds , or whether it was being passed from human to human as well .
“ In some instances we have seen some very limited human - to - human transmission , ” says infectious - diseases expert Keiji Fukuda , the WHO ’s interim assistant director general for health security and environment and director of its global influenza program .
“ But these instances involve very intense contact , where a parent might be taking care of an infected child . ”
Fukuda notes that avian flu has been just as severe and difficult to control in other affected countries , such as Egypt , where a spate of human cases this year has drawn international concern .
But nearly half of all bird flu deaths in humans have occurred in Indonesia , the world ’s fourth most populous nation .
Birds are of supreme economic importance and national pride here , status symbols kept as pets for their beautiful feathers or their song .
Culling them to stop the flu is no simple matter .
Indonesians have hidden their birds when government agents have come to kill sick chickens and domestic ducks , common conduits of H5N1 to humans .
Fruits and vegetables are widely sold in open - air venues called wet markets , which are points of sale for infected poultry as well .
Children and adults have contracted avian flu while shopping for groceries .
With the danger so clear , Indonesia has cooperated with international disease - control efforts — but only at times .
In 2007 , after negotiations with the WHO ’s Intergovernmental Committee , Supari agreed to share samples .
The release of specimens was intermittent at best .
“ That is not enough for a country that seems to be a natural bioreactor for influenza strains , ” says Michael Greger , director of public health and animal agriculture at the Humane Society of the United States .
“ It is important to know what ’s really going on there . ”
Far more often , Indonesia has played the renegade , openly ignoring guidelines governing the WHO ’s Global Influenza Surveillance Network , a 57 - year - old system through which researchers gather and share samples from patients with flulike illnesses .
About 128 laboratories in 99 countries , including Indonesia , are signatories ; large national public - health laboratories in the United States , Great Britain , Australia , and Japan anchor the network .
Yet most Americans are barely aware of the political folderol that has been going on for years .
Many view bird flu as a passé threat that rarely makes the news anymore and hope that swine flu will similarly fade from view .
“ When a pandemic did n’t happen the week after the bird flu stories broke , the stories were no longer interesting , ” says Greger , who wrote the book Bird Flu : A Virus of Our Own Hatching .
“ For many people , bird flu is the story of the boy who cried wolf .
And just like the story , not only is the wolf real , but it is still out there . ”
Aria of the flu divaSiti Supari is as adept at getting under the collective skin of the world ’s superpowers as she is at playing on the fear of Western science that runs through Indonesia ’s population , which is predominantly Muslim .
She knows how to gin up the rhetoric and rev up the crowds .
Her jingoism often inflames activists , who can be found protesting outside the American embassy in Jakarta , trying to shout the remaining Americans out of town .
But she did not start her professional life with a vision of standing on the global stage or adopting the multiple , competing public personas she has assumed : agent provocateur , warrior - defender of Indonesia , trash - talking drama queen .
In various snapshot biographies used as introductions before her speeches , Supari is said to hail from central Java , where she was born in 1949 .
From a young age she set her sights on a career as a physician , a goal she achieved after earning a medical degree from Gadjah Mada University in Yogyakarta .
Neither influenza nor global public health was a part of her work .
Throughout the 1980s Supari treated heart patients ; she then went back to graduate school to obtain a second doctorate , in cardiology .
An academic career consumed her time until 2004 , when the newly elected president , Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , appointed her to head Indonesia ’s Health Ministry .
Diminutive and bespectacled , with a penchant for poufy , retro hairstyles , Supari has a soft , high - pitched voice that contrasts sharply with the incendiary tone she adopted in her new position .
Supari ’s press representatives in Jakarta declined repeated requests for an interview .
However , Triyogo Jatmiko of Indonesia ’s Permanent Mission to the United Nations in New York City provided a transcript of a Supari speech delivered to global health officials in Geneva , which helps illuminate her dramatic approach .
In it she casts her country as resource poor , seeking a level playing field alongside the rich nations that are home base to Big Pharma .
“ As a citizen of a developing country , I must keep voicing the need to explore the development of transparent , fair , and equitable virus sharing and benefits sharing , ” she said .
The “ benefits , ” she explained , are the vaccines , diagnostics , and other technologies developed from flu viruses and their genes .
These products , she said , elude resource - poor countries such as her own because costs can be crippling .
In press reports and speeches , Supari says Indonesia has shared freely for decades and received nothing for its cooperation .
In a book entitled It ’s Time for the World to Change , published last year , she charges the United States and the WHO with conspiring to use H5N1 as a biological weapon against Indonesia and other poor countries .
In March she reportedly announced that she wanted to stop vaccinating children against meningitis , mumps , and other childhood diseases with Western - made vaccines .
The Associated Press quoted her as saying she did not want global pharmaceutical companies exploiting Indonesians the way they have exploited Africans .
Supari further accuses the West of harboring plans to profit from third world misery by selling frightened , flu - affected nations expensive vaccines .
Her willingness to speak out loudly against Western companies and governments has upped the wattage of her star power in Indonesia .
“ She ’s a national heroine .
They love her and treat her like a rock star , ” says Sharon Sanders , editor in chief of FluTrackers , a nonprofit Web site headquartered in Winter Park , Florida .
The site sponsors discussions about all forms of influenza , and Indonesia ’s reluctance to abide by international agreements is a frequent topic of concern .
Many bloggers are outraged that a manipulative , second - tier official from a developing nation can hold the rest of the world by the throat .
“ It is apparent that many Indonesians do n’t trust the U.S. government , ” Sanders says .
Scientists who have dealt with Supari see her as a crafty negotiator capable of bargaining successfully with the strongest nations on earth .
The key tenet in her intellectual property argument — that viruses infecting Indonesians belong to Indonesia — extends beyond pathogens that cause the flu .
She does n’t want Western scientists to study blood samples from any Indonesian for any reason , at least not until she gets something valuable in return .
“ Minister Supari is a smart lady because most of this is about leverage , ” says Anthony Gaspari , chairman of dermatology at the University of Maryland in Baltimore .
Gaspari has been studying an exceptionally rare disorder affecting a 37 - year - old Indonesian man named Dede .
“ What she ’s saying is ‘ We have something that is very desirable , but we are not giving it to you unless we get a cut of the action . ’? ”
Supari and her Health Ministry have barred shipments of blood samples from Dede , who is known as Tree Man .
His unusual response to the human papilloma virus — HPV — caused him to develop thick , barklike warts all over his body , giving him the appearance of a man in a tree suit , minus the leaves .
“ It ’s not just the bird flu virus , it ’s across the board .
She ’s not allowing any samples out of the country , ” says an exasperated Gaspari , who consulted with the Indonesian surgeons who removed some of the warts and obtained a sample of Dede ’s blood when he traveled to Indonesia in June 2007 .
Supari later accused him of taking the samples to make vaccines without her permission , Gaspari reports .
He returned to Indonesia in March 2008 , and this time Supari blocked him from taking samples home .
“ With a condition so rare , there ’s no money in it for Big Pharma .
The research would benefit only Dede , ” Gas­pari says .
Who owns the flu ?
Biological material as intellectual property is a hot - button issue with a long and storied past .
A famous legal case decided in 1990 by the high court of California introduced the public to what seemed a startling notion at the time : Biological material not only can be patented but , like computer chips or other commodities , can be worth tremendous sums .
The California case involved a patient by the name of John Moore , who was diagnosed with hairy cell leukemia in 1976 .
His physician , David Golde of UCLA , found a rare T lymphocyte in Moore ’s blood that could be coaxed into making an immune - boosting protein .
Golde had a name for Moore ’s samples :
Mo cells .
The discovery helped pave the way for a multi­billion - dollar business of making drugs to pump up the immune system in chemotherapy - ravaged cancer patients .
For years Moore was not told that his cells had been used in the research , even though he was curious why he had to travel so often to Los Angeles and why he was always asked to provide blood .
Seven years after Moore ’s initial therapy , Golde asked his patient to sign a contract relinquishing his rights and those of his heirs to any cell lines or products derived from his blood or tissues ( Moore ’s spleen had been removed in the course of his treatment ) .
It was only then that Moore became aware of the fortune coursing through his blood .
The California court agreed that Moore ’s informed consent should have been obtained and that Golde had violated doctor - patient trust .
However , it ruled that the patient had no property rights to his own cells .
As far as Supari is concerned , John Moore and Indonesia have been victimized in similar ways .
Other recent cases bolster her argument .
In 2005 Australia ’s WHO - affiliated laboratory obtained a specimen from an Indonesian bird flu patient and shared it with CSL , an Australian drugmaker .
CSL used genetic sequences from the sample to develop a bird flu vaccine .
Then the sample made its way to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) in Atlanta , which also developed a vaccine .
Physician Rachel David , a CSL spokeswoman , says the Australian vaccine is part of her country ’s cache of supplies to protect its population in the event of an avian influenza outbreak .
“ The product is licensed and stockpiled in Australia , ” she states , and is , at this point , available only for Australians .
In the United States , meanwhile , the genes were used to develop an innovative DNA vaccine .
DNA flu vaccines effectively stimulate an immune response , much as traditional vaccines do .
Unlike the older drugs , however , they do not involve antiquated steps , such as growing live flu viruses in fresh , fertilized hens ’ eggs and then inactivating the virus .
Instead , genetically engineered DNA in the vaccine coaxes the body to produce H5N1 antibodies , providing immunity .
This technique could be more easily ramped up in the event of a pandemic , experts say .
A patent application for the DNA vaccine was filed with the U.S. patent office by the CDC and the National Institutes of Health in early 2006 and with the World Intellectual Property Organization some 18 months later .
As this goes to press , there is one FDA - approved vaccine for H5N1 in the United States , stockpiled by the government but not for sale .
New York University School of Law fellow Matthew Herder has been studying the impasse between Indonesia and the rest
of the world since it began nearly three years ago , and he suggests a way to prevent similar disputes in the future : Developed countries should provide technology transfer to help poor countries , allowing them to produce their own vaccines .
NAMRU - 2 could have been a site for such instruction , but its sour relationship with the Indonesian government makes the possibility unlikely — unless , of course , a deal can be struck .
Fukuda of the WHO has been involved in talks to broker that deal .
He sees strength in some of the Indonesian claims .
“ From my perspective and from listening to the minister from Indonesia talk on this issue a number of times , I think the one point that the Indonesian government has made over and over — and the main reason they are holding back — is that they regard the whole system as to how viruses get turned into vaccines unfair , ” he says .
The issue is not about intellectual property per se , in Fukuda ’s view , but about sharing benefits derived from the viral material that a country provides .
Supari ’s stance trains a spotlight on tenets in the Convention on Biological Diversity , an international agreement hammered out in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 .
The initiative provides protection under international law for genetic resources within a country ’s borders .
It was created in part because poor nations were feeling pushed around by wealthy ones .
“ Countries were saying , ‘ You ’re coming here taking our stuff and we ’re not getting anything in return , ’? ” says Richard Gold , a professor of law at McGill University in Montreal , referring to the state of affairs that led to the Rio pact .
The initiative also promotes “ fair and equitable sharing of genetic resources . ”
Still , there are striking differences between the issues on the table in Brazil 17 years ago and the concerns involving Indonesia now .
In 1992 countries were mostly focused on controlling the genes from indigenous plants .
Viral genes are another story entirely , because they easily move with people across international borders , causing diseases thousands of miles away .
The human impact of delaying access to flu genes is also much more stark .
Gold , who serves as president of the Innovation Partnership , a nonprofit devoted to smoothing impasses in intellectual property disputes , is not involved in the flu standoff , but he describes it as a classic case of poor versus rich .
“ I would n’t be so quick to condemn Indonesia , ” he says , despite his disagreement with Supari ’s stance .
“ If you have a population that is suffering from this virus and no one is giving you assurances that you will share in a vaccine , then you ’ve got a problem .
The whole stability of the country could be at risk .
It ’s not a negligible issue .
What Indonesia is asking for is access to products that come out of biological materials they have shared , at a price they can afford . ”
The new Cold War Will peace ever reign between Supari ’s Health Ministry and the superpowers that control flu science ?
In December of last year the U.S. State Department hoped for a complete resolution of the dispute by 2009 .
But then the new swine flu strain began girdling the globe , forcing its avian cousin deeper into the recesses of public consciousness .
And that was not the only change .
A senior State Department official , who agreed to speak to DISCOVER on the condition that his name remain out of print , recently left the agency .
Before his departure he had been cautiously optimistic : “ If this is resolved by May , this would , I assume , solve the immediate concern of not receiving samples from Indonesia , ” he said early in the process .
But nearly a year later , it appears that no progress has been made .
“ We continue to discuss the future of NAMRU - 2 with the Indonesian government , ” says another U.S. government source .
Some observers say that , rather than continuing to negotiate with the Indonesians , the American government might simply decide to establish an infectious - diseases lab elsewhere in Southeast Asia where the government is friendlier .
Yet the wide proliferation of H5N1 strains in Indonesia makes that approach risky .
Not knowing precisely how H5N1 is mutating there leaves a frightening vacuum , especially with a second novel flu virus , the swine flu , circulating worldwide .
Currently there is no evidence of a gene swap between H5N1 and H1N1 , according to WHO officials , but the potential certainly exists .
And questions abound , many from researchers and developers who say they need recent virus samples to produce more efficient vaccines .
“ When viruses are unavailable for work in the lab , that is really a downside , ” says Larry Smith , vice president of vaccine research at Vical Inc. in San Diego .
Like scientists at the CDC , Vical has developed a DNA vaccine , this one based on an H5N1 strain from Vietnam .
Unlike the CDC , Vical has already tested its vaccine in human volunteers throughout the United States .
The Vical treatment has been shown to produce a potent immune response , a sign that DNA vaccines could offer powerful protection if H5N1 mutates into a pandemic strain .
“ We wanted to test our vaccine against H5N1 from Indonesia to see what the breadth of our antibody response would be against that strain , ” Smith says .
“ The WHO was making a request on our behalf .
We really ca n’t make those appeals ourselves . ”
Despite his company ’s entreaties , the request has not been granted .
Instead , Vical tested the vaccine against H5N1 strains from other countries .
Scientists in academia also are hoping for a breakthrough in combating flu viruses .
In addition to studying samples , some researchers say they wish they could follow H5N1 ’s footprint , tracking how deeply it has become entrenched and monitoring the pervasiveness of outbreaks in wild and domestic birds .
Most important , scientists want better information on how the virus is affecting people .
“ We do n’t know what ’s going on in Indonesia , ” says Andrea Gambotto , a University of Pittsburgh vaccinologist who has also developed an innovative vaccine based on H5N1 genes from Vietnam .
Gambotto worries that the lack of fresh statistics poses a risk to everyone — including the people of Indonesia .
“ In Indonesia the epidemiology is poor , the surveillance is poor , and the mortality is worse than the virus that caused the pandemic in 1918 .
Anything we can find out would be helpful , ” he says .
The Great Flu Conspiracy
Conspiracy theories abound during pandemics , and now , with the emergence of H1N1 , the Internet is propelling the paranoia to new heights .
( Google yields more than 2 million hits on the topic . )
Yet no one has spun so intricate and technical a conspiratorial tale as Austrian blogger Jane Burgermeister .
Last summer , she lost her job as European correspondent for Renewable Energy World , an online publication , after filing charges with the F.B.I. against the World Health Organization , the United Nations , and several top U.S. government officials , claiming they are part of a plot to depopulate the United States using tainted H1N1 flu vaccines .
Burgermeister has also filed charges against pharmaceutical giant Baxter Healthcare and AVIR Green Hills Biotechnology of Vienna .
In 2008 samples of Baxter ’s seasonal flu virus material supplied to AVIR contained traces of H5N1 , the deadly bird flu strain .
The problem was discovered after AVIR sent samples to several other European laboratories .
Baxter spokesman Christopher Bona said the samples were never meant for human or commercial use and blamed the incident on technical error .
However , Burgermeister sees the error as intentional , part of a secret scheme to release engineered flu viruses so the companies can profit by selling vaccines .
Her Web site , www.theflucase.com, is a mix of scientific - sounding warnings and political broadsides ; it points to “ evidence that an international corporate criminal syndicate , which has annexed high government office inside the United States , is intent on carrying out a mass genocide using an artificial ( genetic ) flu pandemic virus and a forced vaccination program . ”
Why ?
“ To transfer control of the United States to WHO , the U.N. , and affiliated security forces , ” Burgermeister asserts .
Numerous flu conspiracy
Web sites — spreading virally almost as quickly as the flu itself — now link to Burgermeister ’s Web pages , but critics say these venues are spinning an old saw : the notion of scientist as evil genius , a soulless automaton pursuing money , power , or unsavory schemes .
It could be that the risk intrinsic to science has given the theories a foothold .
Columbia University microbiologist Vincent Racaniello , who helped develop the first artificial virus in the 1980s , cites the stir created four years ago when nearly 5,000 labs seeking accreditation were mistakenly shipped vials of the 1957 pandemic flu strain as part of their test kits .
Conspiracy theorists portray the scientists as literally planning and creating global disease , but Racaniello says , “ That is way beyond what we can do . ”
“ Conspiracy theorists have always been around , and the Internet allows them to meet and have a greater voice , ” says Paul Offit , director of the Vaccine Education Center at Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia .
“ A common thread in all the conspiracy theories is that the world is in grave danger .
Reality is often less scary , and hence less interesting . ”
Michael Shermer , executive director of the Skeptics Society , argues that conspiracy theories come from an ancient human tendency to stay on guard against predators .
“ Paranoia runs deep in the human psyche , ” he says .
D. R .
Loading the Ski Jump full of snow for the 2010 Continental Cup .
This cart is pulled to the top by a cable connected to a front end loader on the back underside of the jump .
COULD you imagine this breaking loose near the top or anywhere on it ?
Science Magazine has removed the pay wall from “ Food Security : The Challenge of Feeding 9 Billion People . ”
The paper concludes , as many have before , that keeping up with humanity ’s needs as numbers and appetites crest toward mid-century poses big challenges .
But it expresses optimism that a sustained focus on efficiency , technology and policy innovations can do the trick .
( The images above , from the paper , show how investments in water storage and other measures helped restore vegetation in a dry region in Niger . )
Here ’s the summary :
Continuing population and consumption growth will mean that the global demand for food will increase for at least another 40 years .
Growing competition for land , water , and energy , in addition to the overexploitation of fisheries , will affect our ability to produce food , as will the urgent requirement to reduce the impact of the food system on the environment .
The effects of climate change are a further threat .
But the world can produce more food and can ensure that it is used more efficiently and equitably .
A multifaceted and linked global strategy is needed to ensure sustainable and equitable food security , different components of which are explored here .
The authors include a menu of possible uses for genetically modified crops , but stress that technology alone is far from sufficient if policies are not shifted to advance the appropriate use of the right agricultural strategy or tool in the right place .
Over all , a focus on “ sustainable intensification ” of production of crops and livestock will be vital to limiting impacts on remaining undeveloped ecosystems .
Aquaculture holds great promise , if practiced appropriately and efficiently , as does livestock production , the authors say , noting the reality that meat will long remain a part of most diets , particularly in populations moving out of poverty .
In the end , they say , one reality has to be a shift from simply boosting production to a new , interdisciplinary focus on getting the most food value with the least loss of land and other resources .
The kicker ?
[ W ]e must avoid the temptation to further sacrifice Earth ’s already hugely depleted biodiversity for easy gains in food production , not only because biodiversity provides many of the public goods on which mankind relies but also because we do not have the right to deprive future generations of its economic and cultural benefits .
Together , these challenges amount to a perfect storm .
Navigating the storm will require a revolution in the social and natural sciences concerned with food production , as well as a breaking down of barriers between fields .
The goal is no longer simply to maximize productivity , but to optimize across a far more complex landscape of production , environmental , and social justice outcomes .
[ UPDATE , 2/12 ]
This edition of Science also contains an analysis by the State Department ’s Nina Fedoroff and 14 other authors , titled “ Radically Rethinking Agriculture for the 21st Century . ”
It centers on technological innovation , as well , including advancing agriculture in saline conditions and environmentally - sound aquaculture .
But its central take - home point is that society needs to reexamine its approach to genetically modified crops .
Here ’s the nut :
The world has consumed GM crops for 13 years without incident .
The first few GM crops that have been grown very widely , including insect - resistant and herbicide - tolerant corn , cotton , canola , and soybeans , have increased agricultural productivity and farmers ’ incomes .
They have also had environmental and health benefits , such as decreased use of pesticides and herbicides and increased use of no - till farming .
Despite the excellent safety and efficacy record of GM crops , regulatory policies remain almost as restrictive as they were when GM crops were first introduced .
In the United States , case - by - case review by at least two and sometimes three regulatory agencies ( USDA , EPA , and FDA ) is still commonly the rule rather than the exception .
Perhaps the most detrimental effect of this complex , costly , and time - intensive regulatory apparatus is the virtual exclusion of public - sector researchers from the use of molecular methods to improve crops for farmers .
As a result , there are still only a few GM crops , primarily those for which there is a large seed market , and the benefits of biotechnology have not been realized for the vast majority of food crops .
There ’ll be more here in coming months on other models for advancing agriculture without threatening the environment .
UPDATE 2 p.m. :
In a fresh strip , the cartoonist Marc Roberts tweaks both sides in the debate over genetics and crops , which has a habit of not staying centered on data .
( CNN ) --
A biology professor charged with killing three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville fatally shot her brother more than 23 years ago , but she and her mother claimed the shooting was accidental , according to documents released Sunday .
Amy Bishop Anderson was 19 when she fatally shot her brother , Seth , on December 6 , 1986 , in Braintree , Massachusetts , according to a Massachusetts State Police report released Sunday .
She was never charged in that shooting .
Anderson was charged this weekend with capital murder in Friday 's on - campus shooting deaths of her colleagues .
She could face the death penalty .
The state police report in the 1986 shooting , released by the office of U.S. Rep. Bill Delahunt , D - Massachusetts , gives an account similar to a Boston Globe story published on December 8 , 2008 .
Delahunt was district attorney at the time ; staffers said he was in the Middle East on Sunday and unable to comment on the case .
Earlier this weekend , Braintree police said records from that shooting were missing , and that the department 's log indicated the shooting was accidental .
However , Police Chief Paul Frazier said he did n't agree with the Globe 's account .
The Globe 's story stated that Anderson asked her mother how to unload a round from a 12 - gauge shotgun and that Anderson -- then known as Amy Bishop -- accidentally shot her brother while she was handling the weapon .
The article cited then - Police Chief John Polio as the source .
According to the state police report released Sunday , Braintree police told state police that " indications were that Amy Bishop had been attempting to manipulate the shotgun and had subsequently brought the gun downstairs in an attempt to gain assistance from her mother in disarming the weapon " when it went off , shooting her brother , Seth , in the chest .
But , Frazier said Saturday , " it is a far different story I believe than what was reported back then .
I cannot tell you what the thought process was behind our releasing her at the time . "
An officer then involved in the case who is still working for the department told him that Anderson shot her brother during an argument , Frazier said .
The officer said Anderson allegedly fired a shot in her bedroom without hitting anyone , argued with her brother , shot him and then fired another round in the home before fleeing , according to Frazier .
Frazier said the teen was arrested after pointing a weapon at a vehicle near the house in an attempt to get the driver to stop , but it drove on .
But during the booking process , then - Chief Polio called and told the officers to release her , Frazier said .
He said her mother was at the time a member of the Braintree Personnel Board .
In a telephone call with CNN , Polio , now 87 and retired , denied ever calling in the order .
He said detectives including lead investigator Capt .
Theodore Buker -- who has since died -- had interviewed Anderson and her mother , Judith , who is identified in the state police report as J. Bishop .
Buker told him that the shooting appeared accidental and the two men agreed she should be released to her mother , Polio said .
A request was then filed with Delahunt 's office to conduct an inquiry , but Delahunt never did so , he said .
The state police report , however , said that Buker met with a state police investigator and determined that " due to the testimony of the members of the Bishop family , and in particular the testimony of J. Bishop , relevant to the facts concerning the death of Seth Bishop that no further investigation ... was warranted , " the report concludes .
Seth Bishop 's death was listed as accidental and the investigation was concluded .
Delahunt spokesman Mark Forest told CNN the state police and medical examiner concluded the death was accidental , and an autopsy was also conducted .
" The investigative reports ... did not recommend any further action , " he said in an e-mail .
Those reports were turned over to state and local authorities , including the district attorney 's office , he said .
Anderson 's mother witnessed the shooting , the state police report said .
Investigators waited 11 days to interview Anderson and her parents because of their " highly emotional state " following the shooting , according to the report .
In the December 17 , 1986 , interview , Anderson told authorities she " thought it would be a good idea if she learned how to load the shotgun in the house , " according to the state police report .
The young woman told police she was concerned for her own safety after the family home was broken into , although she previously had been afraid of the gun .
She said she got the gun and loaded shells into it , but was unable to get them out .
Anderson said that while she was attempting to unload the weapon on her bed , it went off .
She then took it downstairs to ask for help in unloading it .
She asked her brother , she said , and he told her to point the gun up instead of carrying it beside her leg .
Her brother was walking across the kitchen between her and her mother , she said .
She started to raise the gun , and " someone said something to her , " she recalled in the report .
She turned and the gun went off .
" Amy thought that she had ruined the kitchen but was not aware of the fact that she had struck her brother , " the report said .
She fled , and told police she thought she had dropped the gun as she ran away .
" She can not recall anything else until she subsequently saw her mother at the police station , " the report said .
The report does not reference any other shots fired besides the one in Anderson 's bedroom and the shot that struck her brother .
Anderson 's father was not home at the time .
He told police he had had a disagreement with his daughter " about a comment she had made " before he left to go shopping .
He told police he had bought the shotgun about a year before the shooting , after the house had been broken into , and that he and his son belonged to a rifle club .
Anderson was not trained to use the gun , he said .
Anderson 's mother said that when her daughter came downstairs and asked for help in unloading the gun , she told her not to point it at anyone , and that her daughter turned and the gun went off .
The woman told police she did not hear the shotgun fire earlier in her daughter 's bedroom and " believed the house was relatively well soundproofed and that such a discharge would not necessarily be heard on another floor of the house . "
Polio acknowledged that an argument had occurred during the shooting and said that the other shots , including one fired into the ceiling , did not appear aimed at anyone .
He also recalled that Anderson had fled the scene .
But , he said , he could not remember what he had told the newspaper in reference to the case or why details , including the argument , were not reported .
He said Anderson 's mother had worked for the personnel board and at one point was assigned to the police department .
But he rejected as " laughable " any suggestions that the suspect 's mother might have influenced their handling of the case .
" There was no cover - up , " Polio said .
" Absolutely no cover - up and no missing records .
The records were all there when I left .
Where they went in the last 22 years and two police chiefs subsequent , I do n't know . "
Braintree Mayor Joseph Sullivan announced Sunday an effort to locate all materials associated with the shooting .
" The Braintree Police Department will conduct a thorough audit of all its records to identify if there were deficits in its past recordkeeping process , " Sullivan said .
" It is important to note that in 1986 , police records were created and maintained manually , which complicates their review and retrieval . "
The Braintree shooting resurfaced after Harvard - trained Anderson was charged in Friday 's shooting in Alabama .
Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes said Saturday that Anderson was attending a faculty meeting on the third floor of the sciences building Friday afternoon when she brandished a gun and shot six colleagues , killing three .
Anderson , a professor and researcher at the university and a mother of four , was arrested as she was leaving the building , Reyes told reporters Saturday .
He said a 9 mm handgun was recovered from the second floor of the building late Friday .
Madison County District Attorney Rob Broussard said officials were considering other charges , including attempted murder .
Authorities have not ruled out the possibility of other suspects in connection to the shooting .
Anderson , who is known to students as Dr. Bishop , had been working at the university since 2003 , and was up for tenure , according to spokesman Ray Garner .
However , authorities would n't discuss possible motives or whether the issue of tenure may have played a role in the shooting .
Garner told CNN that the university gives teachers six years to get tenure .
Those who do not get it are terminated , he said .
University President David Williams said a prayer service would be held on Sunday .
He said the campus would open next week for employees , but that there would be no classes .
Reached at the couple 's home , Jim Anderson told CNN that his wife has an attorney whom he would not identify .
He described her as a good teacher .
CNN 's Alona Rivord , Aaron Cooper , Khadijah Rentas and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .
Try Haskell in your browser !
An interactive tutorial by Chris Done
CLAIMS swine flu is a " false pandemic " and " a campaign of panic " being used to create a huge market for vaccines are " historically and medically inaccurate " , Australia 's top medical official says .
Wolfgang Wodarg , head of health at the Council of Europe , has claimed major firms organised a " campaign of panic " to put pressure on the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) to declare a pandemic , UK tabloid The Sun reports .
Dr Wodarg is calling for an inquiry into what he calls a " medical scandal " .
However Australia 's Chief Medical Officer , Professor Jim Bishop , today strongly rejected the accusations .
" The recognition and declaration of a pandemic by the World Health Organiaation occurred in response to cases and deaths in Mexico and the USA not because of drug companies input or influence , " Prof Bishop said .
Prof Bishop also refuted claims by Dr Wodarg that swine flu : " Was a normal kind of flu .
It does not cause a tenth of deaths caused by the classic seasonal flu . "
" Swine flu is similar to ordinary flu but with some dangerous differences , " Prof Bishop said .
" Swine flu affected a much younger age group .
" The median age of all Australian hospitalisations from swine flu was just 31 years .
" The median age of Intensive Care Units ( ICU ) admissions was 40 years and the media age of deaths in Australia was 48 years .
" This is 35 years younger than the median age of death from standard winter flu in Australia is 83 years .
" We also saw a sharp increase in the number of people , particualrly younger people who had to be admitted to ICUs . "
In an interview with France 's L'Humanite on Sunday , Dr Wodarg also raised concerns about the swift release of swine flu vaccines .
" The vaccines were developed too quickly .
Some ingredients were insufficiently tested , " Dr Wodarg said .
" The development of a swine flu vaccine was not rushed , " Prof Bishop said in reply .
" In Australia the vaccine has gone through a rigorous safety assessment by the Therapeutic Goods Administration .
" The safety profile of the Australian CSL vaccine is very well established from clinical trials and world wide use with millions of doses being safely administered . "
The Federal Government has purchased 21 million doses of swine flu vaccine .
The Department of Health and Ageing is encouraging everyone from 6 months upwards to be vaccinated free of charge before swine flu comes back next year .
The WHO recently reaffirmed its stance that the pandemic is not over .
However , the number of swine flu deaths is dramatically lower than expected .
To read more go to The Sun
Hasbara author David Aaronovitch is pretty much unstoppable .
The man who together with the Jewish Chronicle writer Nick Cohen encouraged the war in Iraq , is now warning us about the evolving Iranian bomb .
“ Wake up ” , he urges us in The Times , “ this threat is too big to ignore ” .
As if more than one million Iraqis killed in a war he advocated were not enough , the enthusiastic Hasbara author has a new conflict to propel .
Aaronovitch , who back in 2003 was mobilized by an imaginary threat that was crudely forged by Blair & Co , seems to be shaken again .
This time it is the Iranian nuclear threat .
“ Most experts seem to agree , training the steed is mostly a matter of time . ”
There is something Aaronovitch is failing to mention .
The state that lists him as its ‘ Hasbara author ’ , the state that was recently found complicit in some colossal crimes against humanity , evidently possesses hundreds of nuclear bombs that has kept the entire region in constant red alert for more than four decades .
The Jewish state has not signed the non-proliferation treaty and does not let any IAEA inspectors into its nuclear facilities .
Aaronovitch is worried because “ there are suggestions from different sources that Iran is indeed researching a weapons capability . ”
I would ask Aaronovitch , or any other Hasbara operator , to come with an answer to this rather pertinent question : why should n’t they ?
Iran is threatened by Israel , America and the West on a daily basis .
Unlike Israel , a nation spiritually guided by suicidal biblical and historical narratives such as Samson and Masada , Iran ’s military nuclear project can only be realised as a defensive one .
Iran needs its bombs to deter Israel , America and Britain .
Iran is not going to launch a nuclear attack against Israel risking the life of millions of Muslims in the region .
It has no reason to do so and it wo n’t .
For Iran and every other state in the region , except Israel , nuclear weapons can only be understood as a means of defence and deterrence .
I would even take it further and suggest that if Iraq had the arsenal of WMD Blair and Bush claimed it possessed , British and American high commanders would have thought twice before sending their soldiers into the Iraqi desert .
Aaronovitch may have learned something though .
As yet , he is reluctant to encourage our generals to open a new front .
He has a ‘ peaceful ’ solution to offer .
He wants to unite the nations to take care of his interests .
“ There is still one possibility that could rule out both military action and the spectre of the Guard Bomb ” , says the dubious Hasbara man .
“ That one possibility is united in international action to impose targeted sanctions on the Revolutionary Guard and their political backers , and on the nuclear programme .
It would mean agreement by the Russians , the Chinese , the Germans , the French , the Americans and us to occupy a single position . ”
I once read about a well known Muslim leader who blamed the Jews for “ ruling the world by proxy ” .
He was denounced as an anti Semite and as a conspiracist .
As if to prove the Muslim leader right , Aaronovitch clearly expects , once again that the leading powers will restrain the ‘ enemy of Israel ’ .
“ Otherwise ” , says Aaronovitch , “ we could find ourselves facing some great terrible future Chilcot inquiry in which we seek to answer how it was that we failed to stop the last , worst Middle East war . ”
It is almost amusing to read Aaronovitch attempting to reinvent himself as an ‘ anti war ’ peace campaigner .
But actually , I think that the Chilcot inquiry ’s authority should be extended so it can investigate how come an Israeli Hasbara author is allowed to promote foreign interests in our midst .
Whether Iran is aiming towards a nuclear military capability is obviously beyond me .
However , after reading Aaronovitch , it should .
Iran must produce a bomb as soon as possible .
Deterring the Jewish state and its allies is the only key to peace in the Middle East .
Sadly it is the only language that is understood .
DigiProtect has shot itself and its business model in the foot during a recent court hearing .
The notorious anti-piracy outfit refused to open its books for scrutiny during a case where it claimed compensation against a file - sharer .
The judge consequently ruled that the defendant did n't have to pay the majority of the claim against him .
DigiProtect is a controversial anti-piracy company which also acts as a copyright holder in order to ease civil claims against alleged file - sharers in several countries across Europe .
They track IP addresses on popular file - sharing networks , obtain the identities behind them and demand cash settlements .
A ruling by a court in Frankfurt on January 29th could now have put DigiProtect ’s “ Turn Piracy Into Profit ” mass - warning business model into jeopardy .
An individual was sent a letter by the lawyer Udo Kornmeier on behalf of DigiProtect .
The letter contained accusations of illicit file - sharing including a customary cash payment demand of around 651 euros to cover legal costs based on an infringement claim of 10,000 euros .
It was accompanied by a demand to pay a further 150 euros in order to acquire a license from the copyright holder for the material downloaded .
While the file - sharer did n’t contest the 150 euro license fee , he refused to pay the 651 euros legal bill .
DigiProtect ’s lawyers countered with an offer for him to pay 450 euros plus the 150 euros license fee .
Again the file - sharer rejected the offer .
DigiProtect then went on to sue the man for 651.80 euros and the case went to court .
In court the judge asked DigiProtect and its lawyers to open up their books to show what legal costs were actually incurred ( and paid ) to perform legal actions against the file - sharer and send him the letters .
Both DigiProtect and their lawyer refused to submit the information .
During the hearing the judge discovered that the relationship between DigiProtect and its lawyers was covered by an agreement similar to the one it had previously with lawyers Davenport Lyons for their UK operations .
The details of that arrangement were leaked out last year by a disgruntled insider and revealed some embarrassing truths about the operation .
DigiProtect and its German lawyer refused to allow the agreement between them to be shown in court which meant that the true costs of pursuing the file - sharer remained unproven .
The judge said that even if DigiProtect had paid 651.80 euros to its lawyers to pursue the file - sharer , these cannot be considered as involuntary damages since DigiProtect paid this fee to its lawyer voluntarily .
Therefore the only involuntary damages in this case was the 150 euros rights holder licensing fee .
Due to this lack of transparency , the judge decided that the file - sharer did not have to pay DigiProtect the claimed 651.80 euros legal action costs , only the 150 euros licensing fee .
Clearly , if the lawyers ca n’t get their sizable share of the spoils in this “ Turn Piracy Into Profit ” operation , the whole business plan falls down .
There was certainly no profit to be made from this file - sharer – time will tell if this effect ripples on to other cases .
More seniors are toking up .
It can sure help with back pain and other ailments of getting older .
Joe Klein thinks that we " are in the process of a back - door legalization , sweeping from the libertarian west to the east . "
I watched Bill Maher 's new stand - up the other night .
I love the idea that marijuana use is one dividing line between free societies and Islamist ones :
" I want to live in a country where being stoned is a good thing , not a bad thing . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Scottish brewery is trying to wrest the distinction of making the world 's strongest beer from a German rival by launching a 41 % ABV ale called Sink The Bismarck !
According to the Aberdeenshire - based firm BrewDog , the IPA " takes beer to a whole new level " .
Its launch comes weeks after German brewer Schorschbrau released a 40 % strength Schorschbock .
Sink The Bismarck !
costs £ 40 for a 330 ml bottle and will only be sold through Brewdog 's website .
The firm drew criticism from industry watchdog the Portman Group last year for its 32 % strength beer , Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
Topics
Friday , February 19 , 2010 at 7:41AM
If Twitter is the “ nervous system of the web ” as some people think , then what is the brain that makes sense of all those signals ( tweets ) from the nervous system ?
That brain is the Twitter Analytics System and Kevin Weil , as Analytics Lead at Twitter , is the homunculus within in charge of figuring out what those over 100 billion tweets ( approximately the number of neurons in the human brain ) mean .
Twitter has only 10 % of the expected 100 billion tweets now , but a good brain always plans ahead .
Kevin gave a talk , Hadoop and Protocol Buffers at Twitter , at the Hadoop Meetup , explaining how Twitter plans to use all that data to an answer key business questions .
What type of questions is Twitter interested in answering ?
Questions that help them better understand Twitter .
Questions like :
How many requests do we serve in a day ?
What is the average latency ?
How many searches happen in day ?
How many unique queries , how many unique users , what is their geographic distribution ?
What can we tell about as user from their tweets ?
Who retweets more ?
How does usage differ for mobile users ?
What went wrong at the same time ?
Which features get users hooked ?
What is a user ’s reputation ?
How deep do retweets go ?
Which new features worked ?
And many many more .
The questions help them understand Twitter , their analytics system helps them get the answers faster .
Hadoop and Pig are Used for Analysis
Any question you can think of requires analyzing big data for answers .
100 billion is a lot of tweets .
That ’s why Twitter uses Hadoop and Pig as their analysis platform .
Hadoop provides : key - value storage on a distributed file system , horizontal scalability , fault tolerance , and map - reduce for computation .
Pig is a query a mechanism that makes it possible to write complex queries on top of Hadoop .
Saying you are using Hadoop is really just the beginning of the story .
The rest of the story is what is the best way to use Hadoop ?
For example , how do you store data in Hadoop ?
This may seem an odd question , but the answer has big consequences .
In a relational database you do n’t store the data , the database stores you , er , it stores the data for you .
APIs move that data around in a row format .
Not so with Hadoop .
Hadoop ’s key - value model means it ’s up to you how data is stored .
Your choice has a lot to do with performance , how much data can be stored , and how agile you can be in reacting to future changes .
Each tweet has 12 fields , 3 of which have sub structure , and the fields can and will change over time as new features are added .
What is the best way to store this data ?
Data is Stored in Protocol Buffers to Keep it Efficient and Flexible
Twitter considered CSV , XML , JSON , and Protocol Buffers as possible storage formats .
Protocol Buffer is a way of encoding structured data in an efficient yet extensible format .
Google uses Protocol Buffers for almost all of its internal RPC protocols and file formats .
BSON ( binary JSON ) was not evaluated , but would probably not work because it does n’t have an IDL ( interface definition language . )
Avro is one potential option that they ’ll look into in the future .
An evaluation matrix was created which declared Protocol Buffers the winner .
Protocol Buffers won because it allows data to be split across different nodes ; it is reusable for data other than just tweets ( logs , file storage , RPC , etc ) ; it parses efficiently ; fields can be added , changed , and deleted without having to change deployed code ; the encoding is small ; it supports hierarchical relationships .
All the other options failed one or more of these criteria .
IDL Used for Codegen
Surprisingly efficiency , flexibility and other sacred geek metrics were not the only reason Twitter liked Protocol Buffers .
What is often considered a weakness , Protocol Buffer ’s use of an IDL to describe data structures , is actually considered a big win by Twitter .
Having to define data structure IDL is often seen as a useless waste of time .
But from the IDL they generate , as part of the build process , all Hadoop related code : Protocol Buffer InoutFOrmats , OutputFormats , Writables , Pig LoadFuncs , Pig StoreFuncs , and more .
All the code that once was written by hand for each new data structure is now simply auto generated from the IDL .
This saves ton of effort and the code is much less buggy .
IDL actually saves time .
At one point model driven auto generation was a common tactic on many projects .
Then fashion moved to hand generating everything .
Codegen it seems was n't agile enough .
Once you hand generate everything you start really worrying about the verbosity of your language , which moved everyone to more dynamic languages , and ironically DSLs were still often listed as an advantage of languages like Ruby .
Another consequence of hand coding was the framework of the weekitis .
Frameworks help blunt the damage caused by thinking everything must be written from scratch .
It ’s good to see code generation coming into fashion again .
There ’s a lot of power in using a declarative specification and then writing highly efficient , system specific code generators .
Data structures are the low hanging fruit , but it ’s also possible to automate larger more complex processes .
Overall it was a very interesting and useful talk .
I like seeing the careful evaluation of different options based on knowing what you want and why .
It 's refreshing to see how these smart choices can synergize and make a better and more stable system .
Related Articles
A while ago , Giovanni Venturi interviewed Marco Martin for an Italian KDE blog ( so if you read Italian , please see there for the authentic version ) .
For our Italian - challenged readers , we are pleased to present an English translation below .
Marco " Notmart " Martin is of course well known as one of the primary developers of the new Plasma Netbook workspace and for his habit of teasing us via his blog with news of new features for the X+1 release of our Software Compilation just before version X is released ...
Hello Marco , can you introduce yourself to our readers ?
Marco Martin Marco Martin
ok : )
My name is Marco Martin , I 'm 28 years old , I live near Turin and I finished university about a year ago .
I 've started contributing to KDE in 2007 , when I got fascinated by the potential of Plasma .
At the moment I am lucky enough to be sponsored by Nokia to work on KDE and , in particular , on the Plasma Netbook project .
When did you first use KDE software ?
I think it was about 2000 - 2001 , I just started using Linux .
I considered the environment that was installed by default on the Red Hat version of that time ( was about 6.0 , 6.2 ? ) really not so pretty ( it was a weird mix of GNOME 1.x and Enlightenment ) and I was looking for something better .
Then I saw some beta of KDE 2.0 , and never looked back :) .
What part of KDE development are you involved in ?
I mostly work in the Plasma team , on the library and on the main workspaces : Plasma Desktop and Plasma Netbook .
Plasma Netbook is a primary user interface ( in simple terms this is what is always visible or always reachable , no matter what you are doing with your device right now ) specifically designed for small screen devices , but with traditional input methods such as keyboard , mice and touchpads .
So it is ideal for devices like netbooks , but lately we are doing work specifically for touchscreens .
This means that we will be able to share some functionality with potential future workspaces : Plasma Mobile , Plasma Tablet or whatever .
We think that a device like a netbook needs a different kind of user interface , because besides having different hardware specifications , the use case is pretty different too .
While a normal desktop and laptops are " general purpose " machines , used or both " creating " and " consuming " content ( with a strong accent on multitasking ) , a netbook - or more and more an even smaller mobile device - excels as a viewing tool for web resources , multimedia and so on .
This is why the first thing you see is a full screen launcher and there are those " pages " of widgets ; they give information , often from online sources , in the fastest way possible .
In some cases they can avoid you having to open the web browser to look up some particular information .
I think I 've been talking enough on this topic now :) .
If you want more , watch this video on Youtube to get a better idea of the end result .
What are the missing items in KDE software that you think we should develop ?
KDE is full of elements that have enormous potential , some of them are coming to fruition just now , some still need work , but there is progress indeed .
I can try to recap some of what I think will be important points ...
What will be really important are tools for content creation , for creation of any kind of file , permitting users to do any kind of work with applications using the KDE framework .
KOffice applications play a really important role .
On a similar level an independent application like KDEnlive ( and I hope many others soon ) are also very important .
Another really important aspect is how much our tools can become " online " .
We can express this in a sentence full of buzzwords like " surviving in the web2.0 era " .
It sounds cheesy but gives the idea .
So not only is it important to have a good web browser ( a component that unfortunately lags a bit behind right now ) but also tools that can free certain tasks from the web browser , offering a rich user interface far better than anything a web UI can offer right now .
An example ?
Blogilo .
I would like to see many more applications like that .
What are the KDE applications that are doing a very good job ?
And what needs lots of love and help ?
Perhaps this is a bit of self - praise ( but is mostly a praise of the other wonderful team members , really ;) ) but I think that the workspace ( so Plasma and KWin ) is doing a pretty good job .
It has been hard , because at the beginning of the 4.x lifetime there was still too much work to do , but now I think it 's starting to give results .
Similarly , for KDE PIM , lately it has gotten way better , and will be noticeable especially in SC 4.5 , when Akonadi will be really put into use .
What needs help ... as I was saying it 's vital we will have again a web browser that is the best , KOffice is of vital importance too .
Its team is doing a wonderful job and the next months / years will be crucial .
What 's been your main effort for Software Compilation 4.4 ?
What 's the big news compared to 4.3 ?
Have you got plans for 4.5 ?
Search and Launch in Plasma Netbook Search and Launch in Plasma Netbook
In SC 4.4 I mostly worked on the various parts of Plasma .
What is more visible of course is the new Plasma Netbook workspace ( of course made possible with the help of various Plasma team members ) .
Another thing that I consider really important is the progress on the new specification ( and implementation ) for the System Tray .
It will permit to go beyond the limits the current specification has and will have also possibilities for better integration with applications written in other toolkits ( Ubuntu already adopted the spec ) .
Speaking of 4.5 , probably in Plasma there will be less big visible changes , but more refinements .
Some features started in 4.4 will be brought in their full potential ( there will be a whole new activity manager for instance ) .
One of the most important things will be refinements in terms of stability and performance .
What do you think of KDE on Windows and MacOS X ?
Can we have more KDE users in this way ?
I think it 's really important from a technical standpoint because it helps us to write code that is as platform independent as possible .
Even if the Linux platform is my favorite , it is also important from a strategical standpoint - especially in an enterprise environment - for us to provide a homogeneous set of software in a mixed environment .
Are you working with Nokia ?
Do they pay you to develop for KDE too ?
What did you do and what are you doing now for Qt ?
Yes , I work for Nokia ( in particular for Qt Development Frameworks ) .
The job is to work specifically on Plasma technology , in particular the Plasma Netbook workspace .
The goal was to develop a GUI optimized for a netbook in the least time possible , and I 'm thankful they gave me this opportunity .
For them I 've also done some technical demos on the multitouch capabilities of Qt 4.6 , like you can watch on YouTube .
When people talk about deploying a product on more than one platform they often think of Java , but Qt software has a lot of features and is multiplatform too .
Now with the version 4.6 we have Qt for Symbian OS too .
Can you give us some differences between them ?
In which case can you use Qt and which one Java ?
Java is a programming language , but also a whole environment with a virtual machine .
A Java program is not compiled as a native executable , but in a bytecode that has to be interpreted .
So if a program is properly written , it will be able to run on any platform where a Java interpreter is available , but this comes with a price on performance and you 're limited to its language ( even if some experimental compiler for other languages exist ) .
Dubbione di Pinasca , near Turin Dubbione di Pinasca , near Turin
Qt is a set of C++ libraries that attempts to expose platform - dependent functionality as little as possible .
So a program using Qt ( and possibly other multiplatform libraries ) can be compiled on all platforms supported by Qt with minimal changes .
It also has some good quality bindings to other languages , so you 're not limited to C ++.
For C++ applications it is necessary to recompile the sources on every platform , but you 'll have a native executable , so it will be faster and more integrated .
What motivates / keeps you motivated to work on KDE ?
One thing is its impressive technology , but this would never be enough by itself .
The thing that motivates me more is its community .
KDE is full of fantastic people , many of whom I can call friends right now .
The sense of community and friendship within KDE is unrivaled .
A simple example can be Camp KDE 2010 which was held in January in San Diego , California .
I had never traveled so long before , and if one thinks about it for a second it is very impressive that you can be sure that - even if you are on the other side of the world - you 'll find friends .
No matter if they belong to a different culture , no matter if you only met them on IRC before , you can be sure they will be people with whom you 'll have a certain " feeling " ( even if you wo n't always agree :) ) and with whom you 'll share an important passion .
If you could choose where you can live what place you will choose and why ?
This is a difficult question :)
I love where I live now ( a little village near Turin ) even if I find it quite limited and I would like something different , but in the end home sweet home right ? :)
What 's been the last book you read ?
At the moment I 'm reading " An earth gone mad " by Robert Dee , on an old Italian book series called " Urania " ( that every Italian geek should know : D ) , I love old sci - fi stories from 60's or so , especially if forgotten and unknown ( and often honestly really bad ; p )
Marco , thank you for your time and good luck with KDE development .
The Department of Energy and IBM are serious about developing lithium air batteries capable of powering a car for 500 miles on a single charge - a five - fold increase over current plug - in batteries that have a range of about 40 to 100 miles , the DOE said .
The agency said 24 million hours of supercomputing time out of a total of 1.6 billion available hours at Argonne and Oak Ridge National Laboratories will be used by IBM and a team of researchers from those labs and Vanderbilt University to design new materials required for a lithium air battery .
The calculations will be performed at Oak Ridge and Argonne , which house two of the world 's top ten fastest computers , the group said .
Layer 8 Extra :
Seven advanced car technologies the government wants now
What are the 14 greatest engineering challenges for the 21st century ?
IBM is a big proponent of the oft - controversial lithium - air battery .
The controversy surrounds the fact that they tend to be expensive and use an energy - dense , highly flammable metal , to react with the readily available oxygen in the air .
According to IBM : " Because they use air that 's pulled into the battery as needed , rather than store a second reactant inside the cell , lithium - air batteries could have an energy density of more than 5,000 watt - hours per kilogram ( Wh/kg ) .
That 's ten times the energy available from the top lithium - ion batteries today , and begins to get closer to the 13,200 Wh/kg energy density of gasoline . "
In its DOE supercomputer research proposal IBM said that the " exciting proof - of - principle work still presents very big scientific challenges before one can be confident that practical propulsion batteries can be based on the Li / Air system .
The most important ones are to realize a high percentage of the theoretical energy density , to improve electrical efficiency of recharging , to increase the number of times the battery can be cycled , to limit the negative effects of moisture in the air , and to improve the power density .
To this end , our research project is focused on understanding ( 1 ) the mechanisms of Lithium / Air cell discharge and recharge reactions , ( 2 ) the role and selection of catalyst and cathode surface properties , ( 3 ) the solubility of lithium ion and lithium oxides and optimization of electrolyte , and ( 4 ) the reactions occurring at the electrode - electrolyte interface . "
" The obstacles to Li-air batteries becoming a viable technology are formidable , but the modeling and simulation capabilities of DOE 's supercomputers will help us accelerate the innovations required in materials science , chemistry and engineering , " said Argonne Director Eric Isaacs in a statement .
The Lithium - air work is part of the DOE's Innovative and Novel Computational Impact on Theory and Experiment ( INCITE ) program , that doles out computer resources to let scientists and engineers conduct cutting - edge research in weeks or months rather than the years .
INCITE awards given out this week include research in :
Energy , including advanced systems for fusion energy and nuclear power , and improving combustion to increase efficiency and reduce emissions to develop safe and renewable energy
Environment , highlighting research into carbon sequestration , developing better insight of natural phenomena like earthquakes and hurricanes , and developing near - zero- emissions combustion devices
Climate change , featuring projects to improve climate models , understand global warming , study the effects of turbulence in oceans , and simulate clouds on a global scale
Biology , including understanding protein membranes to improve drug discovery , diagnostics and better treatment of diseases .
Layer 8 in a box
Check out these other hot stories :
NASA test drives all - composite prototype spacecraft
NASA Mars Rover Spirit ends one mission to start another
How will NASA defend Earth against killer asteroids and comets ?
NASA Mars rover Opportunity grinds " cool " rock
Military wants protection from laser weapons
NASA wants your Mars photo target ideas
Brain drain ; admin failures threaten FCC role
FBI flashes Big Apple with criminals on Times Square billboard
DARPA wants crowdsourcing applications to fly small satellites
US preps cyber outfit to protect national electric grid
Open source tool , algorithm aim to slash software errors
As a family physician for 30 years , I have seen a medical care system broken .
There are many , many causes , but one is the failure to use the largest pool of patients available , the entire country , to set rates .
Medicare operates far more efficiently that private insurers .
Let it be the model for single payer .
Dr. Kris Parnicky Ann Arbor
Ottawa goalie Brian Elliott made the most of his playing time last week , earning himself NHL First Star of the Week honors .
The NHL has updated its Privacy Policy effective January 16 , 2020 .
We encourage you to review it carefully .
The NHL uses cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies .
By using NHL websites or other online services , you consent to the practices described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service , including our Cookie Policy .
Need a little valentine for that gory girl or guy in your life ?
How about give them something they can tear into and taste sweet blood as it runs down their chin ?
Think Geek is now selling the Giant Bleeding Heart Gummy Candy just in time for valentines .
Just dump the blood inside and go nuts .
[ Via Think Geek ]
To most NFL fans , the term Wildcat conjures up an image of a running back receiving the snap .
Whether or not this lends an element of diversity to a team ’s attack is debatable .
More certain are the formation ’s implications to the offensive coordinator : that during running plays his team is no longer at a numerical disadvantage to the defense .
Usually when a quarterback hands off , he proceeds to take himself out of the mix , thus leaving the offense with but 10 players matched up against the defense ’s 11 .
The Wildcat , in contrast , provides a contingency blocker .
In any event , like many “ innovations ” in sport ( as well as art and fashion ) , the Wildcat is actually a homage to the past — in football ’s case , the venerable single - wing .
Even before the single - wing , there was punting , which is at least 100 years old .
Can punting have outlived its usefulness ?
Shortly after Bill Belichick decided against punting — to disastrous effect — on fourth and two with two minutes left in the Patriots - Colts game November 15 , this 2008 article on HighSchool .
Rivals.com resurfaced :
Kevin Kelley decided to flip football convention on its head after Pulaski ( Ark. )
Academy ’s second game of the 2007 season .
Never a fan of taking his offense off the field , the coach became miffed when his Bruins punted .
. . only to see Pulaski allow an 80 - yard touchdown on the return . …
As a result , [ Kelley ’s ] 2008 team did not punt during 14 games .
Such an unorthodox strategy may seem like lunacy , but it was successful : Pulaski won the 5A state title .
Author Jeff Fedotin expands on Coach Kelley ’s reasoning :
Keeping the offense on the field on fourth down allows for more creative play - calling .
Third - and - long does not have to be a passing down .
[ Pulaski ] can run the ball , throw a screen pass or use any number of formations .
Defenses do not know whether to use a nickel or dime defense .
And Pulaski ’s offense has less pressure on third down .
What ’s more .
. .
The Bruins even avoid punting when the defense has stopped them inside their own 10 - yard line .
“ You can just tell people are in the stands thinking , ‘ You ’re an idiot , ' ” Kelley said .
It may not be the NFL or college , but high - school football coaches are subject to scrutiny , too .
But Coach Kelley supported “ this rationale with numbers analysis . ”
Even at the simplest level , the stats make the no-punt policy intriguing .
According to TeamRankings.com , the worst NFL team averages 4.5 yards a play .
Skewed by long pass completions , averaging might be less useful than a median .
Still , using all four downs , as Kelley was , means that your offense need only average 2.5 yards per play !
Even the Cleveland Browns — proud owner of the 4.5 average above — can handle that .
Besides , punting runs counter to our competitive instincts .
Remember when you first played backyard football ?
( I know , I ’m dating myself .
I ca n’t remember the last time I saw kids play a pick - up game . )
Most likely , come fourth down , forget punting , you were hell - bent on going for it .
After all , you only had four chances to make a fourth down .
What red - blooded kid would forfeit one ?
To put it another way , offense in football is the equivalent of batting in baseball .
Punting then is something like leaving the batter ’s box after two strikes .
Imagine baseball ’s coaching tradition calling for this :
There ’s a man ( or three ) on base .
The batter has just been called for his second strike .
But said conventional thinking on the part of the manager decrees that the batter must forfeit his remaining chances to hit the ball or draw a walk .
Why ?
Out of fear that the batter has sufficiently tempted fate and might now hit into a double play .
Bottom line : Everybody wants their cuts and the fourth down is like one last pitch to swing at .
A no-punt policy also bears a resemblance to the full - court press in basketball , which is also all about maximizing the opportunities afforded you .
In May of 2009 , Malcolm Gladwell wrote a New Yorker piece entitled How David Beats Goliath : How underdogs can win .
Before turning his attention to press - master Rick Pitino , he tells the story of Indian Vivek Ranadivé who decided to coach his 12 - year - old daughter Anjali ’s basketball team .
New to basketball , Ranadivé was puzzled .
A basketball court was ninety - four feet long .
But most of the time a team defended only about twenty - four feet of that , conceding the other seventy feet .
Occasionally , teams would play a full - court press — that is , they would contest their opponent ’s attempt to advance the ball up the court .
But they would do it for only a few minutes at a time .
It was as if there were a kind of conspiracy in the basketball world about the way the game ought to be played , and Ranadivé thought that that conspiracy had the effect of widening the gap between good teams and weak teams .
Good teams , after all , had players who were tall and could dribble and shoot well ; they could crisply execute their carefully prepared plays in their opponent ’s end .
Why , then , did weak teams play in a way that made it easy for good teams to do the very things that made them so good ?
He decided that “ his team would play a real full - court press , every game , all the time .
The team ended up at the national championships . ”
Playing Archetypal Football
If the Wildcat , the full - court press , and the no-punt policy represent outside - the - box thinking when it comes to sports , this next concept harkens back to a time when boxes did n’t even exist — before , even , the wheel was invented .
In fact , it requires that we connect with the archetype upon which football ( near as I can tell ) is based .
Doubtless this story was n’t consciously adapted to football , but sprung forth spontaneously from the collective unconscious of those who drew up the game .
Come to think of it , when it comes to men pitting themselves against each other , maybe it was the only story going .
Imagine a war party has gone out on a raid .
It successfully snatches a chalice or some holy artifact of disputed provenance and then endeavors to transport it back behind its own lines .
Naturally , its enemy takes off in hot pursuit .
In order to retrieve its purloined treasure , the enemy employs two tactics .
One , it attempts to defeat the war party and two , it dispatches brave warriors to zero in on the treasure itself .
Note that the second tactic ’s success would obviate the need to consummate the first .
Applied to football , this story suggests that it implores modern coaches to keep their eye on what football is really about : the ball .
As a prelude to my proposal , which concerns possession of said ball , is n’t it time we stopped calling a fumble a fumble ?
At this late stage in NFL history , why continue to lay the blame for a lost ball at the offensive player ’s feet , er , hands ?
Assuming , that is , he does n’t just cough it up .
Today ’s fumble is less a mistake by the offense than a successful foray on the part of the defense ( or a commando raid ) .
Just try to imagine what it ’s like struggling to retain your grip on a ball while players with biceps the circumference of a tree limb are trying to pry it away from you .
Instead of charging the offense with a fumble or crediting the defense with nothing more glamorous than a fumble recovery , why not award the defensive player with a “ strip ” ?
Which brings me to my proposal : More and more , today ’s defenses are urged to go for the ball ( while , concomitantly , tackling fundamentals erode ) .
Then why not worry less about halting the progress of the offense — including the player in possession of the ball — and , to the extent that it ’s practicable , focus entirely on wresting the football from the possession of the offense ?
Wait , is n’t stripping the ball a gamble ?
Perhaps , but the odds of success are sure to increase with reps .
The particulars of this stratagem ?
When a back begins his run , forget about tackling him and go straight for the ball .
Sure , he ’ll continue to move forward and gain more yards .
But his progress will be slowed and the rest of the defense will descend on him to assist in prying the ball loose .
Either the ball will be sprung free or the runner will be slowed to a halt , if after a sizeable gain .
In fact , to keep from losing the ball , he may go down on his own .
The defense may give up what once seemed like precious yardage , but it pales compared to the possibility of rescuing the precious treasure from the infidels .
Of course , at times , such as when a runner manages to break away or after a long pass completion , thoughts of stripping the ball need to be put aside and the offensive player just needs to be brought down .
As an added bonus , stripping the ball instead of wholesale tackling saves your defense wear and tear , leaving it better equipped to avoid injury .
It might take a few seasons for a coach to achieve success with this stratagem , but if he commits his team to it , the tide might turn dramatically in his offense ’s favor , as with a full - court press or even a running strategy in basketball .
Oh , and the football ?
It should be died gold to remind players of its value .
as the plane neared its destination of Detroit , Michigan , he heard a pop that sounded like a firecracker going off , and someone started yelling : " Fire ! Fire ! "
" Around 30 seconds later the smoke started to fill up on the left side beneath this person , " he said .
" I basically reacted directly .
I did n't think . "
He jumped over the passenger next to him and lunged over Abdulmutallab 's seat , " Because I was thinking he 's trying to blow up the plane , and I was trying to search his body for any explosives . "
" I pulled the object from him and tried to extinguish the fire with my hands and threw it away , "
" Just to be sure I grabbed him with another attendant and we took him to first class and there we stripped him and contained him with handcuffs and we made sure he had no more weapons , no more bombs on him . "
" The whole plane was screaming .
The suspect , he did n't say a word . "
Schuringa said other passengers applauded as he walked back to his seat .
" We tell the American people that since you support the leaders who kill our women and children ... we have come to slaughter you ( and ) will strike you with no previous ( warning ) , our vengeance is near , " the statement said
Yemen seizes ' Israel - linked ' cell
Tuesday , 7 October 2008
BBC News
Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has said the security forces have arrested a group of alleged Islamist militants linked to Israeli intelligence .
Mr Saleh did not say what evidence had been found to show the group 's links with Israel , a regional enemy of Yemen .
The arrests were connected with an attack on the US embassy in Sanaa last month which killed at least 18 people , official sources were quoted saying .
Israel 's foreign ministry has rejected the accusation as " totally ridiculous " .
" A terrorist cell was arrested and will be referred to the judicial authorities for its links with the Israeli intelligence services , " Mr Saleh told a gathering at al - Mukalla University in Hadramawt province .
" Details of the trial will be announced later .
You will hear about what goes on in the proceedings , " he added .
The 17 September attack was the second to target the US embassy since April .
Militants detonated car bombs before firing rockets at the heavily fortified building .
Mr Saleh did not identify the suspects , but official sources were quoted saying it was the same cell - led by a militant called Abu al - Ghaith al - Yamani - whose arrest was announced a week after the attack .
Yemen oil majors mull investments
Yemen 's Ministry for Oil and Mineral Resources has received eight oil investment bids from international companies , pan -Arab daily al - Hayat quoted Aidarous as saying , four of which were from oil majors seeking direct negotiations with Yemen .
The companies include Exxon Mobil , Total , and BP , the minister said , but did not elaborate on the nature of the investments .
1
2
3
14
5
conducted a careful and comprehensive investigation including the sworn statements of a dozen soldiers and officers detailing murder and robbery of local Arabs .
A single soldier admitted shooting dead five unarmed Arab civilians in different incidents .
Several others said they used morphine injections to kill captives .
Others claimed to be witnesses to the bayonetting to death of a Arab teenager whose only crime was to be found in a cafe after curfew .
6
Notes
Glen Balfour - Paul , The End of Empire in the Middle East , Cambridge 1991 , p.67 Joseph Kostiner , The Struggle for South Yemen , London 1984 , p. 53 John Newsinger , British Counter - Insurgency , Palgrave 2002 , p. 117 Stephen Harper , Last Sunset , London 1978 , p. 85 Tony Geraghty , Who Dares Wins , London 1992 , p. 400-403 David Ledger , Shifting Sands : British in South Arabia 1981 , Peninsular
Strange as it may seem , a couple of weeks ago as I ruminated on Obama 's broken promise to bring the troops home , his attempt to out - warmonger the Bush administration and his plummeting popularity , I thought to myself : " ya know , what that guy ( or rather the disgruntled US public ) needs is a good old fashioned ' Muslim terror attack ' .
Preferably one that includes a ranting ' terrorist ' message about Afghanistan and ' slaughtering infidels ' .
That 'll soon silence the rabble and get them behind Obama 's Afghan surge !
" And so it was that , as I sipped my eggnog on Christmas day , I was shockingly unsurprised to read the headlines about an ' underwear bomb ' ( as shown above ) .
To adequately address the recent airline " terror attack " in Detroit and the airborne terror attacks in Yemen we must delve into the topsy turvey world of the ' war on terror ' , where black is white , up is down , and shady Middle Eastern - looking men and your knickers share equal rating on the US DHS threat - o - meter .
In short , it 's no easy task .
So first of all , let me say a few words about airports and the old and new airport " security measures " .
The nightmare that is modern commercial air travel started with 9/11 .
Before this date , air travel was reasonably civilized .
There were no long queues ( at least not after check in ) .
We just threw our hand luggage on the security belt , walked through the scanner and we were done .
After 9/11 however , every commercial airplane became a potential flying bomb and passengers and their hand luggage had to undergo more extensive searches .
In Dec 2001 , the theatrics of the clearly brain - washed Richard Reid , aka " the shoe bomber " , added the common or garden shoe to the list of potential terrorist weapons .
Now , the equally bizarre antics of the young Nigerian Mr Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab has thrown our underwear into the mix .
Both shoe and knicker bomber attempted to use PETN ( a military explosive ) on their respective flights .
As a result , our shoes now go through scanners at airports and I can only presume that more invasive scanning of our lower torsos will also be mandated supposedly in an effort to prevent further knicker attacks .
The problem , however , is this : PETN , either in shoes or strapped to any part of the body , cannot be detected by airport scanners .
A chemical test is needed .
Unless authorities plan to drastically reconfigure the number and availability of international flights , there is no chance that chemical tests can be introduced for every passenger .
Hence we reach our first tentative conclusion : that the billions of shoes that have been scanned at airports since 2001 , and the billions of pairs of underwear that will henceforth become objects of official scrutiny , have and will have had nothing to do with airport security or preventing terrorism .
So what 's it all about ?
Follow me now , as I metaphorically wade through the vast piles of manure that constitute the raw material for the official story of the latest ' terror attack ' .
The Christmas knicker bomber was not your usual disgruntled Arab or lowly Muslim acolyte .
He was the son of Nigerian banking mogul and former Nigerian government minister Alhaji Umaru Mutallab , one of the richest men in Africa .
We 're talking one of the African colonial elite here , an African version of the British " old boy 's network " While in London , his son , the knicker bomber lived in a ₤4 million apartment in Mansfield Street , in the city 's West End .
He also enjoyed access to visas for several different countries , including the US .
It is not surprising therefore to learn that the knicker bomber apparently received special treatment at Amsterdam airport before he boarded his flight to Detroit .
Eyewitness Kurt Haskell reported that a sharply dressed Indian man escorted him to the gate and told the attendant that the knicker bomber had no passport but needed to get on the flight .
The sharply dressed man was told that he would have to speak to the manager , which he apparently did and successfully got the young ' terrorist ' on board .
Now this requires some serious string pulling , and all the hoopla in the press about whether or not the security system worked is just hubris , because if the knicker bomber appeared at the gate without a passport , it is unlikely that he went through the normal process up to that point , including check - in which requires passengers to show their passports .
In all probability he was escorted as a VI Pby the sharply dressed man .
So how do two suspicious looking terrorists , at least one of them without a passport , get to the gate in an airport and then onto the flight ?
The answer is they do n't unless they have some diplomatic credentials or high - level contacts in the airport .
Guess who runs the security at Amsterdam Schipol airport ?
ICTS of course !
the same Israeli owned security company that somehow managed to let the shoe bomber on his Miami flight in 2001 and several of those mythical hijackers who allegedly flew out of Boston 's Logan airport on 9/11 .
It is also useful to remember that the shoe bomber was cleared through ICTS and El Al security at Amsterdam airport on a flight to Tel Aviv in July 2001 for what was apparently an all - expenses paid week - long trip to the Israeli city .
What precisely he did there remains a mystery .
All of which leads us to our second tentative conclusion :
The knicker bomber and his handler were not terrorists .
Of course , it all depends on who you think the real terrorists are ... Moving on to the bomb itself ; as mentioned it was PETN , or rather Pentaerythritol , which is a building block for PETN .
To make PETN , Pentaerythritol must be mixed with concentrated nitric and sulfuric acids .
It is assumed that these acids were in the syringe that the knicker bomber was attempting to inject , under the cover of a blanket , into his underpants .
He then attempted to ignite the newly prepared PETN with some kind of a fuse .
He was apparently unaware that PETN requires a shock wave rather than heat or flame to detonate , and a shock wave is best provided by an initiator explosive .
In short , the whole enterprise was doomed to failure from the beginning .
Since the bomber and his smartly - dressed handler were able to get to the gate without passports , and are unlikely to have passed through security , we are left to ponder why the bomber did n't carry an explosive that required much less preparation , like a half a stick of dynamite for example .
Here 's a short video of what a half stick of dynamite does to a file cabinet .
Tentative conclusion number three therefore is that the goal was not to actually ' kill infidels ' but rather to reinforce the concept of ' Muslim terrorism ' .
In fact , it seems clear at this stage that the combining of terrorism and commercial air travel is a specific tactic by the real terror masters to maximise fear .
After all , it is difficult to think of a place where the average citizen already feels more vulnerable than on a metal tube hurtling through the air at 35,000 feet .
Add in a wild - eyed ' terrorist ' and you have the optimal psychological conditions for fear - based programming .
In this particular case however , the knicker bomber was far from wild - eyed .
According to the first passenger who attempted to subdue Mutallab on the plane , he offered no resistance and was docile .
He was " staring into nothing " according to Dutch ' film maker ' Jasper Schuringa .
Schuringa also noted that Mutallab was actually on fire but showed no reaction whatsoever .
This is suggestive of someone who is in some sort of trance .
Indeed , Schuringa stated this explicitly in this interview but immediately followed it with the words , " I do n't want to talk about that .
" How very strange .
Equally strange is Schuringa 's account of how he subdued Mutallab : The reactions of the other passengers seems normal .
The reactions of Schuringa are reminiscent of someone who has been trained in anti-in - flight - terror tactics .
According to reports Schuringa was on his way to visit an ' Israeli friend ' , Shai Ben - Ami who owns a restaurant in Miami .
The flight landed at around noon on Christmas day , and by that afternoon Ben - Ami had become Schuringa 's impromptu PR manager , aggressively negotiating fees for interviews and the couple of cell phone pictures that Schuringa had taken of Mutallab as he was being taken off the plane .
Eyewitnesses on the flight also reported that after Mutallab was taken off the plane the FBI arrested another Indian - looking man in Detroit airport .
The FBI has since denied that anyone else was involved .
Patricia Keepman was on the flight with her husband , daughter and two new adopted children from Ethiopia .
She reported that they were sitting about 20 rows behind Mutallab . , " said Patricia .
" We do know that the FBI is looking for him intensely .
Since then , we 've heard nothing about it .
" Passenger Kurt Haskell also reported that a third Indian man was arrested after the plane landed in Detroit airport .
Haskell also claims that he has since been visited by the FBI in what appears to be an attempt to silence him and his report of a third man .
According to CNN , the knicker bomber 's father contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria recently with concerns his son was planning something , that he had become " radicalized " .
His pleas apparently fell on deaf ears .
Coincidentally , the Orwellian Patriot Act , passed on the back of the 9/11 attacks , is up for either renewal or trash - canning in a couple of weeks .
What luck then for Obama , who is secretly very fond of such draconian powers , that the knicker bomber happened along , because there is now a very good chance that the Patriot Act will not only be enthusiastically renewed , but unanimously so .
There is no chance however that any of these troubling details will be discussed by the mainstream media , because none of them are relevant to the story that the US and Israeli governments want us to believe : Yemen is crawling with " al - Qaeda " !!
Initially , all we had was a Nigerian youth and a misguided effort to detonate what we are told was an explosive compound .
Within 24 hours however , IntelCenter , a group of US ex-military and intelligence officials who over the years have somehow managed to produce many of the " al - Qaeda " videos and messages that they serendipitously find on " jihadist websites " , produced a picture of Mutallab with what they claim is the flag of the media arm of " al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula " and a message from the group claiming Mutallab as one of their own Scared yet ?
Well , the people at Intelcenter really hope you are .
They put a lot of effort into producing these messages and videos and images .
For example , a 2006 ' al - qaeda ' video featuring al - Zawahiri released by Intelcenter was analyzed by Neal Krawetz , a researcher and computer security consultant .
During a presentation he gave at the BlackHat security conference in Las Vegas in 2007 about analyzing digital photographs and video images for alterations and enhancements , Krawetz showed that the video had been altered in a very interesting way .
Using a program he wrote ( and provided on the conference CD - ROM ) Krawetz could print out the quantization tables in a JPEG file ( that indicate how the image was compressed ) and determine the last tool that created the image - that is , the make and model of the camera if the image is original or the version of Photoshop that was used to alter and re-save the image .
Krawetz took an image ( above ) from the 2006 video of al - Zawahiri showing the Mr Magoo look - alike sitting in front of a desk and banner with writing on it .
After conducting his error analysis Krawetz .
In short , it seems very likely that IntelCenter produced the writing on the banner , and probably the entire video , from whole cloth .
Despite this evidence , we are being asked to believe that the latest message and photo from ' al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ' that IntelCenter just happened to find on a " Jihadist internet message board " that links Mutallab with ' al - Qaeda in Yemen ' is authentic !
The Yemen government , or rather dictatorship , added its voice to the subterfuge by claiming that Mutallab was in Yemen from August to December 2009 .
Dodgy internet postings , as usual from unnamed ' jihadist web sites ' would have us believe he was putting the final touches to his knicker bomb under the tutelage of " al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula " and specifically Anwar al - Awlaki , the US born Muslim lecturer , spiritual leader , and former imam .
The very same al - Awlaki who allegedly corresponded with Fort Hood mind - programmed patsy Nidal Malik Hasan .
The very same al - Awlaki who was allegedly the spiritual adviser to two of the 9/11 hijackers .
Is n't it just wonderful how it all connects together in one giant web of " Muslim terrorism " that starts with 9/11 ?
The fact is , it all does start with 9/11 , and the evidence that the 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by elements of the US and Israeli governments is so abundant that no further discussion is required .
How Mutallab actually passed his time in Yemen is however still open to speculation , and speculation is always best when some reasonably objective data is marshaled to back it up .
Data like :
The simple yet ugly truth is that Yemen is now squarely in the cross-hairs of the US imperial juggernaut .
As to the reason why , we may need only look to the following report from Feb 2009 : Yemen also has significant natural gas reserves that are in the process of being explored and extracted by French Multi-national Total .
But perhaps Yemen 's most strategically important asset is its location .
Sitting on the southern tip of the Arabian peninsula , the Yemeni sea port of Aden and the gulf of Aden in general is ideally located for the transport of the two aforementioned crucially important commodities .
Over 30 % of all crude oil and over 10 % of global trade pass through the Gulf of Aden and control of it gives control over shipping in the region ( think piracy ) and access to the coasts of oil - rich East African nations like Somalia and Sudan .
With climate change , in the form of a glacial rebound or a new 'ice age ' , and the massive world - wide social unrest it would cause , looking increasingly likely in the near future , the psychopathic elite are undoubtedly eager to ensure their own comfortable survival at our expense .
Yemen has only existed as an independent country for less than 50 years .
During and after the Second World War , Aden was regarded as the key to the defense of British imperial interests in the Middle East , the Gulf and the Indian Ocean .
As late as May 1956 a British junior minister , Lord Lloyd , stated that " for the foreseeable future it would not be reasonable or sensible or in the interests of the colony 's inhabitants to aspire to any aim beyond that of a considerable degree of internal self - government .
" Naturally enough , Yenemis were less than enthusiastic about being indefinitely subservient to the British .
Historically , Yemen had been split into two governates , North and South Yemen .
In 1956 , as long as its then ruler Imam Ahmed did not interfere , the British were willing to allow North Yemen relative independence .
South Yemen however was to remain fully British , at least economically .
In response to an increasingly powerful trade union movement made up of the Arab working class who demanded better wages , living standards and infrastructure , the British attempted to consolidate their control in the South by establishing the Federation of South Arabia in 1959 , a ramshackle affair made up of the various emirs , sheiks and sultans who were willing to side with the British against Yemeni nationalist aspirations in exchange for position and wealth .
British Petroleum had established an oil refinery in 1954 and the wealth that this resource could and should have provided for the Yemeni people was instead shipped out to further British strategic interests elsewhere in the world , leaving much of Yemen 's population impoverished .
While the British governing elite have always ( and still do ) view all ( or rather most ) non-Western peoples as little more than howling savages , like so many other colonized nations , the Yemeni people had no trouble recognizing the injustice of the situation .
Faced with an increasingly militant nationalist movement within both South and North Yemen , the British reacted to the justified grievances of a mobilized civilian population in the only way they know how - subterfuge and force .
After a wave of strikes called by the Aden Trades Union Congress ( how dare they ! ) which were followed by mass arrests , beatings and torture by the British military , a number of activists and organizations from Aden and outlying areas came together to establish the National Liberation Front for Occupied South Yemen or the NLF for short .
The leaders were middle class ... clerks , teachers , officers .
To deal with the insurgents ( ' terrorists ' in modern parlance ) , the British decided on the tried and trusted method of terrorizing the local population .
They proclaimed the insurgent areas ' proscribed areas ' and dropped leaflets telling the inhabitants to leave ( does this remind you of the tactics of a certain Middle Eastern country in January 2009 ? ) .
With that formality completed the Royal Air Force freely rocketed and bombed the areas , strafing any sign of human activity .
Crops were destroyed , livestock seized and houses blown up , ( again , does this remind you of anything ? )
When Yemeni farmers began to work their fields at night , the British military added night - time bombing .
Search operations were carried out on a large scale in an attempt to restrict movement of men and weapons by the NLF .
Inevitably , these searches accompanied by racists abuse and physical manhandling further alienated the population .
Stephen Harper , the Daily Express correspondent in Aden , wrote fondly of the troops that " there 's a lot of boot , gun - butt and fist thumping " but that this was n't brutality but rather " righteous anger " .
An officer recalled how , when troops were banned from calling the Arabs ' wog ' , they wittily responded by calling them ' gollies ' instead ( see here for the origin and usage of the world golliwog ) .
The counter - productivity of such abuse always was ( and still is ) lost on the British political elite and military and obviously did nothing to win the ' hearts and minds ' of the Yemeni people in their rebelling against foreign domination .
Another tactic used by the British military ( you may recognize this one ) was the deployment of ' Special Branch Sections ' .
These were eight to ten man mobile patrols with an officer in command .
Dressed up as Arabs they carried out raids , searches and attacks against British and Yemeni civilian and military targets that could then be blamed on the insurgents in an effort to justify the British oppression .
The SAS in its first official deployment against urban guerillas was also deployed in ' Keeni Meeni ' squads ( a Swahili term appropriately meaning ' slithering snakes ' ) .
' Keeni Meeni ' members were SAS men thought most likely to be able to pass for Arabs ... Without intelligence sources within the local Arab population , British military leaders settled on the inspired idea that torture of prisoners was the next best thing .
This mainly involved beatings of one form or another but also sensory deprivation techniques that would later be used in the 30 years dirty war in Northern Ireland and more recently in Iraq and Afghanistan .
At the time , allegations of torture and brutality were made in the British press against the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders , an infantry regiment of the British Army .
The conviction of members of the regiment in 1981 for the brutal murder of two catholic farmers in Northern Ireland in 1972 led to revelations about events in Yemen .
The Glasgow Sunday Mail reported that it had :
Eventually , the British were forced out of Yemen ( at least physically ) and the two kingdoms of North and South Yemen were formally united as the Republic of Yemen on May 22 , 1990 .
Yemen 's complicated history since British withdrawal and the unification of the North and South is beyond the scope of this article .
Nevertheless , even a brief analysis of the social and political history of Yemen over the past 50 years is enough to show that the vast majority of internal conflicts have been over one single issue - civil rights and the desire of normal people to live a dignified existence free from oppression and inequality .
When such aspirations conflict ( as they invariably do ) with the ' geo - strategic ' interests of world powers like the US , Britain , or the megalomaniacal pseudo - religious and racist ideals of the state of Israel , normal people lose .
100 years ago , the British elite could simply crush such popular uprisings and explain it away as just the fall - out from their munificent efforts to civilize a ' backward people ' .
Today however , it is not so easy to fool a somewhat more enlightened world public and a more convincing argument must be made .
That argument is today called " the world - wide terrorist threat " .
In Yemen today , the people that the US , British and Israeli governments claim are " Muslim terrorists " , " al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula " , ' al - Qaeda in Yemen " etc. etc. are in fact local tribesmen and their families who are clamoring for social justice and have been doing so for several decades .
They would very probably be easily enticed to put down their arms if they were given economic help and simple concessions such as roads and schools by the government .
But that is too much to ask of either the global power brokers or Yemen 's puppet government .
To give any power to the people is , in the twisted , greed - driven minds of the global elite , the first step on the road to the loss of control , and control over normal human beings and our planet is the lifeblood of our corrupt and psychologically deviant leaders .
And so we are led back to the knicker bomber who , we are told , was trained by Muslim terrorists in Yemen .
In response to this bogus threat ( and indeed before it even appeared ) the US military ( and it 's Saudi Arabian allies ) , like the British military before them , have been bombing , rocketing and strafing , not ' al - Qaeda in Yemen ' , but ordinary Yemeni civilians and tribesmen who dared to raise their voices , fists and guns against imperial and domestic injustice .
Reuters : Cap and Trade Worked in EU
February 13th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
It ’s official .
The EU trading system got carbon emissions down .
It ’s one thing when renewable energy writers on blogs like this say cap and trade has transformed Europe .
[ social_buttons ]
We regularly cover the huge wind and solar industries created there – the results of Europe ’s early adoption of the Kyoto Accord and subsequent EU Emissions Trading System ( ETS ) and Europe ’s resulting 13 % greenhouse gas reduction .
We have covered the indirect results before ( like how the US now gets hand - me - down clean energy technology from Europe ) .
But now it ’s official .
Cap and trade in Europe is a success .
Reuters said it .
A study has found that although there were many problems in the first phase , they were overcome and did not hamper the scheme ’s ultimate objective of reducing emissions .
Cap and trade was not a failure , despite the problems .
Experts at French state bank Caisse des Depots , the Paris - Dauphine University , the Center for Energy and Environmental Policy Research in the United States and University College Dublin collaborated to evaluate the scheme ’s trial period from 2005 to 2007 .
The EU ’s flagship carbon trading scheme requires companies to buy permits for every tonne of carbon they emit .
Then carbon output is capped and the permitted level is lowered year by year .
The fines and auction fees from the dirty energy fund the creation of clean energy as in a “ feebate ” system .
Problems with the first ever trading have included too low a price for carbon , fluctuating prices , recent thefts of allowances ( that have possibly been retired from the market : slowing carbon emissions – but not through the legal channels ) , tax cheats , and so on .
Other problems turned out not to be problems : for example , giving away allowances ( only 1 % were auctioned initially ) did not slow carbon reductions .
Lack of enthusiasm ( some nations like those recently emerging from the former USSR were notably uncommitted ) did not slow carbon reductions .
When legislation first limited CO2 from fossil energy companies in the EU only 15 % of the companies covered by the European Trading System took the future cost of carbon into account .
A year later 65 % were making their investment decisions based on having a carbon price .
Cap and trade has not failed .
Of the many successes , some that we ’ve covered here previously are :
EU Paper Industry Cut Carbon pollution by 42 %
Europe Unites to Invest $ 40 Billion in Renewable Supergrid
Foreign Windpower Taps “ Saudi Arabia of Wind ” Because We Can’t
Germany Runs Out of Solar Panels Due to Generous Feed - in Tariff
Half a Trillion to Build Desertec Solar From the Sahara to Europe
Image : Modek
Source REUTERS
News
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
MARJAH , Afghanistan —
The dusty squares of Marjah are empty ; there is no life , the soul of the place seems to have disappeared .
Those residents who are left cower in their homes , afraid of bullets or mines if they venture out , even for food .
“ It is a small picture of Doomsday , ” said Alishah Mazlumyar , the head of Helmand ’s Department of Information and Culture , and a member of the Marjah shura , or council .
“ Dozens of civilians have been killed .
Their families cannot bury the bodies , and for days they have been lying in their houses , beginning to decompose .
There is a smell of death here . ”
Twelve days into Operation Moshtarak — pitting 15,000 U.S. , British and Afghan troops against a few hundred Taliban — the message from the military and diplomatic communities is resolutely upbeat .
Western diplomats term the operation a success , and the media office of the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) points to a bright future .
“ Signs of steady progress in development and governance are being seen in central Helmand province .
Bridges , roads and culverts are being repaired , bazaars are re-opening and attracting customers , and a variety of initiatives are being planned or implemented , ” read the IJC press release of Feb. 22 .
But those in Marjah are telling a very different story .
“ There has been very little progress , ” said Haji Abdurrahman Jan , the head of the Marjah shura and a former police chief in Helmand .
“ The foreign and Afghan forces have advanced only 2 kilometers from their descent point .
This is very little in relation to their numbers . ”
The residents of Marjah , perhaps unrealistically , expected that the operation would be over much more quickly .
“ We thought it would take three days , maximum , ” said Abdurrahman .
“ This will have very bad consequences for the people of Marjah . ”
But Daud Ahmadi , spokesman for the governor of Helmand , insisted that the slow pace is a deliberate tactic designed to protect the civilian population .
“ We do not want civilian people to be harmed , ” he said .
“ We need to take every step with care . ”
The official rules of engagement have been made quite strict , according to military sources .
The combined troops are allowed to open fire only if they see an insurgent about to shoot .
“ The Taliban were waiting to ambush us in Mullah Dost Mohammad square , ” one Afghan Army soldier recalled with a grin , as he toyed with his rocket - propelled grenade launcher ( RPG ) .
“ We attacked them , and they ran into people ’s houses .
So we conducted a search , and there they are , sitting with no guns , and the owner is telling us ‘ No , they are not Taliban . ’
There was nothing we could do .
Our commander would not let us take them . ”
But residents say that the foreign forces are firing with abandon at anyone they suspect could be an insurgent — a difficult call in this predominantly Pashtun area , where most men wear heavy beards and cover their heads with turbans .
Casualty figures for civilians are difficult to confirm ; officially , the government is saying that 16 people have died .
But residents in Marjah say the toll is much higher .
“ Seddiq Jan was a good person , ” said a resident of Wakil Wazir Square .
“ The Americans shot him .
There was no one to bury him , so a friend and I dragged him away and quickly put him in a shallow hole and covered him with dirt . ”
Many of those who are fleeing Marjah for the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah , tell of seeing numerous bodies along the way .
“ On the way to Lashkar Gah I saw a woman in a black shawl , lying dead , with blood all around her , ” said a man who introduced himself as Sher Jan , from the 1C block of Marjah .
“ About 100 meters away there was a young man on a motorcycle .
He was on the ground , his bloodied hands still gripping the throttle .
Someone had shot him in the head . ”
Another reason for the lack of progress has been the thousands of Improvised Explosive Devices ( IEDs ) that the Taliban have laid on every available surface .
“ You cannot possibly imagine how many mines have been planted here , ” said Ghulam Farooq Tarokhel , commander of the 2nd brigade of the Afghan Army ’s 3rd Battalion .
“ They are in places you would not even think of . ”
Read GlobalPost 's report on efforts to combat IED fatalities .
According to Tarokhel , the combined forces have defused more than 400 IEDs so far .
Even so , the roads are still all but impassable , hindering not just the military , but humanitarian aid workers .
The International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) has five medical staff in Marjah , who up until one week ago were operating a first - aid post .
Now , they say , it is too dangerous .
“ Since movement in Marjah is difficult due to fighting and IEDs , the ICRC first - aid personnel have been treating patients in their homes , ” read an ICRC press release .
“ Those in need of care are often unable to move about or are afraid to do so . ”
Those willing to brave the mines and the fighting are fleeing to Lashkar Gah , where humanitarian services are being put to the test .
According to Ghulam Farooq Noorzai , the head of the Helmand department of refugees , there are more than 3,600 families , or close to 20,000 individuals , in need of assistance , and the numbers are still rising .
“ We have suggested to UNAMA [ United Nations Assistance Mission to Afghanistan ] and to UNHCR [ UN High Commission for Refugees ] that they send assistance for 5,000 families , ” he said .
“ So far we have only been able to help 2,219 of them , with food and non -food items .
The need is quite urgent . ”
Mullah Hekmat , a local Taliban in Marjah , blames the foreign forces for all of the suffering .
” We have n’t brought this situation to Marjah , ” he said .
“ It is the fault of the occupying forces . ”
He insists that the Taliban have the support of the population .
“ We have been staying here with the help of the people of Marjah for two years now , ” he said .
“ The people are happy with us , and they are ready to help us even if they are killed .
They are giving their lives for the jihad . ”
But Daud Daud Jan , a resident of the Hashtian area of Marjah , dismisses the claim .
“ Those who support the Taliban are those whose interests coincide with theirs , ” he said .
“ Drug smugglers and thieves are fighting shoulder - to - shoulder with them ; but not the people of Marjah , who are fed up with the Taliban . ”
Marjah has been billed as the first great test of the surge — the new strategy announced by U.S. President Barack Obama in his West Point speech on Dec. 1 .
But with military casualties also rising — ISAF confirms 13 soldiers killed in action so far in the operation — there are those who doubt it is worth the price .
Taliban expert Alex Strick van Linschoten says that even if Marjah turns out to be a success , it will prove little .
“ The key test of the surge will be Kandahar city , ” said van Linschoten .
“ The Taliban know very well that Marjah is irrelevant .
Whatever happens there will make no difference to their ability to conduct guerilla warfare for the next several years . ”
HughesNet : Fast , Reliable , and Strong Technology
In an age where technology rules and the competition is tough , HughesNet has still managed to come out on top as America 's top choice for satellite Internet .
HughesNet Satellite Internet , look at some of the benefits of joining the HughesNet family :
Seperate from phone line
Available anywhere †
Download software updates , videos , pictures , and music with fast speeds
Compatible with Apple and Microsoft operating systems / computers
Low upfront and starting costs
Those who are looking for reliable and fast high speed internet will find that HughesNet is one of the best options available .
The satellite internet that this company offers has been rated very highly among its own customers and is available even in rural areas throughout the state of Alabama as well as a number of other states .
While there are a lot of different companies that offer high speed internet , this company is different because of the satellite technology they use , which is precisely why it is so incredibly fast and consistent .
A Faster Internet Connection
Cable and DSL broadband internet is quickly becoming a thing of the past as satellite technology becomes increasingly more common for this particular application .
HughesNet provides millions of subscribers with lightning fast satellite internet that is exponentially faster than DSL and dial - up .
Those who want to surf the web or play video games without lag will definitely be interested in what this company has to offer .
It is the satellite technology that makes HughesNet such an incredibly popular choice among both individuals and businesses alike .
In fact , this company has been regarded as the fastest internet provider in the entire country .
Benefits of Choosing HughesNet
There are a number of different benefits associated with choosing HughesNet above all other internet service providers , starting with the fact that they offer cheap wireless internet for a reasonable monthly price that almost anyone will be able to afford .
Those who live in rural areas will find that they too can benefit from the kind of high speed internet this company has to offer .
While not everyone across the country will be able to get internet service from HughesNet , they do serve a lot of different areas in a number of states .
The Java IAQ :
Infrequently Answered Questions by Peter Norvig
Q : What is an Infrequently Answered Question ?
Q: The code in a finally clause will never fail to execute , right ?
finally
choice
try { if ( choice ) { while ( true ) ; } else { System.exit ( 1 ) ; } } finally { code.to.cleanup ( ) ; }
Q: Within a method m in a class C , is n't this .getClass ( ) always C ?
x
C1
C
C1.m ( )
x
super.m ( )
this.getClass ()
C1
C
C.m ()
C
final
Q : I defined an equals method , but Hashtable ignores it .
Why ?
equals
You defined the wrong equals method .
For example , you wrote : public class C { public boolean equals ( C that ) { return id ( this ) == id ( that ) ; } } But in order for table .
get ( c ) to work you need to make the equals method take an Object as the argument , not a C : public class C { public boolean equals ( Object that ) { return ( that instanceof C ) && id ( this ) == id ( ( C ) that ) ; } } Why ?
The code for Hashtable .get looks something like this : public class Hashtable { public Object get( Object key ) {
Object entry ; ... if ( entry.equals ( key ) ) ... } } Now the method invoked by entry.equals ( key ) depends upon the actual run-time type of the object referenced by entry , and the declared , compile - time type of the variable key .
So when you as a user call table .
get ( new C ( ... ) ) , this looks in class C for the equals method with argument of type Object .
If you happen to have defined an equals method with argument of type C , that 's irrelevent .
It ignores that method , and looks for a method with signature equals ( Object ) , eventually finding Object.equals ( Object ) .
If you want to over - ride a method , you need to match argument types exactly .
In some cases , you may want to have two methods , so that you do n't pay the overhead of casting when you know you have an object of the right class : public class C { public boolean equals ( Object that ) { return ( this == that ) || ( ( that instanceof C ) && this .equals ( ( C ) that ) ) ; } public boolean equals ( C that ) { return id ( this ) == id ( that ) ; //
Or whatever is appropriate for class C } }
You did n't properly implement equals as an equality predicate : equals must be symmetric , transitive , and reflexive .
Symmetric means a.equals ( b ) must have the same value as b.equals ( a ) .
( This is the one most people mess up . )
Transitive means that if a.equals ( b ) and b.equals ( c ) then a.equals ( c ) must be true .
Reflexive means that a.equals ( a ) must be true , and is the reason for the ( this == that ) test above ( it 's also often good practice to include this because of efficiency reasons : testing for == is faster than looking at all the slots of an object , and to partially break the recursion problem on objects that might have circular pointer chains ) .
You forgot the hashCode method .
Anytime you define a equals method , you should also define a hashCode method .
You must make sure that two equal objects have the same hashCode , and if you want better hashtable performance , you should try to make most non-equal objects have different hashCodes .
Some classes cache the hash code in a private slot of an object , so that it need be computed only once .
If that is the case then you will probably save time in equals if you include a line that says if ( this.hashSlot != that .hashSlot ) return false .
You did n't handle inheritance properly .
First of all , consider if two objects of different class can be equal .
Before you say " NO !
Of course not ! " consider a class Rectangle with width and height fields , and a Box class , which has the above two fields plus depth .
Is a Box with depth == 0 equal to the equivalent Rectangle ?
You might want to say yes .
If you are dealing with a non- final class , then it is possible that your class might be subclassed , and you will want to be a good citizen with respect to your subclass .
In particular , you will want to allow an extender of your class C to use your C.equals method using super as follows : public class C2 extends C { int new Field = 0 ; public boolean equals ( Object that ) { if ( this == that ) return true ; else if ( !( that instanceof C2 ) ) return false ; else return this .new Field == ( ( C2 ) that ) .newField && super.equals ( that ) ; } } To allow this to work , you have to be careful about how you treat classes in your definition of C.equals .
For example , check for that instanceof C rather than that .getClass ( ) == C.class .
See the previous IAQ question to learn why .
Use this.getClass ( ) == that .getClass ( ) if you are sure that two objects must be of the same class to be considered equals .
You did n't handle circular references properly .
Consider : public class LinkedList { Object contents ; LinkedList next = null ; public boolean equals ( Object that ) { return ( this == that ) || ( ( that instanceof LinkedList ) && this .equals ( ( LinkedList ) that ) ) ; } public boolean equals ( LinkedList that ) { // Buggy !
return Util.equals(this.contents , that .contents ) && Util.equals ( this .next , that .next ) ; } } Here I have assumed there is a Util class with : public static boolean equals ( Object x , Object y ) { return ( x == y ) || ( x != null && x.equals (y ) ) ; } I wish this method were in Object ; without it you always have to throw in tests against null .
Anyway , the LinkedList.equals method will never return if asked to compare two LinkedLists with circular references in them ( a pointer from one element of the linked list back to another element ) .
See the description of the Common Lisp function list - length for an explanation of how to handle this problem in linear time with only two words of extra storge .
( I do n't give the answer here in case you want to try to figure it out for yourself first . )
Q : I tried to forward a method to super , but it occasionally does n't work .
Why ?
/** A version of Hashtable that lets you do * table . put ( " dog " , " canine " ) ; , and then have * table . get ( " dogs " ) return " canine " .
**/ public class HashtableWithPlurals extends Hashtable { /**
Make the table map both key and key + " s " to value .
**/ public Object put( Object key , Object value ) { super.
put ( key + " s " , value ) ; return super. put ( key , value ) ; } }
You need to be careful when passing to super that you fully understand what the super method does .
In this case , the contract for Hashtable .
put is that it will record a mapping between the key and the value in the table .
However , if the hashtable gets too full , then Hashtable .
put will allocate a larger array for the table , copy all the old objects over , and then recursively re-call table .
put ( key , value ) .
Now , because Java resolves methods based on the runtime type of the target , in our example this recursive call within the code for Hashtable will go to HashtableWithPlurals.
put ( key , value ) , and the net result is that occasionally ( when the size of the table overflows at just the wrong time ) , you will get an entry for " dogss " as well as for " dogs " and " dog " .
Now , does it state anywhere in the documentation for put that doing this recursive call is a possibility ?
No .
In cases like this , it sure helps to have source code access to the JDK .
Q : Why does my Properties object ignore the defaults when I do a get ?
get
getProperty
getProperty
get
getProperty
get
Properties defaults = new Properties ( ) ; defaults.put ( " color " , " black " ) ; Properties props = new Properties ( defaults ) ; System.out.println(props.get ( " color " ) + " , " + props.getProperty( color ) ) ; //
This prints " null , black "
Is this justified by the documentation ?
Maybe .
The documentation in Hashtable talks about entries in the table , and the behavior of Properties is consistent if you assume that defauls are not entries in the table .
If for some reason you thought defaults were entries ( as you might be led to believe by the behavior of getProperty ) then you will be confused .
Q:Inheritance seems error - prone .
How can I guard against these errors ?
Extending a class that you do n't have source code for is always risky ; the documentation may be incomplete in ways you can't foresee .
Calling super tends to make these unforeseen problems jump out .
You need to pay as much attention to the methods that you do n't over - ride as the methods that you do .
This is one of the big fallacies of Object - Oriented design using inheritance .
It is true that inheritance lets you write less code .
But you still have to think about the code you do n't write .
write .
You 're especially looking for trouble if the subclass changes the contract of any of the methods , or of the class as a whole .
It is difficult to tell when a contract is changed , since contracts are informal ( there is a formal part in the type signature , but the rest appears only in comments ) .
In the Properties example , it is not clear if a contract is being broken , because it is not clear if the defaults are to be considered " entries " in the table or not .
Q: What are some alternatives to inheritance ?
For the HashtableWithPlurals example , delegation would give you this ( note : as of JDK 1.2 , Dictionary is considered obsolete ; use Map instead ) :
/** A version of Hashtable that lets you do * table . put ( " dog " , " canine " ) ; , and then have * table . get ( " dogs " ) return " canine " .
**/ public class HashtableWithPlurals extends Dictionary { Hashtable table = new Hashtable ( ) ; /**
Make the table map both key and key + " s " to value .
**/ public Object put( Object key , Object value ) { table .
put ( key + " s " , value ) ; return table .
put ( key , value ) ; } ... //
Need to implement other methods as well }
The Properties example , if you wanted to enforce the interpretation that default values are entries , would be better done with delegation .
Why was it done with inheritance , then ?
Because the Java implementation team was rushed , and took the course that required writing less code .
Q : Why are there no global variables in Java ?
Adding state variables breaks referential transparency ( you no longer can understand a statement or expression on its own : you need to understand it in the context of the settings of the global variables ) .
State variables lessen the cohesion of a program : you need to know more to understand how something works .
A major point of Object - Oriented programming is to break up global state into more easily understood collections of local state .
When you add one variable , you limit the use of your program to one instance .
What you thought was global , someone else might think of as local : they may want to run two copies of your program at once .
Q : I still miss global variables .
What can I do instead ?
If you really want only one copy per each time a user invokes Java by starting up a Java virtual machine , then you probably want a static instance variable .
For example , you have a MainWindow class in your application , and you want to count the number of windows that the user has opened , and initiate the " Really quit ? " dialog when the user has closed the last one .
For that , you want : //
One variable per class ( per JVM ) public Class MainWindow { static int numWindows = 0 ; ... // when opening : MainWindow.numWindows ++ ; // when closing : MainWindow.numWindows --; }
In many cases , you really want a class instance variable .
For example , suppose you wrote a web browser and wanted to have the history list as a global variable .
In Java , it would make more sense to have the history list be an instance variable in the Browser class .
Then a user could run two copies of the browser at once , in the same JVM , without having them step on each other .
//
One variable per instance public class Browser { HistoryList history = new HistoryList ( ) ; ... //
Make entries in this .
history }
Now suppose that you have completed the design and most of the implementation of your browser , and you discover that , deep down in the details of , say , the Cookie class , inside the Http class , you want to display an error message .
But you do n't know where to display the message .
You could easily add an instance variable to the Browser class to hold the display stream or frame , but you have n't passed the current instance of the browser down into the methods in the Cookie class .
You do n't want to change the signatures of many methods to pass the browser along .
You ca n't use a static variable , because there might be multiple browsers running .
However , if you can guarantee that there will be only one browser running per thread ( even if each browser may have multiple threads ) then there is a good solution : store a table of thread - to - browser mappings as a static variable in the Browser class , and look up the right browser ( and hence display ) to use via the current thread : // One " variable " per thread public class Browser { static Hashtable browsers = new Hashtable ( ) ; public Browser ( ) { // Constructor browsers.put( Thread.currentThread ( ) , this ) ; } ... public void reportError( String message ) { Thread t = Thread.currentThread ( ) ; (( Browser ) Browser.browsers.get (t ) ) . show ( message ) } } Finally , suppose you want the value of a global variable to persist between invocations of the JVM , or to be shared among multiple JVMs in a network of machines .
Then you probably should use a database which you access through JDBC , or you should serialize data and write it to a file .
import static java.lang .
Math .*
sin(x )
Here are some of the options that could be used before Java 1.5 :
If you only want a few methods , you can put in calls to them within your own class : public static double sin( double x ) { return Math.sin(x ) ; } public static double cos( double x ) { return Math.cos ( x ) ; } ... sin(x ) Static methods take a target ( thing to the left of the dot ) that is either a class name , or is an object whose value is ignored , but must be declared to be of the right class .
So you could save three characters per call by doing : // Ca n't instantiate Math , so it must be null .
Math m = null ; ... m.sin(x ) java.lang .
Math is a final class , so you can't inherit from it , but if you have your own set of static methods that you would like to share among many of your own classes , then you can package them up and inherit them : public abstract class MyStaticMethods { public static double mysin( double x ) { ... } } public class MyClass1 extends MyStaticMethods { ... mysin(x ) }
Peter van der Linden , author of Just Java , recommends against both of the last two practices in his FAQ .
I agree with him that Math m = null is a bad idea in most cases , but I 'm not convinced that the MyStaticMethods demonstrates " very poor OOP style to use inheritance to obtain a trivial name abbreviation ( rather than to express a type hierarchy ) . "
First of all , trivial is in the eye of the beholder ; the abbreviation may be substantial .
( See an example of how I used this approach to what I thought was good effect . )
Second , it is rather presumptuous to say that this is very bad OOP style .
You could make a case that it is bad Java style , but in languages with multiple inheritance , this idiom would be more acceptable .
Another way of looking at it is that features of Java ( and any language ) necessarily involve trade - offs , and conflate many issues .
I agree it is bad to use inheritance in such a way that you mislead the user into thinking that MyClass1 is inheriting behavior from MyStaticMethods , and it is bad to prohibit MyClass1 from extending whatever other class it really wants to extend .
But in Java the class is also the unit of encapsulation , compilation ( mostly ) , and name scope .
The MyStaticMethod approach scores negative points on the type hierarchy front , but positive points on the name scope front .
If you say that the type hierarchy view is more important , I wo n't argue with you .
But I will argue if you think of a class as doing only one thing , rather than many things at once , and if you think of style guides as absolute rather than as trade - offs .
Q : Is null an Object ?
( null instanceof Object )
null
You can't call a method on null : x.m( ) is an error when x is null and m is a non-static method .
( When m is a static method it is fine , because it is the class of x that matters ; the value is ignored . )
There is only one null , not one for each class .
Thus , ( ( String ) null == ( Hashtable ) null ) , for example .
It is ok to pass null as an argument to a method , as long as the method is expecting it .
Some methods do ; some do not .
So , for example , System.out.println ( null ) is ok , but string.compareTo( null ) is not .
For methods you write , your javadoc comments should say whether null is ok , unless it is obvious .
In JDK 1.1 to 1.1.5 , passing null as the literal argument to a constructor of an anonymous inner class ( e.g. , new SomeClass ( null ) { ...} caused a compiler error .
It 's ok to pass an expression whose value is null , or to pass a coerced null , like new SomeClass ( ( String ) null ) { ...}
There are at least three different meanings that null is commonly used to express : Uninitialized .
A variable or slot that has n't yet been assigned its real value .
Non-existant / not applicable .
For example , terminal nodes in a binary tree might be represented by a regular node with null child pointers .
Empty .
For example , you might use null to represent the empty tree .
Note that this is subtly different from the previous case , although some people make the mistake of confusing the two cases .
The difference is whether null is an acceptable tree node , or whether it is a signal to not treat the value as a tree node .
Compare the following three implementations of binary tree nodes with an in - order print method :
// null means not applicable //
There is no empty tree .
class Node {
Object data ;
Node left , right ; void print ( ) { if ( left != null ) left.
print ( ) ; System.out.println( data ) ; if ( right != null ) right .
print ( ) ; } } // null means empty tree //
Note static , non-static methods class Node { Object data ;
Node left , right ; void static print ( Node node ) { if ( node != null ) node.
print ( ) ; } void print ( ) { print ( left ) ; System.out.println( data ) ; print ( right ) ; } } // Separate class for Empty // null is never used interface Node { void print ( ) ; } class DataNode implements Node{ Object data ;
Node left , right ; void print ( ) { left.print ( ) ; System.out.println(data ) ; right . print ( ) ; } } class EmptyNode implements Node { void print ( ) { } }
Q : How big is an Object ?
Why is there no sizeof ?
sizeof
malloc
long
static Runtime runtime = Runtime.getRuntime ( ) ; ... long start , end ; Object obj ; runtime.gc ( ) ; start = runtime.freememory ( ) ; obj = new Object ( ) ; //
Or whatever you want to look at end = runtime .
freememory ( ) ; System.out.println
( " That took " + ( start - end ) + " bytes . " ) ;
This method is not foolproof , because a garbage collection could occur in the middle of the code you are instrumenting , throwing off the byte count .
Also , if you are using a just - in - time compiler , some bytes may come from generating code .
You might be surprised to find that an Object takes 16 bytes , or 4 words , in the Sun JDK VM .
This breaks down as follows :
There is a two - word header , where one word is a pointer to the object 's class , and the other points to the instance variables .
Even though Object has no instance variables , Java still allocates one word for the variables .
Finally , there is a " handle " , which is another pointer to the two - word header .
Sun says that this extra level of indirection makes garbage collection simpler .
( There have been high performance Lisp and Smalltalk garbage collectors that do not use the extra level for at least 15 years .
I have heard but have not confirmed that the Microsoft JVM does not have the extra level of indirection . )
An empty new String ( ) takes 40 bytes , or 10 words : 3 words of pointer overhead , 3 words for the instance variables ( the start index , end index , and character array ) , and 4 words for the empty char array .
Creating a substring of an existing string takes " only " 6 words , because the char array is shared .
Putting an Integer key and Integer value into a Hashtable takes 64 bytes ( in addition to the four bytes that were pre-allocated in the Hashtable array ) : I 'll let you work out why .
Q : In what order is initialization code executed ?
What should I put where ?
In an instance variable initializer for a class ( or a superclass ) .
class C { String var = " val " ;
In a constructor for a class ( or a superclass ) .
public C ( ) { var = " val " ; } In an object initializer block .
This is new in Java 1.1 ; its just like a static initializer block but without the keyword static .
{ var = " val " ; } }
The order of evaluation ( ignoring out of memory problems ) when you say new C( ) is :
Call a constructor for C's superclass ( unless C is Object , in which case it has no superclass ) .
It will always be the no-argument constructor , unless the programmer explicitly coded super ( ... ) as the very first statement of the constructor .
Once the super constructor has returned , execute any instance variable initializers and object initializer blocks in textual ( left - to - right ) order .
Do n't be confused by the fact that javadoc and javap use alphabetical ordering ; that 's not important here .
Now execute the remainder of the body for the constructor .
This can set instance variables or do anything else .
Here 's another example :
Program : class A { String a 1 = ABC.echo ( " 1 : a 1 " ) ; String a 2 = ABC.echo ( " 2 : a2 " ) ; public A ( ) { ABC.echo ( " 3 : A ( ) " ) ; } } class B extends A { String b1 = ABC.echo ( " 4 : b1 " ) ; String b2 ; public B ( ) { ABC.echo ( " 5 : B ( ) " ) ; b1 = ABC.echo ( " 6 : b1 reset " ) ; a 2 = ABC.echo ( " 7 : a2 reset " ) ; } } class C extends B { String c1 ; { c1 = ABC.echo ( " 8 : c1 " ) ; } String c2 ; String c3 = ABC.echo ( " 9 : c3 " ) ; public C ( ) { ABC.echo ( " 10 : C ( ) " ) ; c2 = ABC.echo ( " 11 : c2 " ) ; b2 = ABC.echo ( " 12 : b2 " ) ; } } public class ABC { static String echo( String arg ) { System.out.println ( arg ) ; return arg ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { new C( ) ; } } Output : 1 : a1 2 : a2 3 : A ( ) 4 : b1 5 : B ( ) 6 : b1 reset 7 : a2 reset 8 : c1 9 : c3 10 : C ( ) 11 : c2 12 : b2
Q : What about class initialization ?
new
static { ... }
static String var = ...
Active use is defined as the first time you do any one of the following :
Create an instance of C by calling a constructor ;
Call a static method that is defined in C ( not inherited ) ;
Assign or access a static variable that is declared ( not inherited ) in C .
It does not count if the static variable is initialized with a constant expression ( one involving only primitive operators ( like + or || ) , literals , and static final variables ) , because these are initialized at compile time .
Here is an example :
Program : class A { static String a 1 = ABC.echo ( " 1 : a 1 " ) ; static String a 2 = ABC.echo ( " 2 : a 2 " ) ; } class B extends A { static String b1 = ABC.echo ( " 3 : b1 " ) ; static String b2 ; static { ABC.echo ( " 4 : B ( ) " ) ; b1 = ABC.echo ( " 5 : b1 reset " ) ; a 2 = ABC.echo ( " 6 : a2 reset " ) ; } } class C extends B { static String c1 ; static { c 1 = ABC.echo ( " 7 : c1 " ) ; } static String c2 ; static String c3 = ABC.echo ( " 8 : c3 " ) ; static { ABC.echo ( " 9 : C ( ) " ) ; c2 = ABC.echo ( " 10 : c2 " ) ; b2 = ABC.echo ( " 11 : b2 " ) ; } } public class ABC { static String echo( String arg ) { System.out.println ( arg ) ; return arg ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { new C( ) ; } } Output : 1 : a1 2 : a2 3 : b1 4 : B ( ) 5 : b1 reset 6 : a2 reset 7 : c1 8 : c3 9 : C ( ) 10 : c2 11 : b2
Q : I have a class with six instance variables , each of which could be initialized or not .
Should I write 64 constructors ?
C
public class C { int a , b , c , d , e , f ; }
Here are some things you can do for constructors :
Guess at what combinations of variables will likely be wanted , and provide constructors for those combinations .
Pro :
That 's how it 's usually done .
Con : Difficult to guess correctly ; lots of redundant code to write .
Define setters that can be cascaded because they return this .
That is , define a setter for each instance variable , then use them after a call to the default constructor : public C setA ( int val ) { a = val ; return this ; } ... new C( ) .setA( 1).setC( 3).setE( 5 ) ; Pro :
This is a reasonably simple and efficient approach .
A similar idea is discussed by Bjarne Stroustrop on page 156 of The Design and Evolution of C++. Con :
You need to write all the little setters , they are n't JavaBean - compliant ( since they return this , not void ) , they do n't work if there are interactions between two values .
Use the default constructor for an anonymous sub-class with a non-static initializer : new C ( ) {{ a = 1 ; c = 3 ; e = 5 ; }} Pro : Very concise ; no mess with setters .
Con :
The instance variables can't be private , you have the overhead of a sub-class , your object wo n't actually have C as its class ( although it will still be an instanceof C ) , it only works if you have accessible instance variables , and many people , including experienced Java programmers , wo n't understand it .
Actually , its quite simple :
You are defining a new , unnamed ( anonymous ) subclass of C , with no new methods or variables , but with an initialization block that initializes a , c , and e .
Along with defining this class , you are also making an instance .
When I showed this to Guy Steele , he said " heh , heh !
That 's pretty cute , all right , but I 'm not sure I would advocate widespread use ... "
As usual , Guy is right .
( By the way , you can also use this to create and initialize a vector .
You know how great it is to create and initialize , say , a String array with new String [ ] { " one " , " two " , " three " } .
Now with inner classes you can do the same thing for a vector , where previously you thought you 'd have to use assignement statements : new Vector ( 3 ) { {add ( " one " ) ; add ( " two " ) ; add ( " three " ) }} .)
You can switch to a language that directly supports this idiom ..
For example , C++ has optional arguments .
So you can do this : class C { public : C( int a=1 , int b=2 , int c=3 , int d=4 , int e=5 ) ; } ... new C( 10 ) ; // Construct an instance with defaults for b , c , d , e Common Lisp and Python have keyword arguments as well as optional arguments , so you can do this : C ( a=10 , c=30 , e=50 ) # Construct an instance ; use defaults for b and d .
Q: When should I use constructors , and when should I use other methods ?
new
Modifiers :
As we saw in the previous question , one can go overboard in providing too many constructors .
It is usually better to minimize the number of constructors , and then provide modifier methods , that do the rest of the initialization .
If the modifiers return this , then you can create a useful object in one expression ; if not , you will need to use a series of statements .
Modifiers are good because often the changes you want to make during construction are also changes you will want to make later , so why duplicate code between constructors and methods .
As we saw in the previous question , one can go overboard in providing too many constructors .
It is usually better to minimize the number of constructors , and then provide modifier methods , that do the rest of the initialization .
If the modifiers return , then you can create a useful object in one expression ; if not , you will need to use a series of statements .
Modifiers are good because often the changes you want to make during construction are also changes you will want to make later , so why duplicate code between constructors and methods .
Factories :
Often you want to create something that is an instance of some class or interface , but you either do n't care exactly which subclass to create , or you want to defer that decision to runtime .
For example , if you are writing a calculator applet , you might wish that you could call new Number ( string ) , and have this return a Double if string is in floating point format , or a Long if string is in integer format .
But you can't do that for two reasons :
Number is an abstract class , so you can't invoke its constructor directly , and any call to a constructor must return a new instance of that class directly , not of a subclass .
A method which returns objects like a constructor but that has more freedom in how the object is made ( and what type it is ) is called a factory .
Java has no built - in support or conventions for factories , but you will want to invent conventions for using them in your code .
Often you want to create something that is an instance of some class or interface , but you either do n't care exactly which subclass to create , or you want to defer that decision to runtime .
For example , if you are writing a calculator applet , you might wish that you could call , and have this return a Double if is in floating point format , or a Long if is in integer format .
But you can't do that for two reasons :
Number is an abstract class , so you can't invoke its constructor directly , and any call to a constructor must return a new instance of that class directly , not of a subclass .
A method which returns objects like a constructor but that has more freedom in how the object is made ( and what type it is ) is called a .
Java has no built - in support or conventions for factories , but you will want to invent conventions for using them in your code .
Caching and Recycling : A constructor must create a new object .
But creating a new object is a fairly expensive operation .
Just as in the real world , you can avoid costly garbage collection by recycling .
For example , new Boolean ( x ) creates a new Boolean , but you should almost always use instead ( x ? Boolean .
TRUE : Boolean .
FALSE ) , which recycles an existing value rather than wastefully creating a new one .
Java would have been better off if it advertised a method that did just this , rather than advertising the constructor .
Boolean is just one example ; you should also consider recycling of other immutable classes , including Character , Integer , and perhaps many of your own classes .
Below is an example of a recycling factory for Numbers .
If I had my choice , I would call this Number . make , but of course I can't add methods to the Number class , so it will have to go somewhere else .
public Number numberFactory ( String str ) throws NumberFormatException { try { long l = Long.parseLong ( str ) ; if ( l >= 0 && l < cachedLongs.length ) { int i = ( int )l ; if ( cachedLongs [ i ] != null ) return cachedLongs [ i ] ; else return cachedLongs [ i ] = new Long ( str ) ; } else { return new Long ( l ) ; } } catch ( NumberFormatException e ) { double d = Double.parseDouble ( str ) ; return d == 0.0 ?
ZERO : d == 1.0 ? ONE : new Double (d ) ; } } private Long [ ] cachedLongs = new Long [ 100 ] ; private Double ZERO = new Double ( 0.0 ) ; private Double ONE = new Double ( 1.0 ) ;
new
new
Point
pool.point(x , y, z )
int pos = pool.mark ( )
pool.restore( pos )
public class PointPool { /** Allocate a pool of n Points .
**/ public PointPool ( int n ) { x = new double [ n ] ; y = new double [ n ] ; z = new double [n ] ; next = 0 ; } public double x [ ] , y[ ] , z[ ] ; /**
Initialize the next point , represented as in integer index .
**/ int point ( double x1 , double y1 , double z1 ) { x[ next ] = x1 ; y[ next ] = y1 ; z[ next ] = z 1 ; return next ++ ; } /** Initialize the next point , initilized to zeros .
**/ int point ( ) { return point ( 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; } /** Initialize the next point as a copy of a point in some pool .
**/ int point ( PointPool pool , int p ) { return point ( pool.x[p ] , pool.y[p ] , pool .z[ p ] ) ; } public int next ; }
PointPool pool = new PointPool ( 1000000 ) ; PointPool results = new PointPool ( 100 ) ; ... int pos = pool.next ; doComplexCalculation (... ) ; pool.next = pos ; ... void doComplexCalculation (... ) { ... int p1 = pool. point( x , y , z ) ; int p2 = pool .
point ( p , q , r ) ; double diff = pool . x [ p1 ] - pool .x [ p2 ] ; ... int p_final = results . point ( pool , p1 ) ; ... }
Allocating a million points took half a second for the PointPool approach , and 6 seconds for the straightforward approach that allocates a million instances of a Point class , so that 's a 12 - fold speedup .
Would n't it be nice if you could declare p1 , p2 and p_final as Point rather than int ?
In C or C++ , you could just do typedef int Point , but Java does n't allow that .
If you 're adventurous , you can set up make files to run your files through the C preprocessor before the Java compiler , and then you can do #define Point int .
Q : I have a complex expression inside a loop .
For efficiency , I 'd like the computation to be done only once .
But for readability , I want it to stay inside the loop where it is used .
What can I do ?
match
compile
match
for ( ; ; ) { ... String str = ... match ( str , compile ( " a * b* c * " ) ) ; ... }
Since Java has no macros , and little control over time of execution , your choices are limited here .
One possibility , although not very pretty , is to use an inner interface with a variable initializer :
for ( ; ; ) { ... String str = ... interface P1 { FSA f = compile ( " a * b* c* ) ; } match ( str , P1.f ) ; ... }
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Feeling overwhelmed by the sex , violence and inappropriate content on prime - time television ?
Fear not , squeaky - clean entertainment is on its way to your living room .
Wal - Mart Stores Inc. WMT , +2.02 % said Thursday it was working with Procter & Gamble Co. PG , +1.26 % to produce " family - friendly TV programming . "
The first production , which will run April 16 on NBC , is a made - for - TV movie called " Secrets of the Mountain , " about the adventures of a single mother and her kids in a mountain cabin they 've inherited from an eccentric uncle .
While the entertainment may be devoid of sexual innuendo and graphic violence , there will be plenty of subliminal advertising via product placement by both Wal - Mart and P&G , as well as regular ads from the companies during the commercial breaks .
Of course , product placement is already rampant in programming , and corporate underwriting of television is nothing new .
( Soap operas got their name from being sponsored by soap makers . )
P&G Productions says it 's produced nearly 50 movies of the week , 35 years of " People 's Choice Awards , " 20 soap operas and a number of beauty pageants and variety shows .
But a tag team of the world 's largest retailer and the No. 1 consumer - products maker is a significant way for these businesses to target consumers and reinforce their images as wholesome and family - friendly , while getting their goods in front of this desirable demographic in a DVR - proof way .
In a time when companies are trying to figure out how to become players in new media and on social - networking sites , creating a TV movie with virtuous themes seems almost quaint .
If families are even watching TV together , kids are usually the ones controlling the remote .
Will this brand of programming appeal to them ?
Also , as we saw during the recent writers ' strike , lots of consumers have defected from traditional TV - watching , and now spend time on other pursuits , such as playing video games and consuming their media via the Internet .
With more profanity and racy themes sneaking into prime - time programs , rolling out G- rated TV options that families can enjoy together is n't a bad idea , but it 's not clear whether anyone will be watching .
-- Angela Moore , commentary editor
' Forgive me ' : Mystery of father 's suicide note posted on Facebook AFTER he killed himself and baby son
A father has killed himself and his baby son after leaving dozens of desperate messages to the boy 's mother on Facebook - including a suicide note mysteriously posted after his death .
The rambling note and a memorial appeared on Facebook hours after the bodies of Stephen Garcia , 25 , and his nine - month - old son Wyatt were found in a car on an isolated track in the Californian countryside .
Garcia had disappeared with the boy during a custody visit and threatened to kill him and commit suicide , police said .
Their bodies were found in the San Bernardino Mountains near Los Angeles .
' Forgive me ' :
This image of Garcia , 25 , and his nine - month - old son , Wyatt , was posted on Facebook by someone hours after their deaths
The baby 's mother had pleaded with authorities for a restraining order against Garcia in December - but it was denied on January 12 as the court did not believe he was a threat to her or Wyatt .
Now police are hunting for the person who must have posted the suicide note and memorial to Garcia 's Facebook account after his death .
The suicide note was posted to Facebook eight hours after the bodies were discovered .
The memorial collage was added early Monday .
Facebook postings appear on the website in real time and cannot be time - released .
The memorial features a photo of Garcia and his son sleeping peacefully on a Mickey Mouse pillow , with the dates of their births and joint death overlaid in white text .
A message at the bottom reads , in part , ' There !
Now we 're sleeping with you ...
' Find it in your heart to forgive me .
It 's my job to protect him .
I know God will welcome our son with open arms . '
In the suicide note , Garcia claimed he did not want to live without his ex-girlfriend - or share custody of his son .
Garcia poses with Wyatt .
Their bodies were found on an isolated track in the Californian countryside
The Facebook page offered a chilling window into his state of mind as he frantically tried to win back his family .
In the days before his death , Garcia posted a flurry of desperate messages to his ex-girlfriend , along with pictures of him and Wyatt and video clips of the baby at a younger age .
' Are we really going to do this ?
I want my ( expletive ) family back , come back before it 's too late .
Please ?
Anything ? ' he wrote .
He then posted a photo gallery of himself with his son .
Garcia also included links to a chilling website that contained dozens of archived text messages , long diary entries in which he rants against his ex-girlfriend for leaving him and letters asking her if she loves her new boyfriend and if she is planning to have a child with him .
' I 'm sorry it took me loosing ( sic ) you to realize what a great family we had and now our son will have to pay for the mistakes we made FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE , ' he wrote .
In the science world , if there is an overwhelming complaint about the media , it is that journalists tend to be too " balanced " -- in other words , they give roughly 50 - 50 time to opposing viewpoints even when one side lacks credibility , as in the creationism - evolution battle .
In 2004 in Columbia Journalism Review , I did a major article critiquing this problem in science coverage -- an article that I guess a lot of people read and liked , since it is still mentioned to me regularly .
Recently , in fact , John Fleck emailed to ask why it was n't available online -- and I decided to do something about that .
So here it is , " Blinded by Science , " a kind of classic critique of " phony balance " in science coverage : BLINDED BY SCIENCE : How ' Balanced ' Coverage Lets the Scientific Fringe Hijack RealityColumbia Journalism Review , Nov/Dec2004 , Vol. 43 , Issue 4
On May 22 , 2003 , the Los Angeles Times printed a front - page story by Scott Gold , its respected Houston bureau chief , about the passage of a law in Texas requiring abortion doctors to warn women that the procedure might cause breast cancer .
Virtually no mainstream scientist believes that the so - called ABC link actually exists -- only anti-abortion activists do .
Accordingly , Gold 's article noted right off the bat that the American Cancer Society discounts the " alleged link " and that anti-abortionists have pushed for " so - called counseling " laws only after failing in their attempts to have abortion banned .
Gold also reported that the National Cancer Institute had convened " more than a hundred of the world 's experts " to assess the ABC theory , which they rejected .
In comparison to these scientists , Gold noted , the author of the Texas counseling bill -- who called the ABC issue " still disputed " -- had " a professional background in property management . "
Gold 's piece was hard - hitting but accurate .
The scientific consensus is quite firm that abortion does not cause breast cancer .
If reporters want to take science and its conclusions seriously , their reporting should reflect this reality -- no matter what antiabortionists say .
But what happened next illustrates one reason journalists have such a hard time calling it like they see it on science issues .
In an internal memo exposed by the Web site LAobserved.com , the Times 's editor , John Carroll , singled out Gold 's story for harsh criticism , claiming it vindicated critics who accuse the paper of liberal bias .
Carroll specifically criticized Gold 's " so - called counseling " line ( " a phrase that is loaded with derision " ) and his " professional background in property management " quip ( " seldom will you read a cheaper shot than this " ) .
" The story makes a strong case that the link between abortion and breast cancer is widely discounted among researchers , " Carroll wrote , " but I wondered as I read it whether somewhere there might exist some credible scientist who believes in it ....
Apparently the scientific argument for the anti-abortion side is so absurd that we do n't need to waste our readers ' time with it . "
Gold declined to comment specifically on Carroll 's memo , except to say that it prompted " a sound and good discussion of the standards that we all take very seriously . "
For his part , Carroll -- now editing his third newspaper -- is hardly so naive as to think journalistic " balance " is synonymous with accuracy .
In an interview , he nevertheless defended the memo , observing that " reporters have to make judgments about the validity of ideas " but that " a reporter has to be broad - minded in being open to ideas that are n't necessarily shared by the crowd he or she happens to be hanging around with . "
Carroll adds that in his view , Gold needed to find a credible scientist to defend the ABC claim , rather than merely quoting a legislator and then exposing that individual 's lack of scientific background .
" You have an obligation to find a scientist , and if the scientist has something to say , then you can subject the scientist 's views to rigorous examination , " Carroll says .
The trouble is , the leading proponent of the idea that abortions cause breast cancer , Dr. Joel Brind of Baruch College at the City University of New York , underwent a pro-life religious conversion that left him feeling " compelled to use science for its noblest , life - saving purpose , " as he put it in Physician , a magazine published by a conservative religious group called Focus on the Family .
Brind 's dedication to the ABC theory has flown in the face of repeated negative critiques of that theory by his scientific peers .
When the National Cancer Institute convened the world 's experts to assess the question in February 2003 , Brind was the only dissenter from the group 's conclusions .
Nevertheless , a later article by Gold suggests he may have taken Carroll 's lesson to heart ( though Gold says the piece " certainly was n't a direct response , or an attempt to change anything or compensate " following Carroll 's memo ) .
On November 6 , 2003 , Gold reported on a push in Texas to revise the way biology textbooks teach the scientific theory of evolution , which some religious conservatives do n't accept .
Gold opened with a glowing profile of one William Dembski , described as a " scientist by trade " but " an evangelical Christian at heart who is convinced that some biological mechanisms are too complex to have been created without divine guidance . "
But according to his Web site , Dembski is a philosopher and mathematician , not a biologist .
Moreover , he 's a leader of the new " intelligent design " crusade against Darwin 's theory , an updated form of creationism that evolutionary biologists have broadly denounced .
( He recently took a job running the Center for Science and Theology at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary . )
The American Association for the Advancement of Science , the world 's largest scientific society and publisher of Science , the highest - circulation general scientific journal , has firmly stated that proponents have " failed to offer credible scientific evidence to support their claim " that the intelligent design theory " undermines the current scientifically accepted theory of evolution . "
Scott Gold had it exactly right on abortion and breast cancer .
Then he produced an article on " intelligent design " so artificially " balanced " it was downright inaccurate and misleading .
* * * * *
The basic notion that journalists should go beyond mere " balance " in search of the actual truth hardly represents a novel insight .
This magazine , along with its political Web site , Campaign Desk , has been part of a rising chorus against a prevalent but lazy form of journalism that makes no attempt to dig beneath competing claims .
But for journalists raised on objectivity and tempered by accusations of bias , knowing that phony balance can create distortion is one thing and taking steps to fix the reporting is another .
Political reporting hardly presents the only challenge for journalists seeking to go beyond he said / she said accounts , or even the most difficult one .
Instead , that distinction may be reserved for media coverage of contested scientific issues , many of them with major policy ramifications , such as global climate change .
After all , the journalistic norm of balance has no corollary in the world of science .
On the contrary , scientific theories and interpretations survive or perish depending upon whether they 're published in highly competitive journals that practice strict quality control , whether the results upon which they 're based can be replicated by other scientists , and ultimately whether they win over scientific peers .
When consensus builds , it is based on repeated testing and retesting of an idea .
Journalists face a number of pressures that can prevent them from accurately depicting competing scientific claims in terms of their credibility within the scientific community as a whole .
First , reporters must often deal with editors who reflexively cry out for " balance . "
Meanwhile , determining how much weight to give different sides in a scientific debate requires considerable expertise on the issue at hand .
Few journalists have real scientific knowledge , and even beat reporters who know a great deal about certain scientific issues may know little about other ones they 're suddenly asked to cover .
Moreover , the question of how to substitute accuracy for mere " balance " in science reporting has become ever more pointed as journalists have struggled to cover the Bush administration , which scientists have widely accused of scientific distortions .
As the Union of Concerned Scientists , an alliance of citizens and scientists , and other critics have noted , Bush administration statements and actions have often given privileged status to a fringe scientific view over a well - documented , extremely robust mainstream conclusion .
Journalists have thus had to decide whether to report on a he said / she said battle between scientists and the White House -- which has had very few scientific defenders -- or get to the bottom of each case of alleged distortion and report on who 's actually right .
No wonder scientists have often denounced the press for giving credibility to fringe scientific viewpoints .
And without a doubt , the topic on which scientists have most vehemently decried both the media and the Bush administration is global warming .
While some scientific uncertainty remains in the climate field , the most rigorous peer - reviewed assessments -- produced roughly every five years by the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) -- have cemented a consensus view that human greenhouse gas emissions are probably ( i.e. , the conclusion has a fairly high degree of scientific certainty ) helping to fuel the greenhouse effect and explain the observed planetary warming of the past fifty years .
Yet the Bush administration has consistently sought to undermine this position by hyping lingering uncertainties and seeking to revise government scientific reports .
It has also relied upon energy interests and a small cadre of dissenting scientists ( some of whom are funded , in part , by industry ) in formulating climate policy .
The centrality of the climate change issue to the scientific critique of the press does not arise by accident .
Climate change has mind - bogglingly massive ramifications , not only for the future of our carbon - based economy but for the planet itself .
Energy interests wishing to stave off action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions have a documented history of supporting the small group of scientists who question the human role in causing climate change -- as well as consciously strategizing about how to sow confusion on the issue and sway journalists .
In 1998 , for instance , John H. Cushman , Jr. , of The New York Times exposed an internal American Petroleum Institute memo outlining a strategy to invest millions to " maximize the impact of scientific views consistent with ours with Congress , the media and other key audiences . "
Perhaps most startling , the memo cited a need to " recruit and train " scientists " who do not have a long history of visibility and / or participation in the climate change debate " to participate in media outreach and counter the mainstream scientific view .
This seems to signal an awareness that after a while , journalists catch on to the connections between contrarian scientists and industry .
But in the meantime , a window of opportunity apparently exists when reporters can be duped by fresh faces .
" There 's a very small set of people " who question the consensus , says Science 's executive editor - in - chief , Donald Kennedy .
" And there are a great many thoughtful reporters in the media who believe that in order to produce a balanced story , you 've got to pick one commentator from side A and one commentator from side B. I call it the two - card Rolodex problem . "
The Stanford climatologist Stephen Schneider echoes this concern .
A scientist whose interactions with the media on the subject of climate change span decades , Schneider has reflected at length on the subject , especially in his 1989 book Global Warming .
Schneider 's climate - change
Web site also devotes a section to what he calls " Mediarology , " where he notes that in science debates " there are rarely just two polar opposite sides , but rather a spectrum of potential outcomes , oftentimes accompanied by a considerable history of scientific assessment of the relative credibility of these many possibilities .
A climate scientist faced with a reporter locked into the ' get both sides ' mindset risks getting his or her views stuffed into one of two boxed storylines : ' we 're worried ' or ' it will all be okay . '
And sometimes , these two ' boxes ' are misrepresentative ; a mainstream , well - established consensus may be ' balanced ' against the opposing views of a few extremists , and to the uninformed , each position seems equally credible . "
Academics have studied media coverage of climate change , and the results confirm climate scientists ' longstanding complaints .
In a recent paper published in the journal Global Environmental Change , the scholars Maxwell T. Boykoff and Jules M. Boykoff analyzed coverage of the issue in The New York Times , The Washington Post , The Wall Street Journal , and the Los Angeles Times between 1988 and 2002 .
During this fourteen - year period , climate scientists successfully forged a powerful consensus on human - caused climate change .
But reporting in these four major papers did not at all reflect this consensus .
The Boykoffs analyzed a random sample of 636 articles .
They found that a majority -- 52.7 percent -- gave " roughly equal attention " to the scientific consensus view that humans contribute to climate change and to the energy - industry - supported view that natural fluctuations suffice to explain the observed warming .
By comparison , just 35.3 percent of articles emphasized the scientific consensus view while still presenting the other side in a subordinate fashion .
Finally , 6.2 percent emphasized the industry - supported view , and a mere 5.9 percent focused on the consensus view without bothering to provide the industry / skeptic counterpoint .
Most intriguing , the Boykoffs ' study found a shift in coverage between 1988 -- when climate change first garnered wide media coverage -- and 1990 .
During that period , journalists broadly moved from focusing on scientists ' views of climate change to providing " balanced " accounts .
During this same period , the Boykoffs noted , climate change became highly politicized and a " small group of influential spokespeople and scientists emerged in the news " to question the mainstream view that industrial emissions are warming the planet .
The authors conclude that the U.S. " prestige - press " has produced " informationally biased coverage of global warming ... hidden behind the veil of journalistic balance . "
In a rich irony , a UPI report on August 30 , 2004 , about the Boykoffs ' study covered it in -- that 's right -- a thoroughly " balanced " fashion .
The article gave considerable space to the viewpoint of Frank Maisano , a former spokesman for the industry - sponsored Global Climate Coalition and a professional media consultant , who called the Boykoffs ' contentions " absolutely outrageous " and proceeded to reiterate many of the dubious criticisms of mainstream climate science for which the " skeptic " camp is so notorious .
In the process , the UPI piece epitomized all the pathologies of U.S. coverage of climate change -- pathologies that are n't generally recapitulated abroad .
Media research suggests that U.S. journalists cover climate change very differently from their European counterparts , often lending much more credence to the viewpoints of " skeptics " like Maisano .
In an interview , Maxwell Boykoff -- an environmental studies Ph.D. candidate at the University of California at Santa Cruz -- noted that if there 's one American journalist who cuts against the grain in covering the climate issue , it 's Andrew C. Revkin of The New York Times .
That 's revealing , because Revkin happens to be the only reporter at any of the major newspapers studied who covers " global environmental change " as his exclusive beat , which Revkin says means writing about climate change " close to half " of the time .
Revkin has also been covering global warming since 1988 and has written a book on the topic .
( This fall he began teaching environmental reporting as an adjunct at Columbia 's Graduate School of Journalism . )
Revkin agrees with the basic thrust of the Boykoff study , but he also notes that the analysis focuses only on the quantitative aspect of climate - change coverage , rather than more subtle qualitative questions such as how reporters " characterize the voices " of the people they quote .
After all , the issue is n't just how many column inches journalists give to the perspective of climate - change " skeptics " versus the mainstream view .
It 's also how they identify these contrarian figures , many of whom have industry ties .
Take a January 8 , 2004 , article by The Washington Post 's Guy Gugliotta , reporting on a study in the journal Nature finding that global warming could " drive 15 to 37 percent of living species toward extinction by mid-century . "
Gugliotta 's story hardly suffered from phony balance .
But when it did include a " skeptic " perspective -- in a thoroughly subordinate fashion in the ninth paragraph -- the skeptic 's industry ties went unmentioned :
One skeptic , William O'Keefe , president of the George C. Marshall Institute , a conservative science policy organization , criticized the Nature study , saying that the research ' ignored species ' ability to adapt to higher temperatures ' and assumed that technologies will not arise to reduce emissions .
What Gugliotta did n't say is this : the Marshall Institute receives substantial support from oil giant ExxonMobil , a leading funder of think tanks , frequently conservative in orientation , that question the scientific consensus on climate change .
Moreover , O'Keefe himself has chaired the anti-Kyoto Protocol Global Climate Coalition , and served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of the American Petroleum Institute .
Senate documents from 2001 through 2003 also list him as a registered lobbyist for ExxonMobil .
( To be fair , when I discussed this matter with O'Keefe while working on a previous article , he said that he registers as a lobbyist " out of an abundance of caution " and keeps his ExxonMobil and Marshall Institute work " separate . " )
Asked about all of this , Gugliotta said he simply did n't know of O'Keefe 's industry connections at the time .
He said he considered O'Keefe a " reasoned skeptic " who provided a measured perspective from the other side of the issue .
Fair enough .
His industry ties do n't necessarily detract from that , but readers still should know about them .
The point is n't to single out Gugliotta -- any number of other examples could be found .
And such omissions do n't merely occur on the news pages .
Some major op - ed pages also appear to think that to fulfill their duty of providing a range of views , they should publish dubious contrarian opinion pieces on climate change even when those pieces are written by nonscientists .
For instance , on July 7 , 2003 , The Washington Post published a revisionist op - ed on climate science by James Schlesinger , a former secretary of both energy and defense , and a former director of Central Intelligence .
" In recent years the inclination has been to attribute the warming we have lately experienced to a single dominant cause -- the increase in greenhouse gases , " wrote Schlesinger .
" Yet climate has always been changing -- and sometimes the swings have been rapid . "
The clear implication was that scientists do n't know enough about the causes of climate change to justify strong pollution controls .
That 's not how most climatologists feel , but then Schlesinger is an economist by training , not a climatologist .
Moreover , his Washington
Post byline failed to note that he sits on the board of directors of Peabody Energy , the largest coal company in the world , and has since 2001 .
Peabody has resisted the push for mandatory controls on greenhouse gas emissions , such as those that would be required by the Kyoto Protocol .
In a 2001 speech , the Peabody executive John Wootten argued that " there remains great uncertainty in the scientific understanding of climate , " and that " imposition of immediate constraints on emissions from fossil - fuel use is not warranted . "
Funny , that 's pretty much what Schlesinger argued .
* * * * * *
For another group of scientists , the grievances with the press have emerged more recently , but arguably with far greater force .
That 's because on an issue of great concern to these scientists -- the various uses and abuses of somatic cell nuclear transfer , or cloning -- journalists have swallowed the claims of the scientific fringe hook , line , and sinker .
Consider the great 2002 cloning hoax .
In the media lull following Christmas , one Brigitte Boisselier -- the " scientific director " of Clonaid , a company linked to the UFO - obsessed Raelian sect , and already a semi-celebrity who had been profiled in The New York Times Magazine -- announced the birth of the world 's first cloned baby .
At her press conference , covered live by CNN , MSNBC , and Fox , Boisselier could not even produce a picture of the alleged child -- " Eve " -- much less independent scientific verification of her claims .
She instead promised proof within eight or nine days .
Needless to say , the whole affair should have made the press wary .
Nevertheless , a media frenzy ensued , with journalists occasionally mocking and questioning the Raelians while allowing their claims to drive the coverage .
CNN 's medical correspondent , Sanjay Gupta , provided a case in point .
When he interviewed Boisselier following her press conference , Gupta called Clonaid a group with " the capacity to clone " and told Boisselier , credulously , " We are certainly going to be anxiously awaiting to see some of the proof from these independent scientists next week . "
Perhaps most outspoken in criticizing the press during the Clonaid fiasco was Arthur Caplan , the University of Pennsylvania biomedical ethicist .
As one of the nation 's most quoted bioethicists , Caplan had the advantage of actual access to the media during the feeding frenzy .
Yet that familiarity made little difference .
As Caplan complained in an MSNBC.com column following the Raelians ' announcement , no one wanted to listen to his skepticism because that would have required dropping the story : " As soon as I heard about the Raelians ' cloning claim , I knew it was nonsense , " wrote Caplan .
" The media have shown themselves incapable of covering the key social and intellectual phenomena of the 21st century , namely the revolution in genetics and biology . "
Caplan observed that Clonaid had no scientific peer - reviewed publications to prove its techniques were up to snuff , and that cloning had barely worked in live animal species , and then only after countless initial failures .
Nevertheless , Clonaid had implausibly claimed a stunning success rate -- five pregnancies in ten attempts -- in its experiments .
The Clonaid fiasco shows the media at their absolute worst in covering scientific issues .
Reviewing the coverage two years later is a painful exercise .
As even Gupta later admitted , " I think if we had known ... that there was going to be no proof at this press conference , I think that we probably would have pulled the plug . "
Later on , even the Raelians themselves reportedly laughed at how easy it was to get free publicity .
But this was n't just fun and games .
The political consequences of the press 's cloning coverage were considerable .
Widespread fear of human cloning inevitably lends strength to sweeping legislation that would ban all forms of cloning , despite the fact that many scientists think the cloning of embryos for research purposes holds significant medical promise ; it would allow for the creation of embryonic - stem - cell lines genetically matched to individual patients .
Thus , on an issue where one side of the debate thrives on fear , the media delivered exactly what these cloning - ban advocates desired .
Where the press 's unjustifiable addiction to " balance " on climate change produces a political stalemate on a pressing issue of global consequence , its addiction to cloning cranks provided a potent political weapon to the enemies of crucial research .
None of those examples of poorly " balanced " science reporting arise from precisely the same set of journalistic shortcomings .
In Scott Gold 's case at the Los Angeles Times , he appears to have known the scientific issues perfectly well .
That gave his writing an authority that set off warning bells in an editor wary of bias .
That 's very different from the Clonaid example , where sheer credulousness among members of the media -- combined with sensationalism and a slow news period -- were the problem .
And that 's different still from the problem of false balance in the media coverage of climate change in the U.S. , which has been chronic for more than a decade .
Yet in each case , the basic journalistic remedy would probably be the same .
As a general rule , journalists should treat fringe scientific claims with considerable skepticism , and find out what major peer - reviewed papers or assessments have to say about them .
Moreover , they should adhere to the principle that the more outlandish or dramatic the claim , the more skepticism it warrants .
The Los Angeles Times 's Carroll observes that " every good journalist has a bit of a contrarian in his soul , " but it is precisely this impulse that can lead reporters astray .
The fact is , nonscientist journalists can all too easily fall for scientific - sounding claims that they can't adequately evaluate on their own .
That does n't mean that scientific consensus is right in every instance .
There are famous examples , in fact , of when it was proved wrong : Galileo comes to mind , as does a lowly patent clerk named Einstein .
In the vast majority of modern cases , however , scientific consensus can be expected to hold up under scrutiny precisely because it was reached through a lengthy and rigorous process of professional skepticism and criticism .
At the very least , journalists covering science - based policy debates should familiarize themselves with this professional proving ground , learn what it says about the relative merits of competing claims , and " balance " their reports accordingly .
Working as a pharmacy technician is an extremely rewarding experience .
If you enjoy helping people or just need a new career path , this may be the one for you !
There are many different types of programs that will provide the knowledge required , such as those provided by technical schools , online courses or community college classes .
Technical schools and community colleges provide hands - on skill building .
The courses are typically taught by people that have worked in the field and have experience as a pharmacy technician .
These types of programs will set you up with an unpaid internship so you will have pharmacy experience to put on your resume .
Formal classes are also a great idea if you have a hard time studying independently .
If you would rather be able to work at your own pace , then online courses are probably the better option .
However , there is usually a requirement for hours worked in a pharmacy before the certification can be granted .
Locating a pharmacy to work in is your responsibility as a student in most cases .
Cost - wise , online courses are generally more inexpensive than technical schools and community colleges .
Formal training institutions have financial advisers that are willing to work with you to fund your education .
Once the education path has been chosen , the next step is to decide on the desired pharmacy environment .
Retail pharmacies are excellent options for people who enjoy working with the public .
Hospital pharmacies are perfect for people that are a little more introverted .
Beyond the world of hospital and retail , there are home infusion pharmacies , pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities , public clinic pharmacies and many more .
Job prospects will be bountiful with a well - rounded skill set .
Search Pharmacy Technician Programs
Get information on Pharmacy Technician programs by entering your zip code and request enrollment information .
When the on - the - job training begins , it is best to try to train in the environment that coincides with the skills required for a future position .
For example , if you wanted to ultimately work in a hospital environment , then you should probably do your internship in a hospital pharmacy .
Since more advanced skills are generally required for hospital jobs , some technicians will choose to build their intravenous medication admixture techniques to secure more job options for the future .
There are many different types of certifications available to a pharmacy technician .
One of the most prominent is the national exam offered by the Pharmacy Technician Certification Board .
This certification is actually required in some states .
The exam is made up of one hundred questions chosen from a pool of nine hundred , so everyone will get a slightly different test .
There are also various job - specific certifications obtainable through different organizations , such as the National Pharmacy Technician Association .
Education is only the first step .
The classes you take will give you a solid foundation to use in the field after graduation .
Research your options and find the best plan that works for you .
The Clackamas County sheriff 's sergeant who shot and killed himself and his wife Friday night had filed for divorce last August , but neighbors said the couple were still living together and appeared to be on good terms .
Jeffrey A. Grahn killed his wife , shot and killed another woman , then wounded a third woman before shooting himself at a crowded Gresham restaurant Friday night , police said .
Grahn of Boring killed his wife , Charlotte Grahn , 47 , and her friend Kathleen Hoffmeister , 53 , of Gresham .
The two women were socializing at the M&M Restaurant and Lounge with their friend Victoria Schulmerich , 53 , of Gresham , whom Grahn also shot .
Schulmerich was in critical condition Saturday night at OHSU Hospital .
Grahn , 46 , opened fire about 9:30 p.m. , police said .
He was pronounced dead at the scene , as was Hoffmeister .
Charlotte Grahn was taken to Legacy Emanuel Medical Center , where she died Saturday afternoon .
The Grahns had four children , ages 13 to 23 .
Police released few details about the shooting Saturday , saying only that it involved a domestic dispute between the Grahns .
Officers from the Gresham Police Department , the agency investigating the incident , gave no motive for the shootings and did not say whether Grahn used his service weapon .
They also did n't say how many shots Grahn fired .
Grahn , a 15 - year veteran of the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office , joined the department in February 1995 and was promoted to the rank of sergeant in 2003 .
He served as the head of security of Clackamas County Courthouse but had been reassigned as a swing shift supervisor away from the courthouse a year ago , according to Jim Strovink , a spokesman for the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office .
He had no criminal record .
In 2007 , Clackamas County Sheriff Craig Roberts issued a commendation to Grahn and to another deputy for their work while the courthouse was being renovated .
Both deputies suggested security upgrades to go with the remodel .
" Sgt. Grahn also supervises transportation to and from the courthouse , and he 's worked miracles with a limited staff , " Roberts said in a news release at the time .
" He has enhanced communication between the sheriff 's office and judicial and legal staffers .
He expanded the use of plans , mission sheets and briefings to improve security .
Once the courthouse was completed , it was n't just an upgrade of a building -- it was an upgrade of an entire system . "
The shooting was the second in downtown Gresham in the past two weeks .
Police and Gresham Mayor Shane Bemis held a news conference Saturday to assure the public that the city is still safe .
Two men who had been smoking outside the restaurant Friday night said they heard a shot and saw a blonde woman drop to the pavement .
Then a man ran back into the lounge and they heard two more shots .
The men said they often visit the M&M , at 137 N. Main Ave. , and described it as a low - key club .
A jazz band was playing there Friday night .
Business owner Cissy Heitzman , who was n't present when the shooting occurred , said the restaurant has been at that location for about 25 years .
The area , just north of Powell Boulevard , has a variety of small businesses , including several eateries , a toy store , a furniture outlet and a skate / snowboard shop .
On Saturday afternoon , neighbors of the Grahns quietly discussed the tragedy .
Dean Phelps and Steve Bates , who live on either side of the Grahns , said the couple often had neighborhood barbecues .
" They were n't people who stayed to themselves , " Phelps said .
" They were good people .
And they did a lot of things together as a family . "
Phelps said he knew the Grahns had filed for divorce and that they had seen a marriage counselor .
He said he did n't talk to the couple about that aspect of their life .
Just a week ago , he said , Grahn , his wife and their youngest son came over to Phelps ' home after Colts quarterback Peyton Manning threw a pivotal fourth - quarter interception in the Super Bowl .
" They both knew I was a big Colts fan , " he said , and they brought over a box of tissues to console him after the Colts ' loss .
Grahn was the type of person who would stop whatever he was doing to help a neighbor , Phelps said .
One time , Grahn helped Phelps with a plumbing problem at his house .
Phelps said Grahn was once in the building industry and that he'd built the three - vehicle shop next to his four - bedroom , three - bath house at Southeast Sylvian Way near the center of Boring .
The house is at the end of a cul - de-sac .
Charlotte Grahn often stopped by the Phelps home .
" We 'd have a knock on the back door , " he said , " and it'd be Charlotte seeing what we were up to . "
The couple had planned a trip together to Las Vegas for their daughter 's 21st birthday , Phelps said , which they 'd done for their eldest son when he turned 21 .
Phelps said he viewed the trip as an indication the couple would reconcile .
" We hoped they 'd get through this , " he said .
--
--
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The cap - and - trade bill may have stalled in Congress , but its opponents are n’t taking it easy .
They ’ve launched a new assault on the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) — hoping to neutralize the only legal weapon the Obama administration has to curb carbon emissions if the climate legislation fails .
Last month the EPA determined that greenhouse gases are a threat to human health , meaning that the agency is now required by the Clean Air Act to regulate such pollutants .
And with no - one sure when the Senate will take up the cap - and - trade bill , EPA regulation has become a do - or - die issue for both camps in the climate fight .
Advocates of climate action see it as the lone tool — albeit an imperfect one — that the Obama administration can use to implement significant emissions reductions in the absence of legislation .
Foes , meanwhile , decry it as a back - door maneuver that must be stopped at all costs .
In Congress , Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski has emerged as the leading — and most canny — threat to the EPA .
Unlike many of her GOP colleagues , Murkowski acknowledges that emissions from human activity are warming the planet and must be reduced .
( That her state is warming faster than most provides a good reason for her to be concerned . )
And she ’s couching her attacks on the EPA in an argument that resonates with some Democrats and environmentalists : Legislation is a more effective way to address emissions , so the agency should back off to give Congress time to pass a law .
Murkowski spokesman Robert Dillon tells Mother Jones that the senator is considering a number of possible options to prevent the EPA from writing new rules on emissions in the coming months .
The most likely is an amendment that would block the agency ’s ability to regulate greenhouse gases .
A proposal Murkowski offered last fall — written with help from an energy lobbyist and a former Bush EPA official — would have prevented the agency from regulating stationary sources of emissions ( like power plants , refineries , and manufacturers ) for one year .
That measure never came up for a vote .
Dillon says the senator could introduce a similar amendment to an unrelated bill dealing with the debt ceiling that ’s due to be considered next week .
Speaking at an event on Thursday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) said Murkowski ’s proposed amendment would be “ an embarrassment for the United States ” and vowed to “ work very hard to defeat it next week . ”
But Murkowski is also mulling more obscure procedural maneuvers — including a rarely used “ resolution of disapproval , ” according to Dillon .
This sort of bill — which is not susceptible to a filibuster and requires only 51 votes — enables Congress to overturn regulations set by the executive branch .
“ We are confident that 51 is a threshold we can pass , ” says Dillon , noting that Murkowski already has 34 GOP supporters and that her office has also been in talks with Senate Democrats .
Senate supporters of climate action say Murkowski could obtain the votes of moderate Democrats from coal , oil , and manufacturing states .
However , a resolution would still need to be approved by the House and signed by the president — both long shots , to put it mildly .
“ I think we ’re a little worried about [ Murkowski ’s resolution ] winning .
I ’m not sure we ’re worried about it becoming law , ” a Senate Democratic staffer says .
Murkowski has one more strategy up her sleeve : offering up the Democrats ’ own climate legislation for a vote as an amendment to the debt ceiling legislation .
This move would n’t have any bearing on the EPA — the only point would be to embarrass Democrats by demonstrating the lack of support for the Kerry - Boxer cap - and - trade bill .
“ The thought was , let ’s just give them a vote and see what happens , ” Dillon explains .
( He adds that this option is n’t at the top of Murkowski ’s list . )
Environmental advocates once saw Murkowski as one of the few Republicans who might support a cap - and - trade bill .
But her anti-EPA machinations have them wondering whether she is simply a savvier type of obstructionist than her GOP colleagues .
Murkowski , who is up for re-election this year , hails from an oil and gas state , and throughout her career has received more funding from electric utilities than any other industry .
Even more telling , despite her promising comments on climate change in the past , she has voted against previous bipartisan bills to curb carbon emissions in 2003 and 2005 ( and did not vote on the 2008 bill ) , and has opposed the Kerry - Boxer cap - and - trade legislation put forward this year .
Murkowski clearly has climate advocates worried .
A coalition of 37 environmental , science and public health organizations wrote a letter to senators condemning her proposed amendment restricting EPA action .
The 12 Democrats on the Environment and Public Works Committee , which has primary oversight over the EPA and climate legislation , issued a similarly critical statement this week .
Yet one Democratic staffer argues that Murkowski ’s ploy to kneecap the EPA could backfire .
“ This is the administrators ’ determination , based on the science , that public health and welfare are affected by global warming pollution , and Murkowski ’s going to step in and say ‘ Nope , you do n’t have that authority ? ' ” said the staffer .
“ That ’s a gift to us if she really proceeds with that . ”
One thing is certain :
The EPA has moved to front and center in the climate battle .
Even if Sen .
Reid sticks to his plan of moving the cap - and - trade bill forward this spring , it ’s become increasingly clear that a solid bloc of Democrats wo n’t back the bill :
An aide working closely on the legislation estimated that at least five or six Democrats will vote “ no . ”
To regulate or not to regulate — that ’s now the looming question .
A multiple domains hosting plans is a type of hosting plan which allows multiple domain names to be attached and allocated to separate portions of the hosting .
This can be accomplished on web hosting services which provide the appropriate software and hardware requirements to allow clients to partition their hosting plan to be shared between the domains .
The several domains can also share all of the resources of the hosting plan but access information only available within a certain folder available somewhere within the hosting .
It is fruitful for the people who buy large bandwidth as well as disk space ; however , unable to make full use of the facilities .
Multiple Domain Web Hosting Services offers a centralized website as well as options for organizing all the domain names ; moreover , this kind of solution allows the customer to park domains .
Multiple domain hosting is different from having multiple subdomains .
A subdomain is a folder or portion of the hosting where another website is stored and can be accessed through various means .
With multiple domains hosting completely unique websites can be attached to a single hosting plan under a single price .
It is important to understand when a hosting company is trying to market their services as unique domains or subdomains which can really confuse consumers .
Some hosting companies also misuse the term “ multiple domains ” in their hosting plans to make it possible to redirect multiple domains to a single hosted website .
It is up to the client to understand what the hosting company is trying to sell them before they make a purchase .
Actual multi-domain hosting provides two separate control panels for each domain .
Also , individual logins , tools , and email accounts accompany these accounts .
Data transfer quotas and disk space can also be allocated to specific accounts .
Although maintenance is much more labor intensive , there is a great deal of flexibility when creating different domains since each have their own settings .
Multiple domain hosting is by far the most effective and affordable method of hosting a number of domains .
If you were to find a hosting provider for each domain account , maintenance would be tremendously difficult and monthly costs would be through the roof .
Luckily , a consolidated effort has been created to ease wear on the servers and provide an affordable option to webmasters .
Type Object
Allow the flexible creation of new “ classes ” by creating a single class , each instance of which represents a different type of object .
Imagine we ’re working on a fantasy role - playing game .
Our task is to write the code for the hordes of vicious monsters that seek to slay our brave hero .
Monsters have a bunch of different attributes : health , attacks , graphics , sounds , etc. , but for example purposes we ’ll just worry about the first two .
Each monster in the game has a value for its current health .
It starts out full , and each time the monster is wounded , it diminishes .
Monsters also have an attack string .
When the monster attacks our hero , that text will be shown to the user somehow .
( We do n’t care how here . )
The designers tell us that monsters come in a variety of different breeds , like “ dragon ” or “ troll ” .
Each breed describes a kind of monster that exists in the game , and there can be multiple monsters of the same breed running around in the dungeon at the same time .
The breed determines a monster ’s starting health — dragons start off with more than trolls , making them harder to kill .
It also determines the attack string — all monsters of the same breed attack the same way .
With that game design in mind , we fire up our text editor and start coding .
According to the design , a dragon is a kind of monster , a troll is another kind , and so on with the other breeds .
Thinking object - oriented , that leads us to a Monster base class :
This is the so - called “ is - a ” relationship .
In conventional OOP thinking , since a dragon “ is - a ” monster , we model that by making Dragon a subclass of Monster .
As we ’ll see , subclassing is only one way of enshrining a conceptual relation like that into code .
class Monster { public : virtual ~ Monster ( ) {} virtual const char * getAttack ( ) = 0 ; protected : Monster ( int starting Health ) : health_ ( starting Health ) {} private : int health_ ; //
Current health .
} ;
The public getAttack ( ) function lets the combat code get the string that should be displayed when the monster attacks the hero .
Each derived breed class will override this to provide a different message .
The constructor is protected and takes the starting health for the monster .
We ’ll have derived classes for each breed that provide their own public constructors that call this one , passing in the starting health that is appropriate for that breed .
Now let ’s see a couple of breed subclasses :
class Dragon : public Monster { public : Dragon ( ) : Monster ( 230 ) {} virtual const char * getAttack ( ) { return " The dragon breathes fire ! " ; } } ; class Troll : public Monster { public : Troll ( ) : Monster ( 48 ) {} virtual const char * getAttack ( ) { return " The troll clubs you ! " ; } } ;
Exclamation points make everything more exciting !
Each class derived from Monster passes in the starting health and overrides getAttack ( ) to return the attack string for that breed .
Everything works as expected , and before long , we ’ve got our hero running around slaying a variety of beasties .
We keep slinging code , and before we know it , we ’ve got dozens of monster subclasses , from acidic slimes to zombie goats .
Then , strangely , things start to bog down .
Our designers ultimately want to have hundreds of breeds , and we find ourselves spending all of our time writing these little seven - line subclasses and recompiling .
It gets worse — the designers want to start tuning the breeds we ’ve already coded .
Our formerly productive workday degenerates to :
Get email from designer asking to change health of troll from 48 to 52 .
Check out and change Troll.h .
Recompile game .
Check in change .
Reply to email .
Repeat .
We spend the day frustrated because we ’ve turned into data monkeys .
Our designers are frustrated because it takes them forever to get a simple number tuned .
What we need is the ability to change breed stats without having to recompile the whole game every time .
Even better , we ’d like designers to be able to create and tune breeds without any programmer intervention at all .
At a very high level , the problem we ’re trying to solve is pretty simple .
We have a bunch of different monsters in the game , and we want to share certain attributes between them .
A horde of monsters are beating on the hero , and we want some of them to use the same text for their attack .
We define that by saying that all of those monsters are the same “ breed ” , and that the breed determines the attack string .
We decided to implement this concept using inheritance since it lines up with our intuition of classes .
A dragon is a monster , and each dragon in the game is an instance of this dragon “ class ” .
Defining each breed as a subclass of an abstract base Monster class , and having each monster in the game be an instance of that derived breed class mirrors that .
We end up with a class hierarchy like this :
Here , the means “ inherits from ” .
Each instance of a monster in the game will be of one of the derived monster types .
The more breeds we have , the bigger the class hierarchy .
That ’s the problem of course : adding new breeds means adding new code , and each breed has to be compiled in as its own type .
This works , but it is n’t the only option .
We could also architect our code so that each monster has a breed .
Instead of subclassing Monster for each breed , we have a single Monster class and a single Breed class :
Here , the means “ is referenced by ” .
That ’s it .
Two classes .
Notice that there ’s no inheritance at all .
With this system , each monster in the game is simply an instance of class Monster .
The Breed class contains the information that ’s shared between all monsters of the same breed : starting health and the attack string .
To associate monsters with breeds , we give each Monster instance a reference to a Breed object containing the information for that breed .
To get the attack string , a monster just calls a method on its breed .
The Breed class essentially defines a monster ’s “ type ” .
Each breed instance is an object that represents a different conceptual type , hence the name of the pattern : Type Object .
What ’s especially powerful about this pattern is that now we can define new types of things without complicating the codebase at all .
We ’ve essentially lifted a portion of the type system out of the hard - coded class hierarchy into data we can define at runtime .
We can create hundreds of different breeds by instantiating more instances of Breed with different values .
If we create breeds by initializing them from data read from some configuration file , we have the ability to define new types of monsters completely in data .
So easy , a designer could do it !
Define a type object class and a typed object class .
Each type object instance represents a different logical type .
Each typed object stores a reference to the type object that describes its type .
Instance - specific data is stored in the typed object instance , and data or behavior that should be shared across all instances of the same conceptual type is stored in the type object .
Objects referencing the same type object will function as if they were the same type .
This lets us share data and behavior across a set of similar objects , much like subclassing lets us do , but without having a fixed set of hard - coded subclasses .
This pattern is useful anytime you need to define a variety of different “ kinds ” of things , but baking the kinds into your language ’s type system is too rigid .
In particular , it ’s useful when either of these is true :
You do n’t know what types you will need up front .
( For example , what if our game needed to support downloading content that contained new breeds of monsters ? )
You want to be able to modify or add new types without having to recompile or change code .
This pattern is about moving the definition of a “ type ” from the imperative but rigid language of code into the more flexible but less behavioral world of objects in memory .
The flexibility is good , but you lose some things by hoisting your types into data .
One advantage of using something like C++’s type system is that the compiler handles all of the bookkeeping for the classes automatically .
The data that defines each class is automatically compiled into the static memory segment of the executable and just works .
With the Type Object pattern , we are now responsible for managing not only our monsters in memory , but also their types — we have to make sure all of the breed objects are instantiated and kept in memory as long as our monsters need them .
Whenever we create a new monster , it ’s up to us to ensure that it ’s correctly initialized with a reference to a valid breed .
We ’ve freed ourselves from some of the limitations of the compiler , but the cost is that we have to re-implement some of what it used to be doing for us .
Under the hood , C++ virtual methods are implemented using something called a “ virtual function table ” , or just “ vtable ” .
A vtable is a simple struct containing a set of function pointers , one for each virtual method in a class .
There is one vtable in memory for each class .
Each instance of a class has a pointer to the vtable for its class .
When you call a virtual function , the code first looks up the vtable for the object , then it calls the function stored in the appropriate function pointer in the table .
Sound familiar ?
The vtable is our breed object , and the pointer to the vtable is the reference the monster holds to its breed .
C++ classes are the Type Object pattern applied to C , handled automatically by the compiler .
With subclassing , you can override a method and do whatever you want to — calculate values procedurally , call other code , etc .
The sky is the limit .
We could define a monster subclass whose attack string changed based on the phase of the moon if we wanted to .
( Handy for werewolves , I suppose . )
When we use the Type Object pattern instead , we replace an overridden method with a member variable .
Instead of having monster subclasses that override a method to calculate an attack string using different code , we have a breed object that stores an attack string in a different variable .
This makes it very easy to use type objects to define type - specific data , but hard to define type - specific behavior .
If , for example , different breeds of monster needed to use different AI algorithms , using this pattern becomes more challenging .
There are a couple of ways we can get around this limitation .
A simple solution is to have a fixed set of pre-defined behaviors and then use data in the type object to simply select one of them .
For example , let ’s say our monster AI will always be either “ stand still ” , “ chase hero ” , or “ whimper and cower in fear ” ( hey , they ca n’t all be mighty dragons ) .
We can define to implement each of those behaviors .
Then , we can associate an AI algorithm with a breed by having it store a pointer to the appropriate function .
Another more powerful solution is to actually support defining behavior completely in data .
The Interpreter and Bytecode patterns both let us build objects that represent behavior .
If we read in a data file and use that to create a data structure for one of these patterns , we ’ve moved the behavior ’s definition completely out of code and into content .
Over time , games are getting more data - driven .
Hardware gets more powerful , and we find ourselves limited more by how much content we can author than how hard we can push the hardware .
With a 64 K cartridge , the challenge was cramming the gameplay into it .
With a double - sided DVD , the challenge is filling it with gameplay .
Scripting languages and other higher - level ways of defining game behavior can give us a much needed productivity boost , at the expense of less optimal runtime performance .
Since hardware keeps getting better but our brainpower does n’t , that trade - off starts to make more and more sense .
For our first pass at an implementation , let ’s start simple and build the basic system described in the motivation section .
We ’ll start with the Breed class :
class Breed { public : Breed ( int health , const char * attack ) : health_ ( health ) , attack_ ( attack ) {} int get Health ( ) { return health_ ; } const char * getAttack ( ) { return attack_ ; } private : int health_ ; //
Starting health .
const char * attack_ ; } ;
Very simple .
It ’s basically just a container for two data fields : the starting health and the attack string .
Let ’s see how monsters use it :
class Monster { public : Monster ( Breed & breed ) : health_ ( breed .
getHealth ( ) ) , breed_ ( breed ) {} const char * getAttack ( ) { return breed_ .
getAttack ( ) ; } private : int health_ ; // Current health .
Breed & breed_ ; } ;
When we construct a monster , we give it a reference to a breed object .
This defines the monster ’s breed instead of the subclasses we were previously using .
In the constructor , Monster uses the breed to determine its starting health .
To get the attack string , the monster simply forwards the call to its breed .
This very simple chunk of code is the core idea of the pattern .
Everything from here on out is bonus .
With what we have now , we construct a monster directly and are responsible for passing in its breed .
This is a bit backwards from how regular objects are instantiated in most OOP languages — we do n’t usually allocate a blank chunk of memory and then give it its class .
Instead , we call a constructor function on the class itself , and it ’s responsible for giving us a new instance .
We can apply this same pattern to our type objects :
class Breed { public : Monster * newMonster ( ) { return new Monster ( * this ) ; } // Previous Breed code ... } ;
“ Pattern ” is the right word here .
What we ’re talking about is one of the classic patterns from Design Patterns : Factory Method .
In some languages , this pattern is applied for constructing all objects .
In Ruby , Smalltalk , Objective - C , and other languages where classes are objects , you construct new instances by calling a method on the class object itself .
And the class that uses them :
class Monster { friend class Breed ; public : const char * getAttack ( ) { return breed_ .
getAttack ( ) ; } private : Monster ( Breed & breed ) : health_ ( breed .
getHealth ( ) ) , breed_ ( breed ) {} int health_ ; // Current health .
Breed & breed_ ; } ;
The key difference is the newMonster ( ) function in Breed .
That ’s our “ constructor ” factory method .
With our original implementation , creating a monster looked like :
There ’s another minor difference here .
Because the sample code is in C++ , we can use a handy little feature : friend classes .
We ’ve made Monster ’s constructor private , which prevents anyone from calling it directly .
Friend classes sidestep that restriction so Breed can still access it .
This means the only way to create monsters is by going through newMonster ( ) .
Monster * monster = new Monster ( someBreed ) ;
After our changes , it ’s like this :
Monster * monster = someBreed . newMonster ( ) ;
So , why do this ?
There are two steps to creating an object : allocation and initialization .
Monster ’s constructor lets us do all of the initialization we need .
In our example , that ’s only storing the breed , but a full game would be loading graphics , initializing the monster ’s AI , and doing other set - up work .
However , that all happens after allocation .
We ’ve already got a chunk of memory to put our monster into before its constructor is called .
In games , we often want to control that aspect of object creation too : we ’ll typically use things like custom allocators or the Object Pool pattern to control where in memory our objects end up .
Defining a “ constructor ” function in Breed gives us a place to put that logic .
Instead of simply calling new , the newMonster ( ) function can pull the memory from a pool or custom heap before passing control off to Monster for initialization .
By putting this logic inside Breed , in the only function that has the ability to create monsters , we ensure that all monsters go through the memory management scheme we want .
What we have so far is a perfectly serviceable type object system , but it ’s pretty basic .
Our game will eventually have hundreds of different breeds , each with dozens of attributes .
If a designer wants to tune all of the thirty different breeds of troll to make them a little stronger , she ’s got a lot of tedious data entry ahead of her .
What would help is the ability to share attributes across multiple breeds in the same way that breeds let us share attributes across multiple monsters .
Just like we did with our original OOP solution , we can solve this using inheritance .
Only , this time , instead of using our language ’s inheritance mechanism , we ’ll implement it ourselves within our type objects .
To keep things simple , we ’ll only support single inheritance .
In the same way that a class can have a parent base class , we ’ll allow a breed to have a parent breed :
class Breed { public : Breed ( Breed * parent , int health , const char * attack ) : parent_ ( parent ) , health_ ( health ) , attack_ ( attack ) {} int get Health ( ) ; const char * getAttack ( ) ; private : Breed * parent_ ; int health_ ; //
Starting health .
const char * attack_ ; } ;
When we construct a breed , we give it a parent that it inherits from .
We can pass in NULL for a base breed that has no ancestors .
To make this useful , a child breed needs to control which attributes are inherited from its parent and which attributes it overrides and specifies itself .
For our example system , we ’ll say that a breed overrides the monster ’s health by having a non-zero value and overrides the attack by having a non- NULL string .
Otherwise , the attribute will be inherited from its parent .
There are two ways we can implement this .
One is to handle the delegation dynamically every time the attribute is requested , like this :
int Breed :: getHealth ( ) { // Override . if ( health_ != 0 || parent_ == NULL ) return health_ ; // Inherit . return parent_ -> getHealth ( ) ; } const char * Breed :: getAttack () { // Override . if ( attack_ != NULL || parent_ == NULL ) return attack_ ; // Inherit . return parent_ -> getAttack ( ) ; }
This has the advantage of doing the right thing if a breed is modified at runtime to no longer override , or no longer inherit some attribute .
On the other hand , it takes a bit more memory ( it has to retain a pointer to its parent ) , and it ’s slower .
It has to walk the inheritance chain each time you look up an attribute .
If we can rely on a breed ’s attributes not changing , a faster solution is to apply the inheritance at construction time .
This is called “ copy - down ” delegation because we copy inherited attributes down into the derived type when it ’s created .
It looks like this :
Breed ( Breed * parent , int health , const char * attack ) : health_ ( health ) , attack_ ( attack ) { //
Inherit non-overridden attributes . if ( parent != NULL ) { if ( health == 0 ) health_ = parent -> getHealth ( ) ; if ( attack == NULL ) attack_ = parent -> get Attack ( ) ; } }
Note that we no longer need a field for the parent breed .
Once the constructor is done , we can forget the parent since we ’ve already copied all of its attributes in .
To access a breed ’s attribute , now we just return the field :
int getHealth ( ) { return health_ ; } const char * getAttack ( ) { return attack_ ; }
Nice and fast !
Let ’s say our game engine is set up to create the breeds by loading a JSON file that defines them .
It could look like :
{ " Troll " : { " health " : 25 , " attack " : " The troll hits you ! " } , " Troll Archer " : { " parent " : " Troll " , " health " : 0 , " attack " : " The troll archer fires an arrow ! " } , " Troll Wizard " : { " parent " : " Troll " , " health " : 0 , " attack " : " The troll wizard casts a spell on you ! " } }
We ’d have a chunk of code that reads each breed entry and instantiates a new breed instance with its data .
As you can see from the " parent " : " Troll " fields , the Troll Archer and Troll Wizard breeds inherit from the base Troll breed .
Since both of them have zero for their health , they ’ll inherit it from the base Troll breed instead .
This means now our designer can tune the health in Troll and all three breeds will be updated .
As the number of breeds and the number of different attributes each breed has increase , this can be a big time - saver .
Now , with a pretty small chunk of code , we have an open - ended system that puts control in our designers ’ hands and makes the best use of their time .
Meanwhile , we can get back to coding other features .
The Type Object pattern lets us build a type system as if we were designing our own programming language .
The design space is wide open , and we can do all sorts of interesting stuff .
In practice , a few things curtail our fancy .
Time and maintainability will discourage us from anything particularly complicated .
More importantly , whatever type object system we design , our users ( often non-programmers ) will need to be able to easily understand it .
The simpler we can make it , the more usable it will be .
So what we ’ll cover here is the well - trodden design space , and we ’ll leave the far reaches for the academics and explorers .
In our sample implementation , Monster has a reference to a breed , but it does n’t publicly expose it .
Outside code ca n’t get directly at the monster ’s breed .
From the codebase ’s perspective , monsters are essentially typeless , and the fact that they have breeds is an implementation detail .
We can easily change this and allow Monster to return its Breed :
class Monster { public : Breed & getBreed ( ) { return breed_ ; } // Existing code ... } ;
As in other examples in this book , we ’re following a convention where we return objects by reference instead of pointer to indicate to users that NULL will never be returned .
Doing this changes the design of Monster .
The fact that all monsters have breeds is now a publicly visible part of its API .
There are benefits with either choice .
If the type object is encapsulated : The complexity of the Type Object pattern is hidden from the rest of the codebase .
It becomes an implementation detail that only the typed object has to worry about .
The typed object can selectively override behavior from the type object .
Let ’s say we wanted to change the monster ’s attack string when it ’s near death .
Since the attack string is always accessed through Monster , we have a convenient place to put that code : const char * Monster :: getAttack ( ) { if ( health_ < LOW_HEALTH ) { return " The monster flails weakly . " ; } return breed_ .
getAttack ( ) ; } If outside code was calling getAttack ( ) directly on the breed , we would n’t have the opportunity to insert that logic .
We have to write forwarding methods for everything the type object exposes .
This is the tedious part of this design .
If our type object class has a large number of methods , the object class will have to have its own methods for each of the ones that we want to be publicly visible .
If the type object is exposed : Outside code can interact with type objects without having an instance of the typed class .
If the type object is encapsulated , there ’s no way to use it without also having a typed object that wraps it .
This prevents us , for example , from using our constructor pattern where new monsters are created by calling a method on the breed .
If users ca n’t get to breeds directly , they would n’t be able to call it .
The type object is now part of the object ’s public API .
In general , narrow interfaces are easier to maintain than wide ones — the less you expose to the rest of the codebase , the less complexity and maintenance you have to deal with .
By exposing the type object , we widen the object ’s API to include everything the type object provides .
With this pattern , each “ object ” is now a pair of objects : the main object and the type object it uses .
So how do we create and bind the two together ?
Construct the object and pass in its type object : Outside code can control allocation .
Since the calling code is constructing both objects itself , it can control where in memory that occurs .
If we want our objects to be usable in a variety of different memory scenarios ( different allocators , on the stack , etc. ) this gives us the flexibility to do that .
Call a “ constructor ” function on the type object :
The type object controls memory allocation .
This is the other side of the coin .
If we do n’t want users to choose where in memory our objects are created , requiring them to go through a factory method on the type object gives us control over that .
This can be useful if we want to ensure all of our objects come from a certain object pool or other memory allocator .
So far , we ’ve presumed that once an object is created and bound to its type object that that binding will never change .
The type an object is created with is the type it dies with .
This is n’t strictly necessary .
We could allow an object to change its type over time .
Let ’s look back at our example .
When a monster dies , the designers tell us sometimes they want its corpse to become a reanimated zombie .
We could implement this by spawning a new monster with a zombie breed when a monster dies , but another option is to simply get the existing monster and change its breed to a zombie one .
If the type does n’t change :
It ’s simpler both to code and to understand .
At a conceptual level , “ type ” is something most people probably will not expect to change .
This codifies that assumption .
It ’s easier to debug .
If we ’re trying to track down a bug where a monster gets into some weird state , it simplifies our job if we can take for granted that the breed we ’re looking at now is the breed the monster has always had .
If the type can change : There ’s less object creation .
In our example , if the type ca n’t change , we ’ll be forced to burn CPU cycles creating a new zombie monster , copying over any attributes from the original monster that need to be preserved , and then deleting it .
If we can change the type , all that work gets replaced by a simple assignment .
We need to be careful that assumptions are met .
There ’s a fairly tight coupling between an object and its type .
For example , a breed might assume that a monster ’s current health is never above the starting health that comes from the breed .
If we allow the breed to change , we need to make sure that the new type ’s requirements are met by the existing object .
When we change the type , we will probably need to execute some validation code to make sure the object is now in a state that makes sense for the new type .
No inheritance :
It ’s simple .
Simplest is often best .
If you do n’t have a ton of data that needs sharing between your type objects , why make things hard on yourself ?
It can lead to duplicated effort .
I ’ve yet to see an authoring system where designers did n’t want some kind of inheritance .
When you ’ve got fifty different kinds of elves , having to tune their health by changing the same number in fifty different places sucks .
Single inheritance :
It ’s still relatively simple .
It ’s easy to implement , but , more importantly , it ’s also pretty easy to understand .
If non-technical users are going to be working with the system , the fewer moving parts , the better .
There ’s a reason a lot of programming languages only support single inheritance .
It seems to be a sweet spot between power and simplicity .
Looking up attributes is slower .
To get a given piece of data from a type object , we might need to walk up the inheritance chain to find the type that ultimately decides the value .
If we ’re in performance - critical code , we may not want to spend time on this .
Multiple inheritance : Almost all data duplication can be avoided .
With a good multiple inheritance system , users can build a hierarchy for their type objects that has almost no redundancy .
When it comes time to tune numbers , we can avoid a lot of copy and paste .
It ’s complex .
Unfortunately , the benefits for this seem to be more theoretical than practical .
Multiple inheritance is hard to understand and reason about .
If our Zombie Dragon type inherits both from Zombie and Dragon , which attributes come from Zombie and which come from Dragon ?
In order to use the system , users will need to understand how the inheritance graph is traversed and have the foresight to design an intelligent hierarchy .
Most C++ coding standards
I see today tend to ban multiple inheritance , and Java and C# lack it completely .
That ’s an acknowledgement of a sad fact : it ’s so hard to get it right that it ’s often best to not use it at all .
While it ’s worth thinking about , it ’s rare that you ’ll want to use multiple inheritance for the type objects in your games .
As always , simpler is better .
“ I do like to write sinister but quite funny guys , who can combine a sense of menace and danger but also real loss , ” Mr. McDonagh said by phone .
“ Carmichael is all of that , but he ’s also someone who is very , very honorable in his own crazy way , with a moral code that gets crossed by people .
Chris is so ideal in this role , because he ’s so funny but can turn to that dark side on a dime , and because he can see the niceness in these odd people . ”
Beyond bringing Mr. Walken back to the stage  he was last seen in 2000 in a Tony - Award - nominated performance in the musical “ James Joyce ’s The Dead ”  Carmichael also stands out as one of several strong - willed male characters on Broadway this spring , a year after a season of imperious female roles ( “ Mary Stuart , ” “ 33 Variations , ” “ Irena ’s Vow , ” “ Blithe Spirit ” ) .
The forthcoming plays “ Enron ” ( with Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling as characters ) , “ Next Fall , ” “ Fences ” and “ Red , ” as well as the musicals “ American Idiot , ” “ Million Dollar Quartet ” and “ La Cage aux Folles ” all feature men of fire - tested mettle who are grappling with identity , obsession , failure and mortality .
There is no particular rhyme or reason to Broadway being busier for one sex or the other ; rather , it ’s all about commercially viable shows .
Some of these plays were big hits in London , while some of the musicals are set to proven hit songs .
And , of course , there are always the shows with star performers to help sell tickets , like Mr. Walken in “ A Behanding in Spokane . ”
While the script of “ Behanding ” calls for Carmichael to be in his mid to late 40s , Mr. McDonagh and the director , John Crowley ( “ A Steady Rain , ” “ The Pillowman ” ) , said they had trouble finding actors that age who were suitable for or interested in the role , which is part of an ensemble , in this premiere production of the play .
The two men discussed needing someone like Mr. Walken , who is known for quicksilver film performances  the young man in love who becomes a Russian - roulette - playing soldier in “ The Deer Hunter ” ( 1978 ) or the deceitful but loving father in “ Catch Me if You Can ” ( 2002 ) .
( Mr. Walken was nominated for Academy Awards for best supporting actor for both roles , and won for “ The Deer Hunter . ” )
The new role also comes with important monologues that feature bizarre twists similar to the rambling speech Mr. Walken delivers as Captain Koons , who tells the story of a gold watch to a young boy in “ Pulp Fiction ” ( 1994 ) .
So the playwright and director asked each other , why not cast the man himself ?
“ Whereas some other actors felt that Carmichael was far - fetched , Chris did n’t feel the far - fetched elements were odd at all , ” Mr. Crowley said .
“ And I think the fact that Chris is 66 throws into stronger relief that finding his hand has been a lifelong quest , a function of the character ’s neurosis .
And that the journey is more important than the destination . ”
Image Blair Brown and Christopher Walken in “ James Joyce ’s The Dead ” in 2000 .
Credit ... Sara Krulwich / The New York Times
“ The most surprising thing that Chris does , ” he continued , “ is that while he has this ambient , freaky , chilling quality that curls around him , he can also plug into a character ’s vulnerability in a split second with his face , his tone , his body . ”
Over the last two years , as America has experienced the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression , workers have been battered .
Employment has fallen sharply , with the employment rolls shrinking 5 percent from their peaks and unemployment around 10 percent .
Hourly compensation has approximately kept pace with inflation but has not risen significantly in real terms .
However , this broad picture masks a sharp difference between two classes of employees : those who work in the private sector and those who work for the government .
Workers in the public sector have experienced a very different recession from those in the private sector .
While private - sector employment fell sharply in the last two years , the public - sector , civilian workforce continued growing until mid-2008 .
It has since remained essentially flat .
As a result , while private - employment rolls are nearly 7 percent smaller than they were three years ago , public - employment rolls have grown by nearly 2 percent .
[ 1 ]
( Approximately 17 percent of U.S. civilian employment is in the public sector . )
This trend makes sense .
Governments do not face the same financial pressures as unprofitable corporations and can avoid layoffs in bad economic times .
They can even capitalize on loose labor markets during a recession to hire cheaply .
However , that ’s not what they have been doing .
The problem : During the recession , public employees have continued to see strong wage growth , well ahead of the private sector .
From the first quarter of 2007 through the last quarter of 2009 , the average value of hourly compensation ( wages plus benefits ) rose by 9.8 percent for employees of state and local governments , compared to 6.9 percent in the private sector .
[ 2 ]
After adjusting for inflation , public employees have seen a rise in real hourly income over this period , while private employees have not .
READ FULL REPORT
The United States Department of Justice , after a year 's worth of investigation , approved the proposed merger between Live Nation and Ticketmaster on Monday – with strings attached .
First , Ticketmaster will have to license a copy of its ticketing software to two companies – Anschutz Entertainment Group ( AEG ) and either Comcast - Spectacor or another " suitable " company – so that both companies can compete " head - to - head " with Ticketmaster for venues ' business .
After five years , AEG will have the option of buying the software , replacing it with something else or partnering with another ticketing company .
" The merger , as originally proposed , would have substantially lessened competition for primary ticketing in the United States , resulting in higher prices and less innovation for consumers , " reads the DOJ 's announcement .
Christine Varney , the assistant attorney general heading the DOJ 's antitrust division , and who insiders say opposed the original plan , says the new proposed agreement allows Live Nation and Ticketmaster to merge without creating those antitrust issues .
" The Department of Justice ’s proposed remedy promotes robust competition for primary ticketing services and preserves incentives for competitors to innovate and discount , which will benefit consumers , " she said .
" [ It ] allows for strong competitors to Ticketmaster , allowing concert venues to have more and better choices for their ticketing needs , and provides for anti-retaliation provisions , which will keep the merged company in check . "
In addition to licensing its ticketing software to competitors , Ticketmaster must sell its Paciola ticketing company to either Comcast - Spectacor or another suitable company .
According to the DOJ , these moves will recreate the level of competition that existed in the live music marketplace before the merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster .
To prevent this merged entity from bullying venues into using its service over those of the competition – for example , by withholding ( former ) Live Nation artists from venues who do n't use ( the former ) Ticketmaster for ticketing – the settlement dictates that " the merged firm will be forbidden from retaliating against any venue owner that chooses to use another company ’s ticketing services or another company ’s promotional services , including restrictions on anti-competitive bundling . "
These policies address the main problems that have been raised with the merger ; enforcing them is a different matter .
Assistant attorney general Christine Varney later addressed the issue of enforcement in a statement ( updated ) .
" I can assure you we will be vigilant in our enforcement of these provisions , " reads the statement , " and our strict enforcement should give AEG , Comcast - Spectacor , and others in the industry the confidence they need to make business decisions that maximize competition on the merits without fear of retaliation . "
Several DOJ employees will apparently be assigned to investigating allegations of anti-competitive behavior by the merged company , should they arise .
Live Nation trumpeted the DOJ 's announcement as a victory : " This is a good and exciting day for the music business , and we are close to finalizing the creation of a new company that will seek to transform the way artists distribute their content and fans can access that content . "
As expected , Live Nation and Ticketmaster will follow the DOJ 's requirements and merge .
So , what will we call this new company ?
Given the dismal associations of the Ticketmaster brand , it should come as no shock that the new company will be called " Live Nation Entertainment . "
See Also :
All of us gathered in the Old Senate Chamber .
For several hours we debated how to proceed .
Finally , Ted Kennedy and Phil Gramm , ideological opposites , were given the task of forging a compromise .
They did , and it was unanimously ratified .
The second occasion was just days after Sept. 11 .
Every senator who could make it to Washington gathered in the Senate dining room to discuss the American response .
The nation had been attacked .
The building in which we sat had been among the targets , and only the heroism of the passengers prevented the plane from reaching its destination .
We had to respond to protect the country .
There were no Republicans or Democrats in the room that day , just Americans .
The spirit of patriotism and togetherness was palpable .
That atmosphere prevailed for only two or three weeks before politics once again intervened .
It should n’t take a constitutional crisis or an attack on the nation to create honest dialogue in the Senate .
Let ’s start with a simple proposal : why not have a monthly lunch of all 100 senators ?
Every week , the parties already meet for a caucus lunch .
Democrats gather in one room , Republicans in another , and no bipartisan interaction takes place .
With a monthly lunch of all senators , we could pick a topic and have each side make a brief presentation followed by questions and answers .
Listening to one another , absent the posturing and public talking points , could only promote greater understanding , which is necessary to real progress .
Perhaps from this starting point , we can move onto more intractable problems , like the current campaign finance system that has such a corrosive effect on Congress .
In the Senate , raising in small increments the $ 10 million to $ 20 million a competitive race requires takes huge amounts of time that could otherwise be spent talking with constituents , legislating or becoming well - versed on public policy .
In my father ’s time there was a saying : “ A senator legislates for four years and campaigns for two . ”
Because of the incessant need to raise campaign cash , we now have perpetual campaigns .
If fund - raising is constantly on members ’ minds , it ’s difficult for policy compromise to trump political calculation .
The recent Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , allowing corporations and unions to spend freely on ads explicitly supporting or opposing political candidates , will worsen matters .
The threat of unlimited amounts of negative advertising from special interest groups will only make members more beholden to their natural constituencies and more afraid of violating party orthodoxies .
Image Credit ...
The Heads of State
I can easily imagine vulnerable members approaching a corporation or union for support and being told : “ We ’d love to support you , but we have a rule .
We only support candidates who are with us at least 90 percent of the time .
Here is our questionnaire with our top 10 concerns .
Fill it out . ”
Millions of campaign dollars now ride on the member ’s response .
The cause of good government is not served .
A BATHURST woman said her seven - week - old son and " the Lord " had told her to drown him in a bath to let him " be at peace " , a court has heard .
The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , pleaded not guilty to murdering her child as her trial began in the NSW Supreme Court today .
She had stayed the night at her cousin's house in July 2005 with her newborn son and two - year - old daughter .
Her cousin left the following morning to go and get nappies and supplies and when he returned he found water all over the floor of the house .
" He noticed water on the floor , the kitchen taps were running and he heard taps running in the bathroom , " Crown Prosecutor Peter Barnett told the court in his opening address .
" He found the deceased in the bathtub , near the plug , lying face down with water coming out of the side of his face . "
The boy 's mother , who had been acting strangely since the previous evening - " running , dancing , jumping around the house " - was in a bedroom , lying under a blanket with her daughter .
Later at the hospital , she told medical staff that the Lord and the boy had told her to do it , the court was told .
" She told medical staff that the child had told her to put the child into the bath ... so the child could be at peace , " Mr Barnett told Justice Peter Hall at the judge - only trial .
" She said the Lord has also told her that she was to do that for her child . "
But the woman variously blamed her daughter for tipping the boy out of his pram into the bath , or on to the floor , or said that she herself had dropped him .
Eventually she said that the boy was already dead by the time she walked into the room .
Police and medical staff at the hospital noticed the woman's " bizarre behaviour " and said she later admitted to using speed or amphetamines at the time of the incident .
Prosecutors said that either the woman deliberately drowned the boy or she saw him face down in the water and did nothing to help , which was tantamount to murder .
But her defence barrister Laura Wells said she was surprised the Crown prosecutor was pursuing a murder conviction , given the expert evidence that suggests the woman was suffering an " acute schizophrenic illness " at the time of the boy 's death .
" It was anticipated that ( given the lay and expert witnesses to the woman 's bizarre behaviour ) there would be no dispute as to her mental state , " Ms Wells said .
The woman spent nearly a fortnight in a psychiatric hospital following the boy 's death and experts from that hospital will be giving evidence that she was " acutely mentally ill at the time the child died " .
" And that she did not know the nature or quality of her actions at the time of the offence , " she added .
The trial continues .
But children have been caught in Iraq ’s violence before , most recently when at least 30 were killed in a powerful bomb attack at the Justice Ministry in October .
Many were at day care centers in the building .
During the war , children have been used to get through checkpoints in suicide car bombings .
They have been kidnapped , caught in the cross - fire of warring factions and killed in errant missile strikes and in roadside bombings .
Image Iraqi children gathered around a blast site in the Shiite neighborhood of Sadr City in Baghdad .
Credit ... Eros Hoagland for The New York Times
The school that was the site of the explosion on Monday is in an alley in an impoverished section .
The bomb crater  15 feet wide and 6 feet deep  was just outside a wall around the school .
“ There was trash being burned outside , and a cable from the electricity had just fallen , so my teacher was looking out the window , ” said Ritha Kadhim , 12 , speaking from his hospital bed , one of his eyes closed and swollen , the other filled with blood .
Then there was an explosion .
“ I fell down and everything was dark .
One of my friends helped me up .
We were all going out when I fell again , and the next thing I recall is waking up in the hospital .
And now I just want to know if my friends are O.K . ”
While it was unclear whether the explosion was an accident , officials say militants behind a recent spate of attacks on security forces want to regain a footing in their former strongholds .
In particular , militants have attacked members of the Awakening movement , a predominantly Sunni Arab force recruited to fight Sunni Islamic extremists .
Early Monday , gunmen ambushed a checkpoint run by Awakening members in northern Baghdad .
They killed five guards using guns equipped with silencers , according to the local police .
You will never know how it is when you are in an accident until it occurs but luckily most people know what they need to do .
If you are inexperienced , there are a few things you need to know besides what you learned in driving school .
They taught you the basics but there can be …
Brad Friedman Byon 2/1/2010 , 5:26 pm PT
AP 's investigative unit produces an appropriate criminal investigative report today on the background of the Republican Party operatives --- and there appear to be more than just four --- behind James O'Keefe and Andrew Breitbart 's " TeaBugger " operation at U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu 's ( D - LA ) office in Louisiana last week .
Compare and contrast that with the shameful , fawning 2,250 word Sunday New York Times article attempting to turn the accused federal felons into folk heroes .
And , again , as we have in our coverage to date , we 'll ask the following simple questions , among others , which everyone should be asking --- loudly :
There are , of course , many more such question that the cowardly and professionally - deceptive Mr. Breitbart wo n't be answering .
But I thought it'd be nice to give Andy --- and perhaps the " Liberal MSM " --- a chance to start ignoring the above right away .
P.S. We have sent the above questions to Andy , with a promise to post his answers in full here , if he cares to offer them .
Unlike his political hit - man " Big " sites , we have no interest in being unfair to anybody here , and have no fear of sharing all sides of any story .
Caps talk about snowmageddon
Three years ago this week , when D.C. got an inch of snow and everything was canceled , I asked the Caps what they thought .
" This is a beautiful winter day back home , " Brooks Laich said at the time .
" The temperature 's minus - 30 , minus - 40 degrees , you 've got a couple feet of snow , you 've got to plow your driveway every morning with a snowplow .... I do n't know , that 's winter . "
This is peanuts , " Jamie Heward said .
" We get blizzards that shut down major highways and you can't travel for days on end ..... You 'll get snowdrifts that are 10 , 15 - feet high going across highways ....
And the thing is , we never had school closures .
I mean , I ca n't remember maybe two in my life . "
" Honestly , our schools canceled when it was minus - 24 Celsius , so that 's a comparison , " Dainius Zubrus said .
This current batch of winter weather left the current Caps a bit more impressed .
I managed to ask a few of them about the weekend storm on Tuesday , before they fled D.C. for a trip to more temperate climes in Montreal .
Obviously , they did n't get a good look at the current storm , but they were happy to talk about last week's .
" This would probably be a pretty good storm in Winkler , " said Eric Fehr , speaking of his Manitoba home .
" It would n't shut down the city for a couple days .
Like , maybe one day .
But no , I 'm actually impressed with the size of the snow that we got here .
I took my truck out and started plowing the streets , driving around , making tracks just for fun .
I mean , it 's fun to swerve around .
I actually got stuck one time . "
" It kind of reminds me of Russia , but Americans do n't get used to it , " Alex Ovechkin said , via Caps Insider .
" For us , it 's okay , for you guys , it 's not okay . "
" I mean , this is a legit snowstorm , but back home we would n't even have missed a half day of school or work , " said Matt Bradley , who hails from an Ottawa suburb .
" I think part of it is here they 're just not set up to plow it properly .
Back home no one parks on the street streak , because of this exact reason .
After a snowstorm you have to move your cars , but there 's nowhere to move 'em here , so that 's the problem with plowing streets .
It 's a legit storm , and this would be considered a good snowfall back home , but as far as stuff closing for weeks on end ?
I do n't know about that . "
" Quite frankly , I think we 'd probably all be here to make sure the families get out ok and hang in , but it 's our job and we have to go , " Bruce Boudreau said of the trip North .
" I was looking at something yesterday that said that Buffalo's had 65 inches of snow this year and we 've had 60 .
it just does n't seem right .
Go figure . "
" In terms of amount of snow , yeah , definitely , " Karl Alzner said , when the Patriot - News asked him if this storm was worthy of Canada .
" It was n't nearly as cold .
Normally , it would maybe be another 10 or 15 degrees colder .
You had to stay indoors .
You could n't do anything because everybody closed up .
There was nothing really open at all , except for one grocery store .
It was interesting .
Some people were walking down the middle of the street .
Some people had their skis out .
It was neat to see the city the way it was . "
Fehr 's father was in D.C. during the first Snovechkin ; he plows snow back in Manitoba , and he thought it was quite a bit of snow .
" He was kind of laughing at the way they plow the snow down here , " Fehr told me .
" They just do it a little bit different .
It 's not necessarily right or wrong , just a little different . "
As for the biggest snowfall he 's ever seen in Manitoba ?
" I can't even make a guess , " Fehr said .
" A lot , though .
Way more than this .
Definitely . "
Birds are a surprising group of creatures : parrots are great mimics , while birds in the UK figured out how to get a free meal of milk a long time ago .
Some species are thought to recognize themselves in a mirror , and many species can also figure out how to pull a string up and trap it under foot to gain a meal , even if the string is quite long and they have to do it repetitively .
But among all these overachievers , crows seem to be the shining exemplar of intelligence .
You see , a crow , when first faced with a bit of meat dangling from a bit of string , figures out a solution pretty much instantly .
This has led researchers to posit that crows build mental models that generate solutions , instead of relying on trial and error .
Now , a bunch of Kiwis have published research in PLoS
One that suggests crows do n't actually build models .
What is the difference between model - based solutions and feedback - based solutions ?
When we rely on feedback , we first perform an action — pull on the string and trap it underfoot — if we perceive that we are closer to our goal ( the meat is now closer ) , we repeat the action .
A model - based solution , on the other hand , involves understanding that the meat is connected to a bit of string , and that to get the meat , we must pull the string up .
In the second case , feedback after each step is not required , because we understand the problem and know that we will be rewarded in the end .
To build a model requires a deeper understanding of the situation : that there is string , and it is connected to food .
We know that crows understand the connectivity between the string and the meat to a certain extent .
For instance , if there are multiple strings , the crow will usually pull the correct one .
If the strings are crossed , but have different colors , the crow will still usually pull the correct one .
The crows only become really confused when the strings are both crossed and the same color — mind you , having had to untangle numerous kite and yo - yo strings , I can understand the crows ' feeling of confusion .
But , the point is that this last test suggests that the crow uses the continuity of the string running from the perch to the meat to conclude that the two are connected .
That may not require a symbolic understanding of the connectivity .
What was missing in all these tests was control over the feedback .
Each bird could see the meat throughout the test , and could judge success by the proximity of the food .
To really distinguish between model - building and feedback - based solutions , the feedback needed to be restricted .
The researchers did this by placing a large wooden board with a small hole in it between the perch and the meat .
As the crows pulled the meat up , they would lose sight of it .
Further , even when the meat was visible , the hole and restricted visibility made it difficult to judge distances , meaning that the crows did n't necessarily know that it was any closer .
A number of tests were run .
Several birds were given the normal string test , so that they were familiar .
Others were kept unfamiliar with the test until their first exposure , when they were presented with the more difficult string test , the one with the board .
Following that , all were give a series of string tests involving angled and crossed strings .
The authors found , as expected , that the crows given the normal string test figured it out quite fast .
Of those given the test involving pulling the meat up through a hole in a piece of wood , only one crow succeeded .
Further , the birds that were experienced in solving the normal string test performed much worse when faced with the more difficult test .
This combination suggests that even experienced crows really need constant feedback to solve the problem .
Conclusion : crows do n't make models .
I must admit to having a little problem with that conclusion .
First , one crow did solve the problem ; second , the crows all varied widely in their performance on all of the tests , suggesting that problem - solving abilities vary wildly between individuals — no surprise there .
Finally , I think the distinction between model - building and feedback - based problem solving skills are artificial points in a mental toolkit that spans a continuum .
The point is that , even when we make models of the world , we rely on feedback to validate those models .
Our previous experience also influences how quickly we abandon a model in the absence of positive feedback .
These experiments show that , if crows do build models , they do n't generalize them very well , and they require a fair bit of reinforcement before they 'll abandon the model .
But , other than the amount of reinforcement involved and the complexity of the model , is this that different from human behavior ?
A relevant example is student learning .
In first year physics , students will generally make one , perhaps two , attempts to get an experiment to work before abandoning their efforts and seeking help .
In other words , without positive feedback , the students do n't trust their model .
As they develop experience in experimental physics — even in the artificial environment of teaching labs — they will become more patient and explore a greater a range of possibilities , and less positive feedback is required for the student to trust the model .
Similarly , post - graduate students generally need to learn to explore a range of experimental parameters before deciding that an experiment is not going to work .
Finally , an experienced researcher expects that they may not receive positive feedback from an experiment for a year or more .
Further , they do n't consider an experiment that did n't work a failure unless they can't understand why it did n't work .
In those cases , they have n't learned anything from the failure and cannot use the failure to modify their model .
I think the research is really well done , and allows one to draw conclusions about the limits of a crows model - building ability — if , indeed , they have any — and also their trust in those models .
But I also feel that the researchers have over - interpreted their results , because they neglect the role of feedback in the construction of models .
I should also add that I am not an expert in the field , so if anyone knows why I am wrong , I welcome correction in the comments .
PLoS One , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0009345
Our Scientology sources tell us there 's an interesting reason that some members of the church are swarming into Haiti .
And it 's even more appalling than you might have thought — tragedy profiteering .
John Travolta arranged for one plane of supplies to get to Port - au - Prince , and personally flew another Boeing 707 there himself .
Those planes contained much needed food and equipment and genuine doctors .
But they also contained volunteer ministers , ready to spread the word of Scientology .
Many Scientologists , says one of our sources , a longtime veteran of the church , " genuinely think that only they can help in an emergency . "
They are misguided , but well - intentioned .
But there are others who " are just total buzzards . "
Those , he says , are engaging in a vain attempt to profit from the tragedy — a tale corroborated by another former church member .
This email is doing the rounds :
By ' help ' , they mean money .
And if those seminars result in confused and vulnerable Haitians signing up for any further courses in Scientology — unlikely as that seems , given the poverty in that country — these Global Pioneers get a 12 per cent cut of their future course fees .
Our source says that over 100 plan to go to Port - au - Prince , and that he gets email and Facebook spam all day from ' Pioneers ' seeking donations .
UPDATE : It seems , according to a tipster , that this email had done the rounds before the earthquake as well , apparently , as after .
As such it 's not the smoking gun we first thought .
But this may be .
It 's a press release from the Global Pioneers , sent by the same man who sent the above missive — a Cary Goulston — outlining their achievements in Haiti since the earthquake :
The original page includes video .
From December 6 , when police murdered 15 - year - old Alexandros Grigoropoulos in downtown Athens , to the time of this writing , Greece has seen unprecedented rioting .
Anarchists and students , supported and often joined by significant swaths of the population , have clashed with police , destroyed corporate and government property , and occupied government buildings , trade union offices , and media outlets , not to mention the usual universities .
By December 12 , police had used over 4600 capsules of tear gas , and were seeking more from Israel and Germany — an ominous pair of nations , when it comes to repression .
What ’s going on in Greece ?
Is it simply a matter of disenfranchised youth protesting a discouraging job market , or is there something more afoot ?
What ’s It All About ?
The corporate media has ignored the banners decrying police brutality and unaccountable authority , seizing instead on the idea that the unrest is the result of widespread unemployment and poor economic prospects for young Greeks .
Thus prompted , many people — including some radicals — have focused on these issues as well .
At such a distance , we are not equipped to speak on the causes of the riots or the motivations of the participants , but we know better than to trust the media .
Some corporate outlets have gone so far as to announce — in language that might be less surprising in a magazine like Rolling Thunder — that the events in Greece may presage the second coming of the anti-globalization movement thought to be vanquished after September 11 , 2001 .
Though this might be true , we should hesitate to let the corporate media provide us with our narrative , lest it prove to be a Trojan horse .
If the riots are not about Alexandros after all , are we to believe that — were the economy more stable — it would be acceptable to shoot down 15 - year - olds ?
After all , police kill people all the time in the United States without anyone smashing a single store window over it .
Is this simply because we have a lower unemployment rate ?
Should we accept that the rage being vented in Greece is economic in origin , the implication is that it could be dispelled by economic solutions — and there are capitalist solutions for the crisis in no shorter supply than socialist ones .
Perhaps the exploitation , misery , and unemployment currently rampant in Greece could be exported to some meeker nation , or else enough credit could be extended to the disaffected stone - throwers that they could come to identify as middle class themselves .
These approaches have worked before ; one might even argue that they have driven the process of capitalist globalization .
If Greece could somehow be transformed into Sweden — if every nation could be Sweden , without any having to be Nigeria — would it be OK to shoot teenagers then ?
They shoot anarchists in Sweden too , you know .
To the extent to which the resistance in Greece is simply an expression of frustration at dim financial prospects , then , it is possible that it can ultimately be defused or co-opted .
But there are other forces at work here , which the corporate account de-emphasizes .
These riots are not coming out of nowhere .
Masked anarchists setting fires and fighting the police have been common in Greece since before the turn of the century .
In 1999 , shortly before the Seattle WTO protests , there were major riots when Bill Clinton visited .
At the time , the economy was livelier — and the socialists were in power , which seems to contradict the theory that the current unrest is simply a result of dissatisfaction with the conservative government .
Corporate media generally ignore anarchists , trivializing them with qualifiers such as “ self - styled ” when they refer to them at all .
That corporate outlets have been forced to detail the anarchist involvement in these and other struggles in Greece attests to the depth and seriousness of anarchist activity .
Leftists may attempt to portray the events in Greece as a general uprising of “ the people , ” and certainly countless “ normal ” people have participated , but it is clear even from this vantage point that anarchists started the rioting and have remained the most influential element within it .
We hypothesize that the rioting in Greece is not simply an inevitable result of economic recession , but a proactive radical initiative that speaks to the general public .
Though the rioting was provoked by the murder of Alexandros , it is only possible because of preexisting infrastructures and social currents — otherwise , such murders would catalyze uprisings in the US as well .
Such an immediate and resolute response would not have occurred if anarchists in Greece had not developed a culture conducive to it .
Thanks to a network of social centers , a deep - seated sense that neighborhoods such as the one in which Alexandros was killed are liberated zones off - limits to police , and a tradition of resistance extending back through generations , Greek anarchists feel entitled to their rage and capable of acting upon it .
In recent years , a series of struggles against the prison system , the mistreatment of immigrants , and the privatization of schools have given innumerable young people experience in militant action .
As soon as the text messages circulated announcing the police killing , Greek anarchists knew exactly how to respond , because they had done so time and again before .
The general public in Greece is already sympathetic to resistance movements , owing to the heritage of struggle against the US - supported dictatorship .
In this regard , Greece is similar to Chile , another nation noted for the intensity of its street conflicts and class warfare .
With the murder of Alexandros , anarchists finally had a narrative that was compelling to a great number of people .
In another political context , liberals or other opportunists might have been able to exploit this tragedy to their own ends , but the Greek anarchists forestalled this possibility by immediately seizing the initiative and framing the terms of the conflict .
It ’s Not the Economy , Stupid
That is to say , it ’s always the economy .
But it ’s not just the economic hardships accompanying times of recession — the resistance in Greece is also a revolt against the exploitation , alienation , and hierarchy inherent in the capitalist system , that set the stage for police to murder teenagers whether or not a significant percentage of the population is unemployed .
To repeat , if alienation and hierarchy were themselves sufficient to inspire effective resistance , we ’d see a lot more of it in the United States .
The decisive factor in Greece is not the economy , but the cumulative efforts that have built a vibrant anarchist movement .
There is no shortcut around developing an analogous movement in the US if we want to be capable of similar responses to oppression and injustice .
Militant actions , such as some of the solidarity actions that have occurred in the US thus far , can provide some experience and momentum , but the creation of enduring cultural spaces is probably more essential .
Anarchists in the United States face a much different context than their Greek colleagues .
Greece is a peripheral participant in the European Union , while the US remains the epicenter of global capitalism , with a correspondingly more powerful repressive apparatus .
The legal consequences of participating in confrontations with the police are potentially more severe in the US , at least in proportion to the support for arrestees .
Much of the population is more conservative , and both radical and oppressed communities are more fragmented , owing to the tremendous numbers of people in prison and the transience enforced by the job market .
There is little continuity in traditions of resistance — in most communities , the collective anarchist memory does not stretch back beyond a decade at the most .
The events in Greece are inspiring , but US anarchists can probably learn more from the infrastructures behind them than from the superficial aspects of the clashes .
Likewise , radicals in the US can draw inspiration from Greek anarchists without forgetting what is worthwhile in local anarchist communities .
Though Greek anarchists clearly excel at confrontation , this does not guarantee that they are equally equipped to contest internal hierarchies and forms of oppression .
The capacity to work out conflicts and maintain horizontal distributions of power is as essential to the anarchist project as any kind of offense or defense .
It would be unfortunate if a fascination with the Greeks led US anarchists to deprioritize discussions about consent , consensus - based decision - making , and privilege .
The Insurrections to Come ?
The events of the past two weeks may help reframe the global context for struggle , as the Zapatista revolt did in 1994 .
The rioting in Greece is not the only major unrest in the world right now , but it is perhaps the most promising , because it is explicitly directed against hierarchical power .
Most current hostilities , even those not organized by governments , are not as promising .
Not everyone who takes up arms outside the state ’s monopoly on violence is fighting for the abolition of hierarchy .
Nationalist campaigns , fundamentalist crusades , religious conflicts , ethnic strife , and the gang warfare of illegal capitalism pit people against each other without any hope of liberation .
We have to set visible precedents for liberation struggles if we hope future conflicts will pit the oppressed against their oppressors rather than against each other .
Greece may be one such precedent .
We can create similar precedents on smaller scales in the US , by taking the initiative to determine the character of confrontations with authority .
The anarchist mobilization at last summer ’s Republican National Convention was arguably an example of this , though certainly not the only format for it .
Today , party communism is largely discredited , and most influential resistance movements do not see seizing state power as feasible or desirable .
This leaves two roads for critics of the current world order .
One is to support reformist heads of state such as Obama , Lula , and Chavez , who cash in on dissent to re-legitimize the state form and , as if incidentally , their own power .
On the other hand , there is the possibility of a struggle against power itself — whether waged consciously , as it currently is in Greece , or as a result of complete social and economic marginalization , as in France in 2005 .
The latter path offers a long struggle with no victory in sight , but it may be the first step towards a new world .
Resources
Our friends at the Center for Strategic Anarchy are following events in Greece closely as they unfold , and their website is an excellent resource for news and updates .
We also recommend this collection of stirring photos from the conflict .
If something scares us , it is the return to normality .
For in the destroyed and pillaged streets of our cities of light we see not only the obvious results of our rage , but the possibility of starting to live .
We no longer have anything to do , other than to install ourselves in this possibility and transform it into a living experience : by grounding on the field of everyday life , our creativity , our power to materialize our desires , our power not to contemplate but to construct the real .
This is our vital space .
All the rest is death .
— From a statement from the occupation of the Athens School of Economics and Business
Appendix : Questions for the Greeks
In order to provide more informed coverage of the events in Greece on this website and in the forthcoming issue of Rolling Thunder , we are soliciting participants in the uprising to answer the following questions .
If you or anyone you know can help us with this , please email us at rollingthunder@crimethinc.com .
The Google LatLong Blog announced the addition of World War II imagery to Google Earth .
Now you can compare , side by side , the earth as it is today versus how it was during World War II .
Google said :
Images taken in 1943 show the effect of wartime bombing on more than 35 European towns and cities .
Imagery for Warsaw , which was heavily destroyed at the time , is available from both years 1935 and 1945 .
They remind us all of the devastating impact of war on the people in those cities and also the remarkable way in which urban environments are reconstructed and regenerated over time .
Here is a picture , side by side , of German city of Stuttgart :
SANMINA -SCI , the supplier of electronics services , is loaded with debt and in each of the last eightyears has lost money .
Its shares have risen more than 600 percent since the stock market rally began on March 9 .
Wal - Mart Stores , the discount retailer , has lots of cash on its balance sheet , has very little debt and has consistently turned a profit .
Since March 9 , its shares have gained just 14 percent .
The disparate treatment meted out to these two companies by the stock market highlights an unusual and , in some ways , worrisome phenomenon : to an extent not seen in decades , shares of companies with weak balance sheets have been soaring , generally outperforming firms with stronger fundamentals .
In part , this is a consequence of the terrible pummeling given to riskier assets of all kinds during the worst months of the financial crisis .
Shares of companies that were deemed to be weakest were hit the hardest .
It ’s only natural that they would bounce back the most at the first hint that financial disaster had been averted .
Goofs
When Stephanie left Ellie due to their little argument , you can see Stephanie 's flower in her right ear before leaving .
A man saw her biking with no flower present in her ear until Stephanie reached the road with the flower transferring from her right to her left ear .
See more
.-
As Haiti reels from the destruction left by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , messages of support and prayers are coming in along with aid from every corner of the globe , Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi says " the only real comfort " of these days in Haiti is this " generous and genuine love . "
“ The world is rightly shaken by the tragedy of the people of Haiti , " already some of " the poorest of the Earth , " said Fr. Lombardi on “ Octavo Dies , ” weekly television program that will be aired on Saturday through the Vatican Television Center .
" Also the Church , that lives with its people , has been directly and painfully hit by the deaths of so many of its members , " he continued , referring to the death of Archbishop Serge Miot of Port - au - Prince , in particular , and the disruption of the Church 's activities on the island .
Fr. Lombardi called attention to the reaction of Pope Benedict who " immediately raised his voice with vibrant words of spiritual participation and a call for solidarity " along with " innumerable others , from all countries , in particular the closest on the American continent . "
In this massive response , said the Jesuit , we see yet again that " the gravity of the tragedy becomes an occasion for an extremely vast contest for solidarity and love . "
" This generous and genuine love is possibly the only real comfort , the only big answer to this sea of pain , as the love of Christ that dies on the cross is the only real answer to the suffering of man . "
In his message , Fr. Lombardi quoted the words of a Haitian priest who said that amidst the many man-made and natural catastrophes to which the people of the island have grown accustomed , they always regain hope , " and this is a Christian Hope .
For Haitians , love is stronger . "
This is the love that was present in the work of so many now deceased social and pastoral workers , " witnesses of solidarity , " said Fr. Lombardi .
" We should continue to accompany , through the solidarity of love , to bring back - yet another time - the hope and the love of the Haitians , of the poor and suffering of the world . "
Tripping the light fantastic : 66 black holes found ' dancing ' the galactic night away
It is the ultimate dance routine but get too close and it may be your last .
A team of astronomers have discovered 33 pairs of ' waltzing ' black holes in distant galaxies which will eventually combine to form one .
Nearly every galaxy has a central super - massive black hole with a mass up to a billion times the mass of the Sun and galaxies often collide .
Hubble Space Telescope images of two small galaxies colliding to form one
The resulting singular galaxy inherits two super - massive black holes which begin to perform a spiral dance around each other .
They gradually move towards the centre of the system and engage in a gravitational tug - of - war over nearby stars .
Eventually the same will happen to our own Milky Way when it collides with the Andromeda Galaxy - we 'll all have ring - side seats in about three billion years .
The Hubble Space Telescopic snapped the final pairing of black holes
Dr Julia Comerford , from the University of California , announced the find using the Keck II Telescope in Hawaii and the Hubble Space Telescope which found the final pairing .
Astronomers expect many similar performances to be played out across the universe but only a handful have been found .
Dr Comerford said : ' Our result shows that such waltzing black holes are much more common than we previously knew . '
' We expect the universe to be littered with these waltzing black holes .
But until recently , only a few had ever been found . '
Each black hole is powered by the gases seen collapsing into them .
Dr Comerford and her team have also been using each pair to estimate how often galaxies merge .
They have concluded red galaxies originating between four and seven billion years ago were subject to three mergers around every billion years .
The discoveries help to alleviate the discrepancy between the expected and observed numbers of paired black holes in the universe and allow scientists to learn more about how galaxies merge and grow .
As each black hole appears red if it is moving away from the Earth and blue if it is approaching , the team looked for instances where there was one blue and one red in close proximity to each other .
The study , the DEEP2 Galaxy Redshift Survey , found 22 black hole pairs but was able to look only at those black holes which were sucking in gas and other materials from the surrounding environment as that 's the only time they are visible .
The energy from the black hole heats up the gases , lighting it up in visible wavelengths , which are longer if the black hole is getting further away .
' It ’s kind of the disco ball that tells you where the party is , where the black holes are dancing , ” said Dr Comerford .
Both black holes move at around 200 kilometres per second but are separated on average by about 3,000 to 8,000 light - years - roughly one - eighth to one - third the distance from the sun to the centre of the Milky Way .
Two telescopes at the W.M. Keck Observatory on Mauna Kea in Hawaii
The Hubble Space Telescope found the final example of a galaxy merger , distinct because of its remarkable tail of stars , gas and dust .
' It ’s like a black eye , a sign that this galaxy has recently gone through a collision with another galaxy . '
The newly - formed galaxy has two bright nuclei , potentially glowing dust and gas surrounding each of the black holes , but scientists are yet to be certain it is not actually a black hole which is escaping its galaxy due to the massive forces present when two black holes merge .
' Whether this thing is a dual pair of waltzing black holes or an ejected black hole , this is definitely a merger , ' Comerford said .
' It ’s just whether you ’re seeing it before the black holes merge [ with each other ] or after . '
Japan : Slowly Going Broke
We reported that the US government would need to roll over $ 2.5 trillion worth of debt next year .
We probably erred .
The number was right , but it was meant to be over the next two years .
During the next two years also , worldwide , banks need to roll over $ 7 trillion .
Whether it is over one year or two years , we ’re talking big money .
Most people who bother to think about it are coming to the conclusion that this is very inflationary … and very bullish for gold .
They think the Fed will need to “ monetize the debt ” directly , or indirectly .
One way or another , they say , the central bank will have to increase the volume of money so that the government can finance its deficits .
Paul Krugman , Nobel Prize winner in economics , suggested that the Fed add another $ 2 trillion to the nation ’s monetary base , partly to accommodate federal borrowing …and , he believes , to stimulate employment .
This idea is widespread .
Richard Koo , one of the few economists to understand the Japanese depression and what awaits the US , thinks along similar lines .
The US economy is going into a depression , like Japan ; the government must spend huge amounts of money in order to keep GDP from falling .
Japan ’s top man shocked the nation last week when he announced the largest budget deficit ever .
The government will spend about $ 1 trillion – a new record .
And it will collect less than half that much in taxes .
Meaning , most of what the Japanese government spends is borrowed – something the Japanese have n’t done since the days when Americans were dropping bombs on them .
The Japanese government is doing what it should do , says Koo .
It is replacing missing private spending with public spending .
So doing , it has avoided a drop in GDP and employment .
Throughout its 20 year slump , Japan ’s GDP has never fallen below the peak set in 1989 .
Nor has unemployment ever risen above 6 % .
Bravo !
Bravo ?
Thanks to this new budget , Japan ’s national debt will reach a new record … nearly 200 % of GDP .
The Japanese have a lot of private savings , but they also have a lot of public debt .
And what have they gotten for it ?
Well , they have kept people employed … and have allowed the private sector to pay down its debts .
Or , to put it another way , they have lived through a classic depression fairly comfortably .
Instead of forcing the banks to fess up to their mistakes and clean up their balance sheets , the Japanese government saved them .
Instead of allowing big companies to go broke …and other companies to take their places … the Japanese propped up the ‘ brain dead ’ firms … and kept them alive with taxpayers ’ money .
Result ?
A depression that should have been over in , say , 5 years … has been stretched out to 20 .
And now the Japanese face a public debt that is bound to cause them big problems in the years ahead … .
What kind of problems ?
Well , Japan is going broke… just like the US .
Two Nato rockets aimed at Taliban insurgents in Helmand missed their target today , killing 12 civilians sheltering in their home and dealing a sharp blow to hopes that civilian casualties would be avoided in the largest western - led operation of the nine - year Afghan war .
The incident occurred in Nad Ali , an insurgent - infested area where British troops are operating .
A Ministry of Defence spokeswoman said the rockets , which were fired by a sophisticated missile system , were a " US responsibility " .
News of the deaths overshadowed cautiously optimistic reports from US commanders in nearby Marjah , a major hub of insurgents and drug smugglers , where marines and Afghan soldiers pushed deep into a labyrinth of mud-walled compounds surrounded by landmines and booby traps .
The soldiers went carefully , preceded by explosives teams and sniffer dogs .
Taliban snipers holed up in farmhouses offered sporadic , and sometimes sustained , resistance .
One group came under fire moments after they hoisted an Afghan flag over a newly captured compound .
Elsewhere , gunfire forced the operation 's American commander , Brigadier General Larry Nicholson , to take cover behind an earthen bank .
" The fire we just took reflects how I think this will go , small pockets of sporadic fighting by small groups of very mobile individuals , " he told an embedded AP reporter .
Operation Moshtarak ( meaning " together " ) involves 15,000 troops , mostly US , British and Afghan .
The first US marines arrived in Marjah by helicopter before dawn on Saturday morning , while British forces are sweeping through Nad Ali .
The Taliban , estimated at 400 to 1,000 fighters , have heavily mined the area , and Nicholson predicted it could take 30 days to clear out all militants and explosives , although he was hopeful the job could be completed sooner .
Nato heavily telegraphed its intention to invade Marjah and Nad Ali , hoping to minimise civilian casualties .
A Nato statement said the rockets that destroyed a house in Nad Ali landed 300 metres off target .
They had been fired by a High Mobility Artillery Rocket System – a system that , according to several defence websites , is used principally by US marines .
" We deeply regret this tragic loss of life , " said General Stanley McChrystal , the top commander in Afghanistan .
" It 's regrettable that in the course of our joint efforts , innocent lives were lost . "
The deaths ratcheted up tensions with the Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , who ordered an immediate investigation .
High rates of casualties help Taliban recruitment in war - torn areas and stir public anger that has eroded support for the fragile government .
At a press conference in Kabul the defence minister , Abdul Rahim Wardak , said the goal of the operation was " not to kill insurgents " but to " expand the government 's influence and protect the civilian population " .
Details of civilian casualties were sketchy tonight .
A spokesman for the Red Cross said medics at a first aid post in Marjah had treated 30 people .
He could not give a breakdown between civilian and military casualties .
Operation Moshtarak must succeed not only on the battlefield but in the follow - through by Afghan civilian and security forces .
Kabul has promised to deploy 1,000 paramilitary police to Marjah in the coming days while the Nato civilian chief in Afghanistan , Mark Sedwill , said resource - laden " district development teams " were ready to deploy .
In London Bob Ainsworth , the defence secretary , told the BBC the " real test over the coming months " would be in " winning over some elements that have formally been opposed to us , that have been shooting at our troops " .
The army said its air and ground assault – involving up to 1,500 Coldstream and Grenadier Guards , as well as troops from the Household Cavalry and the Royal Welsh regiment and nearly equal numbers of Afghan soldiers – had still not encountered major opposition .
A spokesman said the Taliban standard had been replaced by an Afghan flag over a village in the Chah triangle .
The Ministry of Defence named a soldier from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards killed in an explosion on Saturday as Lance Sergeant Dave Greenhalgh , 25 , from Ilkeston , Derbyshire .
One US marine has also been killed .
Another British soldier was killed in an explosion yesterday while on foot patrol to the north - east of Sangin .
The death of the soldier , from 6 Rifles , serving as part of the 3 Rifles Battle Group , was unconnected with Operation Moshtarak .
The army spokesman said the next stage – " hot stabilisation " – would begin soon .
Reconstruction equipment being brought in includes box sets for 20 schools , solar lights , mosque broadcast sets and replacement culvert pipes .
Recruitment of working parties would begin within days , with cash being made available for up to 37 teams of local labourers to start repairing roads .
Victory in Marjah would be a publicity coup for Barack Obama , who is struggling to bolster flagging US opinion .
But many fighters are believed to have fled south to bases inside Pakistan or north into mountainous Urzugan province .
One Afghan official stressed that Marjah was just one of more than 700 districts in a country where broad swathes remain under Taliban influence .
In a reminder of that threat , the Taliban released a video today of two French journalists kidnapped in December .
On it , the two journalists plead for their release and urge the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , to negotiate quickly with their captors .
Another angel who needs to be called out is Sherry at St. Francis Energy Co. that services Rosebud reservation .
Sherry delivers the propane and is aware of who is running low on fuel because she drives to the outlying areas and checks tank levels looking for the ones who need help .
She is particularly concerned about the elders .
She does n't need a list , she knows who needs fuel .
Our report about Sherry clinched the deal for the High Rollers Motorcycle Club .
They have adopted St. Francis Energy Company as their next fundraising effort .
Visit their website , they ARE high rollers when it comes to fundraising .
H/T SarahLee , Chris Rodda and translatorpro
At the beginning of our campaign Sherry wondered why she was getting donation calls and upon visiting Daily Kos for the first time she realized what was happening .
Impressed , she has just recently joined our ranks as a Kossack , lpggirl .
Chris Rodda needs to persuade Autumn Two Bulls to join us also .
Call St. Francis Energy Co. at 6 0 5 - 7 4 7 - 2 5 4 2 to help Rosebud reservation .
11 AM - 6 PM MST to talk to Sherry or her mom Patsy .
Normally a minimum order is $ 150 , but they have set up an account so that people wanting to donate less can and as it accumulates to a minimum order , it will be delivered .
Ask for Sherry or Patsy , who can process this type of payment .
Credit Cards welcome and they are the only Native owned fuel company on Rosebud .
BACKGROUND IN A NUTSHELL : Severe ice storms hit the South Dakota rezs January 21st and 6 inch ice shells encased all the power lines , severe winds brought down more than 2000 power poles , crippling the water system also .
Power was out for more than 3 weeks .
This storm was devastating because it followed 2 blizzards in December when LIHEAP heating funds ran out for the tribes .
They could not wait for funding so we Kossacks started a campaign to call the power companies directly and donate to fill a home 's empty propane tank .
Another fast and direct way you can help :
As mentioned earlier , the LIHEAP ( Low Income Home Energy Home Assistance ) Tribal programs ran out of winter funding in early December .
Here 's the hard part ; you will need to write a check because of no online presence for any tribe .
There is a very long national list of LIHEAP Tribal Grantees here .
You might consider a tribe in your own state .
Here is South Dakota and North Dakota .
I 'm focusing on the three below because we have Kossacks and their relatives there .
Ms. Eileen Shot
LIHEAP Coordinator
Rosebud Sioux Tribe
P.O. Box 430
Rosebud , South Dakota 57570
Mr. Denise Red Owl
Director
Oglala Sioux Tribe ( Pine Ridge )
P.O. Box 1051
Pine Ridge , South Dakota 57770
Ms. Irma Walking Elk
LIHEAP Coordinator
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
P.O. Box D
Fort Yates , North Dakota 58538
Clothing Donation : ( Must be clean and gently worn or it will be thrown away ) Pretty Bird Woman House
211 N. First St
McLaughlin , SD 57642
See website for specific material needs .
White Buffalo Calf Woman Society , Inc
291 N. Main
P.O. Box 227
Mission , SD 57555
605-856-2317
Paypal link at www.wbcws.org Lakota Oyate Wakanyeja Owicakiyape
East Highway 18
IHS Compound , Box 604
Pine Ridge , SD 57770 .
See changingwinds.org for addresses of other agencies participating in the Winter Warmth Drive for the people of Pine Ridge .
Be sure to run all other donation sites through Charity Navigator to make sure they are reputable .
There are many scams , old and new out there .
Please see Aji's diary for links to contact information for state and local officials .
For a list of federal agency contacts , go here ; for a list of national media contacts and a template for a letter to the editor , gohere .
For more background , history and details please see these diaries :
Dakotas Snow Emergency : Charity and Beyond [ Senate Committee on Indian Affairs Contact Info ]
Keith 's Special Comment In South Dakota Rez Diary
Here 's some feel good video from the Olympics :
H/T to BuffaloPost and DeepHarm
The Collatz conjecture ( or hailstone problem or 3n+1 problem ) is a problem that is so simple to state that grade - schoolers can understand it , yet has been approached from an innumerable variety of angles and has resisted mathematicians for decades now .
The problem is as follows :
Pick a positive integer .
If it ’s even then divide it by 2 .
If it ’s odd , multiply it by 3 and add 1 .
Now apply this procedure to the result .
Repeat .
Will you always eventually hit 1 if you continue in this way ?
For example , if you start with 11 then you multiply by 3 and add 1 to get 34 , divide by 2 to get 17 , and continuing similarly gets you the rest of the sequence : 52 , 26 , 13 , 40 , 20 , 10 , 5 , 16 , 8 , 4 , 2 , 1 .
Before you go trying to find a counterexample to the conjecture , know that it has been verified by computer search for all starting numbers up to 20 × 258 ≈ 5.764 × 1018 .
The way that we are going to look at this problem today is the “ pretty ” approach ; we ’re going to extend the Collatz conjecture over the complex plane and look at the fractal defined by its iteration .
Define the Collatz function f( x ) as follows :
Take a moment or two to convinve yourself that if x is a positive integer , then f(x ) is the next number after x in its Collatz sequence ( e.g. , f( 11 ) = 34 , f( 34 ) = 17 , and so on ) .
To extend this function to the real numbers , simply recall that ( - 1 ) x = cos( πx ) .
In fact , this gets us an extension to the complex numbers at the same time , and after some simplification we arrive at :
Well hey , that ’s a holomorphic function so it has a notion of a Julia set and we can study the fractal that its iterates induce .
Indeed , we can obtain the following image pretty easily with standard fractal - generation software :
The fractal is located on the complex plane , and the horizontal line through the middle of the image is the real line .
Black regions are regions in which the orbit of that number is bounded , while other colours indicate that the orbit of that number is unbounded ( notice the large region of bounded numbers around z = 0 ) .
The big “ spikes ” that occur along the real line are , as we would expect , located at the integers ( the image above is wide enough that you can see the spikes at z = - 2 , - 1 , 1 , and 2 ) .
Instead of proceeding with the Collatz function as I have defined it , I ’m going to introduce a modified Collatz function g(z ) as follows :
Observe that this function , like f( z ) , always maps natural numbers to terms that appear later in their Collatz sequence ( e.g. , g( 11 ) = 17 , g( 17 ) = 13 ) .
The benefit of this function is that it has the additional property that g( 1 ) =
1 . That is , 1 is a fixed point of g( z ) , whereas it is part of a period - 3 cycle of f( z ) .
The fractal induced by g(z ) is :
I originally moved to using g( z ) instead of f( z ) because the plot of the f( z ) fractal from earlier indicated to me that there may be a ball of black ( i.e. , boundedness ) of non-zero radius around each of the integers , but proving this for f( z ) seemed to be quite difficult ( as we would expect , since it would basically imply half of the Collatz conjecture ) .
Somewhat strangely , even though there appear to be balls around the integers in the fractal induced by f( z ) , these balls vanish in the fractal induced by g(z ) .
The image to the right is a close - up of the above fractal ( the point of convergence is z = 1 ) .
Nonetheless , the real line still seems to behave reasonably nicely under the action of g( z ) ; it ’s not difficult to prove that the fractal contains the real line segment [ 0 , N ] for some large number N that is similar in magnitude to the least M such that the conjecture is true for all n ≤ M ( known to be at least 5 × 1018 or so , as mentioned earlier ) .
However , many ( non-natural number ) points in that interval do not converge to 1 .
So what now ?
If the Collatz conjecture is true , then z = 1 is the unique natural number fixed point of g( z ) , yet there seem to be points arbitrarily close to z = 1 that do n’t even converge under iteration of g( z ) .
Why are there smaller spikes between the integers in both of these fractals , and where are the spikes centered ?
Does the restriction of the Collatz function to the numbers at the center of those spikes have any simple interpretation ?
Who knows , I ’ll explore some more in the future .
Until then , enjoy some pretty pictures .
RICHMOND , British Columbia –
With three memorable words , Sven Kramer became internationally famous after his victory in the 5,000 - meter men ’s speedskating event last Saturday , when an NBC reporter asked him to time - stamp a videotape by stating his name and country as he stood before the camera .
" Are you stupid ? "
the 23 - year - old Dutch superstar snarled with contempt , ensuring that the video would go viral before it was lifted by the IOC .
Three words .
The same three words that the entire skating community is asking of Kramer himself Tuesday .
Canada routs Germany , 8 - 2 , in men's hockey
A rout of lowly Germany does n't mean Team Canada is back on track
Devils defenseman Mike Mottau : Team USA can win a medal
U.S. skier Bode Miller misses gate , is disqualified in men's giant slalom
Nearly decade after near - fatal diving accident , U.S. skier Bill Demong helps U.S. win silver in Nordic combined
Top speedskater Sven Kramer disqualified after winning gold , setting Olympic record in 10,000 meters
Vancouver Scene : Toeing the line
Tuesday Olympic postcard : Dutch brass band blast
The most celebrated speedskater in the world was on his way to an Olympic record Tuesday , when officials took away his gold medal by disqualifying him for a lane - changing infraction nearly two - thirds of the way through the 10,000 - meter men ’s marathon at the Richmond Olympic Oval .
And when he got the news , Kramer had three more words :
“ This really sucks , ” he said .
“ This is a real expensive mistake . ”
With eight laps remaining in the 25 - lap race , referee Hannu Koivu of Finland ruled that Kramer made an “ incorrect changing of lanes . ”
Kramer himself did n’t know of the penalty until he crossed the finish line in 12:54.50 – which would have been an Olympic record , but now it is reduced to a historical footnote .
Instead , the gold medal – and the Olympic record — went to Seung - Hoon Lee of Korea , who covered the 10,000 meters in 12:58.55 .
Ivan Skobrev , the Russian who was skating alongside Kramer , took the silver in 13:02.07 .
And ironically , Bob de Jong of the Netherlands was the greatest benefactor of his teammate ’s blunder , winning the bronze in 13:06.73 .
And the guy left empty - handed handled the disappointment with remarkable composure , but he did manage to blame his coach , Gerald Kemkers , for the infraction .
“ Despite what happened , I skated one of my best 10,000 meters ever , if not my best , ” Kramer said .
“ It went so well , I was n’t getting tired at all . ”
That might be because he was preoccupied by a nagging suspicion that he goofed badly on the 17th lap .
Skaters typically switch lanes on the backstretch , but as he worked on the outside on lap 17 , Kramer looked confused .
He crossed over to the inside , but he lifted his right skate over a cone that marked the start of a sweeping curve – not making contact with it in any way — before continuing on his course .
“ Usually , I do n’t want to blame anyone else , but this time I ca n’t do anything else , ” Kramer said .
“ I wanted to go to the outer lane ; then just before the cone , Gerald shouted , ‘ Inner lane . ’
I thought he ’s probably right , and I went to the inner lane .
“ At first , I thought my skates passed the cone on the wrong side , and I will be disqualified .
Then I noticed in the stadium something was wrong . ”
Indeed , the capacity crowd recognized that Kramer and Skobrev were skating an inordinate amount of time in the same lane , but Kramer did n’t realize it until he finished his laps and was told by his coach .
He responded by flinging his glasses down in disgust .
De Jong was among the first to meet his teammate .
“ His reaction to me was , ‘ What ’s going on ?
This really sucks for Holland , ’ ” said de Jong , whose Dutch countrymen , clad in orange , filled half the building as usual .
“ You do n’t want to win ( a medal ) like this , but everybody has to cross over 25 times .
And everybody has to skate 10 kilometers .
“ But it ’s terrible — your bad dreams all becoming true . ”
Kramer has already had a brilliant Olympics , having won the gold in the 5,000 .
But the 10,000 was supposed to be a runaway .
Even the gold medal winner knew that .
“ I ’m lucky to get this medal , ” Lee said .
“ Had Kramer not been disqualified , he would have had it . ”
“ In the end , it ’s my responsibility — I ’m the skater on ice , I have to do it , ” Kramer said .
“ Maybe it ’s best said , ‘ We did it wrong . ’ ”
If they ever get around to talking to each other again , anyway .
“ We have to repair this , ” said Dutch head coach Wopke de Vegt , whose team still has a team pursuit event coming up .
“ It ’s not a matter of choice .
We are going to repair it – there ’s another medal .
We have to change heads to change minds .
The Olympics are not over . ”
Dave D'Alessandro may be reached at ddalessandro@starledger.com
Photo courtesy of Alison Honey .
Sign found at mall in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Some have suggested Paragon Mall is in Bangkok or Singapore .
A highly sophisticated hacking operation that led to the leaking of hundreds of emails from the Climatic Research Unit in East Anglia was probably carried out by a foreign intelligence agency , according to the Government 's former chief scientist .
Sir David King , who was Tony Blair 's chief scientific adviser for seven years until 2007 , said that the hacking and selective leaking of the unit 's emails , going back 13 years , bore all the hallmarks of a co-ordinated intelligence operation – especially given their release just before the Copenhagen climate conference in December .
The emails were stolen from a backup computer server used by the University of East Anglia .
They contained private discussions between climate scientists that have embarrassed those involved , particularly Professor Phil Jones , who has stepped down from his post as head of the unit pending an independent inquiry into whether there is any evidence of scientific misconduct .
He is not implicated in the hacking .
In an interview with The Independent , Sir David suggested the email leaks were deliberately designed to destabilise Copenhagen and he dismissed the idea that it was a run -of - the - mill hacking .
It was carried out by a team of skilled professionals , either on behalf of a foreign government or at the behest of anti-climate change lobbyists in the United States , he said .
" A very clever nerd can cause a great deal of disruption and obviously make intelligence services very nervous , but a sophisticated intelligence operation is capable of yielding the sort of results we 've seen here , " Sir David said .
" Quite simply , it 's the sophistication of the operation .
I know there 's a possibility that they had a very good hacker working for these people , but it was an extraordinarily sophisticated operation .
There are are several bodies of people who could do this sort of work .
These are national intelligence agencies and it seems to me that it was the work of such a group of people , " he said .
More than 1,000 emails , and some 2,000 documents , were stolen from a university back - up server where remote access is difficult .
This represents a small fraction of the total number of emails for the period from 1996 to 2009 , suggesting they had been selected for the most incriminating phrases relating to possible scientific misconduct and breaches of the Freedom of Information Act .
The leak of the emails in the weeks running up to the climate change conference in Copenhagen appeared to be carefully timed to destabilise the meeting .
" I do n't think that it 's a coincidence that the stealing of the emails from the individuals involved in East Anglia was put out for publication one month before Copenhagen .
That was n't a coincidence , " Sir David said .
" The emails date back to 1996 , so someone was collecting the data over many years .
It looks like possibly the work of an intelligence service .
What it was was a very well co-ordinated part of a campaign .
It was a difficult piece of work to get that done .
" I 've no inside knowledge except for the fact that I did work with our [ intelligence ] agencies , and the American agencies , that I have some experience , " he added .
The existence of the stolen emails came to light on 17 November when someone tried to load them onto the RealClimate website run by climate scientists , including Gavin Schmidt of Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
Dr Schmidt said that the hackers were using a legitimate computer based in Turkey as a proxy server but the attack could have been launched from another computer anywhere in the world .
He attempted to disable the hacking operation as it was taking place , but was prevented several times before finally succeeding because the hackers had penetrated deep into the website 's database software .
This required considerable skill and knowledge which an opportunistic hacker would not have had , he said .
" That requires some kind of monitoring - tool set - up and required them to have more access than you would get by simply logging into the blog , " Dr Schmidt said .
Two days after the attempted RealClimate hack , the file of stolen emails appeared on a server used by a company called Tomcity operating from the Russian city of Tomsk in Siberia .
However , again , the uploading could have been done by someone operating a proxy server anywhere else in the world .
Experts have suggested that loading the email file onto a Tomsk computer server may have been a clumsy attempt to lay a trail to the door of the Russian intelligence service , which has since denied any involvement in the hacking incident .
Some commentators in Russia have said that China had more to gain from destabilising the Copenhagen conference than Russia .
Sir David said , however , that it was not possible to dismiss the possibility of Russia 's involvement .
" If it was a job done on behalf of a government , then I suppose there is the possibility that it could be the Russian intelligence agency , " he said .
" If it was a maverick group then I suppose it could be the Americans , but I am hazarding a guess as much as anyone else .
The only thing is , I 've worked within government and I 've seen this in operation , " Sir David added .
" It was a sophisticated and expensive operation .
In terms of the expense , there is the American lobby system which is a very likely source of finance .
Right now , the American lobbyists are a very likely source of finance for this , so the finger must point to them , " he said .
Norfolk Constabulary is conducting an investigation into the hacking but said yesterday it would not comment on speculation that a foreign intelligence agency was involved .
The University of East Anglia also said that it could not comment .
Cyber crime :
The 21st century threat
* Espionage once conjured images of lonely spooks on foreign assignations during the height of the Cold War .
Not any longer .
The rise of capitalism , a free - market economy and an interconnected digital world have changed those terms of engagement .
Last week Hillary Clinton issued a warning to China and Russia to tighten up their internet security amid a growing threat of international cyber crime .
" We cannot afford in today 's interconnected world to have too many instances ... where companies ' accounts can be hacked into , " she said .
It came after Google threatened to end its operations in China following what it described as a " sophisticated and targeted " cyberattack on Google , Adobe and 20 other US companies .
More recently MI5 has accused China of setting up so - called " honeytraps " with a view to obtaining sensitive commercial secrets from top UK companies .
According to The Sunday Times , promotional gifts handed out at business trade shows included cameras and memory sticks have allegedly been found to contain bugs that provide the Chinese with remote access to users ' computers .
Estonia , too , has been a victim of cyber crime .
In 2007 it was subject to a three - week cyber attack that saw hackers permeate firewalls and infiltrate websites of banks and political institutions , in a move that threatened to wipe out the country 's digital infrastructure .
Nato has now established a cyber - defence centre in the region and the FBI has despatched a computer security expert .
Last year , Russian hackers were accused of a sophisticated cyber attack which temporarily shut down two social networking sites in order to silence a Georgian blogger critical of Moscow 's policies .
Kunal Dutta
Dr Rajendra Pachauri
* With his swept - back hair and wispy beard , Dr Rajendra Pachauri looks every inch the climate change visionary .
And as chairman of the United Nation 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change who accepted a Nobel Peace Prize alongside Al Gore in 2007 he has become an international figurehead in the battle against global warming and one of the most powerful figures at the Copenhagen summit .
But a spate of controversy over recent IPCC research papers and a resurgent mood among challengers to the theory of man-made climate change have led many to wonder who , exactly , he is .
According to the " brief " two - page CV on his personal website , Dr Pachauri , 68 , juggles his UN role with his position as chief executive of The Energy and Resources Institute ( TERI ) which has strong historic ties ( although not for the past decade ) with the Tata Group , India 's largest privately - owned corporation which also owns Jaguar , Land Rover and steelmaker Corus in the UK .
His critics say the other high - profile positions he holds – more than 20 – with banks , universities and think tanks could pose potential conflicts of interest with his UN role .
Among his many directorships was one from 1999 - 2003 with the Indian Oil Corporation .
Dr Pachauri says he receives no money for these roles .
Yet he began his career as an engineer working with the Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi .
Today , despite cooling relations with the Government , he is one of India 's most famous figures , inhabiting the exclusive Golf Links area of Delhi where Lakshmi Mittal , Britain 's richest man , owns a house and where , despite owning his own electric car , he was photographed this week being chauffeur - driven on the one - mile journey to his offices in a 1.8 - litre Toyota .
New - clear Reactors : Newly approved nuclear reactor designs seek to improve on old ones Dev Kapadia ’ 23 , Engineering , Fall 2020 Figure 1 : Shown by the red line , the sharp increase in the number of permits issued for nuclear reactors stopped completely after the partial meltdown of the nuclear reactor in the Three Mile Island accident of 1979 .
Consequently , the operational units of nuclear energy , ...
The Critical Role of Sleep in Determining Reaction to Daily Life Anahita Kodali , Life Science News , Fall 2020 A person at rest .
Chronic sleep deprivation increases the risk of numerous conditions , from heart disease to diabetes .
Source : Pixabay Sleep plays an extremely important role in physical and mental health .
In terms of physical health , the body repairs its heart and blood ...
The Environmental Consequences of Civil Wars Anahita Kodali , Physical Sciences , News , Fall 2020
This is the flag of Angola , the model country in the research study .
Image Source : Wikimedia Commons
Researchers often discuss the economic and political impacts of civil war , and for good reason .
From an economic perspective , countries undergoing civil wars see immediate spikes ...
Natural radiation poses problems for quantum computer development Sai Rayasam , Waukee High School Junior , Applied Sciences , Summer 2020 Figure 1 : These scientists are assembling a part of a quantum computer .
The superconducting qubits , the fundamental units of a quantum computer , need to be temperatures close to absolute zero in order to work , which illuminates the delicacy of them ....
The Aesthetic Nature of Infinity and Repetition Seen in the Illustrations of M.C. Escher Michael Del Sesto , Computer Science / Art Sciences / Mathematics , August 29 , 2020 “ Tekening ” , Sketch by M.C. Escher Image retrieved from Nationaal Archief Mauritius Cornelis Escher , a Dutch optical illusionist known for his symmetrical tile - like images , rose to fame in the United States during the 1960s and 1970s after Martin ...
Carbon - foam Light Sailing Could Take Us to Stars in No Time Sai Rayasam , Waukee High School Junior , Applied Sciences , Summer 2020 Figure 1 : This is an image of LightSail 2 , launched June 25 , 2019 , which solely utilizes sunlight to propel its orbit .
This is a revolutionary example of “ light sailing , ” in which a reflective material is used to extract the energy ...
An International Team of Researchers Just Solved One of the Biggest Mysteries of the Human Heart Anahita Kodali , Life Sciences , News , Summer 2020
The heart is one of the most complex organs in the body .
Pictured here are some of its more major anatomical features .
There are many more features , and a large number are not heavily researched .
There are some that researchers are not even ...
Whale Size Correlates with Feeding Pattern Efficiency Sean McOsker ’ 21 , Biological Sciences , 8/27/20 Figure : Blue Whale Surfacing off the Coast of Oregon Source : Wikimedia Commons
Both toothed and baleen whales are some of the largest animals to ever exist – Orcinus orca , or the killer whale , clocks in around 11 feet .
Its larger and deeper - dwelling toothed cousin , ...
The Geography of Disease : a Bayesian meta-analysis approach to epidemiology Love Tsai , August 21 , 2020 , Medical / Life Sciences Above is a map showing relative rates of pancreatic cancer across the globe .
The darker the color , the higher the rate .
55 % of the world ’s cases come from developed countries because pancreatic cancer ’s risk factors include obesity , smoking , and diabetes ....
A 16 - bit , " A Link to the Past " version ( which I personally prefer ) can be foundhere ---> [ link ]
______________________________________________A
mashup idea that I 've had in the back of my mind for a few years now , I just would always put off starting work on the execution of it .
Two iconic images -- Pink Floyd 's " Dark Side of the Moon " album cover and a Triforce holding Link from Nintendo's " The Legend of Zelda " video game -- melded together through a visual commonalitly .
I have three other versions already made and ready to go , feel free to offer up any suggestions for additional ideas for this DSotM / LOZ mashup theme .
Widescreen desktop wallpaper ratio ( 16:10 , not 16:9 ) .
After a couple years of false starts , aborted mergers , and other behind - the - scenes mishaps , Microsoft and Yahoo are ready to form a search partnership to better compete against Google , which continues to blow away its competitors in online search .
Under the terms of the deal , Microsoft 's Bing engine will p ower both the Bing and Yahoo search sites , with any differentiation coming at a more superficial level .
It 's not exactly clear yet how Yahoo will add value to Bing 's search results .
According to the companies ' press release , " Yahoo will innovate around those listings by integrating rich Yahoo content , enhanced listings with conveniently organized information about key topics , and tools to tailor the experience for Yahoo users . "
OK , what rich content ?
Enhanced listings , key topics , and tools ?
I contacted both Microsoft and Yahoo on Tuesday for more details , but got none .
( Microsoft directed me back to the joint release , and Yahoo did n't respond by the end of the day . )
Which led me to wonder :
Is Yahoo the next Alta Vista ?
OK , I realize many of you wo n't get the reference -- which is exactly my point -- so allow me to explain .
Alta Vista , which ironically is now owned by Yahoo , was once one of the most popular search engines on the Web .
In the mid -to - late 90s , Alta Vista provided a streamlined , Google - style search experience .
Sadly , the service bounced around from owner to owner , was reborn as a Yahoo - style Web portal at one point , and began to lose market share .
Alta Vista is still around , but few people even know it 's there .
Yahoo Search Is Fading
Alta Vista 's sad story makes me wonder if Yahoo is following a similar path to oblivion .
There 's no denying the fact that Yahoo's share of the search engine pie has been shrinking for years .
According to research firm comScore , Yahoo had just under 23 percent of U.S. searches in December 2007 .
By January 2010 , Yahoo's share had tumbled to 17 percent .
So will the Bing deal help Yahoo regain that lost share ?
I do n't see how it could .
Microsoft is the innovator here , the aggressor with the clever search engine that 's gaining market share -- albeit slowly and at significant expense to Redmond .
( The January 2010 comScore data shows Bing with 11.3 percent of the U.S. market , up about a half - point from December . )
Yahoo thus far has provided only the vaguest of examples of how it'll lure back search users , many of whom have moved on to Google or Bing .
To be fair , the Microsoft - Yahoo deal is very new , and the back - end integration probably wo n't happen before the end of the year .
However , if Yahoo has some cool search tricks up its sleeve , now 's the time to let us know .
Home Page Clutter
Certainly , the reasons behind the fall of Yahoo Search are many and complex .
Here 's a simple one that may not register with executives , analysts , and pundits , but one that I believe has a visceral impact on average users .
Simply put , the Yahoo home page is too busy , messy , and uninviting .
Its search window , though prominent at the top of the page , vanishes among the onslaught of news , photos , ads , and celebrity noise .
Yahoo is more like AOL -- hardly a raging success itself -- in that regard .
Bing and Google , by comparison , are clean and inviting .
Here , see for yourself :
Yahoo's search screen
AOL 's search screen
Google 's search screen ( customized for the 2010 Winter Olympics )
Bing Search Screen ( also featuring the Olympics )
Now , where would you rather search ?
Contact Jeff Bertolucci via Twitter ( @jbertolucci ) or at jbertolucci.blogspot.com .
Is it ironic that I can't view the Apple Ipad Keynote above from an Apple Ipad ?
Activists continue to oppose efforts to protect # FairPlay at every turn .
If they get their way , female athletes will soon end up on the sidelines of their own sports .
Our government needs to know that you support protecting female athletes from being forced to compete against biological males .
The future of these young women — girls like your daughters and granddaughters — is at stake .
You can make your voice heard .
Sign the petition today to encourage the Trump Administration and Members of Congress to safeguard the athletic and academic futures of young women across the country .
1. I am standing with all female student athletes nationwide .
2. I am asking the Trump Administration to provide clear guidelines through the Department of Education that “ sex ” does not include “ gender identity ” in female athletics .
3 . I am asking Congress to support legislation that protects female athletes .
About
Auto - Tune is an automated pitch - correction and audio - processing software developed by Antares Audio Technologies in 1997 .
While the technology has been silently at work behind various hits for over a decade , it was introduced to larger audiences after the breakout of rapper , singer and producer T - Pain , who experimented heavily with auto - tune effect in his albums .
Since its mass popularization through pop music hits in 2007 , online videos of all genres have been treated with the software for humorous effect .
Origin
At first , Auto - Tune was primarily used as a subtle way to cover the mistakes of a vocalist off their game ; smoothly sliding the pitch to the correct note .
Then in 1998 , Cher 's single Believe came out .
People had heard vocoders in the past , but this was different .
Cher 's voice snapped from one pitch to the next , as if her vocal chords had been quantized , leading some people to ask " what is that effect ? "
It was Auto - Tune , used excessively , to distort the tonal features of the voice .
With the expense of the Antares Auto - Tune plugin and the relative lack of social networking sites at the time , Auto - Tune remained something of a trade secret among many record producers who simply wanted to save time while working in the studio .
But as online social communities , user - generated content , video tutorials , and open - source software proliferated in recent years , so did the availability , usage , and experimentation of Auto - Tune .
Online Spread
In 2005 , rapper T - Pain made his debut with the album Rappa Ternt Sanga .
The album used Auto - Tune heavily on every track , such as his first single " Sprung " giving T - Pain his signature sound .
Many would call it a gimmick and many would be right .
But regardless , T - Pain 's followup 2007 album Epiphany debuted at # 1 , bringing the " always on Auto - Tune " artist to the masses .
2007 also saw the release of first - person puzzle - platform video game Portal , featuring the song Still Alive written by Jonathan Coulton and sung by Ellen McLain as GLaDOS .
The popularity of T - Pain , Portal and similar use of the effect by other popular artists such as Rhianna , Diddy and Kanye West all contributed to its ubiquitous presence throughout the year .
On February 9th , 2009 , The Lonely Island and T - Pain 's video I 'm on a Boat was released .
The video would attract over 21 million views .
Notable Examples
The majority of " T - Pain effect " tutorial videos are hosted on YouTube .
The larger group conversation started between aspiring audio techs , but due to the versatility of the “ just add Auto - Tune ” formula , the conversation spread from serious projects to silly ones .
Crying T - Pain Baby
Auto - Tune the News
SNL Digital Sketch : I 'm on a Boat
Slap Chop ( Rap & Autotuned )
Winston Churchill 's Speech Backed By Band from the Future :
The Anti-Autotune Movement
Controversy soon arose surrounding Auto - Tune , involving vocalists who use auto - tune , and those who feel that Auto - Tune is a ripoff .
On June 5th , 2009 , Jay - Z's D.O.A. ( Death of Autotune ) was released online .
Auto - Tune had obviously become saturated in both mainstream media and user generated content , and the anti-Auto - Tune movement now has a spokesman :
On July 8th , 2009 , legendary rapper KRS - ONE made his own Anti Auto - Tune video featuring underground rapper Buckshot :
Oscars 2011 Ceremony : Autotune Remix of Nominated Films
During the Oscars 2011 ceremony , hosts James Franco and Anne Hathway presented a short musical tribute featuring pivotal scenes from this year 's Academy Awards - nominated films , including a dialogue scene between Ron & Hermione from " Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 1 , " a Woody and the gang moment from " Toy Story 3 , " Justin Timberlake 's diner talk scene from " The Social Network " and even Edward 's sneering line " does n't he own a shirt ? " aimed at his romantic rival Jacob from " Twilight Saga : Eclipse . "
Several tweets posted by the Gregory Brothers shortly before and after their performance further confirmed that Autotune trio was behind the surprise project .
T- Pain vs. Antares Software
On July 29th , 2011 , AllHipHop.com reported that T - Pain has filed suit against Antares Software for continuing to use his image and likeness in advertisements and marketing for Auto - Tune , after their formal endorsement deal expired in June 2011 .
According to a complaint filed in U.S. District Court in California on July 25th , T - Pain is seeking $ 1 million dollars in damages as he will be soon promoting his own brand of audio technologies like " I am T - Pain Mic " and " The T - Pain Effect , " a vocal manipulator developed in partnership with another software company called Izotope .
In addition to $ 1 million dollars , T - Pain is also looking to prohibit the Auto - Tune developers from using his name image , likeness , photograph , voice or anything else connecting him to Antares ' competing products .
T- Pain's Products
Search Interest
According to Google Insights , 2007 marked the beginning of the public 's curiosity about Auto - Tune .
Know Your Meme Store
External References
This week in victim - blaming , a Princeton student explains why it 's a drunk girl 's fault if she gets raped .
Luckily , students and non-students alike are on hand to rebut her .
In yesterday 's Daily Princetonian , freshman Iulia Neagu wrote of a ( probably soon to be ex - ) friend who accused a man of rape after he had sex with her when she was too drunk to consent or even remember anything the next day .
Neagu asks ,
" Should the fact that she willingly got herself into an advanced state of inebriation prevent her from complaining about anything that happened to her while she was in that state ? "
Basically , Neagu 's answer is yes .
She continues ,
She knew what would happen if she started drinking .
We all know that the more people drink , the less likely they are to make wise decisions .
It is common sense .
Therefore , the girl willingly got herself into a state in which she could not act rationally .
This , in my opinion , is equivalent to agreeing to anything that might happen to her while in this state .
In the case of our girl , this happened to be sex with a stranger .
Advertisement
IvyGate quotes one Princetonian commenter who said , " I 'm very disappointed the Prince staff allowed this to be published .
They 're obviously just using a poor freshman as a sacrifice to the publicity gods . "
But others at Princeton are taking the column seriously .
In a response published today , Katie Rodriguez , Avital Ludomirsky , Amanda Yamasaki , and Jillian Hewitt write ,
If someone drinks to the point of an " advanced state of inebriation , " there are certainly expected consequences .
These could include hospitalization , blood alcohol poisoning and a massive hangover .
To give carte blanche to perpetrators to take advantage of an inebriated person , however , is unacceptable .
Advertisement
They also note that " It is not common practice to refer to victims of other crimes as having ' gotten themselves robbed ' or ' gotten themselves shot . ' "
Unfortunately , it is common practice to compare rape under the circumstances like the ones Neagu described — when the victim has been drinking , for instance , or wearing a short skirt — to being robbed while walking through " a bad neighborhood . "
In what 's not a direct response to the Princetonian article , but is one of the smartest blog posts I 've read in a long time , the Washington City Paper 's Amanda Hess eviscerates that analogy .
She writes ,
The person that compares sexual assault to getting mugged after " walking in a bad neighborhood " does not consider the mugging victim who lives in that bad neighborhood because he can't afford a place with less street crime .
He does not consider the mugging victim who works late into the night so that he can pay his rent .
He does not consider the mugging victim who does not have the means to fastidiously avoid his life circumstances .
Advertisement
Hess also points out that someone who has always had the means to live in a safe neighborhood may " start to feel a little bit empowered about his own safety .
He 'll start to think that he has avoided being held up at gunpoint because he 's made good decisions in his life , not because he was born into privilege .
He 'll start to feel a little bit superior to people who live with street crime as a matter of course . "
Similarly , people who have never been raped , be they men or women , may feel that they 've made better decisions than rape victims , that simply being smart is enough to avoid assault .
But ,
Hess concludes , " When it comes to sexual assault , every neighborhood is a bad neighborhood for a woman . "
And as Neagu shows , it 's also a neighborhood full of people yelling at you .
‘ Princetonian ' Tells Women They Were Asking For It [ IvyGate ]
Rape Analogy : The " Walking In A Bad Neighborhood " Theory [ Washington City Paper Sexist Blog ]
The Real ' Sex On A Saturday Night ' [ Daily Princetonian ]
What Constitutes Consent ? [ Daily Princetonian ]
by Sunder Katwala
The Tory right is getting a British Tea Party movement off the ground this Saturday , aiming to build an anti-tax movement .
Its being organised by the Freedom Association , starring right wing Tory MEP Daniel Hannan .
As we will no doubt hear again and again , its a good moment for an anti-tax revolt .
After all , the 2010 British Social Attitudes survey shows public support for tax cuts and spending cuts has doubled since 1997 , from 4 % to 8 % .
Public support for increasing taxation and public spending is now at its lowest level since the early 1980s .
39 % support this , down from 62 % in 1997 .
Only 8 % support cuts .
The most popular view , held by 50 % , is that spending and taxation levels should stay as they are .
It will be a long hard road to Libertopia , even if those who gather on Saturday may understimate that , but perhaps the Tory revolutionaries do realise that their real battle will be with their own leadership .
And perhaps the launch of the tea party should also prompt fiscal conservatives on the right to take on the fiscally ludicrous “ oppose all tax rises ” fundamentalism of the Taxpayers ’
Alliance and their allies .
Chandrayaan - 1 was launched in October 2008 from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota , about 100 kilometres north of Chennai , India .
(( Indian Space Research Organization / Associated Press ) )
India has announced plans to put two astronauts into Earth orbit in 2016 , which would make it the fourth country to put a manned mission to space .
The India Space Research Organization is seeking 124 billion rupees ( $ 2.8 billion Cdn ) for the seven - day mission .
" We are preparing for the manned space flight , " ISRO chairman K. Radhakrishnan told reporters .
" We will design and develop the space module for the manned mission in the next four years . "
ISRO spokesman S. Satish told The Associated Press that the government has already provided about four billion rupees ( $ 92 million Cdn ) for initial research on the mission .
ISRO said it will soon begin training of its astronauts for the space flight at a new facility in Bangalore .
Only Russia , the U.S. and China have their own independent human space - flight programs .
The European Union , Iran and Japan have all announced plans for human space flight in the 2020s .
India 's first unmanned mission to the moon , Chandrayaan - 1 , was launched in October 2008 , and its instruments were used to find water in the lunar soil .
Chandrayaan - 1 put India in an elite group of countries with mission to the moon , which includes the U.S. , Russia , Japan , China and the countries of the European Space Agency .
The mission had to be abandoned in August because of a communications failure with the satellite .
In September , ISRO launched seven satellites on one rocket .
A second unmanned lunar mission , Chandrayaan - 2 , is scheduled for early 2013 .
India also has plans for a mission to Mars in 2030 .
TONY ABBOTT has warned the Liberal Party it could lose the next state election if it does not preselect the man known as the leader of the party 's religious right , David Clarke .
The federal Opposition Leader said that to dump Mr Clarke would lead to internal war in the party .
The warning came in a personal letter to Liberal preselectors written late last week in an effort to save Mr Clarke .
Enemies of Mr Clarke say he does not have the numbers to retain his upper house spot and faces defeat .
Mr Clarke has also reportedly told Liberal figures his right - wing colleague Charlie Lynn is threatening to quit the party and would go to the cross benches in the upper house should Mr Clarke lose preselection on February 20 .
The looming preselection battle between Mr Clarke and the chief executive of the Civil Contractors Federation , David Elliott , now shapes as not only a huge challenge for the state opposition leader , Barry O'Farrell , who is on an overseas trip this week , but as a test for Mr Abbott .
Already party sources say that any decision to dump Mr Clarke from his upper house spot would trigger '' World War III '' in the party .
Mr Clarke is being targeted by his old lieutenant , the right - wing federal MP Alex Hawke , who believes he has the numbers in the area , together with some votes in the moderate faction , to easily defeat Mr Clarke .
Mr Clarke said he would not comment on Mr Lynn 's reported threat yesterday , except to say : '' I certainly would not be encouraging anybody to cross the floor . ''
“ Why did he run ? ” This question thrusts itself upon us every time an unarmed or otherwise harmless person is gunned down while fleeing from police .
Often that inquiry takes the form that assumes the guilt of the victim : “ If he did nothing wrong , why did he run ? ”
It ’s also common for that second version to contort itself into a nicely circular argument : “ Well , he ran , and resisting arrest is a crime , so obviously he got what was coming to him . ”
For reasons unclear to a mind not enthralled by statist assumptions , most people simply assume that both reason and morality dictate an unqualified duty to surrender without cavil or complaint whenever armed , violence - prone strangers in peculiar government - issued garb seek to restrain one of us .
This is why police are trained to interpret any hesitation , reluctance to cooperate , inhospitable body language , or verbal expression of resentment as “ resisting arrest ” and thus a justification for the use of “ pain compliance ” — or even lethal force .
Police and their apologists likewise insist — contrary to both law and judicial precedent — that there is no right to resist even a clearly unwarranted or abusive arrest , or even for a citizen to take steps to protect himself when he’s on the receiving end of unjustified physical violence from police .
Police are constantly catechized about the dangers they encounter when they conduct traffic stops or detain people on the street .
Why , the random “ civilian ” they encounter might be armed , trained in the use of weapons , and prepared to use violence without warning !
This is to say that this hypothetical “ civilian ” would be … just like the typical police officer .
“ Can we assault and brutalize innocent people with impunity ?
Yes We Can ! ”
“ Officer safety ” must be paramount in such encounters , we are told .
If a policeman is just a bit too quick to fire up the Taser or pull the trigger , it ’s because he has a dangerous and stressful job .
You & the Police !
Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 61.09 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
Are we therefore to assume that encounters between police and mere “ mundanes ” are n’t particularly dangerous and stressful to the latter ?
Given that police claim the supposed authority to pre-empt potential violence in the name of “ officer safety , ” we ’re entitled to ask :
Why is n’t “ citizen safety ” a legally effective defense for preemptive violence by law - abiding people to protect themselves against unjustified violence by police ?
At present , the only form of “ preemption ” considered legally and morally acceptable is unqualified submission .
People wrongfully on the receiving end of police violence are given the same advice that used to be given to potential rape victims :
Do n’t resist , do n’t fight back — it will only turn out much worse , and you may be killed .
Anyone who does n’t immediately submit to arrest , irrespective of the circumstances , is “ going to lose and possibly hurt yourself and others in the process , ” insists retired Milwaukee Police Officer Mark Zupnik .
“ You do not have the right to resist . ”
“ There are several more beneficial ways of pleading your case and challenging your arrest , ” Zupnik continues .
“ Get a lawyer , file a motion in court , go to pre-trial and plead your case .
Make a formal complaint challenging your arrest to the proper authority , but do n’t resist or fight !
It will add to your problems even if the arrest was a mistake .
You do n’t have the right to resist a legal arrest and it ’s that simple .
In most states , resisting arrest is an additional charge up to a felony , even for minor physical resistance . ”
No recourse : San Jose resident Scott Wright was beaten and tased by police , suffering a broken arm .
He was then charged with “ resisting arrest . ”
His “ offense ” was to reach into his vehicle to wash his dirty hands .
Zupnik , like others of an authoritarian cast of mind , embrace a tautological view of what constitutes a “ legal ” arrest :
It ’s any arrest carried out by a police officer , who supposedly embodies the law .
This is why he warns that resistance in any situation will result in a criminal charge which will be filed before “ a usually unsympathetic judge ” who will perceive you as someone who “ fought the law ” — which is always on the side of the state ’s armed enforcers , from this perspective .
Go Directly to Jail : T... Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 22.99 ( as of 07:50 EST - Details )
Except the rarest of cases , seeking redress for an unlawful arrest from the “ proper authority ” is a singularly useless exercise .
In some jurisdictions — such as San Jose , California , a city in which , on average , three people are arrested for “ resisting arrest ” every single day — it is entirely pointless to file a complaint over unwarranted arrests , since they are never upheld .
An investigation by the San Jose Mercury News found that of the 117 cases in which a complaint was filed with the police department ’s internal review board , not a single one was “ sustained . ”
That includes incidents such as the arrest of Scott Wright , who was beaten , tased , and had his arm broken by police before being charged with resisting arrest .
At the time his valiant protectors arrived at his home , Wright was working on an old Cadillac ; he provoked the gang assault by reaching into his van to wash off his greasy hands , a gesture that caused the Heroes in Blue ™ — a timid , skittish lot , as easily frightened as a young doe — to think that he was reaching for a weapon .
As is almost always the case in such episodes , Wright was charged with resisting arrest even though no weapon was found , and no other criminal act was alleged .
Sure , that spurious charge was dismissed — after the victim had spent a great deal of money seeking treatment for the injuries inflicted on him , and another sum to pay the legal expenses incurred because the cops , in an effort to cover their tax - fattened asses , filed a “ cover charge ” against the innocent man .
And of course , the police department cleared the assailants of any wrongdoing , because their criminal assault on Wright was in harmony with “ department policy . ”
“ What happened to Wright is no isolated event , ” the Mercury News relates .
“ Hundreds of times a year interactions between San Jose police and residents where no serious crime has occurred escalate into violence . ”
“ Many times the reason for the encounter is as innocuous as jaywalking , missing bike headlamps , or failing to signal a turn , ” continues the report .
“ But often , as incidents develop , police determine the suspect is uncooperative and potentially violent and strike the first blow . ”
He was “ protected and served ” : San Jose resident Joseph Ballard bleeds into the sidewalk outside a nightclub after being tased by the police , who say that his injury was the result of a “ fall . ”
Joseph Ballard was a victim of preemptive violence : Officer Justin Holliday shot him with a Taser outside a nightclub while Ballard was running to catch a ride home .
As he bled into the sidewalk , Holliday confected a story about Ballard threatening to shoot a bouncer and running to the parking lot to get his gun .
As it happens , the victim had neither a gun nor a car , and the bouncer said that Ballard had done nothing wrong — yet he was still charged with interfering with police and thrown in jail after he was released from the hospital .
Three Felonies a Day : ... Harvey A. Silverglate Best Price : $ 10.99 Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 04:35 EST - Details )
After two police arrived at her home in August 2008 , San Jose resident Ruth Mendiola earned an assault and a charge of “ resisting arrest ” when she asked to see a warrant the cops were supposedly there to deliver .
She was on the phone with the police department trying to verify the identity of the officers when she was seized by one of them , who kneed her in the ribs and then threw her on a bed to handcuff her .
David Haflich — a Caucasian with light brown hair — was severely beaten by San Jose police when he was mistaken for a suspect in a child abduction — a Latino with black hair .
Ordered to hit the ground , Haflich froze in his tracks , an act of insubordination serious enough , supposedly , to justify a gang - tackle and beating by police , who charged him with “ resisting arrest ” even though he was n’t a criminal suspect .
In 206 court cases in which the most serious charge against the defendant was “ resisting arrest , ” the paper documented that “ 145 — 70 percent of the cases — involved the use of force by officers , ” observes the Mercury News .
It ’s as if inoffensive pedestrians , motorists , and bicyclists were victimized by routine acts of criminal violence committed by an armed street gang … which , come to think of it , is exactly what is going on .
This kind of officially sanctioned lawlessness is a general affliction .
In Ohio , police who showed up at a house fire to gawk and collect overtime tased and arrested a 19 - year - old who had been helping friends and family escape the blaze .
This happened after one of the torpid donut - devourers hurled profane invective at one of the residents of the burning house , a young woman , who had asked them why they were standing around in subsidized stupefaction while people were in danger .
Last May , Minneapolis resident Rolando Ruiz was stopped by a police officer , who instructed Ruiz to place his hands on the hood of the officer ’s car .
Ruiz cooperated — and was shot in the neck with a Taser anyway .
The Minneapolis PD ’s “ use of force ” policy permits such gratuitous use of potentially lethal violence , and neither the policy nor any particular case is subject to civilian review or oversight .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Last June , in Everett , Washington , a 51 - year - old man was gunned down in his Corvette by a police officer who had grown weary of trying to talk the intoxicated driver out of his car .
At the time , the drunken driver was boxed in — parked cars on either side , a police cruiser blocking him from behind , a chain link fence in front .
The officer spent perhaps five minutes trying to reason with the driver before pulling out his Taser ; the drunk reacted — understandably , if tragically — by trying , unsuccessfully , to pull out of the parking space .
That provoked the officer to pull his firearm and murder the driver , firing eight shots into the car while exclaiming “ Enough is enough — time to end this ! ”
Every death of a police officer “ in the line of duty ” is solemnly memorialized and carefully tabulated .
However , there is no official record kept of civilians who are unjustly killed or otherwise brutalized by police .
Each encounter between the police and innocent civilians is a potentially deadly experience for the latter .
Thus the real question is not “ Why do innocent people flee from the police ? ” but rather , “ What rational person would submit to the police if he had any reasonable hope of eluding or resisting them ? ”
The Best of William Norman Grigg
IGN has a short ( two - and - a - half minute ) video that they ’ve titled “ Star Wars : The Old Republic PC Games Preview ” .
There ’s nothing new in it at all , it ’s just IGN summing up in broad strokes what we already know over a composite of old footage ( particularly the gameplay trailers ) .
But it ’s a nice overview and might be useful to explain to people roughly what Star Wars :
The Old Republic is if they have n’t heard of it yet .
I still ca n’t help but cringe at seeing some of the character models though .
[ link ] to “ video preview ” at IGN .
That is what happened in the fall of 2008 , when traders suddenly rushed to the safety of U.S. dollars during the financial crisis .
Those who had sold the dollar and Japanese yen to own higher - yielding currencies quickly piled up big losses as these other currencies sank in value .
The losses wiped out several years ' worth of gains in the carry trade .
Nobody would have seen such amazing artwork .
She is Cal Lane and this what she says about herself ‘ I have always been interested in embracing the very thing that repels me in order to understand it : I prefer to make sense of things or in order to suspend ( or pass ) judgment ’ .
Check out her amazing creativity .
Here 's the transcript of Tim Geithner 's interview on CNBC with John Harwood .
In it he discusses banker greed , the AIG memos ( he maintains he had nothing to do with them ) , and whether the new bank tax is punitive .
We 've highlighted the key parts
---
JOHN HARWOOD , host : Mr. Secretary , thanks so much for joining us .
Secretary TIMOTHY GEITHNER : Absolutely .
HARWOOD : The president , in laying out this financial crisis responsibility fee today , talked about massive profits and obscene bonuses being paid to Wall Street executives .
Is that an indication that there 's a good bit of politics in this initiative by the administration at a time when you guys are under a lot of pressure ?
Sec. GEITHNER : I do n't think so .
You know , there 's a legal obligation in the law that authorized the financial rescue that says the president is obligated to propose to the Congress a way to make sure that the costs of the crisis do n't add to our debt and deficits in the future .
And we thought it was economically sensible , fair , good policy , legally necessary to propose now how to make sure that the costs of this are not born by people who were innocent victims of all the -- all the wreckage .
HARWOOD : Jamie Dimon said you should n’t have tax policy that punishes individual firms .
Sec. GEITHNER : This policy is not designed to punish .
It 's designed to meet the simple , practical , legal obligation , and we 're doing it in a way , I think , it makes economic sense because we 're doing it in a way that is , in effect , a tax on leverage , it 's a tax on risk in some ways , and it 's borne by the people that benefitted most from the crisis .
That seems fair .
HARWOOD : Do you have any concern that this tax will have any damaging effect on the economy , on lending ?
And if not , why not make it higher , since we 've got a rather large budget deficit right now ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Let me start with the second .
The ultimate costs of solving this financial crisis are going to be dramatically lower than anybody thought was possible .
But a financial crisis like this caused a lot of damage , there 's still going to be some cost .
But the legal obligation is to make sure we cover that cost .
So , conservative estimates , the cost of the crisis may be in the range of $ 100 million , slightly higher .
So this is designed to make sure we cover those costs .
That 's why we did -- that 's why we did the size this way .
HARWOOD : Well , what about the deficit ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Yeah .
On the ...
HARWOOD : Well , you could make it higher and in addition to repaying the TARP , making taxpayers whole , you could narrow the deficit .
Sec. GEITHNER : You could , again .
But , again , this was designed to meet that simple , legal test , economic test .
It 's a sensible way .
Now , it 's designed very carefully to avoid any risk that this does damage to lending to recovery .
And of course that 's the most important thing we do now .
And I do n't think this has any risk of that .
HARWOOD : You know Wall Street very well .
Let me ask you a question that I think a lot of Americans ask when they hear the president talk about obscene bonuses , and this is something that we 've been discussing for some time .
Is there something morally corrupt about Wall Street institutions and the people in them ?
Sec. GEITHNER : I tell you , I believe personally that what you 're seeing happen across the financial system , what you saw happen that caused the crisis , even what you see now happening , is just causing a huger damage to basic trust and confidence of Americans in the fairness of our system .
It 's just very hard for people to understand with unemployment at 10 percent , you know , with millions of Americans -- this is the United States of America -- with millions of Americans on food stamps , worst recession in almost a generation , that you could see compensation practice produce such huge returns to people who were at the center of this mess .
It is unexplicable .
People cannot understand why it is fair .
And ...
HARWOOD : But you understand because you know this culture .
Why is it happening ?
Sec. GEITHNER : I do n't -- I do n't -- I do n't understand it , really .
I really do n't understand it .
And I think -- but what it underscores is why it is so important to make sure that we put in place tougher rules , the kind of reforms that 'll make sure that we can wake up in the morning and tell the American people that we have done what is necessary to protect them from the risk of this happening again .
HARWOOD : Is it pure greed ?
Sec. GEITHNER : John , it 's a complicated thing .
I do n't -- I do n't know how to explain it .
I can't explain it , I do n't understand it , and I think it 's very important for those people running these firms , for their boards of directors , for their shareholders , to work very hard to try to earn back some basic sense of trust and confidence of the American people .
I think it 's very important to do that .
And I think , as part of that , they need to not just make sure they 're making loans again to businesses and communities , helping solve the housing crisis , but they are working to support a package of strong reforms in the financial system that 'll be better for the country as a whole .
HARWOOD : As you know , you 've been asked to testify before Congress about some memos that came out , Congressman Issa released regarding AIG and advice the New York Fed gave to not disclose the full repayments to some counterparties of AIG .
Now , I know you 've said that you -- or your spokesmen have said that you were not involved in those memos .
But did you agree with the advice in the memos ?
Was it sound advice ?
Sec. GEITHNER : You know , I have n't looked at those memos , actually .
I was n't involved in that decision .
But I do think the Fed -- the Fed did disclose all that information subsequently .
I think they made the right thing disclosing it .
It 's important for the American people to see all that information .
But you know , John , what this is about is is a deep sense of anger and frustration that the government thought it was necessary to come in and prevent AIG from failing .
That was a hugely consequential decision , a very offensive decision to most people .
Deeply offensive to me , too .
But it was necessary to do .
And we did it in a way that I believe was not just least cost to the taxpayer , best deal for the taxpayer , but helped avoid much , much more damage than would have happened without that .
If we could have done it differently , we would have done it differently .
But this was the best way to do it .
HARWOOD : You still believe it was the right thing to pay counterparties 100 cents for the dollar ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Oh , absolutely .
Again , the way -- this is a tragic failure in the system , and we had no effective legal means to step in and prevent default without doing what you said , helping this firm meet all its legal obligations .
That 's why at a centerpiece of the president 's reform proposals is to give the government the tools to unwind , dismember , break up , sell these institutions without the taxpayer being put in the position of having to absorb their losses .
That 's the basic -- one of the most important reasons why we have to get reform in place .
We had no choice at the time other than to do this .
And I 'm , personally , very confident it was the right thing to do , and we did it in the best way possible for the American people .
HARWOOD : Will you testify before that committee of Congress that has invited you , and will you testify before the Truth Commission looking into the causes of the crisis ?
And what do you ...
Sec. GEITHNER : Yes .
HARWOOD : ... hope to learn from that commission ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Yes and yes .
In fact , I spoke to Chairman Towns last week .
I told him I would be happy to come testify .
Of course , we worked very closely with him and his colleagues to make sure they had the full information .
What -- the role they 're playing in our system is a very important role , and I respect and honor that .
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission is also doing a very important thing .
You know , I think a test of any serious country is you ought to be able to step back and take a cold , hard , independent look at what caused this , what were the failures in policy across -- that caused this , because to do that , to fix the system , you have to go through that process .
So I think what they 're doing is very important .
I 've met with the commission twice already , and I very much look forward to the chance to meet in public hearing with them in talks of the cause of this .
HARWOOD : What do you want to discover through that commission ?
What do you think you do n't understand about the crisis already ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Personally , I feel like I have a good sense of what the principal failures were .
But you know , you want to make sure you look at these through a second set of eyes , independent eyes .
You want a range of perspectives to bring to bear , and that 's one thing a commission can do .
And I -- again , I think it 's a very helpful process .
HARWOOD : Will you have any mistakes to admit to , invested in ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Oh , I - - I 'll tell you , I 've said this before and I think it 's important for people to understand .
I think there were systematic failures by people making policy .
I think in -- across the board .
The Fed , as well , made policy failures in that case .
And even though I was part of , at the New York Fed , doing a whole range of important things that helped made the system stronger , less vulnerable to this , we did not do enough , were not able to do enough , did not move soon enough .
And that 's why I personally feel such a strong obligation to make sure we 're working to put in place financial reforms that 'll fix these problems .
HARWOOD : We 'll move to a couple other economic questions .
The Congress , as you know , is debating new jobs legislation .
Talking about in the range of $ 200 billion to spend .
Can we afford to spend $ 200 billion , given the size of our deficit , and how much impact on the unemployment rate could you make this year ?
Sec. GEITHNER : I think we can .
I think there 's a very good case , even though the economy is healing and we 're seeing growth now , I think there 's a very good case for making sure we support a targeted set of initiatives to help people get back to work more quickly .
And so , as long as it's well - designed , it 's going to have the maximum impact on that objective , which is creating jobs -- more jobs more quickly .
I think it 's the necessary and appropriate thing to do for the country , and we can afford it .
HARWOOD : And how much impact could you make on the unemployment rate ?
Ten percent now ; some people think it 'll still be 10 percent in November .
Sec. GEITHNER : Well , again , I think what we 're going to focus on , John , is how many jobs is the American economy creating on net ?
Most business economists , most businesses think that we 're just a few months away now from seeing the economy start to generate jobs again for the first time , which is , again , much earlier than many people would have thought possible .
And again , we 'd like to have that happen sooner with more strength , as much as possible .
HARWOOD : What , in your view , is the risk of a double - dip recession ?
Is that gone ?
Do we know now that we 're not going to fall back into recession ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Again , we have to work very hard to prevent that risk , reduce that risk .
I think -- I would say a broad consensus of people running companies now is they are more confident today , much more confident today , that you 're going to see an economy growing at a moderate pace over the next few years .
We 'll just going to come out of this in a self - sustaining way .
But again , we want to improve the odds of that , and I think that 's why there 's a case for targeted measures to help reinforce this process of recovery .
HARWOOD : There 's some talk that to avoid economic damage , perhaps to avoid political damage , the administration might consider a temporary extension of the Bush tax cuts on those highest incomes , which the president campaigned against .
Sec. GEITHNER : We have not ...
HARWOOD : Is that under consideration ?
Sec. GEITHNER : No , it 's not under consideration .
That 's nothing we 've contemplated , and I do n't think that 's a necessary act .
Again , we are committed to make sure that we leave in place the tax cuts that benefit the vast majority of Americans and so that we are again doing everything we can to help heal this economy , get people back to work , repair the damage , the really extraordinary damage caused by this recession .
HARWOOD : So the administration would not go along with that if Congress suggested it ?
Sec. GEITHNER : I do not think that would be good policy for the country , and I do n't think it 's a necessary thing to do .
HARWOOD : Google has said it may pull out of China in response to some attacks on its system .
Google has said they believe the attacks were either launched by the government or condoned by the government .
Is that also what the administration believes ?
And , if so , what does it say about the US / China economic relationship ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Personally , I have no knowledge -- I 'm not aware of the basic concern underlying their judgment .
And , you know , they 'll have to decide what 's important for them to do .
You know , we have a lot of difficult economic problems with that -- with that country , with China , and we are working very hard to make sure that we 're protecting intellectual property rights , that we 're expanding access for American firms , that we 're working with China to solve a lot of complex problems we face across the country , not just climate change and not just our national security threats in Iran and North Korea , but a broader range or other issues where we need to work together .
But we 're not -- we 're going to disagree on things .
We 're going to have areas of tension in our relationship .
And work very hard -- we 're going to work very hard to make sure we 're protecting American interests in that relationship .
HARWOOD : And how concerned are you about this attack in particular and what effect it might it have on the future of the Internet ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Again , that 's something , John , I have n't spent a lot of time looking at .
But I know it 's something that we 're focused on across the administration .
But there are better people to speak to that issue .
HARWOOD : Let me just close with this .
You know , you 've gotten attacked constantly since you were nominated - - tax issues , AIG bonuses , people say you 're too on the left , that you 're too cozy with Wall Street on the right , that you 're part of excessive intervention in the economy .
How does it feel to be on the receiving end of those kind of barbs ?
And do you expect to be here throughout the president 's first term or might you leave after the elections , which sometimes happens in administrations ?
Sec. GEITHNER : This is a challenging job .
Of course , I knew it was going to be a challenging job , and it was necessarily going to come with a lot of challenge and criticism because we 're doing consequential , difficult things , and people are going to disagree with what our judgments are with what 's necessary .
But , you know , my job is to make sure I 'm doing everything I can to help the president solve the problems we inherited .
And we are doing a very effective job of starting to repair the damage , not just at much lower cost , much lower damage to the American people , to the taxpayer , but without having the government take on unnecessary responsibilities .
You know , again , we work very hard , John , to take the vast bulk of the money my predecessor was forced to put in the banking system , back , so that the government is not in the business of any long - term engagement where that is not necessary to do .
So again , we 're trying to make the best judgments of what 's necessary for the country .
Those are going to be unpopular to many people , people will disagree with them , but my job is to give the president the best advice possible .
And it is a great privilege for me to do that .
HARWOOD : What do you say to people on the left who say , Geithner 's totally in bed with Wall Street ' ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Yeah .
I mean , it 's the first time in my life I 've had the judgments I 've made go through to the prism that I come from that world .
It 's interesting .
I think when I came into office , I think most people believed I spent my life working in an investment bank .
I was in a congressional hearing , oversight hearing once , where one of the members said , ` But Mr. Geithner , you 're a banker . '
I said , `Actually , I was not a banker . '
They said , ` Well , but you were an investment banker . '
And I said , ` No , I 've never been an investment banker . '
They said , ` Well , but you look like a banker . '
And it
is -- you know , I 've spent my life in public service .
I grew up largely outside the country , so I do n't understand why that perception existed at the beginning .
And I would never ever put myself , put the president , put my department in the position of having any of the judgments we made vulnerable to the perception we were going to do anything other than what we think was necessary in the broader best interests of the country .
HARWOOD : Have you ever considered , in response to these calls , resigning your job ?
Sec. GEITHNER : Oh , well , that 's the judgment the president has to make .
You know , as long as I have the chance to help him do this , fix these problems , I 'll be honored to do it .
HARWOOD : So no desire to leave ?
As far as you 're concerned , as long -- everybody serves at the pleasure of the president , but as far as you 're concerned , that could be throughout the first term , not -- you 're not looking to leave at the end of it ?
Sec. GEITHNER : You know , John , that is his judgment to make .
You know , he asked me to come here and help him solve a bunch of complicated problems .
I 'm working very hard to do that .
We 're making a lot of progress .
But , you know , this caused a lot of wreckage , a lot of damage .
We 've got a ways to go .
And our job is to make sure the American people understand we 're going to keep working to help heal what is broken and put this economy on a stronger footing .
HARWOOD : Mr. Secretary , thanks for joining us .
Sec. GEITHNER : Nice to see you .
HARWOOD : Appreciate it .
Sec. GEITHNER : Thanks for having me .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Back in the early 90s Joel Garreau wrote a book called Edge City .
Basically , an edge city is a suburb , but it ’s a suburb that has the usual sprawl of stucco houses plus at least five million square feet of leasable office space .
In other words , it ’s a self - contained community where people can both live and work , and until the mid-70s such places really did n’t exist .
Today they ’re ubiquitous .
So what happened ?
Garreau explains :
When I started asking developers when , exactly , they first thought it plausible to build quarter - of - a- million - square - foot office monoliths out in some cow pasture , far from the old downtowns , I found it eerie how often the year 1978 came up … .
The only thing I ’ve discovered that begins to account for that nationwide pattern is that 1978 was the peak year in all of American history for women entering the work force .
In the second half of the 1970s , unprecedentedly , more than eight million hitherto non-wage - earning women went out and found jobs .
The spike year was 1978 .
That same year , a multitude of developers independently decided to start putting up big office buildings out beyond the traditional male - dominated downtown … .
The new advantage was proximity to the emerging work force .
These Edge City work centers were convenient for women .
It saved them time .
This discovery was potent .
A decade later , developers viewed it as a truism that office buildings had an indisputable advantage if they were located near the best - educated , most conscientious , most stable workers — underemployed females living in middle class communities on the fringes of the old urban areas .
Italics mine .
This passage has stuck with me ever since I first read it .
Three decades ago employers discovered that as long as their jobs did n’t require much in the way of physical strength — and fewer and fewer jobs did — women were a better employment bet than men .
Since then , this has become more apparent with every passing year .
Which brings us to the recession of 2008 - 09 , as described by Don Peck in the Atlantic :
The weight of this recession has fallen most heavily upon men , who ’ve suffered roughly three - quarters of the 8 million job losses since the beginning of 2008 … .
In November , 19.4 percent of all men in their prime working years , 25 to 54 , did not have jobs , the highest figure since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began tracking the statistic in 1948 .
…. According to W. Bradford Wilcox , the director of the National Marriage Project at the University of Virginia , the gender imbalance of the job losses in this recession is particularly noteworthy , and — when combined with the depth and duration of the jobs crisis — poses “ a profound challenge to marriage , ” especially in lower - income communities .
It may sound harsh , but in general , he says , “ if men ca n’t make a contribution financially , they do n’t have much to offer . ”
Noted without comment , because I really do n’t quite know how this is all going to shake out .
But I would n’t be surprised if we ’re entering not merely a slow recovery in general , but an era in which the male employment ratio hovers permanently around 80 % even for those in their prime working years .
For now , though , just consider this some raw data .
Labour 's ' secret plan for a 10 % death tax ' raid on the estates of Middle Britain to fund social care for the elderly
Ministers are considering plans for a ' death tax ' raid on the estates of Middle Britain to fund social care for the elderly .
Labour is said to have carried out secret polls to see if voters would stomach a 10 per cent levy on their estates when they die .
It means that the families of middle income earners with estates worth £ 500,000 could be hit with a £ 50,000 extra tax bill when their relatives die , on top of inheritance tax .
During furious exchanges with the Conservatives yesterday Health Secretary Andy Burnham refused to rule out the prospect of a so - called ' death tax ' levy .
Controversial : The poster issued by the Tories
The Tories have claimed that Labour has employed pollsters Ipsos Mori , who carry out research for the Department of Health , to conduct a survey in which people were asked if they agree to a 10 per cent levy on their estate when they die to cover the cost of care for the elderly .
The revelation has raised fears that Labour will target the better off , who would be hit with bigger care bills .
Middle income households are already forced to pay inheritance tax at 40 per cent on assets worth more than £ 325,000 .
Senior government sources refused to deny the reports that Labour is canvassing opinions about a death tax levy .
It follows a bitter row between the main political parties over how to fund free social care in England .
They all agree that reform is needed as many old people are forced to sell their homes to pay for care .
But private cross-party talks aimed at finding a solution to the problem broke down in acrimony last week .
It led to the Conservatives issuing a controversial poster claiming that Labour wanted to introduce a £ 20,000 death tax to pay for free social care .
The Government 's ageism tsar , Dame Joan Bakewell , and care charities yesterday renewed their strong criticism of the party political pointscoring of recent days .
Dame Joan described the Westminster row as ' shameful ' .
Mr Burnham said he will hold a non-partisan conference this week with charities and local authorities in an attempt to find a way forward .
He called on the Conservatives to put an end to ' negative ' campaigning and urged the parties to find a consensus .
Health Secretary Andy Burnham refused to rule out the prospect of a so - called ' death tax ' levy
Mr Burnham added that the Government would continue to consider all the options for funding social care .
The Tories dismissed the offer to attend Mr Burnham 's care conference until Labour rules out the prospect of a compulsory tax to pay for social care .
Conservative Treasury spokesman Philip Hammond said : ' Last week Gordon Brown refused to deny that Labour were working on plans for the death tax – now we see they are actively canvassing opinion at public expense . '
Anger at the policy boiled over into the TV studios when the health spokesmen for Labour , the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats came face to face for the first time since their talks broke down .
Norman Lamb for the Lib Dems accused Tory Andrew Lansley of ' not being straight over the row and claimed he had agreed that a compulsory payment option would have to be considered .
Mr Lamb told BBC1's The Politics Show : ' Andrew 's not being straight with people on this , because it was specifically recognised that there were both compulsory and voluntary options , and Andrew included that in his own draft statement of principles . '
Mr Lansley hit back : ' They ( Labour ) wanted a compulsory levy – a death tax – and I do n't .
There was never an agreement not to engage in normal political campaigning .
We were having conversations I initiated those conversations – but at the same time Andy Burnham was pursuing a white paper with objectives which included a death tax levy .
' And we know now that actually he was out there undertaking research about whether he was going to have a 10 per cent tax on everybody 's estate after death . '
Mr Burnham criticised Mr Lansley 's ' scare stories ' about Labour wanting a compulsory levy and cuts in benefits .
' There are no decisions taken on this issue , ' he said .
' We 've got options on the table , we need to explore those options . '
The BBC is entering a crowded market place The BBC Trust has been urged to block the corporation 's plans to launch phone apps for its news and sport content .
The Newspaper Publishers Association ( NPA ) said that the corporation would " damage the nascent market " for apps .
The group said that it would also raise the issues with the the Department of Culture , Media and Sport and MPs on the Media Select Committee .
The BBC has said it plans to launch its first news app on the iPhone in April , followed by one for its sport content .
It is also planning to develop more apps for its popular on - demand video iPlayer .
" Not for the first time , the BBC is preparing to muscle into a nascent market and trample over the aspirations of commercial news providers , " said David Newell , director of the NPA .
He said that the market for iPhone news apps was " a unique and narrow commercial space " that would be " distorted " by the BBC apps .
" This is not , as the BBC argues , an extension of its existing online service , but an intrusion into a very tightly defined , separate market . "
Several newspapers already offer iPhone apps , including the Independent and the Daily Telegraph - which are free - and the Guardian - which costs £ 2.39 .
Football focus
The BBC Trust , the body that regulates the BBC , said that the proposals to build the apps had not been referred to it for approval but it had been made aware of the plans .
" The BBC Executive has advised the Trust that it is satisfied that these plans to deliver BBC News , Sport and iPlayer content via smartphone apps fall within the terms of its existing BBC service licence and that the plans do not constitute a significant change to the service . "
We strongly urge the BBC Trust to block these damaging plans , which threaten to strangle an important new market for news and information
David Newell
BBC to offer iPhone applications A spokesperson for the BBC said that its online service licence , granted by the BBC Trust , was " quite explicit in allowing the BBC to repurpose its online content for consumption on mobile devices " .
The BBC news app , announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , will offer content from the BBC News website including written stories , correspondent blogs and video .
A sports app will be released before the World Cup , which starts in June , and will combine content from the BBC Sport website and 5 Live radio .
It will allow football fans to watch World Cup matches live on their phone .
The corporation said that it would initially focus on building applications for the iPhone but will then focus on developing similar software for Google 's Android operating system and RIM ( Blackberry ) .
The BBC's Erik Huggers said that the corporation 's move was prompted by requests from licence fee payers .
" They tell us that they want to access the digital services that they have paid for at a time and place that suits them .
" We are catching up with our audiences , and the same content that we broadcast on television and make available online can now be better enjoyed on the move . "
But Mr Newell said the development of apps " for a niche market does not sit comfortably with the BBC 's mission to broadcast its content to a wide , general audience .
" We strongly urge the BBC Trust to block these damaging plans , which threaten to strangle an important new market for news and information . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Next Post :
Rufus Wainwright on the Death of His Mother : ‘ I was Looking Right into Her Face … ’ »
WASHINGTON --
After six years of unprecedented exploration of the Red Planet , NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit no longer will be a fully mobile robot .
NASA has designated the once - roving scientific explorer a stationary science platform after efforts during the past several months to free it from a sand trap have been unsuccessful .
The venerable robot's primary task in the next few weeks will be to position itself to combat the severe Martian winter .
If Spirit survives , it will continue conducting significant new science from its final location .
The rover 's mission could continue for several months to years .
" Spirit is not dead ; it has just entered another phase of its long life , " said Doug McCuistion , director of the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" We told the world last year that attempts to set the beloved robot free may not be successful .
It looks like Spirit 's current location on Mars will be its final resting place .
" Ten months ago , as Spirit was driving south beside the western edge of a low plateau called Home Plate , its wheels broke through a crusty surface and churned into soft sand hidden underneath .
After Spirit became embedded , the rover team crafted plans for trying to get the six - wheeled vehicle free using its five functioning wheels - the sixth wheel quit working in 2006 , limiting Spirit 's mobility .
The planning included experiments with a test rover in a sandbox at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , plus analysis , modeling and reviews .
In November , another wheel quit working , making a difficult situation even worse .
Recent drives have yielded the best results since Spirit became embedded .
However , the coming winter mandates a change in strategy .
It is mid-autumn at the solar - powered robot's home on Mars .
Winter will begin in May .
Solar energy is declining and expected to become insufficient to power further driving by mid-February .
The rover team plans to use those remaining potential drives for improving the rover 's tilt .
Spirit currently tilts slightly toward the south .
The winter sun stays in the northern sky , so decreasing the southward tilt would boost the amount of sunshine on the rover 's solar panels .
" We need to lift the rear of the rover , or the left side of the rover , or both , " said Ashley Stroupe , a rover driver at JPL .
" Lifting the rear wheels out of their ruts by driving backward and slightly uphill will help .
If necessary , we can try to lower the front right of the rover by attempting to drop the right - front wheel into a rut or dig it into a hole .
" At its current angle , Spirit probably would not have enough power to keep communicating with Earth through the Martian winter .
Even a few degrees of improvement in tilt might make enough difference to enable communication every few days .
" Getting through the winter will all come down to temperature and how cold the rover electronics will get , " said John Callas , project manager at JPL for Spirit and its twin rover , Opportunity .
" Every bit of energy produced by Spirit 's solar arrays will go into keeping the rover 's critical electronics warm , either by having the electronics on or by turning on essential heaters .
" Even in a stationary state , Spirit continues scientific research .
" There 's a class of science we can do only with a stationary vehicle that we had put off during the years of driving , " said Steve Squyres , a researcher at Cornell University and principal investigator for Spirit and Opportunity .
" Degraded mobility does not mean the mission ends abruptly .
Instead , it lets us transition to stationary science .
" One stationary experiment Spirit has begun studies tiny wobbles in the rotation of Mars to gain insight about the planet 's core .
This requires months of radio - tracking the motion of a point on the surface of Mars to calculate long - term motion with an accuracy of a few inches .
"
If the final scientific feather in Spirit 's cap is determining whether the core of Mars is liquid or solid , that would be wonderful -- it 's so different from the other knowledge we 've gained from Spirit , " said Squyres .
Tools on Spirit 's robotic arm can study variations in the composition of nearby soil , which has been affected by water .
Stationary science also includes watching how wind moves soil particles and monitoring the Martian atmosphere .
Spirit and Opportunity landed on Mars in January 2004 .
They have been exploring for six years , far surpassing their original 90 - day mission .
Opportunity currently is driving toward a large crater called Endeavor and continues to make scientific discoveries .
It has driven approximately 12 miles and returned more than 133,000 images .
JPL manages the rovers for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
For more information about Spirit and Opportunity , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/rovers
News Media Contact
Dwayne BrownHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1726dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov Guy
WebsterJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-6278guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov2010-030
Historians of early America often talk about age , especially when measuring an individual ’s maturity or defining a demographic group .
But what does chronological age refer to in an environment where many people did not know their birth dates ?
When early Americans recorded age , was this an objective measure of years since birth , an individual ’s self - understanding , or a status imposed by a public official ?
The answer to these questions can tell us much about how people employ abstract social categories — not just chronological age , but also race , gender , and nationality — to determine who has access to particular rights and opportunities as well as who does not .
At the time of the American Revolution , many Americans did not know their birthdays .
They left school , started work , and got married at widely varying ages .
Death struck young and old alike .
The pious measured their days not by secular time but by progress toward eternal salvation .
Chronological age , in short , had little significance in people ’s daily lives .
The law , however , demanded precise knowledge of age .
From the beginning of European settlement , people had to meet age qualifications to testify in court , be held liable for a crime , sign a contract , will property , marry , and , if white and male , pay a poll tax , serve in the military , vote , and run for political office .
Laws and regulations spoke in terms of precise ages — sixteen years to pay a poll tax , twenty - one years to vote , forty - five years to end militia service , for example .
But what did those numbers mean in a culture where many people did not know their birthdays ?
What exactly were public officials measuring when they demanded proof of age ?
Evidence from court cases , diaries , letters , and family records suggest that many people in early America did know their exact date of birth .
These individuals often owned a family register they could use to prove age , thus turning age itself into a kind of property owned by some but unavailable to others .
Those without a recorded birthday could sometimes offer an approximation based on family stories that associated their birth with a memorable event .
Still others had no knowledge at all of when they were born .
In these latter two cases , officials charged with administering age qualifications had to determine chronological age based on shared knowledge of historical events or physical signs of maturity .
For these people , documents stating age record a negotiation between citizens and the state : individuals offered personal testimony and public officials imposed a precise age .
These official assessments appear as chronological age in written records , but in fact have little to do with age in the modern sense of stating an exact birth date .
Nor do they reflect people ’s use of age as a measure of self - understanding .
For some , age was a form of property secured by ownership of a family record .
For others , it was a negotiation with the state .
In either case , age functioned as a boundary to citizenship with which citizens had to contend .
Most people in early America recognized chronological age as an arbitrary boundary to citizenship rights .
As John Adams mused in May 1776 , “ What Reason Should there be , for excluding a Man of Twenty years , Eleven Months and twenty - seven days old , from a Vote when you admit one , who is twenty one ? ”
The reason was obvious to most people — age qualifications were necessary because young children lacked the capacity to exercise rights and perform duties .
Believing that age restrictions were necessary , the nation ’s founders retained age qualifications inherited from English common law and embedded new ones in American law .
What they did not do was create a reliable system for registering births and documenting age .
In the colonial period , some legislatures required ministers or town clerks to register births , recognizing that these records were essential for probate cases , but compliance and enforcement remained spotty at best .
Massachusetts led the way over the course of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries in creating the first modern bureaucracy for recording vital statistics .
By steadily raising fines on town clerks who failed to report births and deaths , and increasing fees paid to those who did , Massachusetts developed the most reliable birth registry in the new nation .
Even there , however , infants born in rural areas and large cities often escaped the notice of any public official .
The most common technology for recording birth dates in early America was a private one : notations in the family Bible .
This tradition , imported from England , was quite widespread because courts accepted birth records in family Bibles as evidence for probate .
Historians Shane Landrum and Susan Pearson have found that some families with even small amounts of property kept such records , but many transient and impoverished people did not .
As a result , having a family record was a mark of class privilege .
The ability to document and prove age , like many other markers of identity such as whiteness or citizenship , was a sort of property , accrued by some , denied to others .
Those able to purchase and maintain a private , family register could easily meet age qualifications in law .
The poor , the transient , and the illiterate could not .
Indeed , by the early nineteenth century , publishers marketed increasingly ornate and costly Bibles and family records .
As historians Georgia Brady Barnhill , Peter Benes , and François Weil have documented , many families aspiring to respectable , middle - class standing displayed illustrated genealogies in their homes .
Girls attending female academies learned to paint or stitch handmade family records that could be displayed as markers of family unity and refinement .
Engravers marketed family records illustrated with Republican and Christian symbols .
Engraver Pater Maverick , for example , presented the allegorical figures of Charity with an infant and cornucopia , Hope holding an anchor and pointing to heaven , and a bird feeding its young beneath the sun ’s rays .
Most of these surviving records show evidence of having been framed for display .
By the 1830s , lithographers such as Nathaniel Currier and James Baillie pictured idealized bourgeois families celebrating births , consummating marriages , and mourning deaths .
These ostentatious prints , paintings , and embroideries increasingly linked family record keeping with financial success .
In a further display of prosperity , some families began celebrating children ’s birthdays .
In 1803 , a Boston printer marketed the first American edition of British author Elizabeth Somerville ’s small volume , A Birth Day Present , or , a New Year ’s Gift . . .
For the Use of Young Persons , from Ten to Fifteen Years of Age .
At a time when children ’s birthday celebrations were still a novelty , this book offered a sort of how - to guide for organizing an event that would balance “ a little entertainment of cakes and fruit ” with moral lessons on self improvement .
By the 1830s , giving books to children on their birthdays was a common practice recorded in loving inscriptions such as “ To my dear daughter Lucy Bacon , a birthday present for her sixth birthday . ”
Receiving birthday presents underlined age itself as a form of property to be treasured .
For privileged children such as Lucy , counting birthdays became central to their self - understanding as American citizens .
The historian Jon Grinspan found that many white , middle - class youth in antebellum America used their diaries and letters to track their yearly progress toward age twenty - one when they would become adults and , if white and male , cast their first vote .
Beyond age twenty - one , however , most people did not celebrate their birthdays , as historian Howard Chudacoff has found .
The main exception was family gatherings when an elder relative reached the biblical milestone of three score and ten .
A person living to 100 might receive a special sermon in church and notice in the local paper .
Most middle - aged adults , however , did not celebrate their birthdays until late in the nineteenth century when manufacturers of commercial greeting cards began to promote the practice .
Many did , however , quietly remark upon the date in diaries or letters .
These people , generally from educated , propertied families , displayed a high degree of age consciousness .
This did not mean , however , that they could reliably produce written proof of age .
Children ’s birthday parties and ornate Bibles were effective displays of bourgeois respectability , but they were not reliable means of documenting age .
Fires , floods , and carelessness could easily destroy family records along with other forms of property .
Young adults who moved
West might leave their birth records with parents many states away .
As a result , even literate and propertied Americans often found themselves in middle or old age without any proof of their birthdays .
To guard against such loss , some families purchased Bibles for each of their children , filling the family record pages and leaving space for the next generation .
The American Tract Society , founded in 1825 , released relatively inexpensive Bibles with printed family record pages .
These mass - produced registers enabled more family members to retain copies , but private registers always remained vulnerable to loss .
While it is impossible to quantify what percentage of American families maintained a Bible record or other private registry of births , enough of these documents survive that we can safely assume that many — though by no means all — propertied Americans from stable families possessed some written record of their age by the 1830s .
Detailed birth records also existed for those who were themselves property .
Slave owners diligently wrote down the births and deaths of enslaved people because age was an important factor in establishing the monetary value of chattel property .
Some slave owners employed Bibles for this purpose , as when Floyd County , Virginia , resident Gabe Wells recorded “ Births of my Black Folks ” in one section of a family record and his white relatives in another .
Mary Ragland Stamps Rice , plantation mistress of The Oaks in Charlotte County , Virginia , used a recipe book to record the ages of enslaved people .
She wrote precise birth years for most , but also noted when age was an approximation : “ Old Sam about 68 . . .
John aged 14 when purchased . ”
The last entry hints at the uncertainty of age in a market where slave traders had incentives to lie about chronological age in order to inflate prices .
As historians Marie Jenkins Schwartz and Wilma King have documented , slaves received the highest valuations in their late teens and twenties .
If John was a large child , a slave trader may have passed him off as older than he was .
The ages recorded in plantation account books thus reflect the self - interest of those who sold and owned slaves , not the self - understanding of enslaved people themselves .
Indeed , slave owners generally kept the capacity to record age — both written records and literacy skills — from enslaved people .
When representatives of the Works Progress Administration interviewed former slaves in the 1930s , many reported that they did not know their date of birth .
Fugitive slave Frederick Douglass first raised this issue in his 1845 Narrative , asserting that slave owners desired slaves should “ know as little of their ages as horses know of theirs . ”
Douglass explained that preventing this self - knowledge was part of a larger effort to dehumanize enslaved people .
As a free man , Douglass chose February 14 as his birthday because his mother had called him her “ valentine . ”
In 1888 , when he was old and famous , admirers organized a gala celebration for his seventy - first birthday .
He reminded them that , properly speaking , he “ never had a birthday . . .
Birthdays belong to free institutions . ”
With deep insight , Douglass pointed out that chronological age in nineteenth - century America functioned primarily as a measure of citizenship status , a qualification possessed by some but denied to others .
By inventing a birthday , Douglass solidified his identity as a free man but learned nothing of his own birth .
In contrast to Douglass , some fugitive slaves knew their date of birth .
Harriet Jacobs , for example , had access to literacy and a close - knit family , both of which facilitated knowledge of her age .
She organized her narrative Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl around particular birthdays .
After the Civil War , freed people dedicated themselves to reuniting family members and , as part of that effort , began to keep their own records of births and deaths .
Printers capitalized on this new market by releasing family records with illustrations of black families .
Like Douglass , the families who purchased these records laid claim to birth dates as a mark of freedom .
In sum , births were most likely to be written down if they occurred in families with property or in those owned as property .
What of the large population of poor and working - class people in between ?
Historian James Schmidt has demonstrated that well into the early twentieth century , many poor , working - class , and rural Americans of all races and ethnicities did not know or could not prove how old they were .
How then did people meet the numerous age qualifications they faced in law ?
Records of military service , marriages , and elections offer evidence that for people without birth records , chronological age was not so much a knowable fact as it was a matter of negotiation with authority .
People testified to their ages , but public officials also assessed their appearance to determine if the testimony seemed credible .
Those with no written proof of age remained particularly vulnerable to having an age assigned to them by someone else .
For those who did not own a record of their age , negotiating age with the state became an established tradition during the colonial period .
Tax assessors , militia captains , court officials , and ministers marrying young couples , among other public officials , all had to determine a person ’s age in order to carry out their responsibilities .
In cases where a person did not know or could not prove age , public officials balanced personal testimony with their own judgment .
In her carefully researched study of boy soldiers during the American Revolution , Caroline Cox documented that recruiters directed to enlist boys over sixteen often accepted “ stout ” lads of fourteen or fifteen .
Size and capacity mattered more than proof of age .
With regards to child marriage , Nicholas Syrett found that young people often traveled to counties where nobody knew them and successfully convinced a minister they were of age .
Once a marriage was consummated , courts rarely invalidated the bond even if a parent or guardian produced proof that a child was underage .
As part of his study of elections in early America , political scientist Richard Franklin Bensel demonstrated that young men provided sworn testimony as to their age but could be challenged by election officials and bystanders .
In contested cases with no written proof of age , judges sought witnesses who could name well - known events that occurred around the time of a person ’s birth .
Officials also looked to physical evidence of maturity , most often the growth or lack of a beard .
Based on scattered evidence , Bensel estimated that overall roughly ten percent of voters did not know their own age , though in some areas such as rural Kentucky far more lacked this knowledge .
What these histories reveal is that state and federal governments created age qualifications for citizenship long before all citizens knew or could prove their ages .
As a result , public officials developed elaborate mechanisms for investigating and , if necessary , inventing ages .
Individuals offered their own testimony , but the ultimate power to determine age remained with officials administering the rights and obligations of citizenship .
As with gender , race , and other categories of citizenship , age was subject to visible scrutiny by the state .
Personal claims could be either validated or delegitimated by those in power .
The administration of Revolutionary War pensions offers a particularly vivid illustration of how public officials scrambled to determine age before any standardized identity documents existed .
In 1832 , Congress granted pensions to all surviving veterans without regard to need or disability .
The Pension Bureau in Washington directed local courts to process applications , printing a standard form with questions to be answered under oath by the applicant and two character witnesses .
As part of a general effort to combat fraud , the pension bureau showed a remarkable interest in both determining applicants ’ ages and whether or not they had written proof of age .
Directing court officials that “ the age of the claimant must invariably be mentioned , ” the Bureau demanded that court officials ask “ Where and in what year were you born ? ” and “ Have you any record of your age ?
and , if so , where is it ? ”
This curiosity about written records is remarkable , for it appears as an effort to test whether or not age claims could be documented and if so , how .
The results showed that many people could state an age but had no written documentation to prove it .
Payment of a pension was based on service , not age , but these records nonetheless reveal in remarkable detail how people tracked their own ages in early America .
Historian Caroline
Cox productively used these records to document the youth of boy soldiers , but pension records open a much broader window on understandings of age .
A statistical sampling of these records could reveal the extent of age consciousness for a large sample of older men in the 1830s .
What interests me here is not quantification , but the ways in which individuals testified to their age and how they knew it .
Interestingly , many admitted that they only knew what family members had told them .
For example , Abraham Aarons , applying in Adair County , Kentucky , told the court that he was “ born in Lancaster County state of Pennsylvania on the 17th of March 1759 agreeable to the information of his parents which he believes to be true and correct [ , ] he never having heard speak of any other . ”
Other individuals came from towns in New England that had kept some record of births and pointed to this official document as proof of age .
For example , Nathan Abbot told the Middlesex County Court he “ supposes that his birth is recorded in the Town Records ” of Andover .
People who knew the month and year of their birth often claimed to have gained that knowledge from the record in a family Bible , though in many cases the Bible itself had been lost .
Thus , Paul Findley , testifying in Abbeville , South Carolina , reported that he was born in January 1762 and “ has no doubt relative to it from the fact of his having seen the record of his age in his father ’s family Bible at the age of sixteen or seventeen years , which Bible is now lost or otherwise destroyed . ”
His older brother , John Finley , also a veteran , provided a more detailed account of how the Bible had been lost .
He told the same court that “ he has not the original record of his age , that it was burned by the Tories during the Revolutionary War . ”
Also testifying in Abbeville , David Pressly reported that “ he was born in the city of Glasgow in Scotland on the 13th of January one thousand seven hundred sixty four and brought from there to America when he was an infant in the nurse ’s arms . ”
Pressly clarified that “ the record of his age was in a Bible belonging to his cousin David Pressly who is dead . ”
He did not know what had become of the Bible .
Anticipating that many veterans would have no written proof of age , the Pension Bureau designed a specific process through which those with public authority could certify the applicant ’s claim as credible .
Directions specified that the applicant supply “ two respectable persons — one of whom should be the nearest clergyman , if one lives in the immediate vicinity of such applicant , who can testify , from their acquaintance with him , that they believe he is of the age he represents , and that he is reputed and believed in the neighborhood to have been a Revolutionary soldier . ”
The pre-printed form provided for this purpose read , “ we believe him to be [ blank ] years of age . ”
The witnesses thus had to specify a chronological age .
They could not simply say he was old , though some qualified their answer by saying they believed the applicant to be “ about ” his stated age .
The clerk of the court also had to certify the applicant ’s age .
Three people thus had the authority to accept or reject a veteran ’s personal testimony as to his age .
Relying on witnesses and court officials ensured that an applicant appeared to be roughly the age he claimed , but could not wipe out all fraud .
What it did accomplish was to create a process for categorizing citizens by age before the development of birth registration .
This system enabled people to testify as to their own self - understanding of age , but also empowered “ respectable persons , ” particularly clergy and court officials , to accept or reject that testimony and , if needed , assign a credible age to someone who did not provide one .
In processing claims , the Pension Bureau generally accepted whatever age had been entered by the district court .
These documents thus reveal in detail how age was a negotiation , a balancing of personal testimony with public authority .
Today , we assume that most Americans have a birth certificate stating their true age .
We recognize that people might lie about their age or even obtain a fake identification card , but we suppose that beneath these falsehoods there exists a reliable record .
It is worth remembering , however , that age - based qualifications for citizenship preceded and in no way depended upon documentation of age .
This should give us pause when we think about the “ truth ” of other identity categories such as sex , nationality , or race .
Just as people lacked written proof of age in early America , they also lacked proof of race or sex .
Many people assumed these categories were obvious , easy to read on people ’s bodies , and essential to daily life in ways that age was not .
But we know some people chose to “ pass ” as something they were not , while others did not fit neatly into one race or sex category .
These people might find a race or sex assigned to them in much the same way that officials assigned age .
Age appeared to people in early America as the most arbitrary qualification for citizenship , but that very recognition reveals the arbitrariness behind other categories as well .
Acknowledgements :
I would like to thank Anna Mae Duane and Nicholas Syrett for their insightful comments on this essay .
I am also grateful to Jaclyn Penny at the American Antiquarian Society and the staff of the Albert and Shirley Small Special Collections Library at the University of Virginia for help locating exemplary copies of early family records .
Further Reading :
Peter Benes , “ Decorated New England Family Registers , 1770 - 1850 , ” In The Art of the Family : Genealogical Artifacts in New England , eds. D. Brenton Simons and Peter Benes ( Boston , 2002 ) : 15 -59 .
Georgia Brady Barnhill , “ ’ Keep Sacred the Memory of Your Ancestors ’ : Family Registers and Memorial Prints , ” in The Art of the Family : Genealogical Artifacts in New England , eds.
D. Brenton Simons and Peter Benes ( Boston , 2002 ) : 60 - 74 .
Richard Franklin Bensel , The American Ballot Box in the Mid-Nineteenth Century ( New York , 2004 ) .
Howard P. Chudacoff , How Old Are You ?
Age Consciousness in American Culture ( Princeton , N.J. , 1989 ) .
Caroline Cox , Boy Soldiers of the American Revolution ( Chapel Hill , N.C. , 2016 ) .
Jon Grinspan , The Virgin Vote : How Young Americans Made Democracy Social , Politics Personal , and Voting Popular in the Nineteenth Century ( Chapel Hill , N.C. , 2016 ) .
Cheryl Harris , “ Whiteness as Property , ” Harvard Law Review 106:8 ( June 1993 ) : 1710 - 91 .
Wilma King , Stolen Childhood : Slave Youth in Nineteenth - Century America , 2nd ed ( 1995 ; Bloomington , Ind. , 2011 )
Shane Landrum , “ From Family Bibles to Birth Certificates : Young People , Proof of Age , and American Political Cultures , ” in Age in America : The Colonial Era to the Present , edited by Corinne T. Field and Nicholas L. Syrett ( New York , 2015 ) , 124-47 .
Susan J. Pearson , “ ‘ Age Ought to Be a Fact ’ : The Campaign Against Child Labor and the Rise of the Birth Certificate , ” Journal of American History ( March 2015 ) : 1144-65 .
James D. Schmidt , Industrial Violence and the Legal Origins of Child Labor ( New York , 2010 ) .
Marie Jenkins Schwartz , Born in Bondage : Growing up Enslaved in the Antebellum South ( Cambridge , Mass. , 2000 ) .
Nicholas L. Syrett , American Child Bride : A History of Minors and Marriage in the United States ( Chapel Hill , N.C. , 2016 ) .
François Weil , Family Trees : A History of Genealogy in America ( Cambridge , Mass. , 2013 ) .
This article originally appeared in issue 17.2 ( Winter , 2017 ) .
Corinne Field is an assistant professor in the Department of Women , Gender & Sexuality at the University of Virginia .
She is the author of The Struggle for Equal Adulthood : Gender , Race , Age , and the Fight for Citizenship in Antebellum America and co-editor with Nicholas Syrett of Age in America : The Colonial Era to the Present .
We tend to not use higher derivative theories .
It turns out that there is a very good reason for this , but that reason is rarely discussed in textbooks .
We will take , for concreteness , $ L\left ( q , \dot q , \ddot q\right ) $ , a Lagrangian which depends on the 2nd derivative in an essential manner .
Inessential dependences are terms such as $ q\ddot q$ which may be partially integrated to give $ {\dot q}^2 $ .
Mathematically , this is expressed through the necessity of being able to invert the expression $ $ P_2 = \ frac{ \partial L\left ( q , \dot q , \ddot q\right ) }{\partial \ddot q} , $$ and get a closed form for $ \ddot q \left ( q , \ dot q , P_2 \right ) $ .
Note that usually we also require a similar statement for $ \dot q \left ( q , p\right ) $ , and failure in this respect is a sign of having a constrained system , possibly with gauge degrees of freedom .
In any case , the non-degeneracy leads to the Euler - Lagrange equations in the usual manner : $ $ \frac{\partial L}{\partial q} - \ frac{d}{dt}\frac{\partial L}{\partial \dot q} + \ frac{d ^2}{dt^2}\frac{\partial L}{\partial \ddot q} = 0 . $ $ This is then fourth order in $ t$ , and so require four initial conditions , such as $ q $ , $ \dot q$ , $ \ddot q$ , $ q^ { ( 3 ) } $ .
This is twice as many as usual , and so we can get a new pair of conjugate variables when we move into a Hamiltonian formalism .
We follow the steps of Ostrogradski , and choose our canonical variables as $ Q_1 = q$ , $ Q_2 = \ dot q$ , which leads to \begin{align} P_1 &= \ frac{ \partial L}{\partial \dot q} - \ frac{d}{dt} \frac{\partial L}{\partial \ddot q} , \\ P_2 &= \ frac{ \partial L}{\partial \ddot q}. \end{align}
Note that the non-degeneracy allows $ \ddot q$ to be expressed in terms of $ Q_1 $ , $ Q_2 $ and $ P_2 $ through the second equation , and the first one is only necessary to define $ q^ { ( 3 ) } $ .
We can then proceed in the usual fashion , and find the Hamiltonian through a Legendre transform : \ begin{align} H &= \sum_i P_i \dot {Q}_i - L \\ &= P_1 Q_2 + P_2 \ddot{q}\left( Q_1 , Q_2 , P_2\right ) - L\left ( Q_1 , Q_2 , \ddot{q}\right ) .
\end{align} Again , as usual , we can take time derivative of the Hamiltonian to find that it is time independent if the Lagrangian does not depend on time explicitly , and thus can be identified as the energy of the system .
However , we now have a problem : $ H$ has only a linear dependence on $ P_1 $ , and so can be arbitrarily negative .
In an interacting system this means that we can excite positive energy modes by transferring energy from the negative energy modes , and in doing so we would increase the entropy — there would simply be more particles , and so a need to put them somewhere .
Thus such a system could never reach equilibrium , exploding instantly in an orgy of particle creation .
This problem is in fact completely general , and applies to even higher derivatives in a similar fashion .
Hanoi ( AsiaNews ) -
The Vietnamese government yesterday sentenced Pham Thanh Nghien , a Vietnamese dissident writer to 4 years in prison plus 3 under house arrest after a half - day trial in the northern city of Haiphong .
The charge , typical of such farcical trials , is of " spreading propaganda against the state . "
Nghien , 32 , was convicted in November 2008 for protesting against the Vietnamese position – which she considered too soft – over control of the Paracel and Spratly Islands , disputed with China , and requested the authorities for permission ( denied ) to hold a demonstration against a rise in inflation .
However , according to her lawyer , at yesterday 's hearing - held behind closed doors – she was charged in relation to defamation of public officials , in an article in which Nghien accused them of pocketing money intended for families of Vietnamese fishermen killed by the Chinese navy in an accident in 2007 .
LJUBLJANA ( Reuters ) - A Slovenian who saved his three dogs from being put down for attacking humans was himself mauled to death by them , police said Wednesday .
“ Three dogs bit their 52 - year - old owner to death in Ljubljana yesterday , ” police spokeswoman Maja Adlesic said .
Four years ago , the three bullmastiffs attacked and seriously injured a passer - by outside their owner ’s house .
They spent years in custody pending legal hearings , but when one of them attacked a dog handler , authorities ordered them to be put down .
Their owner , a doctor , succeeded last June in his legal appeals to get the dogs back , sparking a national controversy .
After his death , an opposition party said the agriculture minister should resign for failing to stop the dogs from being released .
The dogs attacked the man in his garden Tuesday , killing him before the police arrived .
All three dogs were put down following the attack .
Separately , some Congressional staff members expressed concern that Mr. Obama ’s meeting would simply prolong an already tortuous process .
And Democrats still face steep challenges in reconciling the differences between the House and Senate bills .
Some House Democrats are firmly opposed to a proposed tax on high - cost employer - sponsored insurance policies , which they think will hit some middle - class workers and violate Mr. Obama ’s campaign promise not to raise taxes on Americans earning less than $ 250,000 a year .
The president offered a number of questions that his party would have for the Republicans .
“ How do you guys want to lower costs ?
How do you guys intend to reform the insurance market so that people with pre-existing conditions , for example , can get health care ? ” he said .
“ How do you want to make sure that the 30 million people who do n’t have health insurance can get it ?
What are your ideas specifically ? ”
The question for Mr. Obama is how much  if at all  he is willing to give on some of the concepts Democrats have already agreed on , or if he is using the meeting to lay the groundwork for another effort by Democrats to push the legislation through without Republican votes .
Mr. Obama did not indicate what he was willing to give up in the negotiations , nor did he chart a specific legislative strategy for moving a bill through Congress .
Democrats in the House and Senate were hoping to resolve their differences in the bill , aides said , and present a unified health care plan in time for the meeting .
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , said in a statement that he welcomed the bipartisan meeting on health care and called on the president to begin the dialogue “ by shelving the current health spending bill . ”
“ The fact is Senate Republicans held hundreds of town halls and met with their constituents across the country last year on the need for health care reform , outlining ideas for the step - by - step approach that Americans have asked for , ” Mr. McConnell said .
“ And we know there are a number of issues with bipartisan support that we can start with when the 2,700 - page bill is put on the shelf . ”
Dozens of auto repair shops and service stations in New York City , Long Island and Westchester County faked the results of emissions tests , giving nearly 21,000 cars and light trucks passing grades , state environmental officials said Thursday .
Officials with the State Department of Environmental Conservation said they had issued citations to 40 of about 3,500 inspection sites in the region for granting inspection certificates for vehicles that were not tested .
To pass the annual state emissions inspection , a car or truck is connected to a machine that checks the vehicle ’s computerized emissions control system and sends the information to the State Department of Motor Vehicles .
But the repair shops and service stations that were cited attached the inspection equipment to an electronic device that simulated the test .
“ New York State does this program because we want clean air and because we need to comply with the federal Clean Air Act , ” said Steven E. Flint , a director with the Environmental Conservation Department ’s air resources division .
“ When people start cheating the system , ” Mr. Flint said , “ it deprives air quality of that benefit . ”
Math and the Musical Offering
g (t ) = f( 18 - t ) and Canon 1
Perhaps the most exotic canon in the collection is the first : Canon 1 , Cancrizans .
It is also the simplest .
Graphic © 1996 , Timothy A. Smith , used by permission .
``Cancrizans '' means ``crabwise '' , but in fact in this canon Voice 2 plays the score of Voice 1 backwards .
This is indicated in Bach 's cryptic presentation by the backwards signature at the end of the piece .
Voice 1 plays the ``royal theme '' itself ( 8.5 measures ) , followed by 9.5 measures of counterpoint .
This score is eighteen measures long .
For a function g defined on that interval to be ``backwards '' of f , we need g( 0 ) = f( 18 ) , g( 1 ) = f( 17 ) , etc .
This is achieved by defining
g (t ) = f( 18-t ) .
In this plot , as usual , f is the red graph and g is the blue , althoughin this case the operation is symmetric , and f runs g backwards also .
Usually in performance each player plays his or her score forwards and then backwards .
( If the instruments are different , this is not the same as running through the piece twice . )
This results in the pattern :
Back to the ``Math and the '' Main Page
Peter Williams
Ihumātao and how you could be paying for a deal done buy the current government .
Peter Williams talks to Winston Peters
The main use for edging is to keep weeds from growing beyond the barrier it creates .
There 's too much space between the bottles to stop weeds from seeding or rooting right through this .
You 'll even get pockets of dirt that allow weeds to grow in between and ON the edging .
It even lets light through to all the small cracks .
The secondary use for edging is so that you can take a edger to the edging and keep grass at an even height right up to the barriers separating a lawn from the garden or flowerbed .
Hit this with a weed - wacker , I dare you .
This is why I give the " Green " movement so much crap .
Not because I disagree with it , I just do n't want to be counted as part of a group that idealizes such idiocy .
People will say " that 's clever , innovative ... "
No !
They 're burying garbage in their yard .
They 're entitled to do so , I take no issue with that , but it 's not clever , it has n't reduced any waste , and it does n't serve a practical purpose .
If they had just thrown them in the garbage , they'd be shipped to a landfill , where they 'd still be half - buried in the ground , but at least the eyesore would hinder the property values of the houses around you .
If you want edging , try the conventional wood or stone .
They 're freely available , do the job better , it 's safer if you use an edger , and your home wo n't look like it 's inhabited by a bunch of tasteless lunatics .
Why is LH even featuring this ?
They put garbage in dirt , I 'm a little underwhelmed .
This is what happens when 350 pounds hits 1 inch of ice
Olivia Luccardi celebrated her 30th Birthday with a Great Depression themed Birthday Party at The Seneca in Ridgewood , Queens .
Introduction
This article shows how to create a watermark plugin which can be used on textboxes or text areas .
The watermark effect allows the developer to specify some brief instructive text inside the textbox without having to interfere with the use of the textbox .
For example , a search form will contain a textbox for the user to enter their search query ; you can use the watermark effect on the textbox so that it always displays ‘ Enter search query ’ unless the user has already entered something .
I have read several articles on how to achieve this watermark effect and thought it would be a good idea to take that approach and put it in reusable , portable jquery plugin .
Note :
This plugin requires jQuery 1.4x .
The plugin pattern
There are a few very scant , very simplified examples of how to author a jQuery plugin .
The most popular of which is this :
http://docs.jquery.com/Plugins/Authoring from the jQuery doc ’s site .
However , the examples there are too simplistic to apply to anything of real complexity in which most developers work in .
With a bit of hard work , I have learnt some techniques by reading the source code of Jörn Zaefferer ’s ( http://bassistance.de/) plugins .
In the field of jQuery , he is a master .
Options
This plugin will have two options , both with defaults .
They are :
waterClass – the name of the css class that will apply the visual effects .
The default is “ watermark ” .
( greyed text etc . )
valueAttribute – the attribute to read from the target field element .
That value of the attribute is used as the water mark text .
Title is the recommended default .
The foundation
We will start by laying out our script foundation on which to build our functionality on .
j Query ( function ( ) { jQuery.waterMark = { defaults : { waterClass : ' watermark ' , valueAttribute : ' title ' } } ; } ) ;
Appendix 1
What this object stores are defaults and these may be accessed by curious developers like so : jQuery.waterMark.defaults.waterClass .
Developers can easily override the defaults if they so desire .
Now , we shall define our initialisation method .
This is the method users will actual call to kick things off .
The first thing to do is cache the settings and apply any settings were passed in over the top of the defaults :
This is then followed by adding the jQuery .
waterMark definition .
jQuery.fn.extend({ waterMark : function ( settings ) { settings = jQuery.extend({} , jQuery.waterMark.defaults , settings ) ; return this .each ( function( i , item ) { jQuery.data( item , ' settings ' , settings ) ; } ) ; } } ) ;
Appendix 2
When a user calls our plugin ( e.g. : $ (‘#txt1’ ) .waterMark ( ) ) this is what is executed .
We call extend to extend a blank object with first the defaults and then what was passed to the plugin , overwriting the defaults if applicable .
If what was passed in is null , then the defaults stay unchanged .
Secondly , we call this .each .
In this case the keyword ‘ this ’ is pointing to whatever objects wherein the element set that waterM ark was called on ( ‘ # txt1 ’ – a single element in this example ) .
For each matched item we cache the settings in ‘ data ’ cache .
We then return this as it is recommended practice for all public plugin methods to return the matched element set so users can easily chain method calls .
( e.g. $ (‘#txt1’) .waterMark ( ) .hide ( ) ; )
We ’ll be adding to this loop soon but first we need to define our event handlers .
The events we are concerned with are the focus and blur events of the text fields and the submit event of the field ’s form .
But just before we do that ;
Accessing Settings
We ’ll add this handy settings method that allows us to simply and consistently access the field ’s settings :
function settings ( element ) { return element.data ( ' settings ' ) ; }
Appendix 3
The Events
function focus ( ) { var item = $ ( this ) ; if ( item.hasClass ( settings (item ) .waterClass ) ) { item.val ('' ) ; item.removeClass(settings(item).waterClass ) ; } }
Appendix 4
When our textbox receives focus , we check if the element currently has the water mark effect applied and if it does we reset the value of the field so the user can begin typing .
We also remove the css visual effect for the water mark .
function blur ( ) { var item = $ ( this ) ; if ( !item.val ( ) . length ) { item.addClass(settings(item).waterClass ) ; item.val(item.attr( settings(item).valueAttribute ) ) ; } }
Appendix 5
When the user shifts focus away from the textbox , we need to check if they have entered anything .
If they have , we do nothing , but if they have not , we need to turn the watermark visual effect back on and set the value of the field back to the water mark message text .
function submit ( ) { var item = $ ( this ) ; if ( item.val ( ) == item.attr( settings (item) .valueAttribute ) ) item.val ('' ) ; }
Appendix 6
Finally we need to handle what happens when the user submits the form .
Currently all our watermarked text fields have default values that we do not want to send back the server .
So , when the form submits we need to strip these defaults values out before the form sends the data to the server .
Wiring the events
Okay , let us attach our events now and handle the state of the textboxes when the plugin is first attached .
We need to modify the code in Appendix 2 .
We need to change each loop ( actually , technically speaking this is not a loop ) .
return this .each ( function( i , item ) { jQuery.data( item , ' settings ' , settings ) ; $ ( item.form ) .submit(jQuery.proxy ( submit , item ) ) ; item = j Query ( item ) ; if ( item.val ( ) . length && item.val ( ) != item.attr( settings.valueAttribute ) ) item.removeClass(settings.waterClass ) ; else { item.val( item.attr( settings.valueAttribute ) ) ; item.addClass(settings.waterClass ) ; } }).focus( focus ) .blur ( blur ) ;
We have just added quite a few lines now .
Let us go through them .
Firstly , we need to bind to the form ’s submit event .
To make things a bit simpler in the submit handler method , I do not want the this keyword to map to the form .
I want it to map to the specific form field in question .
This was pretty simple to do already but jQuery 1.4 has introduced the proxy method ( http://api.jquery.com/jQuery.proxy/) which allows you to specify what object the this keyword references in the target event handler method ( simply ) .
Next , our “ if ” statement checks what state the text field is currently in .
Does it already have a value ?
Does that value match the water mark text ?
Depending on the state the plugin will switch on the css style and set the value of the field to the water mark text , otherwise it will remove the style if it is already applied .
At the end of the each method call , we are chaining on another two event binding methods to catch the focus and blur events .
Using the plugin
Reference the plugin code either as an external script file or an inline script block .
A textbox could be defined like the following :
< input type =” text ” title = ” Type your text here ” id =” txt1 ″ name = ” txt1 ″ />
You then initialise it like this :
< script >$ ( function ( ) {$(‘#txt1′).waterMark ( ) ;} ) ;</ script >
Or if you wish , to specify the css class to use :
< script >$ ( function ( ) {$(‘#txt1′).waterMark({waterClass : ‘ customclass’} ) ;} ) ;</ script >
Which is very easy to implement .
I hope you found this article useful and thanks for reading it .
The full source code of our plugin can be found below :
An apocalyptic horse with glowing red eyes welcoming visitors ?
Check .
Nightmarish murals ?
Check .
Strange words and symbols embedded in the floor ?
Check .
Gargoyles sitting in suitcases ?
Check .
Runways shaped like a N - - i swastika ?
Check .
OK , this place is evil .
But seriously , there are so many irregularities surrounding the DIA , that a voluminous book could be written on the subject .
The facilities and the art displayed lead many observers to believe that the DIA is much more than an airport : it is literally a New - Age cathedral , full of occult symbolism and references to secret societies .
The art at the DIA is NOT an aggregation of odd choices made by people with poor taste , like many people think .
It is a cohesive collection of symbolic pieces that reflect the philosophy , the beliefs and the goals of the global elite .
The DIA is the largest airport in America and it has cost over 4.8 billion dollars .
Everything regarding this airport has been meticulously planned and everything is there for a reason .
The Airport
The airport facilities themselves raised a ton of questions regarding the true purpose of the mega- structure .
Numerous “ creative ” theories are floating around the DIA regarding underground military bases , aliens and / or reptilian creatures .
While I ’m aware that anything is possible , we will stick to the documented facts .
The airport was built in 1995 on 34,000 acres .
Its construction forced the Stapleton International airport to shut down , although it used more gates and runways than the DIA .
The initial cost of construction was 1.7 billion $ but the final project elevated the bill to 4.8 billion : 3.1 BILLION $ over budget .
Numerous irregularities have been reported regarding the construction of the site :
Different contractors have been hired for different parts of the airport .
They ’ve all been fired after their job was done .
This lead observers to believe that it was a strategy to make sure nobody had the full scope of the project .
110 million cubic yards of earth have been moved , way more than usually required .
This arose suspicion of construction taking place underground .
5300 miles of fiber optics were installed for communications ( USA coast to coast is 3000 miles in comparison ) .
Fueling system that can pump 1000 gallons of jet fuel per minute .
This amount is totally absurd for a commercial airport .
Granite imported from all over the world even if the project was already grossly over budget .
Construction of a huge tunnel system ( trucks can circulate in them ) and underground trains .
Most of those are n’t used at the moment .
Analysis of the data available makes me reach at least one conclusion : this gigantic structure will eventually become much more than a regular commercial airport .
It has the capacity to handle a huge amount of people and vehicles , leading observers to think that the structure might be used as a military base and others even add that it will be used as a civilian concentration camp in the near future .
I will not advance on this subject because I do not have proof of those claims .
I , however , would understand why such plans would be top secret .
Let ’s look at the soothing , traveler - friendly art on display at the DIA .
1- Horse of the Apocalypse
So this is what welcomes you when you enter the gates of hell … sorry , I meant the gates of the airport .
A 32 - foot high fiberglass stallion with veins popping out of its whole body and demonic eyes that glow red .
Nice .
I heard the children love it .
Interesting fact : the horse killed his creator , Luis Jimenez , while he was working on it .
A portion of the sculpture came loose and smashed him , causing fatal injuries .
His friends now say that the horse is cursed .
What does it represent ?
The 1st thing that came to mind when I saw this horrendous piece ( for an airport anyway ) is the Pale horse of the Apocalypse .
It is the fourth horse in the book of Revelation in the Bible and is appropriately called “ Death ” .
“ And I looked , and behold a pale horse ;
and his name that sat on him was
Death , and Hell followed with him .
And
power was given unto them over the
fourth part of the earth , to kill with
sword , and with hunger , and with
death , and with the beasts of the earth ” .
- Revelation 6:7-8
In other words , the horse “ Death ” brought killing with weapons , with hunger , and with disease .
That ’s pretty extreme a family airport , right ?
Does n’t seem like that horse should be there .
You will soon realize that it fits perfectly with the rest of the DIA .
By the way , this is one scary horse a--s !
2- Masonic Capstone
The stone is situated in the “ Great Hall ” of the airport ( the term that is also used by masons to refer to their meeting hall ) .
There are Masonic symbols on the stone and on the “ keypad ” which seems to be written in braille .
Notice on the capstone the mention “ New World Airport Commission ” .
This particular commission does not exist , so it most likely refers to the New World Order .
There is also a time capsule buried under the stone to be opened in 2094 .
The angled arm is very enigmatic seems to have a purpose other than being decorative .
Any insights on this ?
3- Prophetic Murals
Divided into four walls , the murals painted by Leo Tanguma are supposed to represent peace , harmony , and nature .
But I ’m not getting these messages at all .
When you analyze the symbolism of the murals , you realize that they tell a terrifying story of future events about to happen , as if it was some sort of prophecy .
There are specific social and political references and other occult details that basically turn those paintings into a New World Order manifesto .
Tanguma reportedly confirmed that he was given guidelines for the paintings and was paid 100 000 $ for the first ones .
He later denied he was given instructions and refuted any questions regarding hidden meanings in his paintings .
Previous Leo Tanguma murals were typical Chicano art , politically charged and community oriented .
However , his work at the DIA sends a totally different “ vibe ” , giving me the gut feeling that he simply drew someone else ’s vision .
Let ’s look at the paintings one by one :
A ) “ Peace and Harmony with Nature “
So the airport ’s official website says that the name of the mural is called “ Peace and Harmony with Nature ” .
Really ?
At the center of the piece , saddened children with extinct animal and plant species .
In the background , a forest on fire and further back , a city on fire .
An interesting fact about that city is that it has been retouched and painted over many times during the years as if it represents something important for the creators .
It seems surrounded by an ill colored haze as if it was attacked by a biochemical weapon .
One of the children holds a Mayan tablet depicting the end of civilization .
At the bottom , of this peaceful painting , we see three open - caskets containing dead girls from different cultures .
Left is a Black woman , center is a Native woman .
Why are they laying there with the other animals ?
Are we predicting the extinction of those races ?
We already know that the military has developed race - specific chemical weapons .
Here ’s what the Project for New American Century ( PNAC ) , a think tank that defines the foreign and defense policy of the US has to say about this :
“… the art of warfare … will be vastly different than it is today … “ combat ” likely will take place in new dimensions … advanced forms of biological warfare that can “ target ” specific genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of terror to a politically useful tool . ”
The girl on the right holds a Bible and a yellow “ Juden ” star used by the N - - i to identify Jews .
It seems to symbolize the death of Judeo - Christian beliefs .
The group at the origin of the imagery of this airport are definitively NOT Christian or Jewish .
Secret societies have their own belief system that is way too complex to explain here .
I can , however , tell you that caskets are an important part of Masonic symbolism as you can see in the next image depicting the main symbols of Freemasonry .
Tombs are also a big part of the Skull and Bones ’ rituals .
B ) Children of the World Dream of Peace
The 2nd mural is a two - part piece .
We read from left to right , so I will analyze it from left to right .
Children of all colors , dressed in folkloric costumes give weapons wrapped in their country ’s national flag to a… German boy ?
Huh ?
Yes , the Bavarian costume leaves no doubt .
The boy at the center of the image , holding the hammer and apparently building something is German .
Even the American kid ( dressed as a boy scout ) seems eager to give his weapons and flag to the German boy .
You ’re in the largest airport in America , in the middle of the USA , and this is the mural we display .
America joyfully submitting to Germany .
It ’s just too odd to compute .
This obviously represents countries of the world giving up their military might and their national identity for “ the common good ” .
Another reference to a New World order , with one government and one army .
But why is the German boy at the center of everything ?
There are so many allusions to Germany and Nazism in this airport , there is NO WAY it can be a coincidence .
I ca n’t help but think of “ Operation Paperclip “ , which brought prominent N - - i scientists and researchers to the USA after WWII .
Laying at the bottom of the mural is a broken figure holding a riffle ( representing war ) with two doves sitting on top of it ( representing peace ) .
Heartwarming .
Now follow the movement the of the rainbow that starts underneath that statue , going around the children and leading you to part II of the mural ( which has recently painted over )
Part 2
The monster has awakened !
This big and aggressive militaristic figure is dressed in a N - - i uniform ( notice the symbol on the hat ) with a face shaped like a gas mask .
His hands are holding a rifle and a scimitar that is rather violently molesting the peace - bearing dove .
On the left is depicted an endless lineup of crying parents holding their limp , dead baby .
This is a truly atrocious painting , with no redeeming message or moral .
The fact that this was displayed at the main gate of the largest airport in America , during the age of political correctness ( the nineties ) is totally aberrant .
The militaristic figure is glorified and all - powerful , situated at the center of the action .
It has regained its powers that it seemed to have lost after WWII .
It is back in full force and it ’s leading the way to a new holocaust .
Look closely at the people on the left and the dead children sleeping on bricks .
There is no traces of violence on them .
They ’re simply devoid of life as if they were poisoned by the deadly gas emanating from the rainbow above them .
The monster , protected by his gas mask , is pointing the lineup of victims towards the letter on the bottom left .
It is an actual letter written by a Hama Herchenberg , 14 years old , that died December 18 , 1943 , in Auschwitz Concentration camp ( as written at the bottom of the letter ) .
A little disturbing is n’t it .
Auschwitz was infamous for its use of toxic gas .
The camp commandant , Rudolf Höß , testified at the Nuremberg Trials that up to 3 million people had died at Auschwitz , about 90 percent of whom were Jews .
Most victims were killed in Auschwitz II ’s gas chambers using Zyklon B
( source : Wikipedia ) .
The presence of a colorful rainbow and a teddy bear in this image , symbols our minds instantly associate with youth and innocence , is totally sickening and twisted .
One last thing about the scimitar : it is a symbol often used in Masonic imagery :
C ) Peace and Harmony with Nature
What do you do when you ’ve killed most of the world population with toxic gas ?
You celebrate around a genetically - modified - glowing plant of course !
Happy people from all over the world irresistibly heading towards that plant , some are almost flying towards it .
Right above this plant ( that does n’t exist in real life ) is a Jesus - like figure but is definitively not Jesus .
All of the extinct species of the 1st mural are all back in action and you even see a little dove appearing in the plant .
How nice .
They feel so much better now that there are much fewer people on earth now .
The animals are happy too and they thank you for dying .
People can now use high levels of scientific knowledge to live in a state of synthesized happiness provided by genetically modified plants .
Good for them .
The whales are jumping in the air , high - fiving humans .
If you look closely at the baby tigers , they have faces of human children .
It is quite bizarre .
This whole piece reeks of genetic modification and magick .
To sum up , those murals clearly depicted admitted goals you can read in documents calling for a New World Order :
Massive depopulation of the earth
Death of Judeo - Christian beliefs
One World government
Restoration of nature
If you ’ve read my piece about the Georgia Guidestones , you might notice that the themes are strikingly similar .
Coincidence ?
The Georgia Guidestones also feature a capstone with a time capsule buried under it .
There is no “ conspiracy theory ” here , those are facts .
Everything is written in stone for you to see .
The elites own this place and they build monuments to celebrate their culture .
Their “ divine knowledge ” is however inaccessible to you unless you ’re a high ranking member .
There is so much to interpret in those murals that I ’m convinced I ’ve missed a lot of details ( colors , shapes , movement , symbols ) .
3- The Swastika Runway
After seeing all of the allusions to N-- i Germany , would you be surprised if the runways were shaped like a swastika ?
Here ’s an aerial view of the runways and below is how the runways appear in Google Maps .
Draw your own conclusions .
I highly doubt that the guy who drew the runways did not notice their odd shape .
I mean , someone in the process of drawing and / or building had to say “ Wait a minute , this kinda looks like that N - - i symbol !
We should maybe change it !
We do n’t want our new 4,1 G $ airport to be offensive or anything ” .
But that did not happen for some reason .
4- Other weirdness
Like I ’ve said before , a book could be written on the DIA , so I ’ll leave you with unsorted oddities you can see at the DIA .
Gargoyles
The symbolism of gargoyles has always been a mystery .
Nobody can really explain the reason for their presence , specifically on religious buildings .
Are they remnants of past pagan beliefs that never went away ?
Do they represent something only “ illuminated ” people know about ?
“ What are these fantastic monsters doing in the cloisters under the very eyes of the brothers as they read ?
What is the meaning of these unclean monkeys , strange savage lions and monsters ?
To what purpose are here placed these creatures , half beast , half man ?
- St Bernard of Clairvaux , 12th century
The floor
These photos are a strange set of symbols that run on the floor from the south end of The Great Hall on Level 5 and progress to the north end of The Great Hall .
Note the black disk which is occulting the sun .
There is no mistaking the architecture in the floor as depicting the sun , and the black disk is beginning to eclipse it .
When we arrive at the north end of The Great Hall , there is a statue of Jeppesen which is covering the sun .
Is it a reference to the black sun , as revered by the Nazis ?
????
Is it supposed to be “ native ” art representing mother earth ?
It looks like an alien “ sprinkling ” life on earth .
What ’s with the little faces at the top of the painting ?
Are they alien watching us from space ?
I do n’t know , I ca n’t find any information about this piece .
It makes me think of crop circles for some reason .
In Conclusion
The Denver International Airport is a massive building complex with massive traffic .
While the art on display in these kinds of sites is usually crowd - pleasing , the DIA has been weirding out travelers for years .
Who wants to see a painting of a gas - masked tyrant killing babies right before boarding a flight ?
As it is often the case in occult - elite structures , the symbolism we see above ground only hints to what actually happens underground .
Literally .
The curtain has come down on what can best be described as a brief un -American moment in our history .
That moment began in the fall of 2008 , with the great financial panic , and gave rise to the Barack Obama phenomenon .
The nation 's faith in institutions and time - honored ways had cracked .
In a little - known senator from Illinois millions of Americans came to see a savior who would deliver the nation out of its troubles .
Gone was the empiricism in political life that had marked the American temper in ...
Update :
The discredited scientific paper in 1998 linking the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine with autism has been retracted by The Lancet ( pdf ) .
The journal cited falsehoods in the paper exposed by the UK General Medical Council following a lengthy investigation of the lead author , Andrew Wakefield , then of London ’s Royal Free Hospital , and two of his co-authors .
Twelve years after his now discredited claim in The Lancet that injections of the MMR vaccine against measles , mumps and rubella might cause autism and bowel disorders in children , Andrew Wakefield is closer than ever to being banned from practising as a doctor .
Publication of his claims panicked parents into abandoning the shots , which had peaked in uptake at 92 per cent of UK children in 1995 , falling to a trough of just 81 per cent in 2004 .
A panel appointed by the UK General Medical Council – which regulates and monitors British doctors – concluded today that there ’s now no factual impediment to Wakefield and two of the co-authors on his paper facing charges of professional misconduct .
Advertisement
Professional failings
This was not about rebutting , once again , the autism claims .
The panel made it clear that its report was not an exploration of whether the link existed or not .
Rather , “ it has concerned itself exclusively with the conduct , duties and responsibilities of each doctor ” , it says .
In other words , it investigated the facts of whether Wakefield and his colleagues failed to uphold their professional duties to patients .
That said , the findings are damning , and look like they could spell the end for the three .
Reached after 148 days of hearings spread over two - and - a - half years , they mean that Wakefield , a practitioner at the Royal Free Hospital in London when his infamous paper appeared , will learn whether he ’ll be struck off following hearings starting 7 April that will decide his fate .
So too will two co-authors of the paper who were also at the Royal Free at the time : John Walker - Smith and Simon Murch .
Painstakingly laid out in a 143 - page document , the GMC panel ’s findings are strewn with the words “ dishonest ” , “ irresponsible ” and “ misleading ” .
The panel resurrected and upheld most , if not all , of the main charges against Wakefield , such as his undeclared conflict of interest in having filed a patent relating to treatments for bowel conditions a year before his Lancet study appeared .
“ The panel therefore rejects the proposition put forward by your [ Wakefield ’s ] counsel that third - party perceived conflicts of interest did not fall within the relevant definition at the time , ” it concludes .
The Lancet itself said in 2004 that in hindsight it should n’t have published the paper , following publication of a retraction by 10 co-authors on the paper .
£ 5 for blood
The GMC panel also affirmed irregularities in the way Wakefield recruited and managed the 12 children involved in the study .
At least four of the 12 lacked the history of gastrointestinal symptoms and so did not constitute the “ routine referrals to the gastroenterology department ” that had been stated in the paper .
“ The panel concluded that your description of the referral process as ‘ routine ’ , when it was not , was irresponsible and misleading and contrary to your duty as a senior author , ” it says .
“ The panel is satisfied that your conduct in this regard was dishonest and irresponsible . ”
On another occasion , at his own son ’s birthday party in 1999 , he took blood from children who were there as guests and paid them each £ 5 for agreeing to this .
He was accused by the panel of showing “ callous disregard for the distress and pain that you knew , or ought to have known , the children would suffer . ”
And so it goes on , for page after page .
There ’s no doubt that a minority of parents continue to believe there was something in what Wakefield reported , despite scores of scientific studies clearing the vaccine of any link with autism .
One showed that autism was still on the rise even in children who ’d never received the vaccine because it had been withdrawn .
Wakefield supporters outside the GMC ’s headquarters in London claimed he ’d been made a scapegoat by the medical profession .
Nor will the findings dampen concerns in the US that thimerosal , a mercury - based preservative added to vaccines , causes autism .
The US government fuelled the allegations in 2008 by agreeing compensation for some parents who claimed vaccines had damaged their children , although a US court last year ruled once again that there was no link with autism .
The fate of Wakefield will be decided in April .
Meanwhile in the UK the uptake of the vaccine has recovered to 85 per cent .
Not exactly the 95 per cent the government wants , but it is slowly getting there .
December 3rd is internationally recognized as the Day for Disabled Persons and NPFS Haiti special needs programs , Kay Germaine and Kay Eliane celebrated in style !
After weeks of preparation , all 65 children and their families were invited to a prayer service and talent show put on by some of the students .
Dressed in their Sunday best , all in attendance filed into the Kay Germaine school which was festively decorated with crate paper , balloons , and flowers .
After a lovely introduction by Gena Heraty , the director of the programs , and principle Yolene Etienne , Phadoul Amisial , St. Damien human resources representative lead the group in a prayer service honoring the children and all disabled people of Haiti .
Then teacher by day , master of ceremony by night Marie Carmel Dezil , kept the crowd ’s attention as she introduced the acts .
The children wowed the crowd with poetry , dancing , singing , and educational skits then all joined together for a dance party .
Afterward , much to the children ’s delight , the teaching staff handed out Christmas presents then everyone joined together for mid-day feast .
Many children in Haiti who are born with physical or mental disabilities are either abandoned or spend their days locked in a room because their families simply do not have the resources to care for them .
Alternatively , some of the children are also subject to harmful physical “ treatments ” meant to cure them of their disorders .
Kay Germaine and Kay Eliane offer the children and their families education , physical therapy , and a hot meal in addition to a sense of dignity .
This pride was evident on every child ’s and every parent ’s face throughout the program on Thursday morning .
We are so happy at NPFS Haiti that with the expansion of our programs in 2008 , we have been able to reach so many more children in 2009 to help them find their place in a productive society !
The video above was lovingly compiled by Molly Hightower , a volunteer from Port Orchard Washington who works with the children in Kay Germaine and Kay Eliane and shows just a small piece of the joy felt by all children at the party .
When you plant a garden , you need good dirt , seeds , water , and some kind of fertilizer , whether it be manure , compost , mulch , or granules you buy from your local nursery .
Anyone who ’s gardened for more than a few years knows that it ’s good to fertilize your garden every so often because , eventually , the garden plants stop growing as well as they used to .
This happens because the plants slowly consume nutrients in the soil that need to be replaced by some form of fertilizer .
The same basic thing happens with cultivated crops regardless of whether they ’re grown in fields or greenhouses – eventually , the soil nutrients are depleted and need to be replenished .
Unlike gardens and crops , wild plants lack human caretakers providing fertilizer .
Wild plants have to scrounge for their soil nutrients wherever and however they can get them , and it is often the case that soil nutrients , especially nitrogen , phosphorus , and potassium , limit how fast forests , grasslands , etc. can grow .
A paper in the journal Geophysical Research Letters shows that the availability of soil nutrients will probably limit how much human - emitted carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) plants can absorb .
This limit will prevent plants from absorbing as much CO 2 as climate scientists have modeled , and so global warming will likely be worse than current projections .
Even though the bulk of the atmosphere is nitrogen , plants are not able to make use of that nitrogen directly .
Instead , most plants rely on bacteria known as “ nitrogen fixing ” bacteria to convert nitrogen in the air into the nitrite and nitrate that plants then use to grow .
Nitrogen - fixing plants such as peanuts , soybeans , and alfalfa form symbiotic relationships with nitrogen fixing bacteria , and it ’s this relationship that is the reason farmers rotate crops like corn with soybeans – the corn uses the nitrogen in the soil while the soybeans put at least some if the nitrogen back .
According to the paper , most nitrogen fixing occurs in the tropics ( defined by the GRL paper as between 30 °N and 30 °S latitude , roughly between New Orleans in and the country of Uruguay in South America ) , where temperatures are nearly optimal for nitrogen fixing bacteria .
Areas outside of the tropics produce about 1/10th of the fixed nitrogen that is produced in the tropics , largely because of cooler temperatures .
As anthropogenic CO 2 emissions drive up global mean temperature , the paper projects that nitrogen fixing outside the tropics will rise , but the increase will be more than offset by a reduction of nitrogen fixing in the tropics .
As a result , the total amount of available soil nitrogen will drop as a result of anthropogenic CO 2 emissions .
Without increasing the amount of fixed nitrogen in the soil , plants will not be able to convert the anthropogenic CO 2 into growth .
As a result , recent estimates of CO 2 absorption are too high .
The paper estimates that insufficient soil nitrogen will lead to between 16 and 149 Gigatons of unabsorbed carbon ( GtC ) by 2050 under best case model parameters .
The worst - case parameters produce between 158 and 253 GtC unabsorbed carbon by 2050 .
A couple of different climate research groups have tried to determine how much CO 2 human activity can emit into the atmosphere without exceeding 2° C temperature rise by 2100 .
Their “ carbon budget ” is no more than 750 or 1000 GtC by 2050 .
However , these budgets do not appear to include the likely reduced absorption by plants globally .
If CO 2 absorption by plants is too high by as much as the GRL paper suggests , then it will be even more difficult to stay below the projected danger threshold of 2° C warming .
In fact , if emissions grow at an annual rate of approximately 2.4 % ( 2.4 % is the average global growth from 2004 to 2008 as calculated from the Energy Information Administration ) , then human activity will emit 750 GtC by 2029 and 1000 GtC by 2035 .
Removing about 250 GtC from the carbon budget means that human activity exceeds its budget approximately five years earler , 2024 and 2030 respectively .
The paper ’s authors also estimate the warming potential of the unabsorbed anthropogenic CO 2 .
The authors estimate that global warming will increase between 0.38 and 0.72 C by 2050 over the approximately 1.0 - 1.5° C warming estimated by the IPCC AR4 WG1 , Chapter 10 .
Put another way , the warming could be between 40 % and 50 % greater than currently estimated by climate models , depending on what model scenario is used for comparison .
Right now , CO 2 are greater than the high emissions case ( A2 ) model from the IPCC AR4 .
This paper shows that plants are not just going to grow because of an abundance of CO 2 like some people claim .
In fact , the claim that CO 2 is “ plant food ” is based on greenhouse farmers who increase CO 2 concentrations in their greenhouses in order to grow larger crops .
But greenhouse farmers do n’t just add CO 2 – they also fertilize their crops with abundant soil nutrients like nitrogen .
And as this paper shows , nitrogen - limited natural ecosystems will not respond to elevated CO 2 in the same way that nitrogen - rich greenhouses do .
Thanks to Dr. Ying - Ping
Wang of CSIRO for the providing me a copy of his paper for this post .
Image credits :
vivergreen.com
Thank you for visiting My Dog Supplies - your ultimate shopping destination for premium quality , affordable dog kennels , dog beds and dog supplies .
We take special pride in offering our customers top quality dog houses at the lowest price guaranteed .
Browse our selection of unique dog kennels , classic dog kennels and other essentials such as dog bed and mats .
If you are looking within a budget , we offer cheap dog kennels and dog beds at a price that both you and your dog can get just exactly what you want at a price that can not be beaten .
Our team would like to wish you an endless joy and love with your new dog .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The shooting rampage at a U.S. Army base in November was “ an act of terrorism , ” an Obama administration official said on Friday , as the Pentagon ordered an overhaul of protocols to spot threats within the military .
Reviews ordered on Friday by the Pentagon and White House exposed shortcomings in both intelligence and oversight before the November 5 shooting , which authorities blame on a military psychiatrist .
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said his department was still “ burdened by 20th century processes and attitudes mostly rooted in the Cold War , ” and needed to do more to combat self - radicalization .
“ Our counterintelligence procedures are mostly designed to combat an external threat such as a foreign intelligence service , ” Gates told reporters at the Pentagon , adding there was not enough focus “ on internal threats . ”
Major Nidal Malik Hasan faces 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted premeditated murder for the rampage at Fort Hood Army base in Texas .
The case has drawn criticism after it became known Hasan had been in contact with a Muslim figure sympathetic to al Qaeda .
A senior official in President Barack Obama ’s administration declined to say whether Hasan might have been taking orders from abroad but did call the shooting “ an act of terrorism . ”
It was a rare use of the phrase by an administration official to describe the Fort Hood killing spree .
“ It certainly in my mind was an act of terrorism as far as the tactic that was used , ” the official , who declined to be named , told reporters .
“ But we are still acquiring knowledge about different people involved , and whether or not there was any type of direction , control , inspiration that led to the events on that day , ” the official said .
The Pentagon review did not delve into the accusations against Hasan , issues being raised in a separate criminal investigation .
Gates declined to comment on whether he thought it was a terrorist act on Friday , citing the criminal case .
SPYING ON MOSQUES ?
How exactly the military aim to spot self - radicalization among U.S. forces -- the kind U.S. officials believe preceded the shooting -- remains an open question .
Authors of the Pentagon - ordered review who recommended greater attention to any internal threat within the military ruled out sending spies into mosques , for example .
“ Do we want commanders ( eavesdropping ) in the mosque ?
No .
Do we want anybody there ?
No , ” said Togo West , a former Army secretary who helped lead the review for the Pentagon .
“ What we want is commanders ’ awareness of what ’s happening in their units and what ’s happening with their people . ”
A White House review called for greater information - sharing between U.S. government agencies .
Gates said he forwarded to the Army recommendations that some Army personnel responsible for supervising Hasan be held accountable .
Hasan was paralyzed by gunshots used to subdue him .
He is being held at a military hospital in Texas and could face the death penalty .
The Hasan case is one of two major lapses acknowledged by U.S. authorities in recent months .
Earlier this month , U.S. President Barack Obama outlined new steps aimed at plugging security gaps exposed by a December 25 bomb plot , in which a Nigerian man allegedly came close to blowing up a Detroit - bound flight from Amsterdam .
The U.S. intelligence community came under fierce criticism for failing to piece together information it had , which could have uncovered the plot .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A seven - year - old dog in Austria called Betsy has amazed scientists by being able to recognise more than 340 words .
Most dogs can recognise about 15 commands .
Betsy 's skills were recorded as part of the BBC 's science programme Horizon .
It examined the increase in scientific investigations into canines , their unique relationships with people , and how they are helping to identify the causes of some human diseases .
Horizon : The Secret Life of The Dog is broadcast on Wednesday , 6 January at 2100 GMT and can be seen afterwards at the Horizon website
On Thursday Chris Johnston announced the upcoming Ubuntu User Day .
From the announcement ( emphasis is copied from pleia2 ) :
The Ubuntu User Days Team would like to announce the first Ubuntu User Day , on January 23 , 2010 .
This will be a very informative one day session geared towards beginner and intermediate Ubuntu users , as well as people who are interested in using Ubuntu .
We have 14 classes covering topics ranging from installing Ubuntu , finding help , equivalent programs , using IRC , getting involved in the Ubuntu Community and more .
We have enlisted the help of many talented people to lead these classes throughout the day .
These classes will be taught in #ubuntu - classroom with questions being asked in #ubuntu- classroom - chat on irc.freenode.net .
Please visit http://wiki.ubuntu.com/UserDays for a complete class list and schedule of classes .
There is also a Spanish version of Ubuntu User Days being offered on January , 23 , 2010 .
Please visit Día Del Usuario Ubuntu at https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DiaDelUsuarioUbuntu for more information on the Spanish Ubuntu User Day !
The classes will begin at 12:00 UTC and end at 3:00 AM ( Sun ) UTC
Users can connect to IRC from Empathy , Pidgin , Web interface , or X - chat .
Empathy is available as default in Ubuntu Karmic , and Pidgin and X - chat are available from the repositories .
Remember to join both #ubuntu - classroom and #ubuntu - classroom - chat , and remember to preface any question with “ QUESTION : What is blah blah blah ? ”
Lernid is available via PPA and after Jono did a demo session , the interest is pretty high .
Nathan Handler and I have worked to get the Lernid schedule submitted so it is possible to use Lernid to participate in this User Day , but we will not be fashioning our classes for Lernid ( sorry , no slides ) because we feel adding PPAs is something beyond a normal user .
I had a great time so far working with some great folks like Chris Johnston , Elizabeth Krumbach , Mark Cox , Nathan Handler , and Penelope Stowe in this project .
Initially , I helped Chris recruit ( read “ strong arm ” 😉 ) several volunteers from the Beginners Team and brainstorm for topics for people to teach .
Two people from my LoCo even volunteered to teach .
I myself will be leading a session on “ Using Launchpad ” from a user standpoint at 1700 UTC .
Its going to be a great day and I ’m looking forward to it .
It ’s been a real delight to work on this project with all these fantastic folks and to see all these teams come together for our first Ubuntu User Day .
So join us on Saturday , January 23rd to share with us the fruits of our labors !
Webapps on App Engine , part 4 : Templating
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under python , coding , app - engine , tech , framework
This is part of a series on writing a webapp framework for App Engine Python .
For details , see the introductory post here .
In the first three posts of this series , we covered all the components of a bare bones webapp framework : routing , request / response encoding , and request handlers .
Most people expect a lot more out of their web framework , however .
Individual frameworks take different approaches to this , from the minimalist webapp framework , which provides the bare minimum plus some integration with other tools , to the all - inclusive django , to the ' best of breed '
Pylons , which focuses on including and integrating the best libraries for each task , rather than writing their own .
For our framework , we 're going to take an approach somewhere between webapp's and Pylons ' :
While keeping our framework minimal and modular , we 'll look at the best options to use for other components - specifically , templating and session handling .
In this post , we 'll discuss templating .
To anyone new to webapps , templates may seem somewhat unnecessary .
We can simply generate the output direct from our code , right ?
Many CGI scripting languages used this approach , and the results are often messy .
Sometimes , which page to be generated is n't clear until after a significant amount of processing has been done , and dealing with errors and other exceptional conditions likewise becomes problematic .
Finally , this approach tends to lead to gobs of print statements cluttering up the code , making both the structure of the page and the flow of the code unclear .
Templating systems were designed to eliminate these issues .
Instead of generating the page as we process the request , we wait until we 're done , construct a dictionary of variables to pass to the template , and select and render the template we need .
The templating system then takes care of interpreting the template , substituting in the variables we passed where necessary .
Templating does n't have to be complicated - here 's a simple templating system :
def render_template ( template , values ) : return template % values # Example template = " " " Hello , %( name ) s !
How are you this %( time_of_day ) s ? " " " self.response.body = render_template ( template , values )
This ' templating system ' simply uses Python 's string formatting functionality to generate its result .
It quickly becomes apparrent that this is n't sufficient for templating web pages , though - we need more functionality .
At a minimum , we need some form of flow control , so we can include sections of a page conditionally , such as login / logout links , and some form of looping construct , so we can include repeated sections , such as results from datastore queries .
It helps if our templating system provides some features for template reuse , too , such as including other templates , or extending them .
How powerful should our templates be , though ?
This is a source of some disagreement .
Some templating systems , like Django's , take a very minimalist approach , and contain only the bare minimum of functionality required to render templates .
Any form of calculation - even things as simple as basic math and comparisons - should be done in code , with the results passed to the template .
Other templating systems , like Mako , provide a much more full - featured templating language , and trust you not to abuse it .
Here 's what sample templates look like in a few templating languages :
{ % extends " base_generic.html " %} { % block title % }{{ section .
title }}{ % endblock %} { % block content %} < h1 > {{ section .
title }}</h1 > { % for story in story_list %} < h2 > < a href= " {{ story.get_absolute_url }} " > {{ story.headline|upper }} </a> </h2 > < p >{{ story.tease|truncatewords :" 100 " }}</p> { % endfor %} { % endblock %}
You 're probably already familiar with Django 's template syntax from previous posts .
Because it 's included with App Engine , it 's often the easy default .
As we 've already mentioned , it 's very restrictive about what you can do :
It provides a few primitives , and relies on an extensible library of tags and filters ( the bits after the | in {{ ... }} ) to make it useful .
<%inherit file = " base.html " /> < % rows = [ [ v for v in range ( 0,10 ) ] for row in range ( 0,10 ) ] %> < table > % for row in rows : $ {makerow ( row ) } % endfor </table > < % def name = " makerow ( row ) " > < tr > % for name in row : < td >$ {name} </td > \ % endfor </tr > </%def >
Mako is another popular templating engine , and takes the opposite approach to Django : Templates are created by inserting actual Python code , inside special processing directives of the form <% .. %>.
It even goes so far as to permit and encourage defining functions inside templates !
Mako works around Python 's use of indentation for control flow by defining new keywords such as ' endfor ' .
< html > < head >< title > $ title </ title ></head > < body > < table > # for $ client in $ clients < tr > < td>$client.surname , $ client.firstname</td > < td >< a href= " mailto:$client.email " >$client.email</a></td> </tr> #end for </ table > </ body > </html >
Cheetah is another templating system that takes the " we provide the gun , you point it at your foot " approach .
It 's similar to Mako in many ways , but does n't require variable substitutions to be embedded in curly braces , and instead of using processing directives , it treats lines starting with a # as Python code .
It also uses special directives such as ' end for ' for nesting .
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN " > < html lang= " en " > < html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " > < head > { % block head %} < link rel= " stylesheet " href=" style.css " /> < title >{ % block title %}{ % endblock %} - My Webpage < / title > { % endblock %} </ head > < body > < div id =" content " >{ % block content % }{ % endblock %}</div > < div id =" footer " > { % block footer %} © Copyright 2008 by < a href = " http://domain.invalid/ "
>you </a>. { % endblock %} </div > </ body >
Jinja2 claims to have " Django - like syntax ( but faster ) " .
Notably , the syntactic elements for loops , control flow , etc , are a lot more Python - like , but they 're still limited to what the language supports , and it still relies on specially defined tests , filters , etc .
< html > < body > < h1 >$ {title} </h1 > < table > <? py i = 0 ?> <? py for item in items : ?> <? py i += 1 ?> <? py color = i % 2 == 0 and ' # FFCCCC ' or '# CCCCFF ' ?> < tr bgcolor= " #{color} " >
< td>#{i}</td > < td> $ {item}</td > </tr > <? py #endfor ?> </table > </ body > </html >
Tenjin claims to be the fastest Python templating framework - and it has benchmarks ( although not exhaustive ones ) to back it up .
It takes the general approach , with Python expressions and statements embedded directly into the markup .
Notably , indentation of the Python statements maters , producing a somewhat confused mix of markup and Python code .
< table border= " 1 " > < tr tal : repeat = " row range ( 10 ) " > < td tal : repeat=" column range ( 10 ) " > < span tal : define= " x repeat.row.number ; y repeat.column.number ; z x * y " tal : replace = " string : $x * $y = $ z " > 1 * 1 = 1</span > </td > </tr > </table >
Chameleon is based on the Zope Page Templates specification , which takes an interesting approach .
Chameleon templates are valid XML documents , unlike many templating engines , and it uses namespaces for attributes and tags to define the template behaviour .
For example , the " tal: repeat " tag indicates that the tag it's on and all its children should be repeated for each value in the Python iterator passed as an argument .
tal : replace replaces an element with the value of the expression , while other expressions permit setting attributes and replacing body content , and a ' meta ' namespace handles operations such as including other templates .
Chameleon extends the Zope standard in several ways : expressions can be arbitrary Python expressions , and values can be substituted using a $ {...} syntax in addition to the XML syntax , which avoids a lot of boilerplate in some situations .
Chameleon templates are compiled to Python code on first use - so you 're not doing XML DOM manipulation on every template generation .
Chameleon recently got App Engine support when the author refactored out some code that relied on modules not available in App Engine .
I have n't mentioned all Python 's templating systems here , by a long shot - this is merely a representative sample .
For a more complete list , see this page .
Our framework
Examining the different templating engines leads to an interesting observation :
Those templating engines that take the Django approach of " only what 's necessary " tend to , of necessity , be a lot larger and more involved - and hence have a steeper learning curve - than those that allow you to leverage your Python knowledge in some fashion .
For that reason and others , I 'm not a big fan of them - I 'd rather provide someone with a powerful but lightweight system , and trust them not to shoot themselves in the foot , than use a more complicated system designed to make foot - shooting an impossibility .
With that consideration and others in mind , we 'll look at what is required to use Chameleon in our framework .
Using Chameleon
Installation is straightforward : Download the tarball from the PyPi page , and copy the Chameleon - 1.1.1/ src / chameleon directory into a directory on the system path ( eg , your app 's root folder ) .
To use Chameleon , we first define a template loader :
from chameleon.zpt import loader template_path = os.path.join(os.path.dirname( __file__ ) , " .. " , " templates " ) template_loader = loader .
TemplateLoader( template_path , auto_reload=os.environ [ ' SERVER_SOFTWARE '].startswith ( ' Dev' ) )
Template loaders serve to cache loaded and compiled templates , which is essential for performance .
As such , it makes sense to define our loader once at module level , and use it for all requests .
To render a template , we fetch a template from the loader , then call it with keyword arguments corresponding to the parameters we want to pass to the template :
def TestHandler ( RequestHandler ) : def get ( self ) : template = template_loader.load ( " test.pt " ) self.response.body = template ( name = " test " )
In terms of integrating templates into our framework , there 's not a great deal we can do without locking users of our framework into using our preferred templating system .
You can bundle the templating system with the framework , and even make it create a loader when it 's first used .
The approach you take depends on where you want to be on the flexibility / ease - of - use axis .
In the next post , we 'll discuss session handling , the options available on App Engine , and how to integrate it into our framework .
Disqus
University of Florida urologists have used robot - assisted surgery to cut about 20 minutes off average surgery time for conventional vasectomy reversal using a microscope .
Sperm count after surgery is comparable over a year for the two procedures , but the robotic procedure appears to result in a quicker return of sperm count .
" For a couple that 's trying to get pregnant , this is a big deal , " said Sijo Parekattil , M.D. , director of male infertility and microsurgery at UF , who led the study .
The findings , now online and to appear in an upcoming print edition of the Journal of Endourology , represent the first head - to - head comparison of robot - assisted vasectomy reversal and the microscope procedure that is widely used .
Many types of surgery are now being aided by robots , and surgeons continue to explore new areas in which they can be used .
" This is state - of - the - art stuff , it 's cutting - edge , and a stepping stone to understanding whether or not we can use this technology on a more widespread basis , " said Wayne Kuang , M.D. , director of Male Reproductive Health at University of New Mexico , who was not involved in the study .
" It 's a natural progression from back in the days when we just had magnified eyeglasses . "
But robotic vasectomy reversal is not without controversy among specialists who say that using an expensive robot to do something that is already done well simply with a microscope is a waste of resources .
Most patients pay out of pocket for vasectomy reversal .
The robot - assisted procedure can cost more than $ 3,000 more than the microscope method .
" The big question is did it improve outcomes -- either pregnancy rates or the time spent in surgery ? " said professor Jay Sandlow , M.D. , vice chair of the department of urology at Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee , who initially had reservations about the robotic procedure but after seeing the preliminary results now says he sees value in the method .
" It certainly looks as if he has done that , " said Sandlow , who was not involved in the study .
" He has shown a meaningful decrease in the amount of time it takes to do these robotically compared to the open procedure . "
Since many hospital fees are based on time , cutting operating time might offset some of the extra charges associated with the use of the robot .
Parekattil , who has the rare combination of being fellowship trained in both infertility microsurgery and robotics , suspects that the time reduction happens because the robot allows for more efficient use of instruments with the use of multiple arms and tools simultaneously .
It is too soon to tell whether pregnancy rates have improved since the mid-2009 conclusion of the one - year study in which 20 men had the robotic procedure and seven had the microscopic one .
But two months after surgery , average sperm count in the robotic surgery group was 54 million , compared with 11 million in the microscopic surgery group .
Early results show that the difference in sperm count between the two procedures decreases over time , however .
Another potential advantage of the robotic procedure is less discomfort for some surgeons who would otherwise stand or sit with their backs bent for extended periods over a microscope .
The robotic procedure has its limitations .
Kuang believes that surgical results of the robot - assisted procedure will prove equivalent to the microscopic method , but might not be as useful for a more complicated reversal that involves clearing a secondary blockage that develops close to the testicles .
That 's because in that case the surgeon has to hold the sperm tube during surgery .
That is difficult to do robotically because a keen sense of pressure is needed in order to avoid crushing the microscopic tubes involved .
But Parekattil has developed techniques to stabilize such small tubules while using the robot .
Despite the study 's small sample size , physicians say it is promising , and requires more evaluation and longer follow - up of patients to yield more widely applicable results .
" I do n't think there 's going to be a huge change in practice , " Sandlow said .
" But in academia part of what we do is try to push the envelope and try to see what works and what does n't -- and it's through studies like this that we answer those questions . "
###
Normally I try to chew on an idea for a post for a few days ; it lets me sort out my thoughts and form some kind of thesis .
I ’m totally not doing this here , though , so I should preface this with a note that I could be completely off - base .
But I do n’t think so .
Discussion about how we interact with computers heated up recently with the introduction of the iPad .
Lots of nerdy types ( myself included ) were frustrated that Apple had introduced not a tablet “ computer , ” but a big iPod Touch .
They ’re both computers , of course , but the way we interact with them is different : the modern computer interface uses a multitasking windowing motif , and the iPod / iPad interface is fullscreen and single - task focused .
As a Nerdy Power User , I am well - versed in how to navigate a multitasking interface , and for the most part I understand how and why it works the way it does .
I , in fact , enjoy learning about the intricacies of these kinds of systems .
So when I use a single - task interface like that of the iPod Touch , I frequently bash my noggin against the barriers it imposes .
Copying a URL from the web browser to my Twitter client takes orders of magnitude longer than it would on OS X or Windows , for example .
What I ’ve learned from interacting with most computer users , though , is that they do not give a rat ’s ass about how computers work .
They want to accomplish certain tasks , and will do this in the way that is most sensible and direct for them .
And the way they end up accomplishing these tasks within the multitasking window motif is typically not the way I would do it .
The recent fiasco on ReadWriteWeb , where a RWW article became the first Google result for “ facebook login , ” is a classic example of this .
And , unfortunately , so is the reaction of most Learned Computer Fellows : one of mockery and derision , admonishing the confused users for being stupid , incompetent , or lazy .
I ’ll admit that I took some glee when I first saw the numerous comments on the article ; I love a humorous clusterfuck as much as the next guy .
But seeing some of the reactions by the Very Smart Computer People , I began to realize that We Are Not Getting It. Consider :
Is n’t this really a failure of Google ?
How did it become so easy to game search engine results that an article about Facebook and AOL became the first result for ‘ facebook login , ’ instead of the obvious thing people are actually looking for ?
How is it the fault of the users when we present them with multiple , barely - differentiated text fields within the same window .
Is it really surprising that they do n’t understand the differences between each ?
And is it surprising that they choose to use the one which works with more natural language , rather than entering syntactically - unnatural domain names ?
There is LOADS of anecdotal evidence that most users simply use search engines as a sort of natural language CLI .
Should n’t we be designing interfaces that work in the way most natural for the majority of users ?
These people have better things to do with their days than tweaking out the spacing in their browser toolbars .
A computer for them is a utility .
One that is increasingly complex , and one that is used because it ’s the only option for accomplishing certain things – not because it ’s a good option .
It ’s kind of like the Photoshop Problem : when people want to crop a picture , we give them Photoshop .
Photoshop is a behemoth application with nearly every image editing and touchup function imaginable , and it is terribly complex .
Now Photoshop is an impressive tool , but only a very tiny percentage people need the power it offers .
The vast majority just want to crop their ex-husband from the photo and let their friends look at it .
But even iPhoto , the poster child for Apps So Easy Your Grandparents Can Use
Them , continues to pile on features and complexity .
When folks need an elevator , we should give them an elevator , not an airplane .
We ’ve been giving them airplanes for 30 years , and then laughing at them for being too stupid to fly them right .
I think we ’re the stupid ones .
Update
As I said at the start , I wrote this piece a bit off the cuff , so upon further review I think I could have made it a bit clearer .
First , a couple great rebuttals I read :
I posted a comment on Phil Crissman ’s blog , which I think explains a bit further what I ’m thinking , and addresses the notion that some learning may still be required .
To copy and paste myself :
I certainly do n’t think that the computer can become ( anytime soon ) a magic box that determines our whims , nor do I think that people should n’t have to learn some things .
What I do think is that the current interface modern OSes on computers provide is simply overwhelming for most users , to the point that it ’s very challenging to learn how to accomplish tasks without a very significant investment of time .
Driving would be a good example of a task that does require investment of time , but is not so overwhelming that the vast majority of people fundamentally get it wrong : you do n’t see people steering with their feet , or accelerating and braking with the radio .
I ’d argue that modern computer interfaces , in a rush to offer flexibility and capability , make it possible to steer with your hands , feet , teeth , and knees — and do n’t make it particularly clear which one is best .
Update 2
Some more responses :
Feel free to forward me others ; I think I ’ve given up trying to track them down for now .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prince Harry was unhurt after being thrown from his polo pony during a fundraising match in Barbados .
The prince was taking part in the inaugural Sentebale Polo Cup , raising money for his charity which helps to improve the lives of impoverished children in Lesotho .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/18/2010
A vote for Scott Brown is a vote for the anti-gay National Organization For Marriage
by Jeremy Hooper
It 's one thing to hear NOM's Brian Brown pretending that crude bias is a good thing .
But the whole ruse becomes enragingly worse when he drags Dr. King 's legacy of fairness into the mix :
So an out - of - state group is telling a deeply blue state that the marriages that have been happening on their own soil without incident are somehow wrong / evil / immoral / worthy of careless spending ?
That 's not only astroturfing :
It 's putting the fakery on top of a place where lush loveliness is already in bloom .
That Massachusetts I know and love will see right through the pointless , de-beautifying exercise .
**EARLIER : The two Mr. Browns :
Out to tan marriage equality 's hide [ G - A - Y ]
** UPDATE , 1/19 : Check out the weird way NOM 's support has played out with NRO readers / contributors
Your thoughts
Oh , now , that 's just SICK , Brian , when his wife 9 and likely King himself ) was VERY active in Gay rights !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Jan 18 , 2010 4:18:31 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Physics in the LHC Era
It was in 1900 that mathematician David Hilbert created a list of the most significant unsolved problems for mathematics at a conference in Paris .
The list would eventually be fleshed out to reach a total of 23 problems .
Hilbert ’s Paris talk , “ The Problem of Mathematics , ” began this way :
Who among us would not be happy to lift the veil behind which is hidden the future ; to gaze at the coming developments of our science and at the secrets of its development in the centuries to come ?
What will be the ends toward which the spirit of future generations of mathematicians will tend ?
What methods , what new facts will the new century reveal in the vast and rich field of mathematical thought ?
The Wikipedia entry on Hilbert notes that the 23 problems , fewer than half of which were presented at the meeting , have gone on to be discussed throughout the following century , with some remaining unresolved to this day .
I look at Hilbert ’s introduction and think about how apropos the idea of gazing at ‘ coming developments of our science ’ is to what we do here .
Maria Spiropulu , a senior scientist at CERN near Geneva , used Hilbert when talking to the New York Times ‘ Dennis Overbye about a weekend conference that recently concluded in Los Angeles .
The Physics of the Universe Summit had a grand title , and Spiropulu hoped to use it to “ … set out the questions for the next nine decades . ”
Now , of course , we have the Large Hadron Collider , which offers the chance to create conditions similar to those existing in the earliest moments of the universe .
The trick is in making sense out of what it may show us .
Lisa Randall ( Harvard ) pointed to Galileo ’s maxim that physics progresses more when working on small problems than talking about large ones , which could be taken as a way of saying that no matter how elegant a theory may be , it often runs into problems when we get into the details .
Supersymmetry , for example , could explain things like dark matter , but Randall points out that no supersymmetric effects have turned up yet as deviations in the Standard Model of physics .
Randall believes they should have .
Overbye ’s article on the Summit lays out its interesting methodology :
Organized into “ duels ” of world views , round tables and “ diatribes and polemics , ” the conference was billed as a place where the physicists could let down their hair about what might come , avoid “ groupthink ” and “ be daring ( even at the expense of being wrong ) , ” according to Dr. Spiropulu ’s e-mailed instructions .
“ Tell us what is bugging you and what is inspiring you , ” she added .
Adding to the air of looseness , the participants were housed in a Hollywood hotel known long ago as the ‘ Riot Hyatt , ’ for the antics of rock stars who stayed there .
The eclectic cast included Larry Page , a co-founder of Google , who was handing out new Google phones to his friends ; Elon Musk , the PayPal electric - car entrepreneur , who hosted the first day of the meeting at his SpaceX factory , where he is building rockets to ferry supplies and , perhaps , astronauts to the space station ; and the filmmaker Jesse Dylan , who showed a new film about the collider .
One afternoon , the magician David Blaine was sitting around the SpaceX cafeteria doing card tricks for the physicists .
Wish I were a friend of Page ’s — I could use a Nexus One !
This is a lively bunch and ideas must have been flying .
Gordon Kane ( University of Michigan ) opined that the Large Hadron Collider would indeed discover supersymmetry but offered no explanations that would point to a theory of dark energy .
One big question at a time .
Overbye quotes Lawrence Krauss ( Arizona State ) on the matter of theories and their application , and this , too , is entertaining :
“ We get the notions they are right because we keep talking about them , ” he said .
Not only are most theories wrong , he said , but most data are also wrong — at first — subject to glaring uncertainties .
The recent history of physics , he said , is full of promising discoveries that disappeared because they could not be repeated .
Physics can take us from optimism to pessimism in a heartbeat .
Are we on the verge of discovering a true ‘ theory of everything ? ’
Or are we likely to be more confounded with each new assault on the secrets of the universe ?
We have n’t a clue how to explain dark energy , and dark matter remains undetected .
For that matter , as Overbye notes , we ’ve assumed that dark matter is a kind of particle .
What if , instead , it is an ‘ entire spectrum of dark behaviors ’ ?
Are there forces as well as particles on what these physicists are calling the ‘ dark side ’ ?
No answers here , but plenty of questions , in keeping with Dr. Spiropulu ’s wish to emulate Hilbert .
As a series of investigative doors wide open to the 21st Century , the topics discussed here lead to both exhilaration and confusion .
We ’ve seen much the same thing occurring in the exoplanet hunt , where we hardly thought we ’d find anything as outrageous as planets orbiting a pulsar , or ‘ hot Jupiters ’ existing breathtakingly close to their stars .
The trick seems to be to build the tools that let us push farther and deeper into nature , without prejudging what we will find .
‘ Prepare to be surprised ’ is as good a motto for today as any .
December 12 , 2009 at 16:10 Tags Games , Python , Qt
A while ago , to learn wxPython , I 've written wxPytris .
Since then , I 've switched to PyQt for my Python GUI coding and do n't even bother to install wxPython on my machines any more .
Therefore , I 've rewritten the tetris game with PyQt.
PyQtris is the name of the new game ( am I original or what ? ) .
It 's an exact clone appearance - wise , and works with the same high - scores file , so it can be just plugged in for wxPytris .
Here 's the mandatory screenshot :
The porting process was easy , although a bit boring .
Most of the GUI code maps 1 - to - 1 between wxPython and PyQt , and there are only some quirks to be handled differently .
The built - in double - buffering of widgets in Qt4 helps make it a cleaner code in the drawing part .
Get the source code here .
You can run it with Python 2.6 and the latest PyQt .
If you 're on Windows , you can also download this 6MB executable that has no dependencies whatsoever ( created with PyInstaller ) .
General relativity states that clocks in an accelerated - reference frame run slower than stationary ones .
This principle is used often in syncing clocks on Earth with those on satellites or planes , but the time difference has never been measured more accurately than five decimal places ; more accurate measurements would help us better understand space - time curvature and develop a theory of quantum gravity .
A group of scientists that includes Energy Secretary Steven Chu recognized that an atom in a quantum superposition simultaneously travels two paths at slightly different elevations , and therefore experience slightly different gravitational effects .
This let them measure the relativistic effects out to nine decimal places using data they had apparently generated over a decade ago .
According to general relativity , an object in an accelerated frame experiences time more slowly than a stationary object .
This effect is also generated by gravity , which is essentially an accelerated frame — being on Earth and in Earth ’s gravitational pull of 9.8 meters / second / second is the same as being in a rocket in space traveling 9.8 meters / second / second .
Time passes more slowly , or dilates , in these frames , an effect known as gravitational redshift .
Gravitational redshift can be measured at varying levels of Earth 's own atmosphere , since the pull of gravity is less the farther away we are from the surface .
For example , if we synchronize two clocks , take one of them to the top of a mountain for a while , and then bring it back to where the other clock is , the clock that sat still will be running behind the clock that was in the mountains — it was in a more accelerated frame , and time passed more slowly there .
While this effect is relatively easy to produce , it 's hard to get exact measurements because there are so many confounding factors : the mountain clock spent a while in a variable amount of gravity as it was being carried up the mountain , the earth 's orbit is elliptical , and so on .
The math and integrals involved can get tricky when you have to transport clocks through unknown areas .
To solve this issue of carrying around different clocks to different places , the researchers revisited an experimental system that Chu's group had developed over a decade ago , which involved single atoms in a confined region .
At the time , the team was using the atoms to get a precise measure of the acceleration due to gravity , but the same data could apparently be used to extract a measure of the gravitational redshift .
To get the necessary separation of " clocks , " they launched the atoms into a vacuum , using laser pulses to put it in a superposition of two quantum states , each of which traveled a slightly different path .
This provided a single test subject that would experience two gravitational potentials at the exact same time , allowing the experimenters to isolate the effects of redshift .
The two quantum states differed because one had received extra momentum from the laser , while the other did not .
The two states would physically separate and , this being quantum mechanics , a single atom would travel both trajectories as it crossed the vacuum chamber .
At the far side , a second pulse would alter the lower elevation path so that the paths would merge again .
When the paths realigned , the atoms received a third laser pulse .
Aside from its gravity - influenced trajectory , the atoms also moved as waves that would interfere constructively or destructively , depending on the phase difference between the waves when the paths realigned .
The phase difference was influenced by a number of factors , but the researchers found that the effects all canceled each other out — all except for the redshift from the slightly different gravitational effects of the two different trajectories .
Plugging this into the right equations gave a new measure of the gravitational redshift parameter that is 10,000 times more accurate than previously obtained values .
The authors suggest that it is possible to obtain even more accurate measurements of the redshift .
If the local gravity gradient is well - characterized , one to two additional decimal places can be squeezed out of the same set - up .
For this work , they had to include some uncertainty in their gravitational variable because they did n't know the exact gravity gradient in their location in Stanford .
However , the more accurate measurement of gravitational redshift provides more constraints on the curvature of space - time , which may influence the development of a theory of quantum gravity .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08776
Saved by the Bell : The College Years
( NBC , 1993 - 1994 )
Listen , the original Saved by the Bell was n't exactly Dostoyevsky , but the high school sitcom had a peculiar magic that still holds up ( if only ironically ) in reruns .
That magic does not extend to the completely misconceived spinoff - sequel , which follows the Bell cast into higher education .
The list of problems is long .
None of the Bell ladies except Tiffani Thiessen wanted to join the spin - off ( good for you , Lark Voorhies ! ) , so three new one - dimensional female characters were added .
The heavier adult themes of the cast 's college existence ( Kelly has an affair with her anthro professor ! ) clashed completely with the show 's sunny , G - rated style .
And everyone looked way too old .
But the No. 1 mistake was casting former pro-football player Bob Golic as dorm advisor and mullet enthusiast Mike Rogers .
The horror ...
— D.F.
As the World Economic Forum was drawing to a close on Saturday , local police used a water cannon against around 100 anti-capitalism protesters who had gathered at the Swiss ski resort of Davos .
It was no doubt effective as a means of crowd control but it could hardly be described as " on message . "
The incident came just days after a panel , including United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , told delegates that the issue of water scarcity now poses one of the greatest threats to health , safety , economic growth , human rights ...
In 2007 , it retained Zehra Buck , a former aide to Representative Bennie Thompson , Democrat of Mississippi and a caucus member , to help expand a lobbying campaign .
Its trade association in 2008 became the exclusive sponsor of an annual caucus foundation charity event where its donated televisions , computers and other equipment were auctioned , with the proceeds going to scholarships .
It donated to the campaigns of at least 10 caucus members , and to political action committees run by the caucus and its individual members .
It also encouraged member stores to donate to personal charities run by caucus members or to public schools in their districts .
Mr. Clay , the Missourian , received $ 14,000 in industry contributions in 2008 for the annual golf tournament his family runs in St. Louis .
The trade association also held a fund - raising event for him in Reno , Nev .
“ I ’ll always do my best to protect what really matters to you , ” Mr. Clay told rent - to - own executives , who agreed to hold their 2008 annual convention in St. Louis , his home district .
Mr. Clay declined a request for an interview .
On a visit to Washington , Larry Carrico , then president of the rent - to - own trade association , offered to donate computers and other equipment to a nonprofit job - training group in Chicago named in honor of Mr. Davis , the Illinois congressman who in 2002 voted in favor of tough restrictions on the industry .
Mr. Davis switched sides .
Mr. Carrico traveled to Chicago to hand over the donations , including a van with “ Congressman Danny K. Davis Job Training Program ” painted on its side , all of which helped jump - start a charity run by Lowry Taylor , who also works as a campaign aide to Mr. Davis .
In an interview , Mr. Carrico said support from caucus members came because they understood that his industry had been unfairly criticized and that it provided an important service to consumers in their districts .
While some caucus members still oppose the industry , 13 are co-sponsors of the industry - backed legislation that would ward off tough regulatory restrictions  an alliance that has infuriated consumer advocates .
[ Updated August 2010 – Cart has closed .
Alberta waffle window still open ]
Location : SW 4th and Hall
Description :
A couple of years ago , I would never have thought that waffles could be the focus of a cart .
That was because I was n’t thinking outside the box .
I was thinking of the waffles of my youth – simple breakfast fare served maybe with fruit , but always with syrup .
In 2009 , waffles have taken on a whole new persona with numerous carts popping up offering a different take on the traditional breakfast nosh .
Parkers Waffles down in the Portland State University POD joined this past summer and I ’m glad they did .
I have enjoyed what I call “ waffle gyros ” from a few of the other carts in town .
Parkers describes theirs as waffle burritos – I like that .
One difference I saw immediately with Parkers is that they offered up what I would normally see with a sandwich cart , but with waffles - pulled pork , beef brisket , ham and Gruyere , egg scrambles .
They still do offer up the sweetness that we all love for breakfast , but now we can have waffles for lunch .
I chose the daily special – the Oktoberfest – an Oktoberfest daufelwaffle , split brat , grilled onions , Gruyere , spicy mustard and sauerkraut .
Oktoberfest !
All I needed was a giant stein of beer !
I ’m always concerned the waffle will overpower the ingredients , but this mix was just right .
It was also not that messy .
I got some looks while walking to work – probably envy because my breakfast looked better than their bran muffin .
Parkers Waffles has a great niche here .
They are the only cart in the PSU Pod serving breakfast , surrounded by office buildings and a university .
I think that was a great decision .
If you ’re hungry and need both protein and sweets , take the MAX down to southwest downtown and see Parkers Waffles .
Tell them Food Carts Portland sent ya .
Sample Menu :
The Original : waffle brushed with sweet cream or maple butter and lightly dusted with powdered sugar – single - $ 2.50 ; double - $ 4 ; tripple - $ 5.50
Ham and Gruyere scamble : two eggs scrambled with ham , onions , mushrooms and Gruyere , served on a waffle – $ 6
The Iron Pig scramble : two eggs scrambled with spinach , bacon , onion and cheddar , served on a waffle – $ 6
Pulled Pork : pulled pork from Leroy ’s Familiar Vittles with dressing , served on a waffle – $ 6
Beef Brisket : Leroy ’s beef brisket served with choice of cole slaw or not on a waffle – $ 6
Apple Crisp : grilled granny smith apples , spices and Amaretto topped with sweetened sour cream and almond pecan streusel served on a waffle – $ 5
Lemon and Blueberry : house - made lemon curd and blueberries topped with whipped cream and lemon zest ; served on a waffle – $ 5
Stumptown coffee and other beverages available
Hours : Monday through Friday ; 7 am- 2pm
Website : ParkersWaffles.com
Twitter : ParkersWaffles
INSERT_MAP
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
The original was a miracle coming out in America , as games like that usually never make it out of Japan .
Now , it seems that hell has frozen
The original was a miracle coming out in America , as games like that usually never make it out of Japan .
Now , it seems that hell has frozen over because not only is there a sequel , but we 're seeing it localized for a mere $ 30 !
Incredible !
But anyways , on to the review .
This is a wonderfully unique game thats full of content and great to explore .
The company Arika did cut some corners in order to make this a budget title , but thankfully , most of them were good ones .
Theres no voice acting , but thats fine since if there had been it would have been bad .
They 've also expanded on the original in just about every way possible and this is for the better .
Instead of being confined to a large space that magically has every type of aquatic animal ever , the game is split up into several areas that literally span the globe .
Its all the places you 'd want to visit too , from frozen poles to tropical seas , even the Amazon are all places to visit .
It gets even better , since you have tons more to do as well .
Each character that you meet usually has specific jobs for you to do .
From salvaging to dolphin training , this game has everything .
If you can get money doing it underwater , this game has it .
The surprisingly deep photography jobs are back as well , having you attempt to get your photos rated by those picky editors of underwater magazines .
There is one annoying thing and thats the music .
There are about 10 or so songs sung by some overly energetic opera singer that are just plain terrible .
Oddly enough , theres no ability to upload your own MP3s as there was in the original , which would have helped with the grating music .
Thankfully , you can just turn that part off and the games wonderful sound design , ie scuba gear breathing , bubbles , the sounds of whales , completely makes up for the terrible music .
Over all , theres a ton to do and a ton to see and unlock .
My advice : buy the game , turn off the music and enjoy ! …
Expand
Al Ain : Two sand cat kittens have been born in Al Ain .
The mother and litter are in good health in the Al Ain Wildlife Park and Resort ( AWPR ) but the sex of the kittens are yet to be ascertained .
The litter was produced by in - vitro fertilisation and embryo transfer at AWPR , which is home to almost 20 per cent of the world 's captive sand cats .
The 34 sand cats at AWPR make up the largest and most genetically significant captive population of sand cats in any zoological institution .
AWPR initiated Project Sand Cat in partnership with the US - based University of Illinois and the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden , two top institutions engaged in endangered species research , in October .
Fresh sperms and eggs collected from sand cats were fertilised in an incubator to produce 50 embryos .
Twenty - one embryos were transferred into host cats , one of which became pregnant .
The remaining embryos were frozen and transported to the Cincinnati Zoo for similar trials .
Protocols
" No sand cat kitten has ever been born as a result of in - vitro fertilisation and embryo transfer .
Our sand cat mother gave birth to two kittens .
The kittens and mother are in a very good condition , " said Farshid Merhdadfar , the Animal Collection Manager at AWPR .
According to Dr Mike Maunder , AWPR 's Chief Programmes
Officer , the goal is to develop protocols for embryo transfer that can be used for sand cat and other more threatened species
such as the Arabian leopard .
" This technique will allow sand cats , and other threatened species , held in the UAE to contribute to the breeding work of conservations institutions throughout the world , " he said .
The in - vitro fertilisation and embryo transfers would not be possible without AWPR 's large number of sand cats .
Eggs were harvested from five female donors , fertilised with the sperm from three male sand cats , and the resulting embryos were implanted in a separate group of four female recipients .
Embryo transfer is an important technology for conservation efforts .
Embryos fertilised at AWPR can be frozen and later implanted into recipient groups across the world .
" We can exchange genetic material without having to transport the animals themselves .
This is a model in managing threatened wildlife species in the future , " said Dr Bill Swanson , Director of Research at the Cincinnati Zoo .
Viable population
According to Dr Swanson , the cats at AWPR are totally unrelated to other sand cats held anywhere in captivity .
" To introduce their genetic material to other populations helps build a stronger and more viable captive population . "
This process diversifies the gene pool of captive Sand cat populations .
One such trial of the embryos fertilised at AWPR is underway at the Living Desert Zoo in California .
Project Sand Cat is a pilot project within AWPR 's conservation programme .
The AWPR focuses on the conservation and restoration of arid land biodiversity and has a special focus on desert carnivores including current work with Arabian leopards , African wild dogs , and African lions .
What are sand cats ?
The Sand cat ( Felis margarita ) , also referred to as the sand dune cat , is a small wild cat distributed over African and Asian deserts .
It is listed as Near Threatened due to concern over potential low population size and decline .
It lives for about 13 years in captivity .
The Sand cat 's length averages almost 50 cm with a 30 cm tail .
The average weight of a sand cat is 2.7kg .
Their heads are conspicuously broad , and their ears are large , pointed , and widely spaced to the point they can be flattened horizontally or even pointing down to help when hunting .
Their paws are covered with long hairs that allow it to tolerate and easily manoeuvre the hot sand of its environment .
The sand cat can survive in temperatures ranging from − 5 °C to 52°C .
Desperate to save police , fire and other city jobs , a divided Phoenix City Council on Tuesday approved a sales tax on grocery items that will generate tens of millions of dollars a year .
The 2 percent food tax will take effect April 1 and expire after five years , though Mayor Phil Gordon said the council has the option of reversing its decision after it hears from the public during 15 budget hearings planned for this month .
The tax on milk , meat , vegetables and other food purchased by shoppers will generate an estimated $ 12.5 million for the fiscal year that ends June 30 .
It will raise another $ 50 million for fiscal 2011 .
Food purchased with food stamps will not be taxed .
The extra tax revenue means Phoenix will have more money in its coffers to help close a $ 241 million general - fund budget deficit through June 2011 .
Last week , budget officials proposed cutting $ 140 million in services .
Other special funds for things like transit also could get money .
City Manager David Cavazos proposed eliminating 1,379 citywide positions , including nearly 500 police officers and firefighters .
Among the dozens of targeted cuts , libraries and senior centers would be closed , an after - school program would be dismantled , and bus and light - rail service would be significantly reduced .
It 's unclear exactly where the extra money would be allocated .
On Feb .
9 , Cavazos and other staff will offer options of how they can reverse proposed cuts using food - tax revenue .
Phoenix shoppers who buy paper towels , toothpaste and other non-food items at a grocery store already pay an 8.3 percent sales tax , 2 percent of which goes to the city .
But Phoenix has not taxed food items since the early 1980s .
After Tuesday 's vote , Mesa and Surprise are the only Valley cities that do not tax food items , though Surprise is eyeing a 1 percent food tax .
Elizabeth Van
Wie told the council that the tax will be devastating for her family of six , which spends $ 900 to $ 1,300 a month on groceries .
Business at the Van Wies ' car wash has taken a 60 percent dive during the recession , and the family has begun growing vegetables to save money .
She suggested taxing fast food , cigarettes or alcohol , instead .
" To tax a basic need for my family is disastrous , " said Van Wie , her four young children in tow .
But union leaders argued the tax would keep more police officers and firefighters on the streets and emergency response times down .
Pete Gorraiz , president of the United Phoenix Firefighters Association , said city budget officials told him the food tax could provide a $ 6.9 million boost to the fire budget , saving nearly 40 firefighters ' jobs and up to eight civilian employees .
The extra revenue would spare three engine companies and an ambulance .
" There are services , and there are critical services , " Gorraiz said .
" In our business , if you start taking away our ability to meet response times , it 's literally the difference between life and death . "
Council members approved the tax on a 6 - 3 vote , with council members Sal DiCiccio , Bill Gates and Peggy Neely dissenting .
DiCiccio called the tax regressive , saying it harms the working poor , seniors and others on fixed incomes .
Gates and Neely said they objected to pushing the tax through without giving residents enough time to have their say .
Gordon had called for a special meeting just 24 hours earlier so the council could vote on the tax .
" We need to wait until everyone has had an opportunity to weigh in before we vote on this food tax .
That is the Phoenix way of doing things , " Gates said during the four - hour meeting .
" I 'm concerned this will enflame some people who will say , ' I did n't have the opportunity to be heard . ' "
Gordon said that the sooner the council adopted the tax , the more money there would be to reduce proposed cuts .
Implementing the tax in April means the city would have an extra $ 12.5 million for the current fiscal year .
Added Councilman Michael Nowakowski , an early supporter of the tax : " We 're investing in our kids , we 're investing in our seniors , we 're investing in our libraries and our parks .
We 're investing in our future . "
But local grocers and shoppers said Phoenix 's food tax will hit them in their pocketbooks at a time they can least afford it .
" You ca n't do that to people right now in this market .
They 're being crunched in every possible way , and this was the only area they were not being taxed on , " said Ken Schnitzer , owner of Luci 's Healthy Marketplace , a specialty grocery store that opened last year in Phoenix .
" We 're a new business that is trying to make it , " he added .
" Obviously , this will hurt our sales because people can't spend much money , and these are essentials that people need on a daily basis . "
Buying cookies and other snacks at Bashas ' Supermarket at Seventh Avenue and Osborn Road , Mark Evertz , a snowbird from Montana , said he may start spending winters in Mesa or another community that does n't tax food items .
" It does n't take long before a few pennies here and a few pennies there start to add up , " said Evertz , 59 , a disabled veteran who relies on his fixed pension benefits .
Update | 4:00 p.m. , Monday , Feb .
8 : The following post , written by The Times ’s international picture editor , raises engaging , important and contentious questions .
And , frankly , it has touched more than one nerve .
Ron Haviv of the VII agency and Christopher Anderson of Magnum sought a chance to elaborate publicly on their quoted remarks .
And Damon Winter , one of five photographers who were working in Haiti on assignment from The Times , also thought there was more to be said on the subject .
We welcome their essays , which will be found at the end of the post .
We believe they ’ll broaden this already vital discussion .
Original post | Photographers from across the globe descended on Haiti last month after the earthquake .
As the death toll grew , more photographers arrived — some with a deep history of working in Haiti or in conflict zones , some with neither .
Some photographers were sent on assignment , supported by the budgets of large news organizations .
Some went on their own dime .
Rodrigo Abd / Associated Press
At one point there were almost certainly too many photographers in Haiti .
But which point ?
This question is scarcely new .
It attends every war , every conflict ; each famine , disaster and political upheaval .
“ I think it goes without saying that I believe it important that photographers are there to document the event , ” said Uriel Sinai , a photographer for Getty Images , who was there .
Few would disagree .
But the scope of coverage in Haiti seems to exist on a different scale .
Ron Haviv of the VII agency said that in times of crisis , Haiti is a “ haven for photographers . ”
“ Amazing story , people and images are there , ” said Mr. Haviv , who has been traveling to Haiti for 20 years and made pictures there after the earthquake .
“ Being so accessible and inexpensive has always led to an abundance — and sometimes overabundance — of photographers during the various coups , insurrections and natural disasters .
Quite often during these times , it was normal for three to six photographers , plus the occasional TV crew , to be all working the same scene . ”
Mr. Sinai acknowledged that “ it feels awkward when you get to a scene of violence , tragedy , or chaos , et cetera , and there are more photographers around a subject than there are even people at the scene . ”
“ When you are there in the moment , and there are photographers crawling all over the place , it simply feels weird , ” he said .
It ’s worth noting that in troubled areas around the world — not just Haiti — numerous photographers often are in the same place at the same time , frequently traveling there together .
“ First and foremost , it ’s an issue of safety , ” said David Gilkey , a photographer for National Public Radio .
But he does not see this as an impediment to good coverage .
“ Even though you are traveling with another photographer , you are almost never duplicating each other ’s work , ” Mr. Gilkey said .
“ While two people may be looking at the same thing , they ’re seeing it in different ways . ”
More than a dozen photographers covered the landing of U.S. troops at the ruined National Palace on Jan. 19 .
The scene recalled a photograph by Alex Webb of American soldiers landing on the beach in Haiti in 1994 , facing what looked like a battery of news photographers .
This year , many photographers were drawn to a statue , untouched by the earthquake , standing solemnly amid the destruction .
Besides those in the slide show , other versions were taken by James Nachtwey , Charles Ommanney and Riccardo Venturi .
There is no question a tragedy of this magnitude demands a thousand eyes or even more .
But do they all have to be staring at the same thing ?
When does redundant become intrusive ?
Carl Juste / The Miami Herald ( Associated Press )
Some photographers drew the line at themselves .
Despite having worked in Haiti many times , for instance , Christopher Anderson of Magnum decided to avoid the earthquake and its immediate aftermath .
“ I have never felt comfortable covering natural disasters , ” he said .
Wars and other types of human - made tragedies are different .
There are questions of right and wrong , justice and injustice , political complications , et cetera .
I feel like my voice as an observer has a purpose .
But with an earthquake or tsunami , I do n’t have a purpose .
There is no need for explanation or contemplation .
There is only the immediate need for the news photographers to go and report what has happened .
I am not a news photographer .
I would just be composing pictures of misery .
Not to mention being another mouth to feed and another camera in the face of someone who has just lost everything .
In the days and weeks immediately after something like this , all that matters is that the news pictures help drive a response of aid .
I did n’t feel like there was anything I could add to that .
They did n’t need me getting in the way .
Paradoxically , the question could soon become : are there enough photographers covering Haiti ?
As celebrity television journalists begin to leave and the spotlight on Haiti dims , photography , in many ways , becomes even more crucial .
Lynsey Addario , who arrives in Haiti Thursday on assignment for The New York Times , said she felt conflict about not going just after the earthquake struck .
But she realized that important stories will need to be told as the recovery continues .
“ While the first phase of the Haiti story is coming to an end , there is a whole new stage of people moving on with their lives , and trying to rebuild what they can in a totally shattered psychological and physical infrastructure , ” Ms. Addario said .
“ I sometimes feel I can be a more effective photographer , and do more in - depth coverage , if I do spend more time on stories without the ‘ pack ’ , and choose subjects that I feel are lacking coverage . ”
“ There will be many quiet , important features to do . ”
Ron Haviv
The photographic community has been debating within itself how best to cover the story and help the Haitian people through our work .
The conversations have ranged from “ No one should go with just a camera — one should bring shovels and first aid as well ” to “ No photographer should go without a guaranteed commitment from a publication ” — thereby meaning freelancers should n’t go .
Other issues , such as “ A photographer will be taking food / water and sleeping quarters from the displaced ” to “ How dare anyone go , since photographers are paid and therefore we would be exploiting people ’s suffering for our own benefit ? ” have been discussed as well .
These are all interesting conversations to have .
Some have moved into the public realm , such as the piece debating whether there are too many photographers covering a story and where is the line drawn between respect for the subject and the need to document .
I am of the belief that in our world of fragmented media , it is important for photographers such as myself to go to the field and document and communicate with the world what is happening .
There will be times when there is more than one camera in a certain scene .
When someone is shown the scene of photographers surrounding someone in turmoil , an obvious reaction can be one of revulsion .
While I have no qualms about people seeing how we work , if one were to look at the images that those photographers had taken , the reaction would be quite different ; one , hopefully , of a connection with the subject by the viewer .
All of these questions have come up as I have worked in Haiti and other places .
Over the years , Haiti has always been known in times of news as a haven for photographers .
An amazing story , people and images are there .
Being so accessible and inexpensive , Haiti has always had an abundance — and sometimes overabundance — of photographers during the various coups , insurrections and natural disasters .
Quite often during these times , it was normal for three to six photographers , plus the occasional TV crew , to be all working the same scene .
Even during the U.S. “ invasion ” [ in 1994 ] , there were multiple numbers of journalists crowded into small areas .
What I found remarkable about being in Haiti after the earthquake was how few times I saw other journalists , aside from those I was sharing my vehicle with .
I knew that there were more journalists on the ground in Haiti than probably ever before , because we would see each other at various hotels when we would file our images .
But in the field , I saw them only occasionally and that was most often when there was a large fire in conjunction with looting and the smoke — seen from around the city — served as a signal .
When thinking why this was so , it was sobering .
The destruction in the capital and the outlying regions was so great , and the effect on the population so far reaching , that we all had our work to do .
It was rarely necessary for us to be in the same place en masse because everywhere you turned there was a story to tell .
Damon Winter
As the post concludes : yes , we should be asking ourselves if there are enough journalists there , not too many .
I agree with Ron Haviv that the magnitude of the disaster and subsequent story is so enormous that it is impossible for any one photographer or dozen or 50 to adequately portray it .
For the first two weeks in Haiti , I never once ran into my colleague Michael Appleton , even though we did not coordinate what we were planning to cover on any given day .
I would estimate that 80 percent of the pictures I made were in situations where I was the only photographer around , aside from the other journalists sharing the same vehicle and translator .
This is a much higher percentage than when I am working in New York , where any fire , murder scene or high - profile perp walk attracts dozens and dozens of photographers , reporters and television journalists .
There were nowhere near as many photographers in Haiti as there were in New York covering the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks .
Haiti’s proximity to the United States — and our relationship and history with that nation — made the disaster very relevant to our readership and relatively accessible to journalists .
Perhaps it was more thoroughly covered than recent disasters like the earthquake in Pakistan or the tsunami in Indonesia , but I think this is more a question of not enough attention there , rather than too much in Haiti .
I shared a plane with Mr. Haviv from New York to Santo Domingo early in the morning of Wednesday , Jan. 13 .
I remember him looking around the waiting room and saying that if this had happened 10 or even five years ago , the plane would have been filled with freelance photographers on their way to cover the earthquake .
But this is 2010 , and the industry and the state of photojournalism cannot support that flood of imagery .
There are fewer eyes on the ground now ; fewer witnesses , not more .
And that , to me , is a sad thing .
For two weeks , I looked over the shoulders of other photographers who would come back with images that were completely different than mine , that told different stories ; stories that I would never have seen — even being there from the beginning — were it not for their work .
I cannot speak for the intentions of all the photographers who went to Haiti .
I myself was asked and subsequently assigned to go by Patrick Witty , The Times ’s international picture editor and the author of this post .
Many others went with an assignment from a newspaper or magazine , some with assignments from N.G.O. ’s or relief groups wanting to document their role in the recovery .
Some went on their own .
Of those who went on their own , I am sure that the intentions were mixed .
But for the most part , I believe it was because those people believe in what they do , in their chosen profession and their need to inform the world through their photography .
There are very few staff positions left in this industry and not everyone has the luxury to go on a paid assignment .
The work that someone like myself or another newspaper photographer may produce is closely tied to the work that is done by the newspaper as a whole .
Independent photojournalists have more freedom to look in different places , to pursue stories that are longer and more in - depth , to focus on a particular person or issue to which they are drawn .
We each have our role to play and all of those roles , when added together , are the only way a story like this can be truly covered .
I remember photographing a young man who had been apprehended by the Haitian National Police and accused of looting from the ruins of the Ministry of the Interior .
I was the only journalist to watch as he was dragged from the rubble of the building , kicked , stepped on and made to crawl on his stomach in front of a crowd of angry bystanders .
I took photos as police removed a tangle of computer cables from the building and planted them on him as they accused him of stealing computer equipment .
He pleaded with them , saying that he was just looking through the rubble for building materials to make a shelter , as many people were doing across the city .
People stood by powerless .
I photographed the young man as he cried in the back of the police truck , handcuffed to another man .
He called my translator over and thanked us and thanked God that we were there to witness this , because otherwise he feared they would have beaten him — or worse .
My translator was able to tell the U.N. investigator what happened when he arrived on the scene .
I was reminded that day how important our presence alone can be .
On the other hand , on several occasions I was forced to walk away from situations that were flooded with journalists and I found it beyond my personal limits to participate .
For instance , the funeral of Archbishop Joseph Serge Miot was the first real public event since the earthquake and the first real chance for expression of public grief .
All the photographers were gathered for the first time in one place , at a small and solemn affair in the courtyard of the ruined national cathedral .
Some very prominent photographers worked their way into the ceremony so that they were practically on top of the casket .
Others were within inches of the grieving family .
All rules of decorum seemed to go out the window .
I decided that I did n’t want to be a part of that , and made my way out of the ceremony , instead spending time observing mourners on the periphery .
After the ceremony , the funeral procession was impeded by the mob of photographers as it tried to make its way to the cemetery for the burial .
I did not follow .
On the day before I left Haiti , press releases were circulating about a memorial service in Titanyen , the site of the mass graves for thousands of victims .
After photographing the first few mourners arriving at this dusty field on a rural hillside — pictures that seemed quiet , poignant and reverent — I quickly realized that the event was more of a political rally for supporters of the ousted former President Jean - Bertrand Aristide than a sincere forum for Haitians to grieve for their lost .
In a tasteless and despicable display , the supporters had used a decomposed human body as a prop for their event , placing it conveniently near an open but empty grave alongside a neat pile of fresh building rubble .
The body was to be lifted by a bulldozer and dropped into the ground later for maximum effect .
Photographers swarmed around the corpse , trying to make a picture , without asking themselves why it was there and why they were making that image .
I wanted no part of this and I left 10 minutes into the ceremony .
These , of course , are questions more of how we choose to conduct ourselves and of how we think critically about what we are seeing when we ’re out covering a story .
These are the same questions we face on every assignment , in every corner of the globe .
The fact remains that we need to be there .
The notion that photographers took resources from people who needed them is absolutely unfounded .
Anyone who covered the earthquake knows that there was food in Haiti .
There was food in the markets and vendors sold food on every street corner .
The problem is that people have no money .
They have lost everything and can no longer afford to provide for themselves and their families .
For the first few days , I would argue that the only money coming into Haiti was from journalists .
We consumed food ; we hired local journalists , drivers and translators ; and we sought shelter in local hotels , which continued to employ large staffs , all of which we paid for .
No resources were lost or denied because of our presence .
To suggest this is naïve and irresponsible .
As to the image of the statue : Ken Jarecke made the argument eloquently in comment No. 21 .
Perhaps I can add some thoughts from my experience .
[ Mr. Winter ’s is the fifth picture in the slide show . ]
My own favorite photograph from this scene was not of the statue , but rather of a man dutifully sweeping the sidewalk in front of his shop — almost oblivious to the massive fire burning in the background — continuing on with life in the face of such destruction .
Many other photographers were drawn to the scene around the statute .
If I had decided that I did n’t need to look because they already had the situation covered , I would have missed that very telling image of the shopkeeper .
So , yes , I chose to look where others had already .
It is a choice we face almost every day , both in places like Haiti and in our own backyards .
There is very little new in photography , very little that has n’t been done before .
But we must still keep looking , observing , exploring and pushing the shutter button .
It is the very heart of what we do .
Christopher Anderson
To friends and colleagues who covered the Haiti earthquake , let me clarify my comments .
Some readers and responders , taking what I said out of context , viewed it as a criticism of those who covered this story .
In fact , I defend the need for multiple photographers on the ground .
The part that was published on this blog was an insight into my own personal thought process when weighing whether or not to jump on a plane .
I believe that if one reads carefully what I said , it is clear that I am not criticizing anyone ’s decision to go .
When I say that I worry I might be “ another mouth to feed , ” I do not mean to suggest that any of you prevented someone else from eating .
I was speaking more metaphorically about wondering whether I would just be in the way , or able to contribute something because of my presence .
I regret that this sentiment might have contributed to an idea that any Haitian went without food or water because of the presence of even one single journalist .
It should be said for the record — as Damon Winter did — that this is simply not how things work on the ground in events like this .
Haiti had an earthquake , not a famine .
Caster Semenya wins the 800 m final at the 2009 World Championships
By Ian O'Reilly
BBC News
With the Vancouver Winter Olympic Games under way , leading sporting bodies continue to be embroiled in one of sport 's biggest controversies - the gender verification testing of female athletes .
In January a symposium of experts in Miami concluded that some athletes discovered to have gender ambiguities be advised to have treatment , possibly even surgery , to continue competing at international level .
Last week the International Olympic Committee 's General Assembly was briefed by the head of its Medical Commission Professor Arne Ljungqvist who recommended that " strategically located centres of excellence should be established to which athletes with a DSD ( disorder of sex development ) could be referred and , if necessary , further investigated and treated . "
" To be clear women are the target here .
This issue is about the classification of female athletes not male athletes .
There is little sporting advantage to a male athlete having a low testosterone level , however , there can be significant advantages to a female athlete in having a higher testosterone level , " says Michele Veroken , a leading sports integrity and ethics specialist .
But is it really necessary to check that female athletes are actually women ?
Have men competed as women in the past ?
There is some evidence and a lot of rumour .
Stanislawa Walasiewiczowna in 1937 Stanislawa Walasiewiczowna of Poland won two Olympic medals and set 18 world records in the 1930s .
Upon her death she was discovered to have male genitalia and both male and female sets of chromosomes .
Tamara and Irina Press of the Soviet Union were both Olympic medal winners in the 1960s .
Between them they set 26 world records .
Throughout their careers there was constant speculation that they were men .
They vanished from international sport overnight when gender verification testing became mandatory in 1966 .
Mandatory testing
For the first couple of years mandatory gender verification testing consisted of a physical inspection by a panel of doctors .
But athletes complained that this was degrading and new methods were sought .
For the 1968 Games the Buccal Smear chromosome test was introduced .
It was a quick mouth swab easily examined under a high powered microscope .
An XX result would confirm the subject to be a woman , an XY result would indicate that the subject was a man .
But as science progressed the test was discovered to be less and less accurate .
For example , some women with a particular genetic anomaly known as AIS showed up as being male and ironically men ( not that they were tested ) with an additional X chromosome ( XXY chromosomes ) would have shown up negative and would have been technically eligible to compete in women 's events .
By the time the Buccal Smear test was dropped it was thought to throw up an overall false positivity rate of around 20 % .
In 1991 another test , known as PCR Analysis of the SRY Gene , was introduced .
Though a vastly more sophisticated and reliable test , later research uncovered that certain rare genetic anomalies threw up a false positive .
At the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , the last at which gender verification testing of female athletes was mandatory , out of 3,000 tests administered , eight showed up positive ( as being considered male ) .
Upon further examination , seven of those athletes were found to have AIS and the eight had an enzyme deficiency .
All eight athletes were given the go - ahead to compete .
If you start looking for reasons to exclude female athletes from competition you are opening up Pandora 's Box
Professor Myron Genel
Yale University
In its history , gender verification testing has never discovered a man masquerading as a woman .
In 2000 it ceased to be mandatory .
Since then such testing generally only takes place at the instruction of the medical director of an international sporting event if a complaint has been made or a suspicion has arisen .
Exploiting genetic differences
Every individual , every athlete is genetically different .
Most athletes who compete at elite level will have already exploited some genetic advantage to be in that position and have built upon that with years of training .
For example , high - performance long distance runners and cross country skiers will most likely have naturally high MaxVO2 levels ( measure of the body 's capacity to transport and utilize oxygen during incremental exercise ) .
Successful long distance runners are most likely to have a predominance of slow - twitch fibres in their muscles while sprinters will probably have a predominance of fast - twitch fibres .
Female athletes with high testosterone levels generally perform better in power sports , such as athletics , than those with low testosterone levels .
" At the elite level , athletes who have unique abilities tend to possess physical characteristics that are advantageous in their particular sport .
For example , being tall in basketball and petite - size with delayed sexual development in gymnastics , these athletes tend to be very successful , " says Professor Myron Genel , a paediatrician and specialist in Disorders of Sex Development at Yale University .
" If you start looking for reasons to exclude female athletes from competition you are opening up Pandora 's Box . "
Ambiguity in gender can take many forms and can range from mild to pronounced .
Up to what point is a gender ambiguity just another genetic advantage ?
When does it become an unfair sporting advantage ?
The medical profession and international sporting bodies term most gender ambiguities as disorders of sex development .
The most prevalent in sport are : Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia ( CAH ) is an endocrine disorder in which the adrenal glands produce abnormally high levels of virilising hormones , including testosterone , although the body may not be receptive to any or all of the additional hormones produced .
Females born with CAH are genetically female , they have XX chromosomes , but their physical characteristics can include an enlarged clitoris , increased body and facial hair , and a deeper voice than usual .
( CAH ) is an endocrine disorder in which the adrenal glands produce abnormally high levels of virilising hormones , including testosterone , although the body may not be receptive to any or all of the additional hormones produced .
Females born with CAH are genetically female , they have XX chromosomes , but their physical characteristics can include an enlarged clitoris , increased body and facial hair , and a deeper voice than usual .
Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome ( AIS ) is much less common .
In pregnancy the foetus is a genetic male , XY chromosomes , but is insensitive to certain hormones such as testosterone and so develops as female in most respects .
The gonads develop into testes not ovaries .
Such individuals do not have a uterus and cannot conceive or menstruate .
Often the internal testes are removed later in life as they can be prone to malignancy .
Semenya wins gold Gender in sport has become a huge issue since South African runner Caster Semenya burst on to the international athletics scene last year winning the 800m final at the World Championships in Berlin .
After the race some of Semenya 's competitors questioned her gender .
Elisa Cusma of Italy who came sixth , said to Italian journalists at the time " these kind of people should not run with us .
For me , she 's not a woman .
She 's a man . "
The International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) , track and field 's governing body , required Semenya to undergo a full physical evaluation and gender verification testing , which included reports from a gynaecologist , an endocrinologist , a psychologist , an internal medicine specialist and an expert on gender .
SEMENYA'S CAREER IN LIMBO 14 January - Semenya 's coach announces that she will take part in series of track events in South Africa starting 19 February 16 January - South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee say " As things stand , Semenya is not eligible to run in any sanctioned meeting or race " 18 January - Semenya 's lawyer releases a statement saying that she has not been disqualified from participating in future athletics meetings , and that " it is clear that our client 's rights are once again being infringed "
The international sporting world is awash with rumours regarding Semenya 's gender or any gender ambiguity she might have .
Most press reports claim that Semenya has testosterone levels three times higher than average and that she also has testes .
Neither Semenya nor her lawyer have made any comment on these reports .
The IAAF , the South African government and Semenya 's lawyer have since come to an agreement that she will retain the world title , and that the results of the gender verification tests will remain confidential .
Asked to shed some light on what 's going on the IAAF give a standard " we have no comment to make at this time " .
Framing the future
In mid-January of this year the IOC and the educational arm of the IAAF held a gender symposium in Miami .
It was attended by about 15 scientists , medical experts and sports federation doctors from around the world - according to the IOC press release all were experts on Disorders of Sex Development ( DSD ) .
Caster Semenya 's name did not appear on the agenda but in many ways the symposium was all about her .
The issue on the table was what to do with women with any kind of gender ambiguity .
Among the symposium 's conclusions were recommendations that medical centres of excellence specialising in DSD be set - up around the world , that athletes have periodic pre-participation health exams , that athletes with a gender ambiguity be diagnosed and recommended treatment as quickly as possibly and that rules of eligibility for competition for such athletes be established .
" The IOC Medical Commission has issued guidelines for what should be included in a pre-participation health exam and such an examination would reveal any masquerading man .
It would also identify individuals with a DSD , " said Professor Arne Ljungqvist , head of the IOC Medical Commission .
Asked about the possible treatments referred to , Professor Ljungqvist said , such treatments could be forms of hormone therapy or as he told the BBC " perhaps surgery , the removal of gonadal or testicular tissue " .
We are heading into uncharted water here ... the legality of any such plan would no doubt be contested by athletes and human rights groups
Michele Veroken
sports integrity and ethics specialist " We explored the science of all these matters .
We established several important points based on up - to - date science and global expertise .
Now we have the scientific basis for going further , " the professor later told AP .
The IOC 's Medical Commission will not say what criteria they use to define female gender , so what exactly do they consider an ambiguity ?
All they have made clear so far is that eligibility of such athletes for competition will be considered on a case by case basis .
Words such as eligibility , diagnosis , disorder , treatment and surgery have triggered alarms throughout the international sporting world .
In the future , what might happen to a female athlete diagnosed with a DSD ?
" If that person wants to compete again they may have no option but to undergo treatment or even surgery - if not , they may have to leave the sport .
And if they do undergo any such treatment or surgery are there guarantees they will be able to compete ?
Could this result in athletes still not being compliant with the rules , " asks Michele Veroken .
" We are heading into uncharted water here , would athletes be required to receive treatment before they participate in sport ?
What if they have already competed , would those results be disqualified ?
And of course the legality of any such proposed plan would no doubt be contested by athletes and human rights groups . "
Word from the Miami gender symposium is that there was a lot of discussion among the delegates and a full range of opinion was aired , not all of which was reflected in the IOC Medical Commission 's preliminary conclusions .
Gender verification testing is a violation of the Olympic charter
Kristen Worley - Coalition of athletes for inclusion in sport " Most of us who were at the meeting feel our obligation is to the health of the athlete ...
Any treatment would be for the health of the athlete not as a prerequisite for them to continue competing , " insists Professor Myron Genel of Yale University who has been involved in the area of Disorders of Sex Development for many years .
" In essence I would hold to the concept that if an athlete is recognised as female at birth and through puberty they should be allow to compete in women 's events . "
Much precautionary concern is expressed by the scientists and medics involved in this issue regarding the health of high performance female athletes with a gender ambiguity , or a disorder of sex development , as they term it .
But is quite so much concern justified ?
" It 's all a smokescreen .
Just like all other athletes most female athletes with a gender ambiguity are very healthy people .
Hugely exaggerating any possible health issue enables this small group of scientists , mainly older men , to medicalise , define and control women 's health and bodies , " says Kristen Worley of the Coalition of Athletes for inclusion in Sport , a small but vocal group based in Canada .
A high performance cyclist and transgender athlete who has fought her own battles with the IOC , Worley is critical of the organisation 's approach to gender verification testing " by subjecting only certain individuals to testing the IOC's Medical Commission may leave some women open to witch hunts and requests to undergo body modification " .
In Worley 's view , " There is nothing humanitarian or Olympian about gender verification testing or the conclusions of the Miami gender symposium , it 's all a violation of the Olympic charter . "
Professor Ljungqvist says that testing at the Vancouver Games will take place as usual .
" In terms of gender , just applying the rule we have ... should there be a case where there is any reason to make a closer examination we will do that . "
And what of Semenya ?
Was Caster Semenya 's victory at the world championships in Berlin the beginning of a great international career or a snatched moment in the sun by someone who may have been born to win but perhaps will never be judged to fall neatly enough within her side of nature 's gender divide by the world 's sporting bodies ?
Very soon the IAAF will have to make a decision regarding Semenya 's future in sport .
That decision will impact hugely on the International Olympic Committee and on athletes all around the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ youtube width = ” 525 ″ height = ” 455 ″ ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lu1ovcwTYU[/youtube]
Posted : Feb. 22 , 2010
Premise of Video : Channel 9 Australia “ Today ” show hosts Karl Stefanovic and Lisa Wilkinson do the goofy things network hosts have to do to keep their job .
If that means acting interested in some stupid chef ’s cooking instructions , so be it .
If that means showing viewers the intricacies of curling because it ’s Olympic season , so be it .
Karl , being the slightly douchier version of Matt Lauer , wants to show Lisa how to play Wii Curling .
Ms. Wilkinson , being the career oriented mom with no time for games , does n’t have experience with the Wii controller so it ’s Karl ’s job to show her how a player sweeps the ice .
Climax of the Video : “ Here it comes ! ” “ Here it comes ! ” “ Nice ! ” That would be the end of the video where Karl is extremely pumped up by Lisa ’s work stroking the broom – or whatever it ’s called .
The rest of this sucker is possibly the greatest video you ’ll see all year .
Watch as Karl really pounds his controller and Lisa looks back to the cameraman who is obviously about to bust out laughing at the stupidity .
Conclusion : Next up for these crazy kids ?
The morning show two - person luge where Karl calls bottom .
12847423802543462
The tale of Casper the commuting cat , who would politely queue with bus passengers before contentedly riding around Plymouth , made headlines and raised smiles around the world .
Sadly the cat 's love affair with the open road has proved his downfall after he was killed by a hit - and - run driver , it emerged today .
A notice appeared at the cat 's usual bus stop saying : " Many local people knew Casper , who loved everyone .
He also enjoyed the bus journeys .
Sadly a motorist hit him … and did not stop .
" Casper died from his injuries .
He will be greatly missed … he was a much - loved pet who had so much character .
Thank you to all those who befriended him . "
Casper 's life on the buses came to international attention last year .
It turned out that for four years he had been riding the no 3 bus , passing the Devon city 's historic dockyard and naval base , en route .
He tended to curl up on a seat or sometimes purr around fellow passengers ' legs , all the way to the final stop , stay on and make the return journey .
Drivers got used to letting him off at the correct stop .
His owner , Sue Finden , said she had never understood what he was doing until a bus driver let her into the secret of Casper 's travelling .
" I could n't believe it at first , but it explains a lot .
He loves people and we have a bus stop right outside our house so that must be how he got started – just following everyone on , " she said at the time .
Postings on the website of Casper 's local newspaper , the Herald , proved just what a popular character he was .
" Hail to Casper the cat , I 'll miss ya m8 ride in heaven , " wrote Chris the bus driver .
" RIP Casper , you will be missed , " said another reader .
There were , inevitably , a few sick jokes , while Mick from Plymouth said he would not have let any cat of his run across roads and jump on buses .
And Eternal Optimist questioned whether the paper should be troubling itself with Casper 's story : " I am so glad that I live in such a peaceful and crime - free city as Plymouth where so little happens that a dead cat is considered newsworthy . "
However , Mel of Plymouth summed up the feeling of most : " RIP Casper , you were one cool cat !
Reading about your travels put a smile on my face . "
sense .
I 've been making my own bread for several weeks and this is the next logical step .
The only observation I have to make is that homemade butter has a harder texture to it than store - bought .
Maybe add a bit of olive oil ? "
... "
" Wash butter ?
I thought it was a joke the first time I read the phrase in an old cookbook , but it makes perfect
<
( Point of order : I hope this does n't count as discussing the rules . )
Reporters who witness the worst of human suffering and return to newsrooms angry see their compassion washed out or severely muted by the layers of editors who stand between the reporter and the reader .
The creed of objectivity and balance , formulated at the beginning of the 19th century by newspaper owners to generate greater profits from advertisers , disarms and cripples the press .
And the creed of objectivity becomes a convenient and profitable vehicle to avoid confronting unpleasant truths or angering a power structure on which news organizations depend for access and profits .
This creed transforms reporters into neutral observers or voyeurs .
It banishes empathy , passion and a quest for justice .
Reporters are permitted to watch but not to feel or to speak in their own voices .
They function as “ professionals ” and see themselves as dispassionate and disinterested social scientists .
This vaunted lack of bias , enforced by bloodless hierarchies of bureaucrats , is the disease of American journalism .
“ The very notion that on any given story all you have to do is report what both sides say and you ’ve done a fine job of objective journalism debilitates the press , ” the late columnist Molly Ivins once wrote .
“ There is no such thing as objectivity , and the truth , that slippery little bugger , has the oddest habit of being way to hell off on one side or the other : it seldom nestles neatly halfway between any two opposing points of view .
The smug complacency of much of the press — I have heard many an editor say , ‘ Well , we ’re being attacked by both sides so we must be right ’ — stems from the curious notion that if you get a quote from both sides , preferably in an official position , you ’ve done the job .
In the first place , most stories are n’t two - sided , they ’re 17 - sided at least .
In the second place , it ’s of no help to either the readers or the truth to quote one side saying , ‘ Cat , ’ and the other side saying ‘ Dog , ’ while the truth is there ’s an elephant crashing around out there in the bushes . ”
Ivins went on to write that “ the press ’s most serious failures are not its sins of commission , but its sins of omission — the stories we miss , the stories we do n’t see , the stories that do n’t hold press conferences , the stories that do n’t come from ‘ reliable sources . ’ ”
This abject moral failing has left the growing numbers of Americans shunted aside by our corporate state without a voice .
It has also , with the rise of a ruthless American oligarchy , left the traditional press on the wrong side of our growing class divide .
The elitism , distrust and lack of credibility of the press — and here I speak of the dwindling institutions that attempt to report news — come directly from this steady and willful disintegration of the media ’s moral core .
This moral void has been effectively exploited by the 24 - hour cable news shows and trash talk radio programs .
The failure of the fact - based press to express empathy or outrage for our growing underclass has permitted the disastrous rise of “ faith - based ” reporting .
The bloodless and soulless journalism of the traditional media has bolstered the popularity of partisan outlets that present a view of the world that often has no relation to the real , but responds very effectively to the emotional needs of viewers .
Fox News is , in some sense , no more objective than The New York Times , but there is one crucial and vital difference .
Fox News and most of the other cable outlets do not feel constrained by verifiable facts .
Within the traditional news establishment , facts may have been self - selected or skillfully stage - managed by public relations specialists , but what was not verifiable was not publishable .
The cable news channels have cleverly seized on the creed of objectivity and redefined it in populist terms .
They attack news based on verifiable fact for its liberal bias , for , in essence , failing to be objective , and promise a return to “ genuine ” objectivity .
Fox ’s Bill O’Reilly argues , “ If Fox News is a conservative channel — and I ’m going to use the word ‘ if ’ — so what ? …
You ’ve got 50 other media that are blatantly left .
Now , I do n’t think Fox is a conservative channel .
I think it ’s a traditional channel .
There ’s a difference .
We are willing to hear points of view that you ’ll never hear on ABC , CBS or NBC . ”
O’Reilly is not wrong in suggesting that the objectivity of the traditional media has an inherent political bias .
But it is a bias that caters to the power elite and it is a bias that is confined by fact .
The traditional quest for “ objectivity ” is , as James Carey wrote , also based on an ethnocentric conceit : “ It pretended to discover Universal Truth , to proclaim Universal Laws , and to describe a Universal Man .
Upon inspection it appeared , however , that its Universal Man resembled a type found around Cambridge , Massachusetts , or Cambridge , England ; its Universal Laws resembled those felt to be useful by Congress and Parliament ; and its Universal Truth bore English and American accents . ”
Objectivity creates the formula of quoting Establishment specialists or experts within the narrow confines of the power elite who debate policy nuance like medieval theologians .
As long as one viewpoint is balanced by another , usually no more than what Sigmund Freud would term “ the narcissism of minor difference , ” the job of a reporter is deemed complete .
But this is more often a way to obscure rather than expose truth .
Reporting , while it is presented to the public as neutral , objective and unbiased , is always highly interpretive .
It is defined by rigid stylistic parameters .
I have written , like most other reporters , hundreds of news stories .
Reporters begin with a collection of facts , statements , positions and anecdotes and then select those that create the “ balance ” permitted by the formula of daily journalism .
The closer reporters get to official sources , for example those covering Wall Street , Congress , the White House or the State Department , the more constraints they endure .
When reporting depends heavily on access it becomes very difficult to challenge those who grant or deny that access .
This craven desire for access has turned huge sections of the Washington press , along with most business reporters , into courtiers .
The need to be included in press briefings and background interviews with government or business officials , as well as the desire for leaks and early access to official documents , obliterates journalistic autonomy .
“ Record the fury of a Palestinian whose land has been taken from him by Israeli settlers — but always refer to Israel ’s ‘ security needs ’ and its ‘ war on terror , ’ ” Robert Fisk writes .
“ If Americans are accused of ‘ torture ’ , call it ‘ abuse ’ .
If Israel assassinates a Palestinian , call it a ‘ targeted killing ’ .
If Armenians lament their Holocaust of 1,500,000 souls in 1915 , remind readers that Turkey denies this all too real and fully documented genocide .
If Iraq has become a hell on earth for its people , recall how awful Saddam was .
If a dictator is on our side , call him a ‘ strongman ’ .
If he ’s our enemy , call him a tyrant , or part of the ‘ axis of evil ’ .
And above all else , use the word ‘ terrorist . ’
Terror , terror , terror , terror , terror , terror , terror .
Seven days a week . ”
“ Ask ‘ how ’ and ‘ who ’ — but not ‘ why ’ , ” Fisk adds .
“ Source everything to officials : ‘ American officials ’ , ‘ intelligence officials ’ , ‘ official sources ’ , anonymous policemen or army officers .
And if these institutions charged with our protection abuse their power , then remind readers and listeners and viewers of the dangerous age in which we now live , the age of terror — which means that we must live in the Age of the Warrior , someone whose business and profession and vocation and mere existence is to destroy our enemies . ”
“ In the classic example , a refugee from Nazi Germany who appears on television saying monstrous things are happening in his homeland must be followed by a Nazi spokesman saying Adolf Hitler is the greatest boon to humanity since pasteurized milk , ” the former New York Times columnist Russell Baker wrote .
“ Real objectivity would require not only hard work by news people to determine which report was accurate , but also a willingness to put up with the abuse certain to follow publication of an objectively formed judgment .
To escape the hard work or the abuse , if one man says Hitler is an ogre , we instantly give you another to say Hitler is a prince .
A man says the rockets wo n’t work ?
We give you another who says they will .
The public may not learn much about these fairly sensitive matters , but neither does it get another excuse to denounce the media for unfairness and lack of objectivity .
In brief , society is teeming with people who become furious if told what the score is . ”
Journalists , because of their training and distaste for shattering their own exalted notion of themselves , lack the inclination and vocabulary to discuss ethics .
They will , when pressed , mumble something about telling the truth and serving the public .
They prefer not to face the fact that my truth is not your truth .
News is a signal , a “ blip , ” an alarm that something is happening beyond our small circle of existence , as Walter Lippmann noted in his book “ Public Opinion . ”
Journalism does not point us toward truth since , as Lippmann understood , there is always a vast divide between truth and news .
Ethical questions open journalism to the nebulous world of interpretation and philosophy , and for this reason journalists flee from ethical inquiry like a herd of frightened sheep .
Journalists , while they like to promote the image of themselves as fierce individualists , are in the end another species of corporate employees .
They claim as their clients an amorphous public .
They seek their moral justification in the service of this nameless , faceless mass and speak little about the vast influence of the power elite to shape and determine reporting .
Does a public even exist in a society as fragmented and divided as ours ?
Or is the public , as Walter Lippmann wrote , now so deeply uninformed and divorced from the inner workings of power and diplomacy as to make it a clean slate on which our armies of skilled propagandists can , often through the press , leave a message ?
The symbiotic relationship between the press and the power elite worked for nearly a century .
It worked as long as our power elite , no matter how ruthless or insensitive , was competent .
But once our power elite became incompetent and morally bankrupt , the press , along with the power elite , lost its final vestige of credibility .
The press became , as seen in the Iraq war and the aftermath of the financial upheavals , a class of courtiers .
The press , which has always written and spoken from presuppositions and principles that reflect the elite consensus , now peddles a consensus that is flagrantly artificial .
Our elite oversaw the dismantling of the country ’s manufacturing base and the betrayal of the working class with the passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement and the press dutifully trumpeted this as a form of growth .
Our elite deregulated the banking industry , leading to nationwide bank collapses , and the press extolled the value of the free market .
Our elite corrupted the levers of power to advance the interests of corporations and the press naively conflated freedom with the free market .
This reporting may have been “ objective ” and “ impartial ” but it defied common sense .
The harsh reality of shuttered former steel - producing towns and growing human misery should have , in the hands of any good cop reporter , exposed the fantasies .
But the press long ago stopped thinking and lost nearly all its moral autonomy .
Real reporting , grounded in a commitment to justice and empathy , could have informed and empowered the public as we underwent a corporate coup d’etat in slow motion .
It could have stimulated a radical debate about structures , laws , privilege , power and justice .
But the traditional press , by clinging to an outdated etiquette designed to serve corrupt power structures , lost its social function .
Corporations , which once made many of these news outlets very rich , have turned to more effective forms of advertising .
Profits have plummeted .
And yet these press courtiers , lost in the fantasy of their own righteousness and moral probity , cling to the hollow morality of “ objectivity ” with comic ferocity .
The world will not be a better place when these fact - based news organizations die .
We will be propelled into a culture where facts and opinions will be interchangeable , where lies will become true , and where fantasy will be peddled as news .
I will lament the loss of traditional news .
It will unmoor us from reality .
The tragedy is that the moral void of the news business contributed as much to its own annihilation as the protofascists who feed on its carcass .
Age of War 2 is a mix between a defense game and a strategy game .
The goal is to destroy the enemy base while defending yours .
You can build turrets to defend your base and units to attack the enemy's .
The twist of the game is that you can evolve as well as unlock new units and defense means .
The more you evolve , the more you will become powerful .
Bill Clinton Released From Hospital , Prognosis ' Excellent ' Former president leaves hospital less than 24 hours after stent procedure .
Feb. 12 , 2010  -- Former president Bill Clinton left a New York hospital this morning , less than 24 hours after he was admitted and had two stents inserted into one of his coronary arteries .
Clinton , 63 , was buoyed by an " excellent " prognosis and a flood of get well wishes , including from President Obama and the two former president Bushes .
His office issued a statement this morning saying that Clinton was released from New York City 's Columbia Presbyterian Hospital " in excellent health . "
" He looks forward in the days ahead to getting back to the work of his Foundation , and to Haiti relief and recovery efforts , " the statement said .
The former president praised the surgeons who installed the two stents in his coronary artery , Dr. Mark Apfelbaum and Dr. Michael Collins .
" President Clinton would also like to thank the many people who extended their best wishes to him for a quick recovery , " the statement said .
Clinton , who had a quadruple heart bypass operation in 2004 , was taken to Columbia Presbyterian Hospital Thursday afternoon after complaining of brief episodes of chest discomfort over the past few days , even while at rest .
His cardiologist , Dr. Allen Schwartz , chief of cardiology at New York City 's Columbia Presbyterian Hospital , performed an angiography , finding no evidence of a heart attack or damage to Clinton 's heart .
Pictures taken of Clinton 's arteries and of bypass grafts he received four years ago revealed that one of the grafts was blocked .
Because of that problem , doctors placed two stents in his coronary artery .
A stent is a wire mesh tube used to prop open an artery .
The insertion of two stents " makes him less susceptible to future heart attacks , " Schwartz said .
" His prognosis is excellent . "
The blockage was typical of the " natural history " of bypass treatment , which has a 10 to 20 percent failure rate five years after the surgery , according to Schwartz .
" This was not a result of his lifestyle or diet , which have been excellent , " he said , adding that Clinton is " in excellent condition , as evidenced both by what he does and objective testing . "
The former president 's counselor , Douglas Band , released a statement Thursday saying that Clinton , currently the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , is in " good spirits and will continue to focus on the work of his foundation and Haiti 's relief and long - term recovery efforts . "
Clinton 's doctor described the ex-president as " up and walking around and visiting with his family , " adding that the former president probably will be able to go back to work on Monday .
" The goal of the treatment ... is for President Clinton to resume his very active lifestyle , " he said .
ABC News ' chief political correspondent George Stephanopoulos , who once worked for Clinton in the White House , noted Clinton 's non-stop work ethic and said the former president has worked " 20 hours a day for the last 20 years . "
Clinton 's daughter Chelsea and his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , both were by the former president 's bed , according to Schwartz .
Sources told ABC News that Secretary Clinton was " very concerned when told about the president , given his heart history " and that it made everyone " very nervous . "
Her husband had his 2004 bypass operation at the same hospital .
Secretary Clinton 's planned departure Friday for a trip to Qatar and Saudi Arabia has been delayed , a U.S official told ABC News .
Bill Clinton Had Quadruple Bypass in 2004
An official told ABC News that Clinton 's ailment seemed more like " discomfort ... something was n't right " rather than a health " crisis . "
A friend of the former president 's said that he had been suffering from a cold and had been worn out from his trip to Haiti on Feb .
5 . Another source who was with Clinton in Haiti told ABC News that he " looked really tired , exhausted and pale ... like he did n't sleep at all " during the Haiti trip .
It was Clinton 's second trip to Haiti since the January earthquake , and as the United Nations special envoy for Haiti he met with Haitian leaders and helped coordinate international quake assistance .
Clinton , known for having a weakness for fast food during his years in the White House , underwent his complicated bypass procedure on Sept. 6 , 2004 , after an angiogram showed that his heart had multiple lesions .
Clinton had taken himself to a hospital in Westchester , N.Y. , a few days earlier after experiencing mild chest pain and shortness of breath .
The then - Sen . Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , was at the New York State Fair in Syracuse , N.Y. , when she learned of her husband 's condition and immediately rushed to his side .
" His doctors asked him to come back early this morning for some additional tests , and as a result of those additional tests … they did advise him to have bypass surgery and to do it as soon as he could , " Hillary Clinton said .
" He 's in excellent hands and he's at one of the best hospitals in the world . "
Clinton Saw ' Visions of Death ' During First Surgery
In Clinton 's first interview after his surgery , he told ABC's Diane Sawyer that he had visions that " clearly connoted death " while he was on the operating table .
" I saw like dark masks crushing , like death masks being crushed , in series , and then I 'd see these great circles of light and then like Hillary 's picture or Chelsea 's face would appear on the light , and then they 'd fly off into the dark , " he told Sawyer .
Clinton added , " I 'll never get tired of living .
But I think it 's a great waste of time to sit around in morbid fear of a fate that we all have to share . "
In spring 2005 , Clinton told ABC News that even after two surgeries , he " feels great . "
" The pain is gone , " said Clinton .
" I can now pretty well do whatever I need to do . "
Clinton underwent an additional surgery in March 2005 to remove scar tissue that had developed after the quadruple bypass surgery .
During a humanitarian trip to Liberia
In 2008 , Clinton said his " heart thing " had helped to " really change me . "
" I think surviving that heart thing and then doing this work and being so inspired by people like this has really changed me , in a way , " he told ABC News .
ABC News ' Martha Raddatz and Kate Snow contributed to this report
foreign currencies ( forex ) , could be the ideal career if you have what
it takes to be successful standing toe to toe with the world 's largest
financial institutions and the world 's most successful traders .
Work from home ( imagine the world 's shortest commute ! ) or
anywhere else you have an internet connection .
Set your own work
hours -- there is an active market up and running somewhere in the
world almost any time of day or night .
Be your own boss -- you call
the shots and do n't have to answer to anybody but yourself for the
outcome .
Start with relatively little capital and keep your current job
while you hone your skills .
Learn from the masters -- there is a ton of
free information available for you to digest before you need to spend
a dime on more specific and in - depth training .
Caution !
Making a living by trading is SIMPLE , but it is NOT EASY !
You should understand that you will be your own worst enemy in your
stock trading business .
You should spend at least several months trading in a demo account
or paper trading on your own ( be aware , though , that it is just as
easy to cheat in paper trading as it is in solitaire -- be honest about
your results or the market will hand you your head when you put real
money on the line ! ) .
Understand that futures , forex , and stock trading are not a way to get
rich quick -- successful trading requires time and patience and
discipline .
If you are desperate for income , get a real job to cover
your needs while you study the markets -- begin trading with a
system that allows you to place orders outside your job 's work hours
and do n't quit your day job and attempt day trading until you master
stock market investing basics on longer time frames .
Enjoy Your Search and Happy Trading !!
Trading in any liquid market , such as stocks or commodity futures orforeign currencies ( forex ) , could be the ideal career if you have whatit takes to be successful standing toe to toe with the world 's largestfinancial institutions and the world 's most successful traders .
Work from home ( imagine the world 's shortest commute ! ) oranywhere else you have an internet connection .
Set your own workhours -- there is an active market up and running somewhere in theworld almost any time of day or night .
Be your own boss -- you callthe shots and do n't have to answer to anybody but yourself for theoutcome .
Start with relatively little capital and keep your current jobwhile you hone your skills .
Learn from the masters -- there is a ton offree information available for you to digest before you need to spenda dime on more specific and in - depth training .
Caution !
Making a living by trading is SIMPLE , but it is NOT EASY !
You should understand that you will be your own worst enemy in yourstock trading business .
You should spend at least several months trading in a demo accountor paper trading on your own ( be aware , though , that it is just aseasy to cheat in paper trading as it is in solitaire -- be honest aboutyour results or the market will hand you your head when you put realmoney on the line ! ) .
Understand that futures , forex , and stock trading are not a way to getrich quick -- successful trading requires time and patience anddiscipline .
If you are desperate for income , get a real job to coveryour needs while you study the markets -- begin trading with asystem that allows you to place orders outside your job 's work hoursand do n't quit your day job and attempt day trading until you masterstock market investing basics on longer time frames .
Enjoy Your Search and Happy Trading !!
Imagine a world where sunlight can be captured to produce electricity anywhere , on any surface .
The makers of thin - film flexible solar cells imagine that world too .
But a big problem has been the amount of silicon needed to harvest a little sunshine .
Now , researchers [ led by Harry A. Atwater ] at Caltech say they ’ve designed a device * that gets comparable solar absorption while using just one percent of the silicon per unit area that current solar cells need .
The work was published in the journal Nature Materials .
The research team tried silicon wire arrays instead of traditional silicon panels .
These wires have been shown to do a good job converting sunlight to usable energy on the nanoscale .
But the scientists had to create wires a thousand times longer .
Light bounces around within the wires and is eventually absorbed when it hits at the correct angle .
But there was a problem : too much light was leaking out .
Adding nanoparticles of alumina kept much more of the light scattering until it got absorbed .
The result is a system that virtually matches silicon wafer light absorption and may be more efficient at converting light to electricity , while using a tiny fraction of the material .
— Cynthia Graber
[ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
For more , check out the article Photovoltaic Breakthroughs Brighten Outlook for Cheap Solar Power
[ Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . ]
* Clarification ( 2/16/10 ) : The Caltech scientists did not invent a “ device ” in the common sense .
They designed a material that absorbs virtually equivalent numbers of photons , yet requires only a tiny percentage of the silicon found in traditional solar cells .
One of Pakistan ’s top courts has blocked the extradition of five senior Afghan Taliban commanders to Afghanistan , the United States , or any other country .
The Lahore High Court has prohibited the Pakistani government from transferring Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , the Afghan Taliban ’s second in command , and four other members of the Quetta Shura to foreign custody after receiving a petition from a lawyer with known links to the Taliban and al Qaeda .
Over the past two months , Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency , aided by the CIA , has detained Mullah Baradar ; Maulvi Abdul Kabir , the leader of the Peshawar Regional Military Shura ; Mullah Abdul Salam , the shadow governor of Kunduz ; Mullah Mir Mohammed , the shadow governor of Baghlan province ; and Mohammed Younis , the former shadow governor of Zabul province , during raids throughout the country .
Today the Lahore High Court blocked the transfer of Baradar and the four other senior Afghan Taliban leaders after receiving a petition from Khalid Khawaja , a self - described humans rights activist with deep ties to the Taliban , al Qaeda , and a host of terrorist groups operating on Pakistani soil .
Khawaja is a former Squadron Commander in the Pakistani Air Force who fought alongside al Qaeda and reportedly Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in the 1980s .
He has also been linked to the murder of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl .
In his petition to the Lahore High Court , Khawaja said that the “ the detention of the six [ sic ] persons mentioned above is without lawful authority , in an unlawful manner and of no legal effect . ”
[ See Threat Matrix report , “ Khawaja ’s petition blocks extradition of Mullah Baradar ” for the full text of his petition to the Lahore High Court ]
Khawaja also stated that Bahadar and his deputies “ are presumed to be innocent ” and that they represent the legitimate government of Afghanistan .
“ [ T ] hey being party in the Taliban Government and having some governing position in the Government may not be considered to be offenders , ” Khawaja ’s petition read .
Khawaja also launched into conspiracy theories alleging that the US desired to “ to rule over the whole world ” and “ overcome Muslims . ”
The Lahore High Court has ruled in the favor of terror groups in the past .
In June of 2009 , the court ordered Hafiz Saeed , the leader of the Lashkar - e - Taiba and its successor front group Jamaat - ud - Dawa , to be released from house arrest .
In October 2009 , the court said the government has no legal standing to place Jamaat - ud - Dawa on the list of banned terror groups and dismissed charges against Saeed .
Lashkar - e - Taiba , Jamaat - ud - Dawa , and Saeed have been directly implicated by the US and India in carrying out the November 2009 terror assault in Mumbai , India .
In that attack , more than 170 people were killed and the Lashkar - e - Taiba assault teams were able to shut down the city for more than 60 hours .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
That default would be one of the first tremors of an earthquake about to roil financial markets : a commercial real - estate crisis mirroring the catastrophe in the residential market .
October brought both the Stuy Town deal ’s first death rattle and the bankruptcy of the real - estate financier Capmark .
As annual bank failures topped 100 for the first time in almost two decades , Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chair Sheila Bair fretted over the threat posed to lenders by losses linked to hotels , malls , and condominiums .
But even as this new impending crisis unsettles commercial lenders and borrowers , the story of its origins can shed new light on how we got into this larger financial mess in the first place .
Commercial mortgage lenders basically have to worry about two kinds of default risk : cash - flow risk , and asset - price risk .
Cash - flow risk is what happens to homeowners when the primary breadwinner becomes unemployed , and to landlords or hotel owners when rental prices plummet .
Since commercial tenants typically sign relatively long leases , this problem tends to grow slowly except in hotels — and , apparently , in rent - controlled properties with litigious tenants .
But the risk posed by falling asset prices is a big problem for commercial landlords , and for their bankers .
The value of much commercial real estate is tightly linked to employment — if employers do n’t have bodies to put at desks , they do n’t need more rooms to put the desks in .
With unemployment north of 10 percent , and retail suffering , the nation ’s stock of commercial real estate is suddenly less valuable than it used to be .
In some ways , price declines are a bigger problem for landlords than for homeowners .
Unless forced to move , homeowners with long - term mortgages who make enough to cover their payments can sit tight and hope the market recovers .
Landlords , however , typically take out commercial loans for shorter terms of three to 10 years .
In normal times , landlords coming to the end of a mortgage simply roll the debt over into a new loan .
But collapsing asset values have wreaked havoc on this process .
Now , as loans come up for renewal , lenders have to reassess how much credit they ’re willing to extend .
Take a property that was worth $ 100 million in 2007 , when it was financed with a four - year , $ 70 million mortgage .
That ’s a reasonably conservative 70 percent loan - to - value ( LTV ) ratio .
But if the building is worth only $ 70 million when it ’s time to roll the loan over , keeping the LTV at 70 percent means that the owners can now borrow only $ 49 million , and have to come up with tens of millions to pay off the original loan .
Worse , as the markets tighten , lenders tend to want to see a lower LTV in the deals they finance .
That suggests that a lot of commercial loans are going to go bad .
According to Joseph Gyourko , a Wharton real - estate professor , at least $ 250 billion worth of commercial loans are going to roll over in each of the next few years .
When they do , many landlords will probably be caught short — and so will their bankers .
Although most U.S. residential mortgages were bundled into mortgage - backed securities , only a fraction of commercial mortgages were securitized .
Some bank or finance company still carries the rest on its books and will have to write them down if they ca n’t be rolled over ; some of those banks will ultimately have to be taken over by the FDIC .
As the banks ’ loan portfolios are sold off , the write - downs of the underlying collateral will give bank examiners a new , lower reference price for the collateral held by other banks , possibly tipping those banks into insolvency as well .
You get the picture .
The rules on when bikes are classed as legitimate luggage seem to be in a bit of a spin
Could the passenger who has left a folding bicycle in carriage D please make themselves known as the bicycle is being removed from the train as it is causing a blockage !
This excited request came over the PA system this week on a severely overcrowded InterCity train I was travelling on , after some passengers had got off at one of the stops .
Although the bike was folded , and smaller than many of the suitcases blocking doorways all along the train , I watched ( in impotent commuter - sheep mode ) as it was duly ejected , and two police officers were called when the owner asked for a second opinion .
" The bicycle was illegal , it was causing a blockage , " the train manager announced to the multitude when the train finally moved off again .
As discussed previously on this blog , cycling provision on trains varies around the country , and according to the time of day .
The same varying provision for bikes affects trams too .
The official line of First Great Western , whose service this was , is that " Cycles are welcome on our trains ... we encourage the use of folding bikes which can be easily taken on board trains . "
The company says non-folding bikes can be refused if the dedicated spaces for them are taken – in the guard 's van on an InterCity .
But " folding cycles can be carried without charge on any service at any time " .
Which is good .
But in the cut - and - thrust of a crowded train , it can be slightly different .
Train staff do n't stop people boarding when all seats are taken , and I 've yet to see someone being asked to move a suitcase away from an exit .
But folding bikes seem to tweak the nose of power .
They need to behave .
Any trouble and they 're out .
In the days when I used to take an Airnimal folder on my commute , it needed to be very neatly stowed in the luggage rack to avoid the attentions of some staff , who suspected it of being an ordinary bike trying to trick its way into the train .
It raised an interesting ontological question .
How long does a bike 's edgy , authority - challenging bikeyness survive ?
Is it still essentially a bike after it 's folded ?
According to the incident I witnessed this week , it is .
What if it has n't got its wheels attached ?
What if it 's in a suitcase ?
Completely dismantled ?
Or melted down ?
In western democracies like the UK , the USA and Canada , the role of the supreme court can be revealing .
Constitutionally , it is straightforward enough – the court lays down the law , and the other civil institutions listen carefully and respond .
But this can be stressful for the institutions and the politicians who inhabit them .
A politician 's ears must be exquisitely attuned to every subtle harmony in the symphony of power ; a supreme court decision can burst through the music like a jack hammer starting up in the lobby .
How institutions respond to that kind of stress can reveal the political and cultural peculiarities of the democracies involved .
Three recent cases show just how peculiar a political culture can get .
Last week , barely 100 days into its existence , the supreme court of the UK ( SCUK ) demonstrated that it well knew its proper place in the political pecking order .
In one of its first judgments , on the Treasury 's precipitate freeze of bank accounts belonging to several terrorism suspects , the court used words like " paralysing " , " draconian " and " unrestrained encroachments on personal liberty " to describe the actions , when chancellor , of the man who is now the UK 's supreme elected official , Gordon Brown .
The Treasury responded immediately , with the announcement that it would introduce " fast - track " legislation to remedy the situation – and allow it to keep doing legally what the court decreed it was doing illegally .
It goes to show who is in charge .
When the supreme court says " Jump ! " , the government might not ask " How high ? " – but they do run and get a ladder .
Similarly last month , the supreme court of the United States ( Scotus ) overturned not only a century of legislation designed to limit corporate money in federal elections , but several of its own precedents as well .
The decision was harshly criticised , even within Scotus itself .
Justice John Paul Stevens , dissenting from the bare 5 - 4 majority , described his colleagues ' arguments as " backwards " , " incorrect " and " a rejection of common sense " – in legal circles , the sort of language that might have provoked gunplay in the Republic 's more virile days .
Even Obama attacked the court smack in the middle of his state of the union address , an unusually combative move .
And in Congress , Barney Frank , chairman of the house financial services committee , and Chris Dodd , chairman of the Senate banking committee , began talking of ways to counter the potentially disastrous effects of the decision on the American electoral process .
Here again , it 's a supreme court .
Congress may disagree with it .
The president may complain about it .
But nobody suggests that the government could just flat - out ignore it .
For that , we go to Canada .
The supreme court of Canada ( SCOC ) last week announced its decision in the case of a young Canadian citizen , Omar Khadr , who has been a prisoner of the US military at Guantánamo Bay for the past eight years since he was 15 years old .
The Canadian government had appealed the decision of a lower court , which had ordered the government to request Khadr 's repatriation from the Americans – as the British and Australian governments did years ago .
( The last British prisoner at Guantánamo was repatriated in 2005 . )
Khadr has never been convicted of any crime .
In a unanimous ruling , SCOC agreed with the lower court on every major point – that the government had denied Khadr 's constitutional rights , shirked its own international obligations , and defied the principles of fundamental justice .
The court insisted that the government is obligated to rectify this compounded perfidy , but stopped short of ordering it to request repatriation , or ordering any other specific policy step – in effect , demanding that the government come up with its own plan to fix the mess it 's made .
Yet the Canadian government , bewilderingly , declared victory .
The minister of justice released a statement of under 100 words , claiming the court had " ruled that the government is not required to ask for accused terrorist Omar Khadr 's return to Canada " .
As for what the court did say the government is required to do , well , there was n't space to go into that .
And since the Canadian government has already placed its parliament on temporary redundancy , there 'll be no irksome questions in the House , either .
Three different supreme courts – three very different political and cultural responses .
The British seek accommodation ; the Americans slug it out .
The Canadians simply pretend nothing happened .
In our shared form of democracy , the court may be the highest legal authority in the land .
But in Canada , a bland indifference reigns supreme .
Dog Kennels - Hurry !
Clearance Ends Sunday
41 % OFF 39 % OFF 39 % OFF 40 % OFF 39 % OFF 41 % OFF 40 % OFF 41 % OFF 38 % OFF 41 % OFF 42 % OFF 40 % OFF 39 % OFF 29 % OFF
Dog Kennels For Sale
Our dog kennels are built to withstand the harshest of Australian weather year round .
Not only will your dog kennel endure the elements , it will compliment any style of landscape and maintain its functionality .
Quality dog kennels are an investment in your dog ’s health and happiness .
You ’ll have the peace of mind of knowing that your special family member is safe and sound when not sitting by your side .
That ’s a lot of quality health care for a lot of Americans right there .
After all , most of the profits generate by Wall Street were from taxpayer money .
There is a serious problem with priorities among the political class of America .
They ’re every bit as guilty as Wall Street .
If this is the best they can do , it ’s no wonder people are so tuned out of this sorry excuse for a system .
Elections happen and parties change but somehow it ’s always the same .
Employees at Wall Street financial firms collected more than $ 20 billion in bonuses in 2009 , the year after taxpayers bailed out the financial sector amid the economic meltdown , New York state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said Tuesday .
The payouts were about 17 percent higher than the previous year ’s bonuses .
Total compensation at the largest securities firms grew beyond that figure and profits could surpass what he calls an unprecedented $ 55 billion last year , DiNapoli said .
That ’s nearly three times Wall Street ’s record increase , a rate of growth that is boosted in part by the record losses in 2008 of nearly $ 43 billion , the Democrat said .
“ Wall Street is vital to New York ’s economy , and the dollars generated by the industry help the state ’s bottom line , ” said DiNapoli .
“ But for most Americans , these huge bonuses are a bitter pill and hard to comprehend .
…
Taxpayers bailed them out , and now they ’re back making money while many New York families are still struggling to make ends meet . ”
Hjelper mot alt fra hovne bihuler til kreft .
NAVs medisinske forskerteam har utarbeidet en mirakelkur mot de fleste sykdommer nordmenn lider av .
Resepten er like enkel som den er genial : Hver 14 .
dag skal sykemeldte fylle ut et meldekort til NAV .
– Gjennom faste rutiner vil de syke rutine seg friske .
Dette vil hjelpe mot alt fra hovne bihuler til kreft , sier NAV - forsker Gustav Øyjorden .
Tankeeksperimenter som NAV har gjennomført viser at rutiner er den beste måten å bli frisk på .
Håpet er også at rutinekravene vil styrke selve NAV - institusjonen .
– Rutinemessig egenrapportering fra brukerne , vil gjøre at NAV også utvikler rutiner , noe vi sårt trenger .
I det minste tror vi at sterkere kontroll av syke , vil veie opp for manglende kontroll innad i NAV , forklarer Øyjorden .
Meldekortet kan enkelt fylles ut på nettet .
For dem som ikke har tilgang til nett , har NAV planen klar :
– Syke som ikke har nett kan skaffe seg nett .
Dette vil gi incentiv til å komme seg opp av sykesengen , og ut i butikken .
Spesielt mange sterkt funksjonshemmede trenger sterke incentiver til å holde seg i aktivitet .
 An attempt to quell racial tensions at UC San Diego fell short today .
Hundreds of minority students walked out of a " teach in " organized by university officials .
Several hundred students wore black T - shirts and held their fists in the air as they marched into UCSD 's main campus auditorium for the teach - in .
The event was the university 's response to the spate of racially charged incidents on campus .
Officials were hoping the teach - in would help begin the healing process .
In fact , Black Student Union Leader Fnann Keflezighi was invited to speak .
She called on students to walkout of the room an hour into the event .
“ We want to walk out of this university sponsored teach - in because a teach - in is not what is needed right now , ” Keflezighi told the crowded auditorium .
“ Right now real action is needed .
So please join me in our teach - in and follow me to march out of this room . ”
Minority students leaders want administrators to implement a list of 32 demands immediately .
They want officials to fix what they call a racial state of emergency .
Students say the racially derogatory incidents speak to a larger problem of institutional racism on campus .
Related
UCSD Students Say Deeper Racism Exists On Campus
UCSD Students Blast Chancellor Over Racially Charged Incidents
NAACP Speaks Out Against UCSD ' Compton Cookout ' Party
UCSD Party Called Horrible Act Of Racism
FEATURED PODCAST KPBS ' daily news podcast covering local politics , education , health , environment , the border and more .
New episodes are ready weekday mornings so you can listen on your morning commute .
Sign up for Today 's Top Stories newsletter Need help keeping up with the news that matters most ?
Get the day 's top news — ranging from local to international — straight to your inbox each weekday morning .
Enter your email address
To view PDF documents , Download Acrobat Reader .
" Lucifer " in Isaiah 14:12-17
Translation and Ideology Dennis Bratcher
The name Lucifer has often been understood to be another name for the devil or the satan .
This identification has a long history in the church , going back to at least the fourth century .
Its origin is actually from a passage in the Old Testament from the book of Isaiah that , to some , speaks of a being cast out of heaven because of pride .
Since some people see a reference to the devil being cast out of heaven in the New Testament ( Rev 12:9 - 12 ; cf. Lk 10:18 ) , they assumed that the Isaiah passage referred to the same thing .
The passage ( NRSV ) : 14:12
How you are fallen from heaven , O Day Star , son of Dawn !
How you are cut down to the ground , you who laid the nations low !
13
You said in your heart , ‘ I will ascend to heaven ; above the stars of God I will set my throne on high ; I will sit on the mount of assembly in the far north ; 14 I will ascend above the heights of the clouds , I will make myself like the Most High . ’
15
But you are brought down to Sheol , to the depths of the Pit. 16 Those who see you will stare at you , and ponder over you : ‘ Is this the man who made the earth tremble , who shook kingdoms , 17 who made the world like a desert and overthrew its cities , who did not let his prisoners go home ? ’
In the King James translation , verse 12 reads :
How art thou fallen from heaven , O Lucifer , son of the morning !
How art thou cut down to the ground , which didst weaken the nations !
Here is where we find the name Lucifer .
The term Lucifer was popularized in English from this King James translation .
However , the name does not come from the Hebrew or even from the Greek translation ( Septuagint ) , but from the fourth century AD Latin translation of this verse : quomodo cecidisti de caelo lucifer qui mane oriebaris corruisti in terram qui vulnerabas gentes .
But this is not quite as obvious as it sounds even in Latin .
The term Lucifer in fourth century Latin was a name for Venus , especially as the morning star .
The Latin word Lucifer is composed of two words : lux , or in the genitive form used lucis , ( meaning " light " ) and ferre , which means " to bear " or " to bring . "
So , the word Lucifer means bearer of light .
The same word is used in other places in the Latin Vulgate to translate Hebrew terms that mean " bright , " especially associated with the sky : Job 11:17 :
And your life will be brighter than the noonday ; its darkness will be like the morning .
2 Peter 1:19 : You will do well to pay attention to this as to a lamp shining in a dark place , until the day dawns and the morning star rises in your hearts .
This reflects how the Latin word Lucifer was used in classic Roman poetry , such as this passage from Virgil ( Georgics , III , 324-325 ) : Luciferi primo cum sidere frigida rura
carpamus , dum mane novum , dum gramina canent Let us hasten , when first the Morning Star appears ,
To the cool pastures , while the day is new , while the grass is dewy .
The term also occurs in the plural ( luciferum ) in Job 38:32 to refer to an astral constellation .
Other forms of the word are used in similar ways to refer to light or the stars .
This reflects the Greek ( Septuagint ) translation ’s use of heosphoros , " morning star " to translate the Hebrew of Isaiah 14:12 .
There is some debate about the exact origin of the original Hebrew word in Isaiah 14:12 ( helel ) .
The strongest possibility is that it comes from a verbal root that means " to shine brightly , " as well as " to offer praise " ( where we get the phrase hallelu yah ) .
In any case , the noun form is the Hebrew term for the morning star , in most cases the planet Venus .
Both the second century BC Greek translation in the Septuagint , and the fourth century AD Latin translation in the Latin Vulgate understand this to be the meaning of the Hebrew word helel .
So , how did we get from Venus , the morning star , to Lucifer being associated with the devil , especially since that term is used in positive ways even in the New Testament ?
Well , if we begin with some New Testament passages and incorrectly assume that using the New Testament along with a lot of accumulated tradition is the best way to interpret the Old Testament , then add some of our assumptions , it is not a long trip at all .
In 2 Corinthians 11:14 , Paul writes about false apostles :
And no wonder , for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light .
And in Luke 10:18 - 19 , at the return of the 70 as they comment on their success , Jesus says :
And he said to them , " I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven .
Behold , I have given you authority to tread upon serpents and scorpions , and over all the power of the enemy ; and nothing shall hurt you . "
So , without ever stopping to examine either of those passages to see what was being said in them , and what was meant by the references , we could conclude that the devil / the satan is somehow associated with light and the sky .
If we then add the passage from Revelation 12 about the devil / satan / red dragon / serpent the symbols begin to run together , again before we have done any real study on any of these passages separately to see what each of them is saying .
In Revelation 12 the red dragon with seven heads appears in the sky , and his tail sweeps down a third of the stars to earth , and is then later cast down to the earth along with his angels .
Of course , at this point , a great many assumptions are introduced into the reading even of the Revelation passage , even though this is obviously extremely figurative language ; we just assume what it means .
By adding these three passages together without regard to context , and read them as if they were all speaking in the same way about the same thing to make the same point , we can conclude that we have here a jigsaw picture of a long ago historical event described in great detail ( but of course we have to put the pieces together from various bits scattered through literature written 800 years apart ! ) .
Then , if we take that assumption about the meaning of all these texts , and the assumption that adding texts together is the way to understand them ( a drastic perversion of the " Scripture interprets Scripture " principle ! ) , and bring that back to the Isaiah text , then it is very easy to reach the conclusion that Isaiah is also describing the same event .
There are similar metaphors of light , stars , conflict , and being cast down .
Earlier translations ( KJV ) mistakenly took the Hebrew term sheol in verse 15 as " hell " ( in Hebrew it is simply the place where the dead go , a metaphor for death , specifically burial ; see Sheol , Hell , and the Dead ) , which is another piece of the puzzle .
So of course , since there is no mention of the " devil " or the " satan " in Isaiah , " Lucifer " must be the name Isaiah uses for him !
So , Isaiah is talking about the devil being cast out of heaven !
This is the position that prevailed throughout much of the history of the church until the time of the Reformation and the Enlightenment , when we began asking more direct questions of the biblical text .
We also gained more information in new archaeological discoveries of ancient civilizations , including thousands of tablets from Mesopotamia giving us a great deal of information about ancient Mesopotamian and Babylonian religion .
We learned that Babylonian religion was an astral religion , closely related to Canaanite practices , although more focused on the sun , moon , and stars and their motion than on the immediate cycles of nature as it was in Canaan .
The Babylonians worshipped as gods the manifestations of celestial bodies .
It is from Babylon that we get the signs of the Zodiac representing the constellations .
We now know that the two terms used in the Hebrew text of Isaiah , Helel , morning star , and Shahar , dawn , were Babylonian astral deities ( which is reflected in most modern translations ) .
Now , if we look at the text of Isaiah 14 in context , and without the assumptions we brought to it from the New Testament , the meaning of the passage becomes more obvious and goes a radically different direction .
The book of Isaiah has spent the first chapters denouncing the sins of Israel and its failure to be God ’s people .
There have also been expectations that God will work in new ways in the life of the nation to help them recover their mission as God ’s people .
One of those ways would be through a new king to replace the corrupt Ahaz .
Because of his pro-Assyrian policies , the nation was teetering upon the brink of catastrophe as Assyria expanded to the West ( see Assyrian Dominance ) .
Isaiah 13 begins a long section of the book known as " Oracles Against Foreign Nations . "
This is a standardized format in the prophets for universalizing responsibility to God .
Not only Israel , but all nations , were accountable to God and would fall under the same judgment Israel would .
As is typical in other prophetic books ( Amos , Jeremiah , Ezekiel ) not all of these oracles come from the same time period as Isaiah of Jerusalem , but they do follow a similar pattern and serve the same function in the book .
Isaiah 13 is part of the oracle directed against Babylon , probably from a time after the Exile .
In very flowery , poetic , and highly figurative language , Babylon is denounced for her arrogance and lack of concern for other nations as she built her empire .
It is interesting that in 13:10 , specific mention is made of the failure of the Babylonian gods ( constellations , sun , moon ) to help them when God calls then to accountability .
Chapter 14 then begins with the promise of Israel ’s return from Babylonian exile , a theme that dominates the middle section of Isaiah ( 40 - 55 ) .
Part of that return would involve the downfall of the tyrant king of Babylon ( v. 4 ; probably Nebuchadrezzer ; for the same language used of a later Babylonian ruler , Belshazzar , see Dan 5:20 ) .
In that context , verses 12 - 21 are a poetic picture of that downfall .
Helel , morning star , and Shahar , dawn , then , are references to the Babylonian gods who could not save the king , and are themselves to be cast down .
In fact , there is probably a reference here to the habit of ancient Near Eastern kings proclaiming themselves incarnations of the gods ; with the fall of the kings , the gods also fell , often physically as the images that represented them were pulled down and destroyed ( recall the symbolism of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein 's statue in Baghdad ) .
So , the Isaiah passage does not connect , either historically or theologically , with the New Testament passages about the devil or the satan .
By listening to the Old Testament passage on its own terms within its own context , we discover that Lucifer is not an Old Testament name for the devil or the satan .
The passage in Isaiah 14:12 - 17 is directed at the downfall of the arrogant Babylonian rulers who took Israel into exile .
By beginning with the New Testament , by making assumptions not supported by a closer examination of Scripture itself , and by using external theological categories as a lens through which to read Scripture , we may end up badly misreading Isaiah .
- Dennis Bratcher , Copyright © 2018 , Dennis Bratcher , All Rights Reserved
See Copyright and User Information Notice
When maintaining a cluster environment ( such as HP Serviceguard ) there are often directories and configurations which need to be maintained on two different local disks ( on different machines ) .
Using make and rsync ( with ssh ) are excellent for this .
The rsync command allows you to replicate the local data onto the remote side copying only that which is necessary .
This is not necessarily the fastest , but it is the most efficient : rsync was designed for efficiency over slow links , not speed over high speed links .
Configure rsync to use ssh encryption automatically in the Makefile , then use rsync as the way to copy the files over :
RSYNC_RSH=/usr/bin/ssh -i /path/to/mykey rsync - av $ ( LOCAL_FILES ) remoteserver : $( PWD )
To automate this properly , an ssh key will have to be created using keygen and transfered to the other host .
The private key ( / path / to / mykey in this example ) is used by ssh in the background during rsync processing ; with the key in place , no interactive login is necessary .
For best purposes , create an “ all ” tag ( at the top of the file ) that explains the usable tags , and create a “ copy ” tag that does the relevant rsync .
I recommend copying only relevant files , not the entire directory : this way , some files can be retained only on one node – this is good for log files and for temporary files .
For example :
LOCAL_FILES=*.pkg *.ctl *.m4 RSYNC_RSH=/usr/bin/ssh
- i / path / to/ mykey all : echo " To copy files , use the copy tag ... " copy : rsync - av $ ( LOCAL_FILES ) remserver : $( PWD )
Make sure to verify the code before you use it in normal operation .
Use the rsync option -n to perform a dry run which affects nothing .
Also make sure that you do n’t update files on different hosts ; things might get interesting ( and unfortunate … )
After performing the update , the Makefile can trigger a reconfiguration or a reload of the daemons to put the configuration in place .
Hi ,
people that know me , probably also know that I have founded a so called hackerspace in my local town last year .
Actually , I founded it with my good friend Albert Frisch , and with all the help from my friends and family .
Before I go into what a hackerspace actually is , I will explain why we decided that we absolutely need to have one , and therefore started that effort .
It all started out with my working on my own Open Source Video Editing Software .
Which was actually inspired by my bodybuilding and weightlifting brother doing amateur movie projects , and myself being quite a Linux enthusiast and running a local Linux User Group .
But I digress , my involvement into the Linux Video Community brought me one day to the Piksel Festival for Open Source and electronic arts .
There I made a couple of quite life changing experiences .
You might have never been to an arts festival like this , so I have to try my best to describe what I experienced there .
However , I am afraid to really make sense of it , you have to experience this yourself .
When you bring a number of very creative people from all over the world into one place , and they all mingle , work concurrently on all kinds of ideas , play , experiment , etc. something special happens .
You have to imagine , artists can be quite open about what they are doing , and they are not afraid to try all kinds of things that might be dangerous , pointless , useless , interesting , fun , chaotic , complex , indecipherable , etc .
For example , there is the practice of “ circuit bending ” , which is taking apart electronic toys , essentially destroying them , and trying to connect cables that were n’t meant to be connected , just to find out , what sounds it might make .
And now imagine a whole festival where everyone is interacting and participating , doing stuff you are not ought to do .
This creates kind of a bubble , a little place where everything is possible , where everything is allowed .
Nobody is afraid anymore of screwing up , because essentially everyone else is screwing up already .
This is a very good feeling , and it is an atmosphere where things just start to happen .
So I started thinking , determined to take that good feeling home with me , and share it with everyone I know .
And I realized that there are actually places where people that are coming to events like Piksel gather .
There are media labs , and artists workshops and communities all around the globe .
And the Hackerspace Zeitsparwerk is the result of that determination , its our little bubble of freedom and unlimited creativity .
Here is a video where I demonstrate a climbing wall that was built in our hackerspace :
Have fun
Cheers
- Richard
[ [ nid :8477 ] ]
Today the President did something unusual in American politics – initiated an open dialogue with members of the opposite party .
Visiting the House Republican retreat , he took questions on anything they wanted to talk about .
He heard them out , acknowledged where they were right , and gave a genuine explanation where he felt they were wrong .
It 's worth noting that the President is looking to answer your questions as well .
That 's why immediately after the State of the Union , we partnered with YouTube to give you an opportunity to ask questions of the President .
Go and ask whatever you want , or just vote on other questions that your fellow citizens have submitted , and the President will answer some of those questions in a unique live event on Monday at WhiteHouse.gov .
Both Italy and Russia have declined to launch Iranian satellites in the past , and Western governments bristled at today 's launch as advanced rocketry is n't something the United States and her allies like to see in the hands of a diplomatically hostile state -- one that may or may not be enriching weapons grade uranium .
Iranian authorities did not disclose the nature of the research or the purpose of launching live animals aboard the craft , nor did they disclose the time and place of the launch .
The military - green surface - to - air missile truck that paraded the Kavoshgar - 3 around to dramatic music prior to lift - off likely did n't help Iran 's image either .
Surrogacy is a complicated subject , to say the least .
It involves many of the issues central to reproductive justice — bodily autonomy , a woman ’s right to abortion , definitions of parenthood , and custody of children .
It ’s also an option increasingly relied upon by gay couples — usually gay men — to create families .
It invariably brings up concerns about racial and economic justice when the majority of surrogates are low - income and many are women of color .
It ’s an issue on which few reproductive rights and justice groups are working on but one that deserves our close attention .
A change to this article was made on February 24 , 2010 at 12:05 pm EST to include the name of a colleague organization that collaborated in support of a bill cited in this article .
A second change was made to this article at 2:52 p.m. Friday , February 26th , 2010 to correct an error in the description of state laws governing surrogacy .
“ Surrogacy ” is a term used broadly to describe situations in which a woman is enlisted to carry a child for someone else , with the intent of giving custody over to the intended parent (s ) at the end of the pregnancy .
Surrogacy is a complicated subject , to say the least .
It involves many of the issues central to reproductive justice — bodily autonomy , a woman ’s right to abortion , definitions of parenthood , and custody of children .
It ’s also an option increasingly relied upon by gay couples — usually gay men — to create families .
It invariably brings up concerns about racial and economic justice when the majority of surrogates are low - income and many are women of color .
It ’s an issue on which few reproductive rights and justice groups are currently working but one that deserves our close attention .
The Current State of Surrogacy : Legal inconsistencies
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
A recent and closely - watched ruling on surrogacy by New Jersey Superior Court Judge Francis Schultz contributed to the hazy patchwork of court cases and legal precedence that guides how surrogacy is now dealt with in the United States .
The U.S. is one of the few countries worldwide to have neither federal laws nor federal legal precedent restricting surrogacy , making the ease of surrogacy arrangements relatively attractive for couples who can not bear children .
But the landscape is mixed .
Some states ’ laws and legal precedence completely contradict those of other states .
What has resulted is an entirely unregulated surrogacy industry , with the majority of activity occurring in the few extremely permissive states .
A total of 17 states plus the District of Columbia ( DC ) have laws regulating surrogacy in one way or another .
Ten states have laws allowing surrogacy under some circumstances , including Arkansas , Florida , Illinois , Nevada , New Hampshire , North Dakota , Texas , Utah , Virginia and Washington .
Six of those states limit compensation for surrogacy arrangements ; four require court approval .
Three states allow the surrogate time to change her mind or challenge the contract and six others require pre-screening for surrogates and intended parents .
Seven states and DC have laws that prohibit , penalize , or void surrogacy contracts .
The legislative regulations vary widely , but states that have no laws on the books can still regulate surrogacy via case law and legal precedent .
California is one of the most permissive surrogacy states , even though there is no legislation with regard to the practice .
New Jersey , on the other hand , is very unfriendly to surrogacy , also determined by legal precedent .
All the legal precedent that exists on the issue of surrogacy has come from a handful of cases where a dispute has arisen during a surrogacy agreement — often over the issue of custody of the resulting children .
The majority of these cases involve the disputes that arise when the women serving as surrogates decide to contest custody after the children are born .
The ruling by Judge Schultz dealt with just such an issue .
In 2005 , Angelia G. Robinson entered into a contractual agreement with her brother , Donald Robinson Hollingsworth and his spouse Sean Hollingsworth .
That agreement outlined what is referred to as gestational surrogacy — Robinson agreed to carry the pregnancy and then relinquish all parental rights for the child to her brother and his partner after the birth .
After arriving at this agreement , they proceeded with the implantation of an egg from an anonymous egg donor , fertilized by sperm from Sean Hollingsworth and then implanted in Ms. Robinson ’s uterus using invitro- fertilization .
The trio ended up in court when Robinson decided to file for custody of the twin girls she later delivered .
Surrogacy agreements like these rarely go to court , according to Raegan Rasnic , a family law , adoption and assisted reproduction lawyer in Washington State .
She explained that in situations where there is no compensation for the surrogacy — often known as “ altruistic ” or “ compassionate ” surrogacy — there is usually a relationship between the intended parents and the surrogate , which , in her view , mitigates the risk of disputes like the one in this New Jersey case .
The precedents set by the rare cases that do go to court make up the body of case law that affects the practice of surrogacy nationwide .
The 1986 “ Baby M ” case is perhaps the most famous surrogacy case , and one of the first to bring the issue into the public discourse .
Harold Cassidy , the same legal counsel used by Angelia Robinson in the case against her brother also brought this controversial case to trial in New Jersey .
In the Baby M case , Mary Beth Whitehead had agreed to serve as surrogate for a couple in exchange for compensation totaling $ 10,000 .
After she gave birth , Whitehead then decided to file for custody of Baby M , who had been created using Whitehead ’s egg and the sperm of the intended father , William Stern .
The judge in this case ruled that the surrogacy agreement they had signed was void — based on the argument that the contract was in conflict with existing public policy .
He stated , “ There are , in a civilized society , some things that money cannot buy . ”
Stern was nonetheless eventually given custody of Baby M , because in situations where these contracts are thrown out , the judge must rule for custody based on the “ best interest of the child , ” and the court deemed Stern best suited to be the custodial parent .
Some surrogacy advocates had hoped the most recent NJ case would provide the opportunity to revisit the Baby M decision and New Jersey ’s policy against surrogacy .
Former bioethics professor at Brown University Dr. Jacob Appel had hoped the ruling might look more like the 1990 California decision , Johnson v. Calvert .
In that case , the California Supreme Court granted custody to the intended parents in a gestational surrogacy custody dispute .
The Johnson case upheld the contract between surrogate and intended parents , and ruled that intent did matter in this situation .
Instead , Judge Schultz effectively upheld the original Baby M ruling , arguing that the fact that Robinson was only a gestational surrogate ( meaning the embryo was not created with her egg ) did not matter — the surrogacy contract is still considered void and Robinson is the legal mother of the twins .
A further case will decide who will be given custody .
This means surrogacy contracts , gestational or otherwise , have little hope of being honored in New Jersey , and couples will continue to seek out other jurisdictions that might look more favorably upon their arrangements .
Feminist Perspectives on Surrogacy
In addition to the legal complexity surrounding surrogacy , opinions about surrogacy vary widely .
There seems to be little consensus , even among feminists or the reproductive rights community , about the issue .
There are a number of questions at hand : whether surrogacy contracts should be upheld , whether compensation for the surrogate should be allowed , whether it matters where the eggs and sperm come from and who they belong to .
During the Baby M case , a group of well - known feminists , including Gloria Steinem and Betty Friedan , issued an amicus brief in 1987 in opposition to commercial surrogacy and surrogacy contracts .
According to the New York Times , the brief argued :
“ Legalizing a system that allows women , for a fee , to bear children for childless couples by being impregnated with the husband ’s sperm will lead to the exploitation of women , especially poorer ones , by more affluent couples .
” As technology develops , the ‘ surrogate ’ becomes a kind of reproductive technology laboratory , ” the brief states .
” In short , she has been dehumanized and has been reduced to a mere ‘ commodity ’ in the reproductive marketplace . ”
The foundation and individual signers also argue that surrogacy violates the relationship between a mother and child recognized by the Federal and state Constitutions , as well as state policy and laws ” prohibiting the trafficking in human lives , particularly the buying and selling of infants and children . ”
Barbara Katz Rothman , one of the original signers of the ‘ 87 amicus brief , states that her views have not changed .
She explained , “ If a woman is standing in front of me and is pregnant , the baby in her belly is hers .
It does n’t change depending on the sperm or eggs .
Every pregnant person is the mother of the baby in her body . ”
Katz - Rothman takes issue with the concept of surrogacy itself .
She explained , “ The language of surrogacy is wrong .
She is not a surrogate .
She is not standing in for someone else .
It ’s her baby .
If you want to make an adoption agreement , make an adoption agreement .
You ca n’t erase this woman like she does n’t count .
She ’s not substituting for the mother of that baby — she is the mother of that baby . ”
Katz Rothman ’s perspective gets to the heart of the matter — the real issue here is the definition of motherhood , and whether that definition can be altered by a legal contract .
Appel disagrees with Katz Rothman .
He believes legally prohibiting surrogacy , either commercial or altruistic , is sexist .
In an article in the Huffington Post responding to the recent NJ decision , he explained :
“ There are few occupations in the world for which either gender is uniquely qualified , yet , at least with our present technological limitations , serving as a surrogate fetal carrier is one of them .
One of the only others is serving as a sperm donor — and , while sperm donation may be controversial as it pertains to offspring , one never hears legislators or courts worried that male donors will be “ degraded ” by the process .
The double - standard is apparent . ”
Upon further investigation into the arguments made by the legal counsel for the surrogates and the judges involved in the NJ anti-surrogacy cases , Appel ’s argument of sexism appears to hold some weight .
Both Harold Cassidy , the lawyer in the Baby M and Robinson cases , and Judge Schultz are openly conservative .
Cassidy ’s other current legal work focuses on defending extremely anti-choice initiatives .
On Cassidy ’s website he describes himself :
“ Long known as an advocate and defender of the rights of pregnant mothers …he is widely recognized as the leading attorney in the nation in protecting pregnant mothers against the excesses and abuses of an abortion industry which violates the rights and interests of the women of the nation . ”
The connection between anti-surrogacy and anti-abortion movements is not limited to Cassidy ’s website and case history .
Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty , well known for his anti-choice views , vetoed legislation that would have legalized commercial surrogacy in the state .
Best Practices and Legislative Protections
In the fight against legalized commercial surrogacy , conservatives and anti-surrogacy feminists make unusual bedfellows .
However despite both groups ’ attempts to sway public opinion , as a practice surrogacy is gaining popularity in the US and has become much more socially acceptable than it was during the days of the Baby M case , according to Jessica Arons , Director of the Women ’s Health and Rights Program at the Center for American Progress .
In response to the increase in the practice , many lawyers and advocates who work on surrogacy issues remain neutral on the ethics of surrogacy , choosing instead to establish “ best practices ” for surrogacy agreements to ensure the rights of all parties are protected .
Kathryn Hinsch , founder and Board President of the Women ’s Bioethics Project ( WBP ) , is one of these advocates .
Her Washington State group considers itself to be “ solidly pro-choice with a critical optimism toward science . ”
WBP , in collaboration with Legal Voice , has been working with Representative Jamie Pederson a Washington state legislator who introduced a bill into the state Congress to legalize commercial surrogacy .
Pederson is a gay man who had children with a surrogate , but had to go to California due to Washington ’s laws .
While WBP has maintained a neutral position on the bill , they ’ve worked closely with Pederson to draft provisions within the proposed legislation , including : a requirement for robust informed consent , and a guarantee that surrogates could not be asked to give up their constitutionally protected reproductive rights and that no particular type of family would be discriminated against .
The legal , ethical , and public realm of surrogacy remains a murky landscape ever unfolding within courts and public opinion .
What is evident is that developments in reproductive technologies will continue to test the limits of our definitions of parenthood and autonomy in this increasingly complex landscape of reproduction .
It ’s clear that the reproductive justice movement has a stake in this conversation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Video footage purported to be of the Jordanian bomber who blew up seven CIA agents in Afghanistan has been broadcast on Pakistani and Arabic television .
The video shows a man alleged to be bomber Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al - Balawi , the Jordanian double agent and suicide bomber , explaining who he is and vowing revenge for Pakistani Taliban chief Baitullah Mehsud 's death .
Mehsud 's successor , Hakimullah Mehsud , appears to be sat beside him , although he is not named in the video .
The video was broadcast on al - Jazeera TV and its authenticity remains unconfirmed .
( Deleted comment ) From : totherme
2010-02-17 03:39 pm ( UTC )
In which case , the question becomes " are we more interested in stopping the worms , or in keeping the network ? " - I 've edited the main post to that effect :)
( Deleted comment ) From : johnckirk
2010-02-17 04:13 pm ( UTC )
http://johnckirk.livejournal.com/288600.html
Basically , I think that their whole security model is flawed , because they have no concept of " least privilege " .
As a developer , there 's no way for me to limit the amount of info I get , I just have to ignore the irrelevant stuff .
I 'd like to see something like the UAC prompt in Windows , where you 'd get a different prompt before an app sends messages to your friends ; some apps already do this voluntarily , e.g. challenging friends to quizzes or publishing Flixter reviews on your profile page .
Regarding the author , this app should n't be completely anonymous .
I had to register as a developer last year , so Facebook should be able to track down the person who wrote it based on their ID ; there 's no need for digital signatures here .
As for spam , I know a couple of people who had their Facebook accounts hacked recently , i.e. someone was able to guess their password .
One guy said that it sent messages to everyone whose name started with " A " , so that does imply that there 's a limit to the number of people a rogue app can contact in one go .
I wrote about Facebook apps in November : Basically , I think that their whole security model is flawed , because they have no concept of " least privilege " .
As a developer , there 's no way for me to limit the amount of info I get , I just have to ignore the irrelevant stuff .
I 'd like to see something like the UAC prompt in Windows , where you 'd get a different prompt before an app sends messages to your friends ; some apps already do this voluntarily , e.g. challenging friends to quizzes or publishing Flixter reviews on your profile page .
Regarding the author , this app should n't be completely anonymous .
I had to register as a developer last year , so Facebook should be able to track down the person who wrote it based on their ID ; there 's no need for digital signatures here .
As for spam , I know a couple of people who had their Facebook accounts hacked recently , i.e. someone was able to guess their password .
One guy said that it sent messages to everyone whose name started with " A " , so that does imply that there 's a limit to the number of people a rogue app can contact in one go .
From : totherme
2010-02-17 04:22 pm ( UTC )
I agree with the least privilege thing - a smarter and finer grained system might help .
I do n't know how much it'd help , since many users are n't likely to be able to distinguish between the different levels of permission they give to different apps , but I think it'd at least help a bit .
Yes , the app author is n't anonymous .
What I was complaining about above was that the app author was n't immediately obvious to me at the moment I was clicking " Yes , give permissions to this app " .
On my android phone whenever I install an app , I get a screen which says " the app called X , written by Y wants permission to do Z " .
If Y is google , then I 'm fairly confident it 's not malware .
And yeah , I noticed that I was n't able to send a single message to everyone that the worm notified .
The limit on the number of people that can be notified at once seems to be higher than the number of people that can be messaged at once .
From : susannahf
2010-02-17 07:23 pm ( UTC )
The apps may not be anonymous , but FB seem to do little about apps that are known to be hacked ( e.g. Farmville was " outed " as as doing some rather dodgy things recently and yet FB did n't seem to respond in any obvious way - certainly Farmville is still available ) From : totherme
2010-02-17 07:42 pm ( UTC )
One fun option might be for facebook to prominently show reviews by people on your friendslist when an app 's asking for permissions .
That way anyone who was thinking of giving perms to " Like " would have my " It 's a worm " review staring them in the face .
And of course , that 's not even a " security measure " - it 's a handy feature that you might want anyway .
From : elvum
2010-02-17 10:58 pm ( UTC )
Ditto Mafia
Wars , no ?
From : susannahf
2010-02-17 04:49 pm ( UTC )
I think part of the problem is facebook 's obsession with UI " upgrades " ( i.e. redesigning and making everybody relearn the whole blooming website ) .
You installed " like " because you thought FB was being numptyish again , and it turned out it was n't , but someone had used social engineering to make you think it was .
I refuse to use * any * application , because I can't tell whether they 're part of FB or not .
I use it as a minimal tool for certain things .
It has its place but mostly it 's a pain .
From : totherme
2010-02-17 04:54 pm ( UTC )
I had always thought of myself as someone who does n't use facebook apps .
That 's one of the things that impresses me about this bit of social engineering - it was just convincing enough , for just long enough , to make me think that it was part of facebook , and not really an app .
From : susannahf
2010-02-17 07:18 pm ( UTC )
I 'll clarify - I do n't use any app that is n't turned on by default .
If it 's part of facebook , but it looks app - like , I do n't use it .
From : janneyed
2010-02-25 05:42 am ( UTC )
First , I am Jann .
I joined this evening because I have nothing better to do than add another ' community ' to my day !
But after reading through posts , I think I am really going to enjoy it .
I want to add something about a different Facebook worm .
Or it may be a variant of Koobface or whatever the latest one is .
One of my daughter 's friends got in his messages and written on his wall a hyperlink that only slightly resembled something someone would send to go see at YouTube .
So , like the YouTube freak he is , he clicked on the hyperlink .
Do n't ya know , the worm sent out that link to everyone on his friends ' list .
Not only that but he lost control of his account .
But still maintained his password so he suspended his account .
Pshaw !
It did n't take an hour for that worm to invade his page again and again and again ....... It does n't help that several of his friends opened the link .
I do not participate in any of the apps on FB , they are mucked up in glitches anyhow .
I use it to keep in touch with my family and friends .
And I never , and I mean NEVER , open anything , I do n't care if it came from one of my dogs .
I got my first virus in 1996 and I was new and it took me forever to get it off on my own .
So I am mega -cautious .
Long - winded enough ?
I agree with gaspodog .
However , I have not had one problem on either Facebook or MySpace .
Jann From : ( Anonymous )
2010 -06-17 07:46 am ( UTC )
I 've Been Hit With This Too I can't believe that Facebook has allowed this to happen .
I mean , they should have their users online safety at heart .
Not happy but will still keep on visiting FB From : davvie
2010 -10 - 18 01:04 pm ( UTC )
Thanks for the warning , I usually trust this kind of messages , that 's what makes this warm dangerous .
I am sure there are lots of Facebookers in the exact same situation right now .
Can you tell if a cloud Security software would help in this kind of situations ?
I 'd appreciate any advise !
You have n't read the Bible , then , because it 's all over the place .
Someone mentioned the flood already , but read about the land of Canaan -- the so - called " promised land " .
The Israelites had to wipe out tribe after tribe , city after city in Canaan in order to inhabit it .
That 's genocide .
You wanted specific verses .
See below .
It 's really a small sampling of the total violence -- including genocide -- that exists in the bible .
The final source includes many more examples .
One famous instance is the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah .
How is it not genocide to utterly destroy two cities ?
Your justifications for genocide are funny .
You might argue that people killed in the flood were " evil " or that the people in Sodom and Gomorrah were , but the people who were killed in Canaan were simply people who had a different religion from that of the Israelites ; they were n't said to be evil .
Basically , by your reasoning , you could come and kill my family , and justify it by saying that my wife and I are evil because we do n't worship your god , and my innocent daughter will go to heaven , so it 's okay if you kill her , too .
You also said something utterly ridiculous : " The children that God killed felt NO PAIN and where [ sic ] instantly taken to a paradise FOREVER . "
Um ... how do you know they did n't feel pain ?
I assume this statement was in reaction to the taking of the first born in Egypt , but there 's no mention of them dying painlessly .
By the way , why would the angel of death need a mark on the doors of houses occupied by your god 's chosen people ?
Would n't your god , being omnipotent , know which houses belonged to people faithful to him ?
Weird .
Anyway , justify and rationalize all you want ; any mass taking of life like that described in the Bible is genocide , whether you judge the people to be evil or not .
From the perspective of someone who does n't buy into your myths , these killings were horrible atrocities , not the purging of evil you 're saying they were .
The superb documentary War / Dance reveals the redemptive power of music , even in the most horrific places .
Focusing on three children in their early teens in war - torn Uganda - stoic Nancy , driven Dominic , and soft - spoken Rose - War / Dance tracks the efforts of the school of a refugee camp called Patongo to compete in Uganda 's countrywide music competition .
The contrasts are staggering ; in interviews , the children describe their parents being killed by rebel soldiers , then footage of rehearsal shows them joyfully singing and dancing with their classmates .
Some of the sequences are harrowing ( a scene where Nancy grieves for her murdered father is painful to watch ) , but without them , we would n't understand how hard - won are the feelings of pride and accomplishment as their school performs for the competition 's judges .
The built - in structure of the competition gives this documentary a clear and engrossing storyline , much like Mad Hot Ballroom , but the heartbreaking circumstances and the emotional openness of the three teenagers makes War / Dance even more compelling .
NAIROBI , Kenya —
A vaccine against malaria to save the lives of hundreds of thousands
of children a year could be available as early as 2012 , according to African scientists who are testing the new drug .
There are 247 million cases of malaria every year leading to the deaths of 881,000 people , as reported in GlobalPost 's " Bug Wars " series .
A total of 3.3 billion people are at risk of malaria in 109 countries .
But the worst impact is in Africa and on children : 90 percent of the malaria deaths are in Africa and 85 percent of all the deaths are children under 5 years old .
“ We believe that a vaccine for malaria could help save countless lives and redefine the future of African children , ” said Dr. Patricia Njuguma , one of the vaccine ’s principal investigators , based in Kilifi , Kenya .
“ Working as a pediatrician I see everyday the effect of malaria on children .
I see … the concern mothers have when their children have high fever , convulsions or lapse into coma . ”
An international team of scientists announced late in 2009 that the world ’s largest trial of a vaccine called RTS ,S — or Mosquirix — is underway in seven African countries in order to determine the effectiveness and safety of the drug on a large scale .
The trial is to involve 16,000 children in Kenya , Tanzania , Malawi , Mozambique , Gabon , Ghana and Burkina Faso , all within the malarial belt that stretches across sub-Saharan Africa .
“ The first child was vaccinated in Bagamoyo … and to date we have over 5,000 children already vaccinated , ” said Dr. Salim Abdulla , the other lead investigator , who works in the seaside town of Bagamoyo in Tanzania .
RTS , S is the most likely candidate to be rolled out as a malaria vaccine in the coming years .
According to one of its inventors , Dr. Joe Cohen , a research scientist at GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals in Belgium , the vaccine might be available as early as 2012 .
“ This is the culmination of more than 20 years of work , ” said Dr. Cohen .
“ Never before has a vaccine been developed against a human parasite , let alone a devilishly complex parasite such as the one responsible for malaria . ”
This next stage of testing is expected to last between three and five years at which point there should to be enough information for national regulatory authorities to decide whether to license the vaccine in their countries .
Ultimately the decision will be theirs but Dr. Christian Loucq , director of the non-profit PATH Malaria Vacine Initiative , largely funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , was optimistic and insisted that countries should prepare themselves now to ensure rapid distribution of the vaccine when it is ready .
“ The vaccine will have to prove … its efficacy and safety , but … we need to get ready today for the vaccine to be available for the children .
Today [ African governments and international organizations ] have to start being prepared and committed .
“ We need to start thinking of uptake .
So many times a vaccine has been made available and has been [ left ] on the shelf for a couple of years .
We want the vaccine to be used the day it is made available , ” said De Loucq .
Besides getting the all - clear from governments another major barrier will be cost , given that the vast majority of those suffering and dying from malaria are the poorest people in the world ’s poorest countries .
However , GSK chief executive Andrew Witty said recently , “ We ’re not going to let price get in the way of access for malaria vaccines .
We will be extremely responsible about the way we price this vaccine . ”
Though thin on detail the promise was reiterated by the scientific research team .
The vaccine would be an important weapon in the fight against deadly malaria but would be just one part of an arsenal that includes insecticide - treated bed nets , indoor spraying , effective treatment once malaria takes hold and preventative anti-malarials for pregnant women .
Even pop music is being used to spread education about preventing malaria .
In earlier phases of the clinical trials of RTS , S that have been ongoing since 1992 it has been shown to reduce malaria by 53 percent in children aged between 5 and 17 months and to reduce by half severe life - threatening malaria in children under 5 years old .
“ For the sake of African children … we must move ahead with this vaccine , ” said Dr. Cohen .
Rick Perry and Sarah Palin Rally Their Troops Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
Rick Perry and Sarah Palin Rally Their Troops
The much awaited Perry - Palin rally ( with extra special guest Ted Nugent ) visited the Rick Berry Center in Cypress on Sunday afternoon , but made sure to wrap things up before the Big Game .
Football trumps politics in Texas , of course , even if Sarah Palin comes to town .
PHOTOS BY BRYAN WILLIAMS .
Up Next : The Big Game at Big Woodrow's ( and Ragin Cajun )
Google says it will not " voluntarily " comply with the government 's request that it censor YouTube videos in accordance with broad " refused classification " ( RC ) content rules .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy referred to Google 's censorship on behalf of the Chinese and Thai governments in making his case for the company to impose censorship locally .
Google warns this would lead to the removal of many politically controversial , but harmless , YouTube clips .
University of Sydney associate professor Bjorn Landfeldt , one of Australia 's top communications experts , said that to comply with Conroy 's request Google " would have to install a filter along the lines of what they actually have in China " .
As it prepares to introduce legislation within weeks forcing ISPs to block a blacklist of RC websites , the government says it is in talks with Google over blocking the same type of material from YouTube .
According to the Times ’s Sunday Styles section today , there are people ( specifically : 10 people ) who call themselves “ cavemen ” or “ paleos ” who live in the city , but try to replicate in diet , exercise , and other lifestyle choices , the caveman lifestyle .
They eat raw meat and leap around barefoot through the brush .
They hate vegans , and judge each other for not being extreme enough cavemen .
They have a “ chieftain ” named John Durant who makes them jerky from his deer organ - meat - holding meat locker .
They only have one cavewoman , whom they presumably share .
Here is what the Times found out about these people :
First , the basics :
“ The caveman lifestyle , in Mr. Durant ’s interpretation , involves eating large quantities of meat and then fasting between meals to approximate the lean times that his distant ancestors faced between hunts .
Vegetables and fruit are fine , but he avoids foods like bread that were unavailable before the invention of agriculture . ”
That ’s not very weird .
So far it just kind of sounds like Atkins .
But what kind of treadmills do these cavemen prefer ?
“ These urban cavemen also choose exercise routines focused on sprinting and jumping , to replicate how a prehistoric person might have fled from a mastodon . ”
Can we watch them do this in Central Park one day , please ?
( Preferably with a real mastodon . )
But , to be fair to the cavemen , at least they ’re probably a total joy to hang out with , right ?
That ’s not very weird .
So far it just kind of sounds like Atkins .
But what kind of treadmills do these cavemen prefer ?
“ These urban cavemen also choose exercise routines focused on sprinting and jumping , to replicate how a prehistoric person might have fled from a mastodon . ”
Can we watch them do this in Central Park one day , please ?
( Preferably with a real mastodon . )
But , to be fair to the cavemen , at least they ’re probably a total joy to hang out with , right ?
“ Upon visiting Mr. Durant ’s apartment for the first time , in August , Mr. Averbukh scowled at a tomato plant on his host ’s roof deck .
Meow !
“ Cavemen do n’t eat nightshades . ”
They sound like the biggest assholes in the entire world !
But wait !
Here ’s another weird thing they do !:
So are they going to kill themselves at age 35 or what ?
The suspense is killing us !
Anyway , one of them eats only raw grass - fed beef , sometimes with a fork .
And they all work on the internet ( online advertising , web managing , running a design - based e-commerce site . )
Oh , and one last thing about the cavemen , without which the Times ’ Margaret Mead-ing would not be complete :
Of course they do !
Someone should tell them that real cavemen did n’t carry around worn copies of Atlas , Shrugged .
We really just want to know what neighborhood these Cavemen live in so we can stay out of it .
( We ’re going with two extremes : either Bushwick or Murray Hill . )
The New Age Cavemen in the City [ NYT ]
jaakkos ' server is an SSH - accessible server that provides a venue to play ADOM online , as well as allowing those games to be viewed and reviewed by other players .
Because of the community aspects , as well as some convenient features such as savegame protection against crashes , the server is a popular venue for ADOM play , particularly for Roman Republic Games , and competitive games .
Note :
This server is currently offline
How to Access the Server [ edit | edit source ]
Connecting via SSH [ edit | edit source ]
Connecting to the server requires an SSH client to access .
Windows users will normally need to download a program such as PuTTY [ 1 ] , since Windows typically does not include such features by default .
To play ADOM on the server , it is necessary to configure PuTTY in the following manner :
In the PuTTY window , connection should be made to ancardia.us.to
Under the Windows tab , set Rows to 25 and Columns to 80 .
Under the Terminal tab , set Bell to None .
Under Keyboard , set xterm R6
Under the Features tab , set Disable application keypad mode
See the server readme [ 2 ] for more details on connecting to the server and modifying the fonts and color settings .
Linux and OS X users should open a terminal window sized to 80x25 and run " ssh < username>@ancardia.us.to " .
Note that dark grey ( such as walls ) is invisible on Terminal .app before OS X Lion due to design issues ; iTerm is rumored to work .
In Lion , Terminal.app 's colors are configurable .
Quick Start [ edit | edit source ]
Grey has provided a pre-configured copy of PuTTY available here [ 3 ] that should allow the user to immediately run ADOM on the server .
Using the Server [ edit | edit source ]
Playing on your account [ edit | edit source ]
To start a new account , enter the username adom with password adom .
This will prompt you to input a username and password .
Once this is done , you will be able to access your account with your username and password .
Players wishing to access their savefiles , . flg/.slg/.vlg files , etc. must first activate their user directory .
Activation of the user directory can be done at the main menu of the ADOM server after logging in , and then these files can then be found at the user directories here [
4 ]
Players will have the option of playing with ADOM Sage , as well as any of version 1.0.0 , 1.1.1 , or Eternium Man mode .
One notable special feature of playing on the server is the ability to choose your starsign instead of having it randomly generated for you - " random " is still provided as an option .
To spectate a game in play , connect to the server as above , and enter the username spectator with password spectator .
This will provide a list of all games currently being played .
While spectating a game , you can send messages to the player ; this is done using an option on the menu for logged - in users , so you will need an account , and a second PuTTY window .
For long discussions it is much more practical to use the ADOM IRC Channels , which many people who play on the server are also on .
The monster memory prompt ( " & " ) can be used by the player to communicate with the spectators .
To stop spectating a game , press Ctrl-c-d
Only one game may be spectated at a time in a given PuTTY window ; however , multiple windows may be opened to spectate games simultaneously .
Note that spectating a game can increase the lag that the player experiences .
Watching Replays [ edit | edit source ]
To watch a replay of a game , log on as ttyrecplay with password ttyrecplay .
League accounts [ edit | edit source ]
The accounts league1 , league2 , and league3 are often used for Roman Republic games or competitive games .
Alternative accounts may be used on occasion as well .
Speak to jaakkos or sorear on the ADOM IRC Channels if you need access to these accounts or new league accounts created .
League accounts are forced to always use ADOM 1.1.1 , have a separate high score table from normal games , have save directories that can be altered by league admins , and allow one - touch copying of configuration files from your normal account .
The server will automatically back up savegames when you ' S 'ave your game .
If a fatal ingame crash occurs the server should restore your game from the last ' S'ave .
It is advised that during long sessions of play on the server , or at any situation where a crash is possible , that the player ' S 'ave their game so that a backup is created .
There have been isolated reports of this not working ; if you are very paranoid you are advised to manually check that the backup was generated ( look in http://ancardia.ath.cx/adom_users/your_name/backup-111/).
If your Internet connection to the server dies , you should be able to resume the game without any trouble by just reconnecting .
If the server 's operating system dies eg. due to a blackout ( does n't happen too often ) , games may be lost if they were in progress at the time ; the backup system works , but restoration needs to be performed manually by jaakkos or sorear .
Contact jaakkos , sorear , or Chousuke on the ADOM IRC Channels if you are experiencing problems with the server .
For more information , consult the server readme [ 5 ] and the server thread [ 6 ] .
First of all , thanks for everyone who replied to the previous inquiry !
I ’ll be sure to personally respond to each of you soon .
To clarify , I was n’t strongly considering some sort of major shift in the comics or anything , but mainly checking up on what everyone thought of the current ratio of game - themed strips vs. character - themed strips .
It seems nearly everyone is happy with what ’s going on now , which is nice to hear .
We appreciate all the feedback !
On today ’s strip , I ca n’t be the only one that goes nuts breaking everyone ’s jars .
And this is the dorkiest I ’ve ever drawn Link .
One of the trickier things regarding Zelda comics is that , per his character , I try to never have Link actually talk , and this is where Navi comes in handy .
Meanwhile , the newer shading style is back again , and I ’ll probably be using it for most non-Kirby comics from this point .
I also have to put a deadline on the Haiti drive , unfortunately .
I ’ve been calling and emailing a lot of people lately , and at this point there ’s not much else I can do but wait for them to sort it out .
However , there ’s only so long I can stretch this while a lot of people ’s money is out there , so if it ’s not sorted out by next Friday , we ’ll be refunding 100 % of the money to our generous readers .
Hopefully it wo n’t come to that , though , and we can finish the drive as planned .
There should be new buttons near the top by the time you read this .
This should allow for easier browsing , and we ’ll have a neat little new feature implemented over the weekend too .
Finally , in a game full of eligible women hitting on our hero , Malon stands above the rest .
- By Matthew
On human flourishing and the common good
One spring season when the Astros were in a particularly bad slump , Sister Damian Kuhn made her way to owner Drayton McLane 's office , dressed in her traditional blue habit and veil .
“ She was our No. 1 fan , and she always took it personal , ” recalled McLane .
He told her it was time to start praying .
After a long sigh , she replied , “ Drayton , my knees are bloodied .
It 's going to take more than that ! ”
Now McLane and the baseball team 's players are struggling over a different loss — the death of Sister Kuhn on Monday , just months shy of her 90th birthday .
She , as a good Roman Catholic , and McLane , as a good Baptist , connected after he noticed the nun 's unabashed enthusiasm for the team whenever she managed to snare a ticket for a game at the Astrodome that otherwise would have gone unused .
“ She was hard to miss in a crowd , ” McLane said , since her head was covered with a habit instead of a ball cap .
Thinking it was unbecoming for a nun to shout , she once told the Houston Chronicle that she tried hard to just clap and give high - fives .
She never jeered or heckled , and always believed that next crack of the bat might be an Astros ' home run .
Then 10 years ago , she saw it as a gift from God when the team moved to Minute Maid Park .
That 's because she was living across the street at the convent for the Annunciation Catholic Church and Incarnate Word Academy .
Bagwell was her favorite
McLane , acknowledging the nun 's vow of poverty , bestowed her with season tickets that allowed her to sit behind home plate at the new stadium .
One of her best memories was being flown by the Astros on a private jet to the first day of spring training .
“ She got to watch the players practice and did n't get home until dark .
She never forgot it , ” said longtime friend Margaret Buckle , of Houston .
Sister Kuhn also marked her 80th birthday by throwing out the first pitch of the game to one of her favorite players , Jeff Bagwell .
Their bond went beyond the ballpark as they occasionally shared pasta together at Carrabba 's Italian Grill .
When her health began to deteriorate , the Astros sent a golf cart to transport her to games .
In return for the Astros ' kindness , Sister Kuhn made what McLane likes to call “ heavenly fudge ” that she regularly delivered to him .
Sister Kuhn was the oldest of five girls born to Buddy and Ruby Kuhn on Sept. 24 , 1920 , in Houston .
Her love affair with baseball was inherited from her father , who was a scrappy pitcher for a company team in Houston before the Astros existed .
“ Buddy Kuhn was known all over , ” recalled one of her sisters , Doris Olexa of Beaumont .
“ And our mother was taking Agnes ( renamed Sister Damian Kuhn ) to the games when she was only a baby . ”
For as long as anyone can remember , she wanted to become a nun .
“ She even went around with a towel pinned on her head , pretending to be a nun , ” Olexa said .
“ She never had any other desire .
She loved her faith . ”
Sister Kuhn then committed herself to the teaching order of the Sisters of the Incarnate Word and Blessed Sacrament in Houston at age 18 .
Students were devoted
She served as a home economics teacher at the Incarnate Word Academy for 57 years until some mini-strokes forced her into retirement .
Many of her students — such as Rose Carrabba , whose family owns the Italian grill — remained devoted and kept in touch with her .
Life as a nun did n't stop Sister Kuhn from having fun .
The Buckle family remembers taking her and another nun with them to Knott 's Berry Farm in California after a wedding ceremony .
“ I lost track of her there , ” Buckle remembered .
“ Then looking up , I saw two nuns in full habits dropping at what seemed like 90 miles per hour from one of the scariest rides that nobody in my family would do .
They were laughing their heads off . ”
Room full of memorabilia
And Sister Kuhn 's devotion to the Astros also knew no limit .
At another Buckle wedding , the family spotted Sister Kuhn with a tiny earphone , concealed by her habit and connected to an old - fashioned transistor radio .
“ She later smiled while denying having the game on during the ceremony , ” said Buckle 's son , Chris .
Even though she could no longer get to the ballpark , she never missed a game this last season on the small TV in her room .
Her health worsened at Christmas when she had a stroke that prevented her from speaking .
“ She still understood everything and would smile and nod ‘ yes ' when asked if the Astros would be ready for next year , ” said Sister Brigid Cummins .
Yet she must have sensed the end was near .
Last summer , she gave away most of the Astros ' memorabilia that decorated her room — from the ball she pitched to the signed photographs she possessed — to family members .
All that remained was former first baseman Jeff Bagwell 's No. 5 jersey , pinned in its place of honor on her wall .
Sister Cummins folded up the jersey to give to Sister Kuhn 's family after she died .
cindy.horswell@chron.com
Nelson D. Schwartz is an economics reporter for The New York Times .
Eduardo Porter is the Economic Scene columnist for The New York Times .
Annie Lowrey covers economic policy for the Washington bureau of The New York Times .
Shaila Dewan is an economics reporter for The New York Times .
Binyamin Appelbaum covers business and economic topics for the Washington bureau of The New York Times .
Floyd Norris , the chief financial correspondent of The New York Times , covers the world of finance and economics .
Recent Posts
Economix Meets the Gales of Change Economix is coming to an end , but it will be succeeded by The Upshot , a new politics , policy and economics site .
Read more …
Mortgage Reform Is Worth the Small Extra Cost to Borrowers
The higher cost for borrowers in a Senate bill reforming Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac corresponds to the protection for taxpayers that was missing in the old system , writes an economist .
Read more …
In Europe , Auto Sales Are Still Low , But They Are Rising New car sales are up by more than 10 percent in Ireland , Greece , Spain and Portugal , which signals stronger economic growth there , even if sales are still far below 2007 levels .
Read more …
The End of Our Financial Illusions Much progress has been made on overseeing the largest banks , but a good deal more must be done to toughen standards and end government subsidies , an economist writes .
Read more …
So I ’m watching the Olympics and I ’m rooting for the U.S. four - man bobsled team to win the gold , mostly because no U.S. team has done it since 1948 .
The U.S. bobsled , nicknamed “ Night Train ” , is driven by Steven Holcomb .
After three runs , the U.S. team was in first place with only one run to go .
Then I had a random thought .
I wonder if Steven Holcomb has a Facebook page .
So I look him up , and he does .
Then I have another random thought .
I should friend the guy .
He seems like a nice guy .
What the heck .
So I send him a friend request , thinking that maybe after the Olympics he might actually approve it and I can say I ’m friends with an Olympic star .
Within a minute , my Facebook page tells me the following :
“ Steven Holcomb has approved your friend request . ”
Now wait a minute , I think to myself .
Steven Holcomb is supposed to be preparing himself for the fourth and final run , trying to be the first American driver to win this thing in 62 years .
So then I think , okay , someone else is obviously taking care of his Facebook page .
So I check his page and lo and behold , there ’s a posting from him just minutes old where he explains he is holding his Blackberry at that moment , because he likes to check his Facebook page between runs .
He says it relaxes him .
So right in the middle of Steven Holcomb ’s HISTORIC , once - every - 62 - years - athletic - achievement , Steven Holcomb took some time out to friend Stephan Pastis .
Now maybe I ’m inferring too much from this , but I think it ’s fair to assume that just before he friended me , he was probably saying to himself , “ Well , I want to win this bobsled thing , and I ’ve come this far , but do I really HAVE to win it ?
After all , winning is n’t everything . ”
But then AFTER he friended me , everything changed .
Because then he started thinking , ” I CANNOT LET MY NEW FACEBOOK FRIEND STEPHAN PASTIS DOWN ! ”
And what happened ?
He went out and clinched first place .
In other words , I won a gold medal .
Alright , fine ….WE won a gold medal .
Hope there ’s room on the medal stand .
Marvel Comics Apologizes for ‘ Tea Bag’ Insult Based on TWI Photo
Created : February 10 , 2010 15:26 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Kerry Picket reports that Marvel Comics is partially apologizing for a storyline that portrays Captain America investigating white supremacists and observing a Tea Party protest for research .
The source of the controversy : a photo I took for TWI at the first Tea Party protest on February 27 , 2009 .
“ According to to Mr. Quesada , ” writes Picket , “ the book was ready to go to printer , but the panel in question had a group of protesters handling signs with no words on them , so the editor asked the letterer to ‘ fudge in ’ some quick believable slogans at the last minute .
The letterer referred to this sign as a sample to work from . ”
That sign was photographed by me , here .
umm tried the hard mod thingy - seems same as the Doc's - not really a challange - 3 AI 's again , but not much of a threat , erm as for the race u want - just keep restarting the game till u get the race u want .
though the development was going quickly for each base not much was done force wise , so erm umm , what if u let the AI develope say 5 minutes or 10 minutes and then try to make a move ?
Rocky Widner / NBAE / Getty Images
The Nets are just one of several NBA teams struggling to give their fans a good product .
The Nets are just one of several NBA teams struggling to give their fans a good product .
When the Writers Guild of America went on strike in 2007 , something fascinating happened :
The networks , production companies and movie studios slowly realized their infrastructure made no real sense .
They had been handing out too many developmental deals , green - lighting too many pilots and overpaying for too many movies for far too long .
It was a broken model .
Only when that massive overhead was removed for a few months and Hollywood did n't collapse did everyone realize , " Wait a second , were we doing this the right way ? "
The answer , clearly , was no .
The old way was like watching two people battle over entrée choices for dinner , then playing it safe by ordering everything on the menu .
When the strike ended right as the economy was turning , new Hollywood tightened its belt , stopped overdeveloping and aimed for a higher batting average .
Frugality and caution now carry the day .
Sure , A - listers earn as much money as they always did , and expensive movies and television shows cost as much as they always did .
But that 's where it ends .
Creative people in Los Angeles now talk longingly of " the old days , " back when you could waltz into someone 's office , pitch a half - baked idea and walk out with a check .
No longer .
In the NBA , the owners are headed for a similar , " Wait a second , were we doing this the right away ? " realization , if it has n't happened already .
The current system does n't fly .
The salary cap and luxury threshold ebb and flow with yearly revenue -- so if revenue drops , teams have less to spend -- only there 's no ebb and flow with the salaries .
When the revenue dips like it did these past two seasons , the owners are screwed .
They arrived at this specific point after salaries ballooned over the past 15 years -- not for superstars , but for complementary players who do n't sell tickets , can't carry a franchise , and , in a worst - case scenario , operate as a sunk cost .
These players get overpaid for one reason :
Most teams throw money around like drunken sailors at a strip joint .
When David Stern says , " We 're losing $ 400 million this season , " he really means , " We stupidly kept overpaying guys who were n't worth it , and then the economy turned , and now we 're screwed . "
This is n't about improving the revenue split between players and owners .
It 's about Andre Iguodala , Emeka Okafor , Elton Brand , Andrei Kirilenko , Tyson Chandler , Larry Hughes , Michael Redd , Corey Maggette and Luol Deng making eight figures a year but being unable to sell tickets , create local buzz or lead a team to anything better than 35 wins .
It 's about Jermaine O'Neal making more money this season than Kevin Durant , Russell Westbrook , James Harden , Serge Ibaka , Eric Maynor , Thabo Sefolosha and Jeff Green combined .
It 's about Rasheed Wallace -- a guy who quit on his team last season , then showed up for this one with 34Cs and love handles -- roping the Celtics into a $ 20 million , three - year deal that will cost Boston twice that money in luxury tax penalties .
[+]
Enlarge Noah Graham / NBAE / Getty Images
A sign of the times : Tracy McGrady and his $ 22.4 million salary rotted away in Houston .
It 's about Tracy McGrady making $ 22.4 million , being unhappy coming off the bench , then convincing his team to let him disappear until it traded him .
It 's about Gilbert Arenas hogging one - third of Washington 's salary cap next season even though he brought guns into the Wizards locker room and had to plead no contest to a felony .
It 's about Joe Dumars dumping Chauncey Billups and Arron Afflalo ( combined cost : $ 13.2 million this season ) so he could give Rip Hamilton , Charlie Villanueva and Ben Gordon $ 143 million combined .
It 's about Jamaal Tinsley getting paid $ 10.6 million this season and the next by Indiana not to play there .
It 's about Brian Cardinal , Darko Milicic , Bobby Simmons , Eddy Curry , Kenny Thomas , T.J. Ford , Mark Blount , Etan Thomas , Andres Nocioni , Tony Battie , Adam Morrison , Marcus Banks , Marko Jaric , Matt Carroll , Jerome James , Mike James , Jason Kapono , DeSagana Diop and Dan Gadzuric making more than $ 120 million combined this season to dole out high - fives .
And the owners are blaming the players ?
Really ?
Just in the past three years , we 've seen general managers Sam Presti ( Zombie Sonics ) , Daryl Morey ( Rockets ) and John Hammond ( Bucks ) build competitive teams by prudently watching their cap , searching for bargains , building around young talent and picks , and / or carving out enough cap space to take advantage of desperate suitors who will pay with draft picks or young players just to dump an unsavory contract .
There 's a method to their madness .
They are the minority , not the majority .
Most of their competitors sabotaged themselves and inadvertently reduced the value of franchises as a whole .
For instance , when I was in Dallas for All - Star Weekend , I asked an extremely wealthy person the following question : " Why have n't you bought an NBA team yet ? "
His answer : " Because they 're still overvalued .
Anyone who buys in right now is doing it for ego only .
That 's why the league grabbed the Russian 's [ Mikhail Prokhorov 's ] money [ for the New Jersey Nets ] so quickly .
He has a big ego and deep pockets , and he did n't know any better .
He just wanted in .
The pool of American buyers who fit that mold has dwindled .
Look at [ Oracle CEO ] Larry Ellison .
Five years ago , he would have jumped on the Warriors like Cuban jumped on the Mavericks .
Now he 's being much more cautious .
He does n't think they 're worth more than $ 325 [ million ] and they are n't .
Not with the current revenue system , not without a new arena , and not with a lockout coming .
It 's a dumb investment . "
This is how the NBA 's situation differs from Hollywood three years ago .
Hollywood stumbled by accident into the realization that things were broken .
But the NBA already knows .
The league wants a system more beneficial to owners that features a hard salary cap , no long - term deals ( only three or four years guaranteed at most ) and no luxury tax .
The players will dig their feet in and fight .
We will have a lockout or a strike .
It will last for months .
And months .
And months .
Start preparing yourself mentally now .
It 's going to happen .
And really , I would be fine with this .
I would .
Just one problem ...
Let 's say the owners get their way and the new system is better than the old one .
Great .
Awesome .
Answer these questions for me :
1 . Why should I care ?
2 . Why should you care ?
3 . Why should either of us care that owners might not lose as much money in 2013 as they did in 2010 ?
Does it mean ticket prices will drop ?
I doubt it .
Does it mean franchises with older arenas are n't in danger of having their team hijacked like the Sonics were stolen from Seattle ?
I doubt it .
Does it mean failing teams wo n't continue to tank down the stretch for lottery picks , or dump some of their best players to contenders for 40 cents on the dollar to save a few bucks ?
I doubt it .
So I ask you again ... why should we care ?
For instance , let 's say you root for the Wizards like my buddy House .
Over the last two years , House watched his team overpay Arenas ( $ 111 million ; nobody else could have offered more than $ 85 million at the time ) and Antawn Jamison ( a $ 41 million extension for someone about to reach his mid-30s ) in a bizarre attempt to keep together the nucleus of a noncontender .
Those contracts forced the Wiz to package the No. 5 pick in the 2009 draft , along with a couple of lousy contracts , for immediate help ( Randy Foye and Mike Miller ) .
When that move backfired and Arenas went child actor on us , the team called an audible and dealt three of its four best players ( Jamison , Caron Butler and Brendan Haywood ) for expiring contracts and the No. 30 pick in the 2010 draft .
Three unintentionally funny outcomes here .
First , Wizards GM Ernie Grunfeld was the one who overpaid everybody , then had to sacrifice Butler and a 2009 lottery pick just to undo his own horrendous mistakes .
Basically , he created the same cap space that could have been attained two summers ago , only Washington fans lost a lottery pick in the process .
Did he get fired for this ?
Of course not .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Mark Duncan LeBron James wants to join Gilbert Arenas in Washington !
OK , probably not .
Second , the Wizards will have a ton of cap space this summer , only this summer 's top free agents wo n't be saying , " Man , I 'd love to play on a young team that 's built around Gilbert Arenas . "
So it 's a flawed business plan coming out of the gate .
The Wizards should n't even mention the words " cap space " to their fans again .
It 's like promising your kids an ice cream at the end of a long drive when you know there 's nothing in the fridge .
Third , they actually tried to sell their fans that one benefit of the Jamison trade was dipping the Wizards under the luxury tax threshold .
As House hissed afterward , " What the [ bleep ] do I care if the Wiz are n't paying the tax ?
How does that affect me ?
Does that mean they 're lowering ticket prices for the rest of the year then ? "
Nope .
Over the past five years , half the league 's franchises crapped on their season - ticket holders at least once with mismanagement , salary dumping and / or tanking for lottery picks .
Along with the Wizards , the following fan bases have reached a breaking point with their respective teams : Sixers , Pistons , Pacers , Nets , Knicks , Suns , Clippers , Warriors and Timberwolves .
Depending on how the summer of 2010 works out , we could be adding Cavs , Heat , Raptors , Hawks and / or Grizzlies fans to that list .
And four other teams have tried to put out a quality product but still hemorrhaged money this season : New Orleans , Milwaukee , Charlotte and San Antonio .
( Yes , I just mentioned 19 of the 30 NBA teams .
You counted correctly . )
Some situations are fixable with a better revenue system , so let 's concentrate on the " franchises that can't stop crapping on their fans " group ( 10 teams in all , counting the Knicks ) .
Guess what happens when you get continually crapped on ?
It kinda makes you not want to support your team anymore .
You know , because you have a big pile of crap on your head .
Teams do n't seem to understand this ; apparently , neither does the league .
For instance , I have Clippers season tickets .
At last week 's deadline , the Clippers dumped Marcus Camby , the league 's second - leading rebounder and their best defensive player , for two expiring contracts and $ 1.5 million in cash .
I had tickets last Wednesday to watch Atlanta kick the butts of the suddenly depleted / lousy / rebuilding Clips .
Did the price of those tickets change ?
Of course not .
Hey Mr. Billionaire Housing Discriminator Who Owns The Clippers , I 'm glad you pocketed that extra $ 1.5 million .
Really , I am .
But what did that do for me ?
Why did n't you use that savings to discount my last two months of tickets ?
And what about the other " customers " who bought season tickets because you promised a good product and did n't deliver for the 17th time in the last 18 years ?
Now , here 's where you say , " Simmons , you 're an idiot for buying tickets for that septic tank of a franchise in the first place . "
Great point .
I still own Clips tickets for two reasons : I like seeing the other teams , and there 's a puncher 's chance that someone like LeBron or Wade might be dumb enough to sign here .
Stupid , I know .
I 'm delusional .
But I have owned Clips seats for the past six years ; in five of them , the season was over in mid-February .
Does the NBA care that I feel like an idiot for continuing to renew these seats ?
I do n't know .
Does the NBA care about all the loyal customers in every failing city who feel like idiots for continuing to renew their seats ?
I do n't know .
Should n't I know ?
* * *
Here 's what we do know ...
Teams survive on TV money , season - ticket revenue and luxury suites .
They do n't care about the upper decks .
They care about getting fat checks in March and April for the following season , then banking that money for a few months and collecting interest on it .
They care about getting us to pay for a spring 's worth of playoff tickets up front even though our team might survive only eight days in the postseason .
And if they stink , they care about only one thing : creating an illusion of regret .
The illusion of regret is crucial .
It 's the single most important dynamic in the NBA right now .
It drives every lottery drawing , every trade deadline and every free - agency period .
It drives Knicks fans to make the decision in 2008 , " I 'm gonna ride this out for another two years JUST IN CASE we get someone good two years from now . "
It 's driving more interest in this particular offseason than any in recent memory ; as incredible as this sounds , people are anticipating July more than June .
The illusion of regret is also relatively evil , no different from America 's lottery system that preys on the lower class : convincing people to pay for the unlikely chance that something good might happen , then making them feel like idiots when it does n't .
This is how the NBA differs from any other professional sport .
In a league with 12 - man rosters , in which only five guys can play at once , you 're really only as good as your franchise guy .
If you do n't have one , you 're screwed .
That 's where the illusion of regret comes in .
A noncontender needs to convince its fans every spring ,
You better lock down another year of your seats , because if you do n't , you 're gonna miss out when we kick ass and make the playoffs and it's going to be impossible to get good seats and you 'll be jealous !
Hell , look at me .
I want to break up with the Clippers ... but what if they get LeBron and I miss out ?
I would regret it .
Every minute .
Every day .
Sure , they have about as much of a chance of getting LeBron as I have of becoming the WNBA commissioner .
Does n't matter .
I can't miss even the 3 percent chance that it might happen .
Which leads me to this moment in April ...
" Here 's another check , Mr. Billionaire Housing Discriminator Who Owns The Clippers .
I 'll keep my fingers crossed for another year .
I hate you . "
I do it every spring .
I have no protection .
Neither do any of the other season - ticket holders for any of the other screwed - up franchises .
In Cleveland , the Cavs asked for 2010 - 11 renewals last month under the guise of an " Early Bird Special . "
Cavs season - ticket holders will have to decide before the 2010 playoffs start , " Am I keeping my tickets next year ?
Am I rolling the dice that LeBron comes back ? "
If they keep them , and LeBron does n't come back , it 's going to feel like getting tipped over in a port - o - john .
And yes , the Cavs would be doing the tipping .
So why do n't fans have protection ?
As a failing business -- and , really , a league that loses $ 400 million in a single year has to qualify as " failing " -- does n't the NBA have an obligation to win customers back ?
Just this week , Minnesota announced that it was making 2010 - 11 season tickets available for up to 50 percent off in March .
This made news because ... well , teams do n't normally do this .
But why do n't they ?
Why not take Minnesota 's move even further ?
Let 's say the NBA made the following rule right now :
Any team that misses the playoffs cannot raise ticket prices the following season .
Miss two straight playoffs , season - ticket holders get a 5 percent discount for renewals the following season .
Miss three straight , it goes to 10 percent .
Miss four straight , it jumps to 25 percent .
Miss five straight , it jumps to 50 percent .
Seems pretty reasonable , right ?
Geez , if you miss the playoffs for five straight years , you should n't be in the league .
The Clippers missed in 2007 , 2008 and 2009 .
Last summer , they brought back coach Mike Dunleavy , who had made history by losing 300 - plus games for two different teams ( the Clips and the Bucks ) and also having a winning percentage under .400 with both .
To nobody 's surprise , the season fell apart and that squinty con artist stepped down last month .
Now the Clippers are playing the illusion of regret to a hilt .
We have tons of cap space , we 're gonna have a new coach , and we 're going after LeBron ... do n't quit on us !
Does n't change the fact that Mr. Billionaire Housing Discriminator Who Owns
The Clippers sacrificed the 2009 - 10 season when he did n't have to .
OK , so let 's say my discount penalty plan is in motion .
Let 's say the 2009 - 10 Clips knew that , if they missed the playoffs a fourth straight year , they would be looking at 25 percent discounts across the board .
Is there any way they keep Dunleavy ?
No .
Is there any way they dump Camby at the deadline ?
No .
Financially , it would n't make sense .
This is what kills me about David Stern , a shrewd man who loves the National Basketball Association and has devoted his life to making it better .
He pretends that the economics of his sport do n't work anymore , only he acts as though there is n't any blood on his hands .
I beg to differ .
By allowing franchises to antagonize season - ticket holders , and by refusing to put a system in place that protects fans from tanking teams , he 's as guilty as anyone .
How can a league have such crystal - clear vision with so many different things -- expanding its global presence , building a self - perpetuating Olympic team , dominating the digital market , experimenting with 3 - D -- and look the other way every time its fans get kicked in the teeth ?
If I were running the NBA , eliminating the illusion of regret would be my biggest initiative .
I would give every nonplayoff team the same odds for winning the lottery , just so these teams would n't destroy six to eight weeks of a season for paying customers .
Then , I would cut the season by four games , guarantee only the top 12 playoff spots , then decide the seventh and eighth seeds in each conference with a double - elimination tournament for every nonplayoff team that I would call the Entertaining As Hell Tournament ( see my 2007 column for the gory details ) .
Boom , we just killed the tanking and salary - dumping issues .
Could n't that work ?
Has it even been discussed ?
Would n't it generate a ton of interest and extra revenue ?
Would n't you watch ?
Would n't it put a ton of pressure on teams to stop shutting their best guys down or giving away contract - year guys for no real reason ?
You can't give away Camby !
We need him for the Entertaining As Hell Tournament in April !
And who knows , maybe a wacky 7 - seed would gain momentum and pull off a Round 1 shocker in the playoffs .
You never know .
It 's never a bad thing when those three words are involved .
Since Stern works for the owners , I understand why he blames the economy instead of blaming the reckless franchises who got the league into this $ 400 million hole .
That 's his job -- to cover up the sins of his employers .
Just know that gate revenues are n't down only because people have less money than three years ago .
They 're down because fans became tired of the illusion of regret , and also , because our consumption patterns changed .
Many of us own nice televisions now .
We can watch any game in HD on a 50 - inch screen .
We can watch one game while watching another on our laptop .
If we want , we can watch the fourth quarters of 10 - 12 NBA games in one night .
There 's no real impetus to buy NBA season tickets anymore unless : ( A ) you 're rich , and / or ( B ) you have great seats between the baskets .
When I mentioned this theory to Stern in our recent podcast , he spun it into a positive by pointing out that the league should be praised for finding new ways to reach its fans .
True .
But let 's spin it the other way .
Teams depend on season - ticket revenue because it 's guaranteed income .
With the current setup , I could skip getting season tickets , then use stubhub.com , ebay.com and even team - endorsed ticket sites to cherry - pick choice seats for six or seven big games per season .
So if the NBA wants to keep me ( or you , or anyone ) as a customer , it needs to prevent me from sampling instead of buying .
Ask any sales guy for any NBA team -- this is their biggest challenge .
They do n't want me for seven games .
They want me for all of them .
Stern did n't seem to think it was a problem .
Which is a problem .
He 's running a league blessed with a giant TV contract and its biggest talent boon in two decades , only it 's about to lose $ 400 million , and he 's acting like everything is out of his hands right now .
Huh ?
Maybe he needs to be more honest with himself .
Yeah , the revenue system needs to be fixed .
But so do the playoff system , the salary cap , the ticket plans and the customer / team relationship .
They 're all part of the same problem .
And if the commish does n't think the NBA is fundamentally screwed up , just look at what happened last week , when the Knicks , Bulls and Clippers all gave away players and / or picks to shave 2010 - 11 cap space for LeBron , Bosh , Johnson , Stoudemire , Gay , Boozer and Wade .
Was it the right thing to do ?
Sadly , tragically , disgustingly ... yes .
The illusion of regret was taken to new heights .
Only one fan base can end up with the best player alive .
A few others will settle for lesser stars , some will come up empty , and in the case of Knicks fans and Cavaliers fans , there 's a chance for genuine damage .
Like , " I 'm never rooting for those guys again " damage .
Just know that the players did n't create this do - or - die scenario ; the owners did .
And sure , like with the Hollywood strike , an NBA lockout will end up working in favor of the owners .
It will lower operating costs , protect teams from overspending and create a system in which A - listers get rewarded ( the LeBrons and Wades ) and the working class ( the Goodens and Farmars ) gets screwed .
Costs will drop , franchise values will increase , and the owners will believe all the acrimony was worth it .
The ship will have been righted .
Or so they will say .
I hope they 're right .
I still do n't know how it benefits you and me .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com and the author of the recent New York Times best - seller , " The Book of Basketball . "
For every Simmons column and podcast , check out Sports Guy 's World .
Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sportsguy33.
What are the benefits of uPVC doors ?
There are a number of benefits of uPVC doors , such as being more safe and secure , the uPVC is resistant to rotting and rusting , there is a huge range of designs , uPVC doors are particularly effective at insulating interiors from noise and heat loss and uPVC is a relatively inexpensive material which makes it a safer option for your home .
What are casement windows ?
A casement is the opening part of a window that is attached to its frame by one or more hinges at the side .
They are used singly or in pairs within a common frame .
Casement windows are hinged various different ways .
They are generally made for openings in which the height is greater than the width .
Other styles of window are available that work in totally different ways such Tilt and Turn and Fully Reversible .
Can I fit a new door to an existing uPVC porch ?
There is no reason why you could not fit a UPVC door into an existing frame , but it will depend on the frame thickness and as it will need to be compatible with the design that you choose .
Speak to your local installer for further advice .
What are sash windows ?
A FlushSash casement window fits true to its frame to give a beautiful flush appearance .
The sash closes level into the outer frame , so it sits in line , rather than protruding from the exterior brickwork of your home like traditional Sash Windows .
The result is a clean , modern and stylish appearance .
What are the Benefits of uPVC Windows ?
There are a number of ways in which uPVC windows can benefit you and your home .
Firstly , uPVC windows are low maintenance .
The window frames do n’t need painting or sealing which significantly reduces the maintenance required over their lifetime , uPVC windows are easily cleaned with soapy water .
A key benefit of uPVC windows is that they do n’t rot and are resistant to corrosion , this makes uPVC windows extremely long lasting .
Unlike metals , uPVC is non-conductive , so your window frames will not transfer heat and contribute to a more consistent internal temperature for your home .
Combining uPVC window frames and double glazing makes for highly energy efficient windows .
uPVC windows provide excellent acoustic insulation .
Double glazed uPVC windows can cut down noise by as much as 70 % .
Thanks to their integrated locking systems , uPVC windows provide a high level of security for your home .
Most uPVC window locking systems lock at multiple points all around the sash and frame .
Compared to aluminium and timber alternatives , uPVC windows are low cost .
Prices can vary depending on the quality and features of the windows , but you can expect a much more affordable price by choosing a uPVC window .
Can I use a conservatory all year round ?
Yes , a modern conservatory with a UPVC frame offers excellent insulation against cold winter days , meaning that you can use it as a complement to your living space all year round .
How secure is a conservatory ?
Place pointer on station to display corresponding plot or click on station to view station page .
Nailgun : Insanely Fast Java
Important Update
Nailgun has been a lot of fun to work on , and it 's been great to see how others have used it .
And even though I have not updated it myself in several years , it 's gratifying to see that not only is it still useful to others , but it also still receives regular code contributions from people who count on it .
In particular , Jim Purbrick and Ilya Klyuchnikov of Facebook have made tremendous contributions and have been all - around good stewards of the code - as have several other Facebook engineers I 'm sure , on whose behalf both Jim and Ilya have submitted contributions .
So it only makes sense that as of October , 2017 I am transferring the nailgun repository to Facebook for future development .
Thanks to everyone who has contributed , used , documented , recommended , or otherwise helped with this project .
I 'm looking forward to seeing where Facebook takes it !
- Marty
Thinnest .
Client .
Ever ?
Nailgun is a client , protocol , and server for running Java programs from the command line without incurring the JVM startup overhead .
Programs run in the server ( which is implemented in Java ) , and are triggered by the client ( written in C ) , which handles all I/O .
What 's New ?
See the Changelog .
How does it work ?
See the project background .
How do I get it ?
From GitHub .
Before you download it , be aware that * it 's not secure * .
Not even close .
Although there are means to ensure that the client is connected to the server from the local machine , there is not yet any concept of a " user " .
Any programs that run in Nailgun are run with the same permissions as the server itself .
You have been warned .
How do I use it ?
See the Quick Start guide .
WASHINGTON — All plows can do here is push snow from one spot to another , displacing it into shoulder - high escarpments , walling off parked cars , confounding pedestrians and blocking drivers ' lines of sight .
William Howland has his own plan .
In Lot 25 , a vacant yard bordered by the Anacostia River , a derelict hospital and a congressional cemetery , Mr. Howland , the head of the D.C. Department of Public Works , is building a snow mountain .
Around 15 dump trucks an hour arrive and unload their cargo , a gray - white mass of snow , sand , ...
( NaturalNwes ) Doctors and researchers are beginning to question the outlandish claims being made by the media in response to alleged breakthroughs in cancer research .
In an editorial published in the ( JNCI ) , several doctors expressed concern that news pieces fail to accurately reflect the truth concerning drugs and scientific studies .
Drs. Lisa Schwartz and Steven Woloshin from the Center for Medicine and the Media at the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice in New Hampshire , along with Dr. Barnett Kramer from JNCI , examined media claims about a new anti-cancer drug called olaparib that was reported on in the acclaimed ( NEJM ) .
Though the study was uncontrolled and preliminary , some sources were claiming it as the most important cancer breakthrough in ten years .
Another report exaggerated study findings concerning alcohol and cancer risk .
In response to a study that showed a two - percent increase in breast cancer risk from drinking one alcoholic beverage a day versus not drinking at all , one media source produced a headline that said , " A drink a day raises a women 's risk of cancer " , with no mention of the important details in the article .
Perhaps a simple oversight , the coverage failed to accurately assess the truth and may have needlessly scared readers concerning alcohol consumption .
Coverage concerning pharmaceutical drugs is often the most inaccurate .
Aside from the fact that many drug studies are corrupted from the start because of who is bankrolling them , negative findings are often omitted from the results while miniscule benefits are highlighted as breakthroughs .
The intensity and rate of severe negative side effects from pharmaceutical drugs is routinely left out of mainstream reports concerning drug study results .
Some of the most common drugs for which exaggerated and inaccurate claims are made include antidepressant medications , statin drugs , and vaccines .
Not only are they typically ineffective at performing the task for which they are prescribed , they are highly dangerous and come with significant side effects .
Since many medical journals themselves omit important study details , it is no wonder that coverage problems are occurring .
Editorialists at JNCI are encouraging editors of medical journals and journalists to utilize a tip sheet they created that will assist in gathering accurate , thorough information concerning study findings .
It offers assistance in knowing what questions to ask , interpreting data and statistics , and indicating the existence of study flaws and limitations in reports .
They hope that improvements in the way journalists research information will lead to more accurate reporting .
From 1871 :
I hunted up statistics , and was amazed to find that after all the glaring newspaper headings concerning railroad disasters , less than three hundred people had really lost their lives by those disasters in the preceding twelve months .
The Erie road was set down as the most murderous in the list .
It had killed forty - six — or twenty - six , I do not exactly remember which , but I know the number was double that of any other road .
But the fact straightway suggested itself that the Erie was an immensely long road , and did more business than any other line in the country ; so the double number of killed ceased to be matter for surprise .
By further figuring , it appeared that between New York and Rochester the Erie ran eight passenger trains each way every day — sixteen altogether ; and carried a daily average of 6,000 persons .
That is about a million in six months — the population of New York city .
Well , the Erie kills from thirteen to twenty - three persons out of its million in six months ; and in the same time 13,000 of New York ’s million die in their beds !
My flesh crept , my hair stood on end .
“ This is appalling ! ” I said .
“ The danger is n’t in travelling by rail , but in trusting to those deadly beds .
I will never sleep in a bed again . ”
Zoolander is finally getting a sequel .
Hurrah !is reporting that Ben Stiller will be back as the dim - witted supermodel , with Iron Man scribe Justin Theroux set to write and direct .
Theroux is so dedicated to the project that he 's apparently going to Paris Fashion Week to " immerse himself on what is current in fashion " .
There 's no word on further casting or plot yet , though Paramount is hoping Owen Wilson will sign up to play Hansel once more .
Jonah
Hill is in negotiations to play the villain .
Despite making a ton of money on DVD , the original Zoolander actually flopped at the box office ( probably because it came out just after September 11 , 2001 ) .
As such , Paramount will be looking at small - ish budget ( under $ 50 m ) for the sequel .
A spokesman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection now says that a man who was handcuffed and questioned by authorities on Christmas Day was a passenger on
-- just days after saying that person arrived to Detroit aboard a different flight .
In an
, Customs spokesman Ron Smith acknowledged that a person from Flight 253 was handcuffed after search dogs found something in his carry - on bag .
Smith said the email -- which was also sent to attorneys Lori and Kurt Haskell -- was based on new information he had received .
The passenger was not arrested or detained , and was allowed to leave Detroit Metro Airport with the rest of the Flight 253 passengers ,
.
The News said nothing was found in the man 's bag .
The Haskells and at least two other Flight 253 passengers said they
by authorities while they were waiting to be questioned by the FBI following Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab 's alleged attack on Flight 253 .
On Tuesday night , Smith told MLive.com that someone had been detained at Detroit Metro Airport following the incident on Flight 253 , but could not say why the person was detained or whether the person would face charges .
In a subsequent interview with MLive.com on Wednesday , Smith said the man was aboard a separate flight and that he was questioned for reasons unrelated to Flight 253 .
He added that passengers from various flights went through customs processing in one centralized location .
Kurt Haskell , who first
of seeing a man being taken out of customs by authorities ,
on MLive.com saying Smith was " playing the American public for a fool " by saying the handcuffed man was on a different flight .
The FBI has , since we landed , insisted that only one man was arrested for the airliner attack ( contradicting my account ) .
However , several of my fellow passengers have come over the past few days , backed up my claim , and put pressure on FBI / Customs to tell the truth .
Early today , I heard from two different reporters that a federal agency ( FBI or Customs ) was now admitting that another man has been held ( and will be held indefinitely ) since our flight landed for " immigration reasons . "
Notice that this man was " being held " and not " arrested " , which was a cute semantic ploy by the FBI to stretch the truth and not lie .
A spokesman for the FBI in Washington , D.C. told MLive.com on Tuesday that Abdulmutallab was the only person arrested or charged in relation to the foiled attack on Flight 253 .
Your News Of The Entertainment World As You See It !
Unusually strong weekly remarks today from the Republican side , Maine Sen. Susan Collins .
With the New York City terrorist trials in the news , Collins focuses on the " lawyering up " of the Christmas airplane bomber by Obama Justice officials after less than an hour of interrogation -- and without consultation with administration intelligence experts .
... reviews some of the things he said during his 70 - minute State of the Union speech Wednesday night .
Such as vowing to cut the federal deficit and impose a spending freeze in some areas .
Full Obama speech text here as usual .
Full Republican response here as usual .
Additionally , we had an interesting event Friday when Obama met with GOP House members for a candid exchange about what is and is not possible together .
In case you were otherwise occupied last evening , we published an item here on how to look inside these events , their goals and motivations
-- Andrew Malcolm
Click here to receive Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
You can also go to our new Facebook fan page here
Remarks by Republican Sen. Susan Collins , as provided by the Republican National Committee
Less than one hour .
That ’s right , less than one hour .
In fact , just fifty minutes .
That ’s the amount of time that the FBI spent questioning Abdulmutallab , the foreign terrorist who tried to blow up a plane on Christmas Day .
Then , he was given a Miranda warning and a lawyer , and , not surprisingly , he stopped talking .
How did we get to this point ?
How did the Obama administration decide to treat a foreign terrorist , who had tried to murder hundreds of people , as if he were a common criminal ?
On Christmas Day , the skies above Detroit became a battleground in the War on Terrorism .
That day the bomb being carried by Abdulmutallab failed to detonate .
Thanks to the courageous action of the passengers and crew , nearly 300 lives were saved on the plane and more lives were spared on the ground .
The government ’s security system , a front line in the war against terrorists , failed long before Abdulmutallab boarded his flight to the United States .
It failed when his visa was n’t revoked , even though his father had warned our embassy in Nigeria about his son ’s ties to Islamic extremists .
It failed when the intelligence community was unable to connect the dots that would have placed Abdulmutallab on the terrorist watchlist .
It failed when this terrorist stepped on to the plane in Amsterdam with the same explosive used by the ‘ Shoe Bomber , ’ Richard Reid , more than 8 years ago .
But , today , I want to discuss another failure – a failure that occurred after Abdulmutallab had already been detained by authorities in Detroit – an error that undoubtedly prevented the collection of valuable intelligence about future terrorist threats to our country .
This failure occurred when the Obama Justice Department unilaterally decided to treat this foreign terrorist as an ordinary criminal .
Abdulmutallab was questioned for less than one hour before the Justice Department advised him that he could remain silent and offered him an attorney at our expense .
Once afforded the protection our Constitution guarantees American citizens , this foreign terrorist ‘ lawyered up ’ and stopped talking .
When the Obama administration decided to treat Abdulmutallab as an ordinary criminal , it did so without the input of our nation ’s top intelligence officials .
The Director of National Intelligence was not consulted .
The Secretary of Defense was not consulted .
The Secretary of Homeland Security was not consulted .
The Director of the National Counterterrorism Center was not consulted .
They would have explained the importance of gathering all possible intelligence about Yemen , where there is a serious threat from terrorists whose sights are trained on this nation .
They would have explained the critical nature of learning all we could from Abdulmutallab .
But they were never asked .
President Obama recently used the phrase that ‘ we are at war ’ with terrorists .
But ....
... unfortunately his rhetoric does not match the actions of his administration .
The Obama administration appears to have a blind spot when it comes to the War on Terrorism .
And , because of that blindness , this administration cannot see a foreign terrorist even when he stands right in front of them , fresh from an attempt to blow a plane out of the sky on Christmas Day .
There ’s no other way to explain the irresponsible , indeed dangerous , decision on Abdulmutallab ’s interrogation .
There ’s no other way to explain the inconceivable treatment of him as if he were a common criminal .
This charade must stop .
Foreign terrorists are enemy combatants and they must be treated as such .
The safety of the American people depends on it .
I ’m Senator Susan Collins from Maine .
Thank you for listening .
###
Remarks by President Obama , as provided by the White House
At this time last year , amidst headlines about banks on the verge of collapse and job losses of 700,000 a month , we received another troubling piece of news about our economy .
Our economy was shrinking at an alarming rate – the largest six - month decline in 50 years .
Our factories and farms were producing less ; our businesses were selling less ; and more job losses were on the horizon .
One year later , according to numbers released this past week , this trend has reversed itself .
For the past six months , our economy has been growing again .
And last quarter , it grew more quickly than at any time in the past six years .
This is a sign of progress .
And it ’s an affirmation of the difficult decisions we made last year to pull our financial system back from the brink and get our economy moving again .
But when so many people are still struggling – when one in ten Americans still can’t find work , and millions more are working harder and longer for less – our mission is n’t just to grow the economy .
It ’s to grow jobs for folks who want them , and ensure wages are rising for those who have them .
It ’s not just about improvements we see in quarterly statistics , but ones people feel in their daily lives – a bigger paycheck ; more security ; the ability to give your kids a decent shot in life and still have enough to retire one day yourself .
That ’s why job creation will be our number one focus in 2010 .
We ’ll put more Americans back to work rebuilding our infrastructure all across the country .
And since the true engines of job creation are America ’s businesses , I ’ve proposed tax credits to help them hire new workers , raise wages , and invest in new plants and equipment .
I also want to eliminate all capital gains taxes on small business investment , and help small businesses get the loans they need to open their doors and expand their operations .
But as we work to create jobs , it is critical that we rein in the budget deficits we ’ve been accumulating for far too long – deficits that wo n’t just burden our children and grandchildren , but could damage our markets , drive up our interest rates , and jeopardize our recovery right now .
There are certain core principles our families and businesses follow when they sit down to do their own budgets .
They accept that they ca n’t get everything they want and focus on what they really need .
They make tough decisions and sacrifice for their kids .
They do n’t spend what they do n’t have , and they make do with what they ’ve got .
It ’s time their government did the same .
That ’s why I ’m pleased that the Senate has just restored the pay - as - you - go law that was in place back in the 1990s .
It ’s no coincidence that we ended that decade with a $ 236 billion surplus .
But then we did away with PAYGO – and we ended the next decade with a $ 1.3 trillion deficit .
Reinstating this law will help get us back on track , ensuring that every time we spend , we find somewhere else to cut .
I ’ve also proposed a spending freeze , so that as we increase investments in things we need , like job creation and middle class tax cuts – we cut spending on those we do n’t , like tax cuts for oil companies and investment fund managers , and programs that are redundant , obsolete , or simply ineffective .
Spending related to Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security will not be affected – and neither will national security – but all other discretionary government programs will .
Finally , I ’ve called for a bi-partisan Fiscal Commission – a panel of Democrats and Republicans who would sit down and hammer out concrete deficit - reduction proposals by a certain deadline .
Because we ’ve heard plenty of talk and a lot of yelling on TV about deficits , and it ’s now time to come together and make the painful choices we need to eliminate those deficits .
This past week , 53 Democrats and Republicans voted for this commission in the Senate .
But it failed when seven Republicans who had co-sponsored this idea in the first place suddenly decided to vote against it .
Now , it ’s one thing to have an honest difference of opinion about something .
I will always respect those who take a principled stand for what they believe , even if I disagree with them .
But what I wo n’t accept is changing positions because it ’s good politics .
What I wo n’t accept is opposition for opposition ’s sake .
We cannot have a serious discussion and take meaningful action to create jobs and control our deficits if politicians just do what ’s necessary to win the next election instead of what ’s best for the next generation .
I ’m ready and eager to work with anyone who ’s serious about solving the real problems facing our people and our country .
I welcome anyone who comes to the table in good faith to help get our economy moving again and fulfill this country ’s promise .
That ’s why we were elected in the first place .
That ’s what the American people expect and deserve .
And that ’s what we must deliver .
Thank you .
#####
Photos : Associated Press ; Office of Sen. Collins ; Ron Edmonds / Associated Press .
It was supposed to be epic .
It was supposed to be a classic .
It was supposed to be close !
Yes , it was supposed to be the tournament 's two best teams , meeting unexpectedly in the quarterfinals , fighting tooth and nail to the bitter end to determine who would march on as favourites for gold and who would leave Vancouver with nothing .
But after five minutes it was 1 - 0 .
After fifteen minutes , 3 - 1 , and by the end of the first period , 4 - 1 . Nervous giddiness spread through the crowd .
A 4 - 1 lead is not insurmountable but it would n't be easy .
Everyone knew it .
Then less than five minutes into the second the Canadians led 6 - 1 and the party was on .
Maxim Afinogenov 's second Russian goal did n't stir the kind of fear you expected from a Russian goal before the game .
It was n't just the four - goal margin but also the way it had been built .
The Canadians were physically dominant , hitting , winning battles along the boards and in open ice .
The Russians could n't break enough cycles , could n't block enough shots , could n't stop enough cross-ice passes .
The goal did n't stir fear because the 6 - 2 score was a fair reflection of the play .
The Russians were outscored 3:1 because , improbably , they were outchanced 3:1 and Evgeni Nabokov could n't make the big save .
Heck , he could n't make the small save .
Before the seventh goal entered the net he could n't make any save at all , having been relegated to the bench .
And then it happened .
" We Want Swe - Den ! We Want Swe - Den ! We Want Swe - Den ! "
With five minutes left the Russians were treated no different than the Germans - the Germans ! - as the fans looked forward to the next game ( for the record , I want Slovakia ) .
They were as nothing , like a Barry Horowitz - level jobber , a mere stepping stone in a larger more important storyline .
With five minutes left they were of no consequence .
The Russians were of no consequence .
The Alex Ovechkin , Evgeni Malkin , Ilya Kovalchuk , Pavel Datsyuk Russians .
Unbelievable .
For more detail - oriented analysis on Canada - Russia , including play - by - play and line matching , it 's after the jump .
Today I decided to pay a bit more attention to matchups but did n't think I 'd be able to note everyone on both clubs , so I noted two ( or three ) of the Russian forwards that the Canadian line faced for most of their shift .
It should at least give us some idea of what the coaches were doing .
To make things easier on the eyes , the Canadians are marked by their jersey numbers and for the Russians I used their initials .
I have a guide for both before the data .
2 - Duncan Keith
6 - Shea Weber
7 - Brent Seabrook
8 - Drew Doughty
10 - Brenden Morrow
11 - Patrick Marleau
12 - Jarome Iginla
15 - Dany Heatley
16 - Jonathan Toews
18 - Mike Richards
19 - Joe Thornton
20 - Chris Pronger
21 - Eric Staal
22 - Dan Boyle
24 - Corey Perry
27 - Scott Niedermayer
37 - Patrice Bergeron
51 - Ryan Getzlaf
61 - Rick Nash
87 - Sidney Crosby
AM - Alexei Morozov
AO - Alex Ovechkin
AR - Alex Radulov
AS - Alex Semin
DZ - Denis Zaripov
EM - Evgeni Malkin
IK - Ilya Kovalchuk
MA - Maxim Afinogenov
PD - Pavel Datsyuk
SF - Sergei Fedorov
SZ - Sergei Zinoviev
VK - Viktor Kozlov
First Period
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO /EM / AS
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO/EM
21-87-12 and 02-08 v. PD/IK / MA
15 -19 -11 and 20-07 OZ FO Icing v. AM / SZ/DZ
10 - 51 - 24 and 20 - 22 v. ??/?? ends in Cdn. GOAL
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO/EM
21-87-12 and 02-08 v. PD /IK
15 -19 -11 and 20-07 v. AM /SZ
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-08 v. AR/SF/VK
10 - 51 - 24 and 27-06 DZ FO v. AR /SF
61 -16-18 and 27-06 v. AO /EM
61 -16-18 and 27-06 OZ FO v. AO/EM
21-87-12 and 02-08 v. PD /IK
15 -19 -11 and 02-08 v. PD /IK
21-87-12 and 20-07 OZ FO v. AM / SZ ends in Cdn. penalty in DZ
37-10 and 27-06 DZ FO
16 -18 and 27-06 DZ FO
37-10 and 02-08
11-61 and 02-08
16 -18 and 27-06 DZ FO
11-61 and 27-06
37-10 and 02-08 DZ FO penalty ends
21-87-37 and 20-22 DZ
FO v. ??/??
21-87-27 and 20-22 DZ
FO v. ??/?? with 37 to bench on clear
21-87-12 and 20 - 22 v. ??/?? ends in Rus. penalty in their DZ
21-87-12 and 02-08 OZ
FO
15 -19 -11 and 02-08
15 -19 -11 and 22-06 ends in Cdn. GOAL
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO / EM ends in Cdn. GOAL
21-87-12 and 02-08 NZ FO v. PD /IK
10 - 51 - 24 and 20-07 DZ FO v. ??/??
10 - 51 - 24 and 20-07 OZ FO v. AR / SF ends in Rus. GOAL
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO/EM
15 -19 -11 and 02-08 v. AO / PV
21-87-12 and 02-08 OZ FO v. PD /IK
10 - 51 - 24 and 27-06 OZ FO v. AO / EM and Cdn. make immediate change with wrong match
61 -16-18 and 27-06 v. AO /EM
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-22 v. AM / SZ ends in Cdn. GOAL
15 -19 -11 and 20-07 NZ FO v. AR /SF
21-87-12 and 27-06 v. PD /IK
21-87-12 and 27-06 OZ
FO v. PD /IK
61 -16-18 and 27-06 v. PD /IK
19 -16-18 and 02-08 DZ FO v. AO / EM with 16 taking faceoff
Second Period
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO/EM
21-87-12 and 02-08 DZ
FO v. PD /IK
15 -19 -11 and 02-08 v. PD /IK
15 -19 -11 and 02-08 DZ FO Icing v. AM /SZ
15 -19 -11 and 20 - 22 v. AM /SZ
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-07 v. AR / SF ends in Cdn. GOAL
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO/EM
12-87-16 and 27-06 v. AO / EM ends in Cdn. GOAL
21-87-12 and 02-08 NZ FP v. PD / IK ends in Rus. GOAL ( 19 on for 87 in bad change )
15 -19 -11 and 20 - 22 NZ FO v. AM /SZ
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-07 v. EM/VK /AR
61 -16-18 and 27-06 OZ FO v. AO / SF / AS
21-87-12 and 02-08 NZ FO v. AO / SF / AS
61 -16-18 and 02-08 v. PD /IK
15 -19 -11 and 20 - 22 v. PD /IK
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-07 NZ FO v. AM /SZ
21-51 - 24 and 02-07 v. AM /SZ
21-87-12 and 20-22 NZ
FO v. EM / AR
61 -16-18 and 27-06 v. AO / SF ends in Cdn. penalty in DZ
37 -18 and 27-06 DZ FO ends in Rus. GOAL
61 -16-18 and 27-06 NZ FO v. AO /SF
21-87-12 and 02-08 OZ FO Icing v. AO/SF
15 -19 -11 and 02-08 v. ??/?? ends in Rus. penalty in their DZ
15-19 -11 and 22-06 OZ FO
21-87-12 and 02-08
10 - 87 -12 and 02-08 penalty ends
10 - 51-61 and 20-07 v. PD /IK
61 -16-18 and 27-06 v. AO / ??
15 -19 -11 and 27-06 v. AO /IK
15-19 -11 and 02-22 NZ FO v. AO /SF
21-87-12 and 20 - 22 v. VK /EM
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-08 v. PD /IK
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-08 DZ FO Icing v. PD / IK ends in Cdn. penalty in DZ
16 -18 and 27-06 DZ FO
37-10 and 27-06 DZ FO
Third Period
16 -18 and 27-06 NZ FO
37 -10 and 27-20
37 -18 and 20-08
87-61 and 27-06 DZ FO penalty ends
21-87-12 and 02-07 OZ FO v. ??/??
61 -16-18 and 27-??
NZ FO v. AO / SF / EM ends in Rus. penalty in their DZ
51 -87-12 and 02-08 OZ
FO with 51 replacing 12 who left ice injured on previous shift
15-19 -11 and 22-06 NZ FO
10 - 51 - 24 and 20 - 22 penalty ends
61 -16-18 and 27-08 v. AO/SF/EM
21-87-12 and 27-08 v. AM / SZ ends in Rus. penalty in NZ
61 -51 - 24 and 20-27 OZ
FO
61 -87 -24 and 20 -27
15 -19-11 and 02-08 penalty ends
61 -16-18 and 27-06 OZ FO v. PD /IK
21-87-12 and 20-08 NZ FO v. AO/EM
21-87-12 and 20-08 OZ FO Icing v. AO/EM
10 - 51 - 24 and 02-07 v. SZ /AM
15 -19 -11 and 22-08 v. PD /IK
61 -16-18 and 20-07 v. AS / AR
21-87-12 and 27-06 DZ
FO v. AS / AR/VK
61 -16-18 and 02-08 DZ FO v. AO/EM
10 - 51 - 24 and 20-??
DZ FO v. PD /IK
10 - 51 - 24 and 27-06 DZ FO v. PD /IK
15 -19 -11 and 27-06 v. PD /IK
15-19 -11 and 02-08 NZ FO v. AS / AR/VK
15 -19 -11 and 02-20 v. AS / AR / VK ends in Cdn. penalty in DZ
37-10 and 27-06 DZ FO
16 -18 and 27-06
16-10 and 27-06
37-10 and 02-08 DZ FO
11-61 and 02-08 penalty ends
21-87-12 and 27-22 v. AR / AS / VK ends in both Rus. and Cdn. penalties
19 - 11 and 02-08 NZ FO
19 - 11 and 02-08 NZ FO
16-61 and 27-20
87 -21 and 27-20 NZ FO
37-10 and 27-06 penalty ends
10 -37 - 24 and 02-06 v. ??/??
15-19 -11 and 02-08 DZ FO v. ??/??
End of Game
For the second straight game , it seems to me the most relevant data for how the Canadian coaches will act going forward comes from the first period .
Both coaches seemed to feel comfortable with the same matchups at first .
Crosby was kept away from Ovechkin and Ovechkin was kept away from Crosby .
Instead of Crosby Babcock chose to go with the Nash - Toews - Richards group and they were very effective in that " checking " role , especially considering the two guys with Ovechkin to start the game were Semin and Malkin .
That line ( along with the revamped Ducks line ) were put together at the end of the German game and looked good .
I thought they might start this game together so I 'll just give myself a hearty pat on the back for getting that one right .
I get enough wrong that it 's gratifying .
On paper , these guys are probably the softest match so I can understand ( despite Pierre McGuire 's incessant protest ) why the Russian coach persisted for so long .
If you need to avoid this match , who the hell are you going to go after ?
The question was answered once when the Russian coach put Ovechkin - Malkin - Semin against Getzlaf 's unit with the Ducks out for an OZ draw .
Babcock got those guys the hell off the ice in a hurry which leads me to believe he does n't think too much of their defensive chops .
Either that or the match he had was working so he wanted to just keep it going .
Crosby 's line , meanwhile , generally went up against Pavel Datsyuk , Ilya Kovalchuk and Maxim Afinogenov .
Not your traditional checking line but Datsyuk is Russia 's best defensive forward so giving him the Crosby match makes sense .
I was surprised the Russian coach gave him those two wingers but it's not like there are a lot of soft matchups to exploit against the Canadians , so maybe it makes some sense to have some counter - punch on the line and make Crosby think about playing defence .
That left the Sharks line and the Ducks line with easier pickings .
The all - KHL line probably was n't the strongest unit to begin with and considering Zinoviev 's injury they were very exploitable .
Sergei Fedorov , meanwhile , did not look very good in this game .
He 's fine enough against most teams in this tournament on the fourth line but the Canadians had enough depth to make him look bad .
The Ducks line did a better job of making things happen than the Sharks group for the first time in the tournament .
Good timing for them .
Much like last game Bergeron was a faceoff / PK specialist which is fine .
You 'd almost rather they bring in an actual specialist for the role but I guess Bergeron is a good enough player that he can fill in if there 's an injury without a huge dropoff ( depending on which player he needs to fill in for of course ) .
On defence they continued to go with the Niedermayer - Weber and Keith - Doughty pairings through the first .
They seem to have settled on Pronger - Seabrook as the third pairing and were rotating Dan Boyle ( who had his best game by far ) into the lineup here and there .
That looks pretty good to me and at this point those top two pairings might even be getting comfortable with one another .
That said , Niedermayer allowed another breakaway in this game .
He just does n't seem aware of guys getting behind him without the puck .
A disturbing trend .
But on the whole he and Weber did a good job of playing " shut - down " against Ovechkin and co .
I introduced the day as a great day for hockey , and it certainly was that !
The four - line game is working well and I do n't expect any significant changes two days from now .
Splitting the Check
Raf is preparing to abscond , Ray is officially official , and Will just gained +10 arrogance : http://twitter.com/willrayraf/status/5593356865
Alt - Text : ' Wait ...
Does he think we 're on a date ? '
Washington ( CNN ) -- A U.S. missile defense test failed Sunday when a long - range missile missed its target because of radar problems .
The Defense Department said a target missile was launched from an Army test site at Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands at 7:40 p.m .
Six minutes later , a second missile was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , to find the first one and destroy it .
Both missiles flew successfully , but missed each other because of a problem in the sea - based X - band radar , the department 's Missile Defense Agency said .
The X - band radar sits atop a modified floating oil platform and provides information about incoming missiles so military officials can launch a response .
" Both the target missile and ground - based interceptor performed nominally after launch .
However , the sea - based X - band radar did not perform as expected , " the agency said .
Officials intend to investigate the cause of the interception failure .
When former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones recently formed a new rock band , the music flowed easily .
The struggle : inventing a name for the group .
Between takes in a recording studio , Mr. Jones brainstormed about names with his new band mates , including former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl , then checked them online .
Their first choice , Caligula , turned up at least seven acts named after the decadent Roman emperor , including a defunct techno outfit from Australia .
Eventually the rockers decided on Them Crooked Vultures ....
The family of a former Gitmo detainee are still waiting years later for answers regarding the events leading up to their son ’s death .
Hope that a second autopsy would provide those answers has been at a standstill as the doctor who performed the autopsy waits for U.S. officials to respond to a request for the return of the deceased ’s missing throat , a request the Pentagon now appears to be denying was ever made .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ahmed Ali Al - Salami was one of three inmates at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba ’s Naval base whose death in 2006 was ruled a suicide by the U.S. military .
The suicides , referred to at the time as “ an act of asymmetrical warfare ” by Rear Adm .
Harry Harris , commander of Joint Task Force - Guantanamo have been called into new focus in January of this year .
A report published in Harper ’s Magazine , and written by constitutional scholar and Contributing Editor of Harper ’s Scott Horton , includes details provided to Harper ’s by four members of a U.S. military intelligence unit assigned to Guantanamo Bay .
“ All four soldiers say they were ordered by their commanding officer not to speak out , and all four soldiers provide evidence that authorities initiated a cover - up within hours of the prisoners ’ deaths , ” reported Horton .
It also seems that rather than supplying the deceased ’s missing throat and other necessary items , the Pentagon is attempting to cast aspersions on Horton ’s report , ‘ The Guantanamo “ Suicides ” : A Camp Delta sergeant blows the whistle . ’
From a report in Human Events , unnamed sources with the “ Obama - run Pentagon and NCIS ” issued the following statement :
“ An article in Harper ’s Magazine on - line claiming that the suicides were actually homicides , and the NCIS knowingly participated in a coverup of those killings , is nonsense .
NCIS categorically and unequivocally rejects these accusations .
The Harper ’s article incorporates a great deal of supposition , intended to fill in where details are unknown to the author .
It contains numerous factual errors . ”
Horton followed up on Wednesday this week with Rachid Mesli , to counter the to counter the Pentagon ’s assertion that no request was made for the missing throat .
Mesli is the legal director of Alkarama , a Swiss - based group that documents human rights abuses in the Arab world .
Al - Salami ’s family sought his help in arranging a secondary autopsy by an independent team of forensic scientists for their son .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mesli provides a copy of the letter he sent to the Armed Forces Medical Examiner , Dr. Craig Mallack that requested — among other items —
“ A copy of the report of autopsy carried out by your team and the histological samples as well as the anatomical sample corresponding to the upper airways including the larynx , the hyoid bone and the thyroid cartilage removed in one piece during the autopsy . ”
While no written response was ever obtained , repeated efforts to reach Dr. Mallack were finally successful , says Mesli .
“ Dr. Mallak stated that he was not allowed to cooperate with any organization without an explicit authorization from U.S. authorities .
Such authorization had not been granted to him , he said .
Accordingly , our request for the missing body parts and other documents was made formally and in writing , we know it was received by Dr. Mallak , and Dr. Mallak made clear that he was not being permitted to cooperate with us or the pathologists conducting the second autopsy . ”
After reading the following passage in the Human Events report , another unnamed source calls into question the fate of Al - Salami ’s throat .
“ The parts are not missing .
The pathologist removed them for examination and determined they were consistent with hanging .
They were kept , as is standard procedure , until the criminal investigation is completed , which happened in 2008 , ” says the author .
“ I am told authoritatively that the families have not requested the neck organs . ”
This seems to suggest that once the military ’s criminal investigation into itself was finished , the throat and neck organs were in all probability destroyed .
With the latest release ( 0.0.6 ) just out the door I think it ’s about time to write a little post about one of my pet projects , gitg .
I guess most people will think ‘ argh , not yet another git GUI ’ , but hear me out :)
I was trying to understand git , but found the initial transition ( as many other people ) a bit hard .
So , I thought what better way to learn , then to write a gui client .
Born was gitg 0.0.1 .
The purpose of the project was to provide a GitX like application , targeted at GNOME .
It had to be fast , nice looking and generally useful ( as you can see in the left screenshot , it loaded the linux repository of 20.000 + commits in under a second ) .
The latest version which has just been released has quite some features already , including :
Show repository history using ‘ git log ’ syntax
Commit mode featuring per-hunk staging
Basic fetch / push / merge / rebase functionality
Cherry - pick
Drag and drop rebase / merge
Drag and drop format - patch export
View and export repository file tree at any revision
Tag support
Stash support
Basic remotes management
In any case , if you want to give it a spin , it ’s a vailable in the latest debian and ubuntu ( I do n’t know about other distributions ) , but the version is a bit outdated .
For the latest and greatest :
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Istanbul
Azadiya Welat 's website featured its editor 's conviction on its front page
A Turkish court has sentenced the editor of a Kurdish newspaper to 21 years in prison for publishing material sympathetic to the outlawed PKK .
The editor , Ozan Kilinc , allowed 12 editions of the paper to go out with references to the PKK , the Kurdistan Workers ' Party .
Comments or acts judged supportive of the PKK are a serious crime in Turkey .
Turkey 's record on media freedom is one of the main obstacles to its bid to become a member of the European Union .
Anti-terrorism law
Published in the city of Diyarbakir since 1994 , the newspaper Azadiya Welat , or Independence Homeland , has already been shut down five times .
Judges deemed its references to the PKK to be giving support to a terrorist movement .
The PKK is regarded as a terrorist group by the EU and the US .
The paper had described the jailed leader of the PKK , Abdullah Ocalan , as the " leader of the Kurdish people " - and it had failed to describe Turkish soldiers killed in battle as " martyrs " .
Under Turkey 's tough anti-terrorism law , that resulted in a sentence for its editor which is longer than the term prosecutors are demanding for the man accused of murdering the Armenian journalist Hrant Dink three years ago .
But this verdict is not unique .
Last month , a 15 - year - old Kurdish girl was jailed for nearly eight years for throwing stones at police during a demonstration .
Prosecutors have demanded a 32 - year sentence for a journalist charged over writing a book critical of the police investigation into Hrant Dink 's murder .
The European Court of Human Rights has repeatedly challenged decisions by the Turkish courts .
EU officials say the prevailing culture among judges and prosecutors , and the severity of several articles in the criminal code , pose serious obstacles to Turkey 's bid for EU membership .
But despite many promises , the government has so far made little progress in reforming the judiciary .
HUNTSVILLE --
Huntsville was ranked second out of 387 metro areas - and Mobile was No. 4 - in Moody 's Economy 's latest report on expected employment growth .
The Huntsville economy is beginning to recover from the recession , bolstered by the federal economic stimulus , the increased demand for durable goods and the ongoing relocation of federal and military jobs resulting from the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission decision , according to Martin Soler Garcia , an assistant economist for Moody 's Economy.com .
In his analysis , Garcia predicts employment in Huntsville will grow 2.5 percent this year and 4.3 percent , 4.8 percent and 4.4 percent for the following three years .
Personal income will increase by 3.1 percent this year , and grow by 5.4 percent , 7.3 percent and 7.1 percent over the following three years , according to the report .
Garcia forecasts the Huntsville area jobless rate , which in December was 8.1 percent for the Huntsville metro area , which includes Limestone County , will be 9.1 percent this year , then 8.2 percent in 2011 , 6.5 percent in 2012 and 5.7 percent in 2013 .
The Madison County jobless rate was 7.7 percent in December .
Other Alabama communities ' rankings in anticipated employment growth were Auburn - Opelika area , No. 23 ; Montgomery , 29 ; Birmingham - Hoover area , 53 ; and Tuscaloosa , 61 .
The report also put Huntsville in the No. 1 spot in a ranking of the metro areas ' risk - adjusted return for the period 2008 - 2013 .
The risk - adjusted return determines if a regional economy 's growth compensates for its volatility ; a positive value indicates that projected job growth compensates for the volatility in the region 's job growth .
Brian Hilson , president and CEO of the Huntsville / Madison County Chamber of Commerce , said the study and , in particular , the risk - adjusted return ranking " validates what we 've recognized for a long time .
The Huntsville metro area has a well - diversified , growing economy that represents one of the best investments a company can make out of all 387 metro areas in the country . "
It 's significant , Hilson said , that four Alabama metro areas were in the top seven and five were in the top 17 in the risk - adjusted return ranking .
" We 're seeing a lot of potential for growth across the board , " including the defense industry and in the healthcare , technology and automotive fields , said Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle .
" Our job is to make sure those potentials become a reality . "
The report noted two Huntsville strengths : per capita income well above state trends , and the University of Alabama in Huntsville becoming increasingly competitive .
The weaknesses : high exposure to durable - goods manufacturing , susceptibility to changes in federal government spending priorities and remote location far from larger metro areas .
The November report was compiled for Moody 's by Precis Metro , and the findings were released this week by Gov. Bob Riley .
" We 're beginning to see evidence that Alabama 's economy is improving and this report validates that , " Riley said in a release .
" This is a strong indication that pockets in Alabama 's economy are growing and those areas will provide a positive impact on the economy of the entire state , " Neal Wade , director of the Alabama Development Office , said in a release .
" Other economic indicators also project that the state 's economy will begin to recover late this year and into 2011 especially as we see major projects that were recruited several years ago begin to start up operations this year . "
Brave and Lovely Woven Throw
The Bold and Lovely woven throw blanket is a cozy reminder to be brave and bright and let your lovely light shine through the darkness and to let your voice be heard through the silence .
The throw fe ...
$ 215.00
Will more money make you happier ?
Well , that depends on if you are paid hourly or by salary according to a new study published in and Social Psychology Bulletin .
Researchers from the University of Toronto and Stanford University have found that income was more strongly associated with for individuals paid by the hour than by salary .
Sanford E. DeVoe from the University of Toronto and Jeffrey Pfeffer from Stanford University argue that the influence of organizational practices , such as being paid by the hour , affects the strength of the relationship between income and happiness .
In the first two studies the researchers used survey data from a nationally representative sample from the United States to analyze respondents ’ income , hourly status , and overall happiness .
They found that income was uncorrelated with happiness for salaried employees but significantly correlated with happiness for employees paid hourly .
In the third study , DeVoe and Pfeffer used longitudinal data from a nationally representative survey of British employees to see if the relationship between income and happiness varied by hourly status when all other individual differences are held constant .
The results indicated that changes in income are more strongly associated with changes in well - being when people are paid hourly .
In the last study , the researcher experimentally manipulated the saliency of an individual ’s hourly wage rate to see if this influenced the strength of the relationship between income and happiness .
Participants were randomly assigned to the control condition ( where they self - rated their well - being ) or the “ calculate hourly ” condition ( where they were asked to calculate their hourly wage from their yearly earnings and total hours worked and then self - rated their well - being ) .
This study indicates that the salience of someone ’s hourly wage rate caused non-hourly paid participants to exhibit a stronger connection between income and happiness .
Past research has indicated that when evaluating one ’s subjective well - being , salient information can influence the evaluation .
This information can either be temporarily or chronically available .
DeVoe and Pfeffer suggest that being paid by the hour promotes a chronic economic evaluation of time , making this information salient to an individual ’s evaluation of his / her happiness .
It would seem that money influences our happiness especially when it is chronically salient .
But , as the comedian Jackie Mason said , " Money is not the most important thing in the world .
Love is … Fortunately , I love money . "
For more articles and information , please visit : AdoreeDurayappah.com
Reference :
DeVoe et al .
When Is Happiness About How Much You Earn ?
The Effect of Hourly Payment on the Money -- Happiness Connection .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 2009 ; 35 ( 12 )
Whether or not Lennon did regret his associations with the radical left , I still remember his beliefs – and his voice – fondly .
Maurice Hindle ’s comments ( ’ Response ’ , The Guardian , 2 February [ 1 ] ) raise some interesting questions regarding John Lennon ’s politics .
For the record , it might be useful to point out that it was Lennon who rang and wanted a conversation , a year after the 1969 exchange on the Beatle ’s album Revolution in the “ ultra - left ” Black Dwarf .
We met a number of times before the interview that Robin Blackburn and I conducted for the even more “ ultra - left ” Red Mole .
The day after the interview he rang me and said he had enjoyed it so much that he ’d written a song for the movement , which he then proceeded to sing down the line : Power to the People .
The events in Derry on Bloody Sunday angered him greatly and he subsequently suggested that he wished to march on the next Troops Out demonstration on Ireland , and did so , together with Yoko Ono , wearing Red Mole T - shirts and holding the paper high .
Its headline was : “ For the IRA , Against British Imperialism ” . ’
We stayed in touch and talked to each other a great deal .
He invited Blackburn and myself over when Imagine was being composed .
I vividly remember him singing it at the kitchen table in Tittenhurst and then looking at us inquiringly .
“ The Politburo approves this one , ” I joked .
Later , the LP arrived and most of the songs in it were radical in the broad sense of the word ( as was Working Class Hero from his previous album ) .
Imagine , the utopian hymn , written during his most radical phase , was never repudiated and while he may have regretted some of his actions and remarks in the 1970s that song continued to represent his political hopes .
What has often been underestimated is the radical influence that Yoko Ono represented in both art and politics .
She had a huge impact on his ideas and , even in the late 70s , told him off in public for being too dismissive of his radicalism .
When he told me he was moving to the United States , I tried to dissuade him .
“ Too many kooks , ” I said .
“ Not in Manhattan , ” was his response .
He wanted to leave Britain because he and Yoko were repulsed by its provincialism and by the tenor of tabloid racism that was directed against her .
I last spoke with him in 1979 when we discussed the likely impact of Thatcher ’s victory .
He did n’t sound too unradical in that conversation .
If there is a record of it in some British intelligence archive , I would be grateful to see a transcript .
Clearly , his views changed somewhat but I ca n’t see him as a neocon supporting the wars and occupations in Palestine , Iraq and Afghanistan .
The loss of his voice was a tragedy for millions .
Tariq Ali
Tags
We live in an age rife with oppression .
No group of Americans is better aware of this than our nation 's youth .
Young people today will most likely become the first generation in US history not to surpass their parents ' living standards .
Consider the increasing proportion of young adults who are choosing to either remain living with their parents , or move back in with them .
Rather than seek new opportunities on their own , they are choosing the security of home and hearth at the expense of their future .
Why is this so ?
There are many hidden causes , all of which corrode the economic prospects of the up - and - coming generation , and enrich a privileged few .
This is not an isolated phenomenon .
All across the globe , governments have discarded fiscal responsibility in favor of short - term spending on war , welfare , and bailouts .
It 's easy to see that this behavior will be costly , but not all groups are equally burdened .
Government accounting wizardry and fiat money can hide the decline for a while , but the price must ultimately be borne by those who will inherit the inevitable crisis .
The excesses of the older generations will come at the expense of the wealth and opportunity of the younger generations .
Let 's examine the American economy : Current estimates of unfunded welfare liabilities are staggering — $ 107 trillion for Social Security and Medicare alone .
The recession and the resulting nosedive in payroll - tax receipts have devastated the current Social Security surplus .
The evaporation of this surplus will accelerate the financial implosion of the federal government and drastically increase the tax burden of the populace .
Because these programs are unsustainable , the younger you are , the less likely it is that you will recover the purchasing power lost through taxation .
What this amounts to is a massive redistribution of wealth from the young to the bureaucrats and beneficiaries of these systems .
Since many young adults go to college , it 's not surprising to find that the government has also enacted legislation under the pretense of assisting college students paying for their tuitions .
They do this by providing subsidized loans to students , undoubtedly lining the pockets of the cartelized banking industry along the way .
As Austrian economics teaches us , when the price of a good or service is lowered below the market - clearing price , the demand for this good or service increases .
The subsidized interest rates distort the price system and the consumers ' rational cost - benefit analysis .
This leads many young people to go off to college who may not have done so if the interest rates were genuine .
The higher , market rate might have led students to economize and decide to go to a less expensive university , attend a trade school , or perhaps eschew higher education all together .
The cheap loans discourage students from fully exploring their options and making the best choices given their personal aspirations .
Students now know that they can easily obtain a tuition loan and admission into a state - run " community " college without the bother of having to study and do well in high school .
Because of this , we now find many students aimlessly drifting around the system for years , racking up enormous debts along the way , and wasting precious resources on frivolous courses and " extracurricular " activities .
This perverse incentive structure has led our higher education system down a path of waste and mediocrity , within which many students are more interested in partying and slacking off than in actually learning anything .
But economic theory has yet another lesson to teach us .
Because the supply of students who can afford college is artificially inflated due to the subsidized loans , colleges and universities have found that they can get away with raising their tuitions to stratospheric levels .
" Because the supply of students who can afford college is artificially inflated due to the subsidized loans , colleges and universities have found that they can get away with raising their tuitions to stratospheric levels . "
Nevertheless , the students keep on coming , both because the loans are so cheap and easy to obtain , and because the education establishment has an arsenal of statistics and slogans at the ready to describe the huge financial gains to be had from earning a college degree .
" The huge debt is worth it , " they say .
" You 'll make it all back after a few years . "
At one time this was probably true for most students ; but now an increasing number of students are finding that the crushing debt required to attend most four - year universities simply is n't worth it , especially in light of the abysmal job market .
To make matters worse , the recession has prompted many universities to raise their tuitions even higher .
According to a new study by the Project on Student Debt ,
Data show that for the past few years , around two - thirds of students graduating from four - year colleges had student - loan debt .
The average amount these students owe has grown about six percent per year since 2003 – 04 , reaching $ 23,200 for the class of 2008 .
For comparison , in 1996 , only 58 percent of students graduated with debt , and they owed an average of $ 13,200 .
We have found another looming crisis brought about by the heavy hand of government .
Young adults must now spend many years after they graduate working off their debt to a bloated and inefficient education system .
Despite the veneer of altruism , it is important to remember that this " assistance " has all been done for the benefit of the bankers , the university personnel , and the bureaucracies that serve them .
Unsurprisingly , the ever - declining value of the dollar also poses a large problem for the economic prospects of American youth .
Even short of the hyperinflationary monetary collapse envisioned by the likes of Peter Schiff , John Williams , and Jim Rogers , inflation will soon be a very serious problem in the United States .
Consider the enormous national debt ( which now amounts to over 80 % of GDP ) , the hopelessly massive federal budget deficit , and the overwhelming level of excess reserves lurking in the banking system .
These liabilities will ultimately be financed by either printing money or repudiating the debt .
Either of these scenarios will cause political upheaval on a very large scale .
In addition to that colossal problem , young people are prevented from building their wealth by a litany of state and federal regulations that prohibit their behavior and restrict their ability to find long - term employment .
Laws dictating the minimum wage and regulating child labor play a significant role in preventing young people from finding jobs .
The minimum wage forbids would - be workers from accepting wages below the arbitrary cut off , and greatly increases the cost of hiring unskilled workers ( many of whom are young people trying to pay for college ) .
This results in far fewer of these workers being employed .
Last year 's federal minimum - wage hike will only exacerbate the youth - unemployment problem and make it more difficult for young adults to become independent .
Even the government statistics seem to support this conclusion .
For December 2009 , the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that the official unemployment rate for people aged 16 through 19 was 27.1 % , and the rate for people aged 20 through 24 was 15.6 % , compared to the overall official unemployment rate of 10 % .
Teenagers made up 9 % of the labor force in the 1970s , but they now account for only 3.2 % .
The infamous " War on Drugs " is another failing program that targets both younger people and minorities .
Nonviolent drug " offenders " are predominantly young people who are arrested for possessing small amounts of plant matter .
According to the FBI , people under 25 years of age comprise about half of all drug- related arrests in the United States .
The nation 's police , prosecutors , judicial agencies , and prison systems benefit greatly from this exploitation .
It 's far easier for them to concentrate on fining and imprisoning people who are mostly nonviolent thrill - seekers than it is for them to track down and arrest violent criminals like murderers , robbers , and rapists .
Speaking of " war , " another point of interest is that military recruiters are increasingly setting up shop on high school and college campuses .
They use the seductive promise of a free college education to convince young men and women into enlisting .
Even assuming that the recruits ' physical and mental health is still intact when they return , they often run into problems retrieving their compensation from the bureaucratic labyrinth .
While the masterminds behind these governmental intrusions are solely to blame for creating these problems , I am disappointed by the generations that came before mine .
Americans have known for many years that these programs are ultimately unsustainable .
Even if they were not , it is never legitimate to use coercion to pay for the retirements or medical bills of others , for the enforcement of draconian drug and labor prohibitions , or for the subsidization of student loans .
The American baby - boom generation is probably the wealthiest generation of human beings to ever walk the Earth .
Even so , they have made little effort to end the subsidies given to them at the expense of their children and grandchildren , nor have they made any attempt to end the oppressive laws that prevent younger Americans from casting off the chains of debt and dependency .
No society can remain civilized for long while treating its youth in this manner .
Given the rate at which our wealth and culture seem to be eroding away from beneath our feet , I urge both my elders and my peers to oppose the leviathan state and its cronies at every turn so we can start a new journey toward lasting prosperity .
The Leader in Industrial Pipe & Bolting Tools
Since 2002
Ultra Torq is Eastern Canada ’s major supplier of high - quality portable Tools for tube and pipe contractors .
With over 130 - man years in bolting experience , we have proven that we do not simply provide tools and equipment , we provide concrete solutions .
Our bolting and torquing products are used throughout Canada in various industrial environments .
No matter what you require for bolt tightening , Ultra Torq has you covered .
Want to see any of our torque tools in action for yourself ?
Waylon Smithers , voiced by comedian Harry Shearer , is Mr. Burns ’s personal assistant at the nuclear power plant on The Simpsons .
He is a closet homosexual .
However , his real crush is on his boss , the evil Mr. Burns .
That ’s more creepy than it is gay .
From Wikipedia :
Waylon Smithers is Burns ’ devoted executive assistant .
His father , Waylon Smithers Sr. , worked for Burns until he died of radiation poisoning after saving Springfield from a potential nuclear meltdown when Waylon was a baby .
In many ways , he represents the stereotypical closeted gay man .
Although he has not declared himself to be gay , Smithers frequents Springfield ’s gay village and goes on a vacation to a male - only resort .
It was revealed in a flashback that he was involved with a woman , but the two split up when Mr. Burns came between them .
Smithers is shown to have a passionate and deep love for Mr. Burns and his sexual orientation has been characterized by the writers of the show as “ Burns - sexual ” .
Smithers has occasional fantasies about Burns : when we see his computer turning on , it shows a nude Burns with an audio montage saying : “ Hello Smithers .
You ’re quite good at turning me on . ”
Smithers has openly declared his love for Burns on at least two occasions , such as in “ Lisa the Skeptic ” , when , believing the world is ending , Smithers says “ Oh , what the hell ! ” and kisses Burns on the lips , later explaining it to him as “ merely a sign of my respect . ”
Most importantly , he owns the largest collection of Malibu Stacy dolls in Springfield .
Here is how Smithers originally looked when he first appeared in Episode 3 of Season 1 :
( NOTE : Also see Gunaxin ’s “ Tribute to Barney Gumble “ )
Must - Have Smithers Items
Smithers Videos
“ The trouble with ‘ My Way , ’ ” said Mr. Gregorio , “ is that everyone knows it and everyone has an opinion . ”
Others , noting that other equally popular tunes have not provoked killings , point to the song itself .
The lyrics , written by Paul Anka for Mr. Sinatra as an unapologetic summing up of his career , are about a tough guy who “ when there was doubt , ” simply “ ate it up and spit it out . ”
Butch Albarracin , the owner of Center for Pop , a Manila - based singing school that has propelled the careers of many famous singers , was partial to what he called the “ existential explanation . ”
Image A karaoke machine outside a house in Pasig city , east of the capital , Manila .
Credit ... Jes Aznar for The New York Times
“ ‘ I did it my way ’  it ’s so arrogant , ” Mr. Albarracin said .
“ The lyrics evoke feelings of pride and arrogance in the singer , as if you ’re somebody when you ’re really nobody .
It covers up your failures .
That ’s why it leads to fights . ”
Defenders of “ My Way ” say it is a victim of its own popularity .
Because it is sung more often than most songs , the thinking goes , karaoke - related violence is more likely to occur while people are singing it .
The real reasons behind the violence are breaches of karaoke etiquette , like hogging the microphone , laughing at someone ’s singing or choosing a song that has already been sung .
“ The Philippines is a very violent society , so karaoke only triggers what already exists here when certain social rules are broken , ” said Roland B. Tolentino , a pop culture expert at the University of the Philippines .
But even he hedged , noting that the song ’s “ triumphalist ” nature might contribute to the violence .
Some karaoke lovers are not taking chances , not even at family gatherings .
In Manila , Alisa Escanlar , 33 , and her relatives invariably gather before a karaoke machine , but they banned “ My Way ” after an uncle , listening to a friend sing the song at a bar , became enraged at the laughter coming from the next table .
The uncle , who was a police officer , pulled out his revolver , after which the customers at the next table quietly paid their bill and left .
By Robert Plummer
Business reporter , BBC News
Anticipation of a big oil find off the coast of the Falkland Islands is once again reaching fever pitch .
The Ocean Guardian rig will explore reserves in the Falklands A drilling rig from the Scottish Highlands , the Ocean Guardian , is being towed by tug to the North Falkland Basin , widely considered the most promising of the four areas licensed for exploration .
In the UK , investment tipsters are lining up to recommend buying shares in the companies that own those licences .
Strangely enough , though , those shares are not enjoying any notable bounce at present - probably because of the reaction from Buenos Aires .
The Argentine government has imposed new restrictions on all ships heading to the Falklands , in a move that revives memories of the war it fought with Britain over the islands in 1982 .
Argentina is clearly furious at the prospect of being excluded from an oil boom in a territory over which it still claims sovereignty .
After trying to raid the central bank 's reserves to service its debts , President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner 's cash - strapped government is desperate for funding .
For their part , some of the key oil explorers are keeping tight - lipped as they wait to see what the diplomatic fallout will be .
Desire Petroleum , one of the firms that has contracted the Ocean Guardian rig , told the BBC it would be making no comment until the start of drilling next week and referred all inquiries to the British Foreign Office .
Reliable sources ?
But at this stage , any Falklands oil boom remains strictly hypothetical .
After all , no - one has yet proved that any commercially viable oil field exists there .
Not that you would know that from the oil explorers themselves .
Desire Petroleum 's website talks of " excellent oil source rock " and " significant gas potential " in the six licence areas it holds .
The only previous drilling off the Falklands was in 1998
It estimates a " potential " - that word again - 3.5 billion barrels of oil and nine trillion cubic feet of natural gas down there , ready to be extracted .
Desire is also co-operating with another firm , Rockhopper Exploration , which has " farmed in " to two of Desire 's licences while operating four more of its own , all in the North Falkland Basin .
Both firms plan to drill a number of wells using the Ocean Guardian .
Rockhopper reckons that 4.3 billion barrels of oil lie in its licence areas , two of which were previously held by Royal Dutch Shell .
Four other firms are in the game , including Falkland Oil and Gas ( FOG ) , which has brought in mining giant BHP Billiton as a partner .
FOG believes its top four prospects alone could yield eight billion barrels , with tens of billions more lurking elsewhere in its licence areas .
It , too , plans to use the Ocean Guardian rig to drill what will be the first well in the East Falklands Basin , also known as the Falklands Plateau .
Second time round
You might be thinking that this is beginning to amount to an awful lot of oil - or potential oil , at least .
You might also be wondering why Shell decided to pull out of such a lucrative earner .
Well , the answer goes back to the only previous attempt to drill for oil in the area , back in 1998 .
Six test wells were drilled in the North Falkland Basin , and five of them showed encouraging results .
However , it was not clear whether there was enough oil there to make further investment worthwhile and Shell decided to call a halt .
However , there is one big difference between then and now .
In 1998 , oil prices fell to little more than $ 10 a barrel .
Nowadays , they are above $ 75 a barrel .
That means there is plenty of oil still in the ground worldwide that would have been too expensive to extract in 1998 , but is perfectly profitable now .
That is certainly the case for much of the oil that might be found in the Falklands ' territorial waters , since many of the potential locations are deep under the sea and hard to reach .
In the North Falkland Basin , the waters are relatively shallow , giving a drilling depth of 1,500 ft ( 500 m ) or less .
But in the eastern and southern basins , the drilling depths are likely to be up to 9,000 ft .
This is not as deep as Brazil 's big discovery of recent years , the Tupi oil field off the coast of Rio de Janeiro .
But Brazil 's state oil firm Petrobras has hard - won experience of deep - sea oil drilling over decades , whereas Falkland Oil and Gas was not formed until 2004 .
Sovereignty stand - off
An oil bonanza would clearly make a big difference to the lives of the 3,000 - odd inhabitants of the Falklands , whose livelihood currently depends on fishing licences , cruise ship visits and sheep - farming .
But the Argentine government is also acutely aware of what a difference those oil revenues could make to its finances .
Brazil is using semi-submersible platforms to pursue deep - water oil Argentina has $ 13bn of international debt that matures this year , and a hole in its budget of between $ 2bn and $ 7bn .
However , it was Argentina that unilaterally decided in 2007 to scrap an agreement with the UK to share the proceeds of any oil discoveries in Falklands waters .
The decision was taken by the government of Nestor Kirchner , the predecessor and husband of the current president .
Under the Kirchners , Argentina has increased pressure on the UK to reopen talks on the sovereignty of the islands .
It 's a far cry from the 1990s , when the foreign minister of the time , the late Guido di Tella , launched a charm offensive aimed at winning over the hearts and minds of the islanders .
This included sending annual Christmas cards to every household , accompanied by presents such as video cassettes featuring children 's character Pingu and books including the adventures of Winnie the Pooh .
Now , however , the gloves are off again - and diplomatic strife plus the lure of financial gain could prove to be a potent combination .
DRILLING FOR OIL
The British oil rig has been towed from the North Sea , at a costing of $ 245,000 per day .
It will drill wells in at least four of the offshore exploration areas known as " prospects " .
In 1998 six wells were drilled , targeting one layer of sandstone - but not enough oil was found and the low price meant further exploration was abandoned .
Now the price of oil has risen , there is potentially more profit to be made from drilling deeper , into untested sandstone on sides of basin .
The area known as " Liz " will be the first prospect drilled - geologists say there is a 17 % chance of finding an oil reserve of about 391m barrels .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Writing genetic code 2.0 ( Image : Laguna Design / SPL )
Editorial :
The scary business of tinkering with life
A TOTALLY new genetic code has been devised , along with machinery that could make it a biological reality .
It ’s an advance that means living cells could be persuaded to make proteins with properties that have never been seen in the natural world .
More extraordinary still , it could eventually lead to the creation of new or “ improved ” life forms that incorporate these materials in their tissue – possibly even organisms with bulletproof bodies .
In all existing life forms , the cell ’s protein - making machinery reads the four chemical “ letters ” …
In a new campaign advertising a €35 billion loan the French government is taking out , the nationalistically symbolic Marianne is depicted as barefoot and pregnant .
Who thought that was a good idea ?
The answer is the Director of Government Information , Thierry Saussez , who orchestrates campaigns of government reforms and was in charge of this public relations effort .
The 975,000 € campaign lasted two weeks and ran in single and double page ads in national and regional newspapers , as well as weekly news magazines .
With the slogan “ France is investing in its future , ” the ad was intended to promote sustainable investment , education , the digital economy , research , and economic development .
Instead , this neuvo - Marianne has got quite a few French feminists in a twist .
In contrast with traditional representations of the “ Triumph of the Republic , ” which show Marianne baring her breasts as she leads soldiers in the for liberty on a battlefield , this version propagates a retrograde , natalist vision of women .
Gone is Marianne the warrior , the spearhead of freedom .
What is left is a passive and virginal mother - to - be carrying the future of France not in her hands , but in her belly .
In defense , Saussez says , “ As these are investments for the future , we had quite naturally the idea of taking this beautiful symbol of motherhood … a very nice positive symbol . ”
When inequalities of wages and domestic labor abound , prominent French feminist blogger Le Féminin l’Emporte responds , “ The hand of the state should not be in my uterus , and certainly not to look for money . ”
Olympe at Le Plafond de Verre agrees , “ The poster is suggesting that the job of women is to make babies while the men manage the billions from the loan . ”
Others have taken to parody , altering the image to one that reflects their anger .
In one , a woman who is not pregnant holding a placard that reads , “ casse - toi , alors pauvre con , ” the insult hurled by President Nicolas Sarkozy at a farmer who refused to shake the president ’s hand in February 2008 .
Now in the midst of another PR bumble , when will he ever learn ?
One of the most delightful surprises of last year 's Electronics Entertainment Expo was Nintendo 's revelation that it had teamed with co-developer Tecmo ( and more specifically , Team Ninja , best known for the Ninja Gaiden series ) to create the next installment in the beloved Metroid franchise .
Called Metroid : Other M , the title would exist outside of the Prime universe and engulf players in an experience both classically traditional and new as series heroine Samus Aran forged through alien space stations and blasted enemies from the third and first - person .
Samus+rocks +the +Bottle +Ship+in+behind-the-back+third-person .
Take+enemies+down+with+a+special+move+after+you+stun+them .
At Nintendo's Media Summit this week in San Francisco , the publisher dropped two more surprises on us .
First , that Metroid : Other M will ship for Wii this June -- much sooner than previously expected .
Second , that a demo of the game was fully playable from the event .
A religious Metroid fan to the core , I wasted no time making my way to a private room to determine once and for all if Aran 's latest adventure will hold its own against all of its great predecessors .
Short answer : it does .
Admittedly , I 've remained the Other M skeptic -- clinging somewhat stubbornly to the possibility that this new partnership and the game 's seeming focus on action in place of traditional exploration might dilute what I 've come to think of as the Metroid experience .
If you 've played the series through the years , you undoubtedly know the intangible quality I reference .
Purists like me still label the Metroid Prime franchise first - person adventure , not shooter , and when Aran 's travels are concerned , I expect nothing less than re-traversal exploration first , everything else second .
But I 've played through the entirety of the Media Summit demo twice and I 'm really pleased with the game that Nintendo and Tecmo have erected to replace the Prime titles -- at least , so far .
Other M is a very different endeavor full of nods that harken back to the Super Nintendo days .
It 's incredibly fast .
Action - packed .
Amazingly cinematic -- offering what is easily the most revealing look at Aran as a character since her inception , which for uber - nerd - fans like me is a true gift .
I found myself smiling at all of the phenomenal cut-scenes and the fact that Samus herself takes on genuine depth and layers via an inner-monologue , all of it voiced convincingly .
But it 's also got the exploration factor and that eerie , lingering sense of isolation that permeates the Metroid games .
It 's all wrapped in a beautiful graphical package that stomps all over the majority of titles filling Wii 's library .
The game opens with a lengthy pre-rendered cinematic , already a presentation win for Nintendo , a company too often unconcerned with such niceties .
Space debris .
Stars twinkling and fading in the immense darkness .
Then , comets rain down on a series of ships and lumbering stations , all of which explode on impact .
The outline of a little , blonde baby floats in the aftermath -- it 's very 2001 - esque .
The baby ages , its hair growing in length , and before too long it is a full - blown girl , and then it 's Samus .
The scene fades to a closeup of Aran in her trademark Varia Suit , now remade with Japanese sensibilities .
Slimmer , more polished , but with all the artistic pop of the Retro games -- just very different .
" Why am I still alive ? "
Samus asks from inside her suit .
The camera pans backward and it becomes obvious that she 's in the middle of a great battle -- the very same historic standoff between the bounty hunter and Mother Brain at the finale of 1994's Super Metroid .
( Other M takes place a short while after these events in the timeline of the series . )
Having just destroyed Ridley and Kraid , Aran is nearly defeated in battle by Mother Brain but is saved at the eleventh hour by a baby Metroid , which supercharges her suit .
All of this is shown by way of an ultra-crisp cinematic depicting a truly enormous , hulking version of Mother Brain as its equally giant eye centers on the betrayal and then it obliterates the Metroid hatchling before Aran .
Tiny , glowing particles -- presumably the remains of the baby Metroid -- fall on Samus as Mother Brain attacks and the heroine dodges out of the way and then lands on the ground once more in a pose designed to illicit cheers .
" Mother .
Time to go ! "
Samus shouts and then unleashes a powerful blast from her trademark weapon .
The scene fades again and Samus awakens to find herself in a hospital , dressed in her Zero Suit , her hair wrapped in a ponytail .
" Okay , Samus .
Everything normal , " some geek in a uniform says .
" I awoke to the familiar voice of a quarantine officer , " Samus says via inner-monologue .
" A dream .
I had been reliving the tragic moments of my recent past .
Thanks to the hyper beam , which was given to me somehow by the baby , I laid rest to Mother Brain . "
Of course , the explosion also took down the station , as well as everything nearby .
Other M begins at this point .
The geek tells Samus to walk through a door so that training can begin .
In the room , she cinematically triggers her Varia Suit -- it simply appears over her Zero Suit as energy envelops her body and it looks fantastic , of course .
Now you 're ready to play .
The controls are surprisingly uncomplicated .
You hold the Wii remote sideways ( most of the time , which I 'll get to ) and finger the D - Pad to move Samus .
Digital controls , I know -- but they work very well within the context of the game .
Oftentimes , the presentation is quasi - two - dimensional , meaning that despite the fact that the levels are constructed via polygons and full 3D , the viewpoint unfolds via a 2D angle .
Samus can walk in and out of the foreground even as she runs left and right .
There 's a lot more to it than that , though , because the structure of the world enables her the ability to run sideways at one moment and then directly forward via behind - the - back third - person the next .
The camera very competently follows the action regardless of your choices or placement , although there are the occasional quirks that need management -- for instance , the character might sometimes walk into the screen as she seeks a door , which is not ideal .
The 1 button shoots her beam .
Hold it down and she 'll unleash a powerful charge attack .
You 'll quickly find that while there 's no real lock - on system from third - person mode , the heroine very accurately auto - targets the nearest enemy .
Simply face her into the general direction , press the 1 button and your chances of success are very high .
The 2 button , meanwhile , is used for jumping .
Press the A button and Aran will go into morph ball mode , at which point she can lay bombs every time you tap the 1 button .
If you hold down the 1 button here , you 'll drop a single power bomb , capable of burning up everything in the room in a powerful nuclear light .
The controls feel very responsive and Samus moves through environments extremely fast -- an attribute of the character missing from the Prime games .
DIREKTØR FOR NAV : Tor Saglie .
Vis mer byoutline Poppe , Cornelius
Kommentar
NAV : Styrt av sovjetene
Fredag satt poltikerne og refset Tor Saglie fordi han ikke hadde gjennomført planene deres .
Ingen refser polikerne for at deres gigantomane planer er umulig å gjennomføre .
Elin Ørjasæter Elin Ørjasæter var frem til juni 2012 konsulent i PR - og informasjonsbyrået Burson - Marsteller .
Hun er tidligere E24 - kommentator , og jobber nå som foredragsholder og forfatter .
Hun har tidligere vært personaldirektør , hodejeger og forhandler i fagforening .
« Lederboka , hodejegerens beste tips » og den humoristiske selvbiografien « Det glade vanvidd » er to av hennes bøker .
Født : 25 . februar 1962 Avhengig av : Kaffe og Twitter .
Drømmebil : Mini Roadster cabriolet .
Angrer på :
At jeg jobbet så mye da barna var små .
Favorittartist : Willie Nelson , Phil Ochs og Johnny Cash .
Beste bok : « Borgerkrigen » av Hans Magnus Enzensberger .
En dystopi som kom ut på 80 - tallet og forandret mitt syn på verden .
Både borgerkrigene i Afrika , 11 . september og 22 .
juli kan sees som en bekreftelse på bokas dystre profetier .
Publisert : Oppdatert : 18 . januar 2010 10:37 Publisert : 18 . januar 2010 09:41
Bjarne Håkon Hanssen er NAV - reformens rette far .
Han er den ministeren som har sittet lengst med ansvaret for reformen , og tok de viktige beslutningene om framdrift parallelt med store reformer .
Under Stortingets NAV - høring fredag , ble hele den ulykkelige oppveksten til monsterbarnet NAV brettet ut .
NAV - direktør Tor Saglie tok bladet fra munnen og lekset opp om hvilke oppgaver han fikk :
457 nye NAV - kontorer skulle etableres i landets 430 kommuner .
De skulle i denne fusjonen forvalte de allerede eksisterende 57 ulike stønadsordningene , parallelt med at Bjarne Håkons arbeidslinje skulle iverksettes .
Kvalifiseringsprogrammet , et helt nytt program for folk med særlig vansker i arbeidsmarkedet , ble gradvis innført .
Systemene for pensjonsreformen ble også implementert , en gigantisk utfordring på IKT - siden .
Helserefusjonsreformen skulle også settes i verk .
Og endelig skulle arbeidsavklarings - pengene erstatte rehabilitering , attføring og midlertidig uførestønad .
Og oppå det hele kom LO og NHO og forlangte at Nav skal løse sykelønnsproblemet for dem , gjennom nye rutiner for oppfølging av sykmeldte .
Dette er nå lovfestet , ved at NAV skal avholde dialogmøte 2 .
Med stor entusiasme ville Bjarne Håkon Hanssen få sosialklientene til å stå opp om morran .
Alle disse flotte reformene skulle fødes inne i Norgeshistoriens og uten sammenlikning mest kompliserte fusjon av eksisterende rutiner og regelverk .
Det som skjedde ble et driftsmessig sammenbrudd i deler av organisasjonen .
det er et faktum at NAV aldri har brukt like mye ressurser på oppfølging av sykmeldte som i dag .
Veien til helvete er brolagt med gode hensikter .
Politikernes tro på at folk vil stå opp om morran bare byråkratene får ekstra mange planer å iverksette , er nesten sovjetisk i sin tilnærming .
Til og med NHO satt fredag og sverget på at sykefraværet ville gå kraftig ned , dersom bare NAV hadde gjennomført dialogmøte 2 .
Dette er et møte der NAV - byråkraten skal innkalle den sykmeldte , arbeidsgiver og lege , for så å se strengt på dem og forlange å få et digert skjema over " restarbeidsevnen " .
NAV fikk oppgaven , men klarte ikke å gjennomføre den ifølge Riksrevisjonen .
Det stemmer at NAV ikke klarte å gjennomføre alle møtene .
Men det er et faktum at NAV aldri har brukt like mye ressurser på oppfølging av sykmeldte som i dag .
Politikerne elsker oppfølging av sykmeldte , for kravet om oppfølging fritar dem fra upopulære kutt i sykelønna .
Hvorfor byråkratene skal ha ansvaret for å jage folk tilbake på jobb og dermed overta ansvaret både fra arbeidsgiver og den sykmeldte selv , er ikke et aktuelt spørsmål .
Dessverre .
LO og NHO har funnet hverandre i troen på at mer byråkrati er løsningen på alle problemer .
Særlig når de kan skylde på byråkratene når problemene ikke løses i deres egne bedrifter .
Fremskrittspartiets Ulf Erik Knudsen stilte den riktige diagnosen : " Kan det hende systemet er blitt så komplisert at det rett og slett ikke er mulig å drifte , " spurte han .
Og la ikke skjul på at han ville kaste Tor Saglie .
Diagnosen er riktig , medisinen er gal .
Å kaste Saglie vil ikke hjelpe det grann .
Det eneste som hjelper er møysommelig jobbing med driften .
I takt med at regelverket må forenkles , i stedet for å kompliseres .
" Jeg er best til å sette i gang ting , " sa Bjarne Håkon Hanssen i et intervju i Dagens Næringsliv tidligere i høst .
Det er en setning som burde rammes inn .
Til skrekk og advarsel .
Følg Ørjasæter på Facebook : www.facebook.com/lederboka.
Følg Ørjasæter på Twitter : @orjas
Her kan du lese mer om E24
A former Phoenix homicide detective and a blogger critical of Phoenix police were indicted Thursday on multiple felony charges stemming from a 2008 harassment case .
Officer David Barnes , 42 , is accused of being a primary tipster to the Web site badphoenixcops.com and with harassing two members of the department through an anonymous letter and emails .
The 14 - year veteran is charged with perjury and misdemeanor harassment , according to the Arizona Attorney General 's Office .
Jeffrey Pataky , 41 , the Web site 's founder , is charged with perjury and false swearing , a Class 6 felony .
The investigation into Barnes and Pataky began after Phoenix police looked into accusations that the blog targeted Sgt. Mike Polombo and his wife , detective Heather Polombo � both of whom Barnes worked with at the Phoenix homicide unit .
Barnes and Pataky denied knowing each other or working together on the blog , though the perjury charges suggested the grand jury found evidence that both men lied about their relationship while under sworn testimony during a court hearing in 2009 .
Badphoenixcops.com has been particularly critical about the Phoenix crime lab 's handling of evidence and the department 's management of the Baseline Killer case .
Barnes , one of the homicide investigators assigned to the investigation , first went public about mismanaged homicide cases in 2007 .
A police spokesman said the indictments were unrelated to the critical and often off - color content on badphoenixcops.com .
The Web site once leaked an investigative document which left a confidential informant 's identification number unredacted .
Phoenix police began its harassment investigation in August 2008 .
Barnes was transferred from the homicide unit to the patrol division shortly thereafter and has been on administrative leave from the Cactus Park Precinct since March .
He has an unfair labor practice hearing next week in Phoenix .
Barnes and Pataky are charged with perjury because both are accused of lying about their relationship .
They have denied working with each other on the Web site .
Welcome to the LoneWolfDS site !
This project has begun as a way to learn how to program on the Nintendo DS .
After seeing how the DS was used vertically as a book by some famous games , I thought it would be really cool to have some old gamebooks converted on this system .
Unfortunately , due to copyright issues , it was not really easy to find good contents to use as a working base .
Then I found the Project Aon site , which offered many books from the award - winning Lone Wolf series , fully converted to HTML by some loving fans .
For those who did n't know about Gamebooks , they were novels which had a nice success during the 80's , and which were allowing the readers to choose their own path by jumping from one numbered section to another , in a fun and interactive way .
They were introducing the concepts of inventory , enemies fights , random dice results , and other nice ideas which were the precursors of what we find today in modern role playing video games .
The philosophy behind the port of the Lone Wolf books to the DS is to let the console handle all the rules related to combats , stats and so on , so the player can be really immersed in the story and does n't need to bother with the gameplay elements .
For now , the first 3 volumes of the series are available .
If you find a bug , have a suggestion , or simply want to contact me , please feel
free to write to lonewolfds < at > free .
fr ( replace the " < at > " by the " @ " symbol ) .
Any feedback will be greatly appreciated !
Frédéric Calendini LoneWolfDS has won the first place in the NEO Spring Competition 2008 ( NDS Games category ) !
Big thanks to all the people who supported this project ! :)
The Fight Club theory of Ferris Bueller ’s Day Off :
My favorite thought - piece about Ferris Bueller is the “ Fight Club ” theory , in which Ferris Bueller , the person , is just a figment of Cameron ’s imagination , like Tyler Durden , and Sloane is the girl Cameron secretly loves .
One day while he ’s lying sick in bed , Cameron lets “ Ferris ” steal his father ’s car and take the day off , and as Cameron wanders around the city , all of his interactions with Ferris and Sloane , and all the impossible hijinks , are all just played out in his head .
This is part of the reason why the “ three ” characters can see so much of Chicago in less than one day — Cameron is alone , just imagining it all .
It is n’t until he destroys the front of the car in a fugue state does he finally get a grip and decide to confront his father , after which he imagines a final , impossible escape for Ferris and a storybook happy ending for Sloane ( “ He ’s gonna marry me ! ” ) , the girl that Cameron knows he can never have .
Republicans are perhaps guilty of buying into their own hype by thinking they 'll win back the House this fall , the head of Democrats ' campaign efforts said Sunday .
Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) , dismissed Republicans ' hopes of winning back control of the House this fall .
" I 've always said ... this was going to be a very tough political cycle , " Van Hollen said during an appearance on NBC's " Meet the Press . "
" This idea that they 're going to be popping the champagne corks prematurely and measuring the drapes is clearly -- they 're high on their own hype , " he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans have been more and more openly optimistic about their prospects in this fall 's midterm elections , where they would have to win 41 seats in order to take back the House from Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and Democrats .
That kind of pickup is seen as a tall order for an opposition party no matter what the circumstances are , but groups like the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia , for instance , are projecting a 27 - seat pickup for Republicans if the elections were held today .
House Republican Conference Chairman Mike Pence ( R - Ind. ) , who declined entreaties to run for the Senate this fall in part out of optimism for Republicans ' efforts this fall , confidently predicted the GOP would take the House .
Pence said that Tea Party activists would be an integral part of the GOP 's election efforts , too , if the party sticks to a limited government message .
" I think if we hold the banner of limited government high ... you bet , they 'll know what to do this fall , " Pence said of the Tea Partiers .
" And Republicans will back the majority of the House this fall . "
Foreword – Below is a guest post ( by request ) from Dr. Judith Curry on the issues we deal with every day here .
While I and other like minded bloggers were given the opportunity to have some early input into this , little of it was accepted .
This I think puts it off to a bad start in light of the title .
One of my issues was that it was n’t necessary to use the word “ deniers ” , which I think removal of is central to any discourse that includes a goal of “ rebuilding trust ” .
There ’s also other more technical issues related to current investigations that are not addressed here .
I had made my concerns known to Dr. Curry before in this post :
The Curry letter : a word about “ deniers ” … which is worth re-reading again .
To be frank , given that she ’s still using the term even when pointed out , and had deferred other valid suggestions from other skeptics , I ’d given serious consideration to not carrying this at all .
But I had carried Dr. Curry ’s original post ( at my request ) on 11/27/09 , just seven days after the Climategate story broke here at WUWT on 11/20/09 :
An open letter from Dr. Judith Curry on climate science
Since I had carried that one at my request to Dr. Curry , I decided it only fair that I ’d carry this one she offered , but with the above caveat .
Further , as Andrew Revkin pointed out yesterday , WUWT is now by far the most trafficked climate blog in the world .
With that comes a level of responsibility to broadly report the issues .
Readers should give their opinion here , pulling no punches , but with one caveat : make the discourse respectful and without labels or inflammatory comments .
– Anthony
Guest post by Judith Curry , Georgia Institute of Technology
I am trying something new , a blogospheric experiment , if you will .
I have been a fairly active participant in the blogosphere since 2006 , and recently posted two essays on climategate , one at climateaudit.org and the other at climateprogress.org .
Both essays were subsequently picked up by other blogs , and the diversity of opinions expressed at the different blogs was quite interesting .
Hence I am distributing this essay to a number of different blogs simultaneously with the hope of demonstrating the collective power of the blogosphere to generate ideas and debate them .
I look forward to a stimulating discussion on this important topic .
Losing the Public ’s Trust
Climategate has now become broadened in scope to extend beyond the CRU emails to include glaciergate and a host of other issues associated with the IPCC .
In responding to climategate , the climate research establishment has appealed to its own authority and failed to understand that climategate is primarily a crisis of trust .
Finally , we have an editorial published in Science on February 10 from Ralph Cicerone , President of the National Academy of Science , that begins to articulate the trust issue : “ This view reflects the fragile nature of trust between science and society , demonstrating that the perceived misbehavior of even a few scientists can diminish the credibility of science as a whole .
What needs to be done ?
Two aspects need urgent attention : the general practice of science and the personal behaviors of scientists . ”
While I applaud loudly Dr. Cicerone ’s statement , I wish it had been made earlier and had not been isolated from the public by publishing the statement behind paywall at Science .
Unfortunately , the void of substantive statements from our institutions has been filled in ways that have made the situation much worse .
Credibility is a combination of expertise and trust .
While scientists persist in thinking that they should be trusted because of their expertise , climategate has made it clear that expertise itself is not a sufficient basis for public trust .
The fallout from climategate is much broader than the allegations of misconduct by scientists at two universities .
Of greatest importance is the reduced credibility of the IPCC assessment reports , which are providing the scientific basis for international policies on climate change .
Recent disclosures about the IPCC have brought up a host of concerns about the IPCC that had been festering in the background : involvement of IPCC scientists in explicit climate policy advocacy ; tribalism that excluded skeptics ; hubris of scientists with regards to a noble ( Nobel ) cause ; alarmism ; and inadequate attention to the statistics of uncertainty and the complexity of alternative interpretations .
The scientists involved in the CRU emails and the IPCC have been defended as scientists with the best of intentions trying to do their work in a very difficult environment .
They blame the alleged hacking incident on the “ climate denial machine . ”
They are described as fighting a valiant war to keep misinformation from the public that is being pushed by skeptics with links to the oil industry .
They are focused on moving the science forward , rather than the janitorial work of record keeping , data archival , etc .
They have had to adopt unconventional strategies to fight off what they thought was malicious interference .
They defend their science based upon their years of experience and their expertise .
Scientists are claiming that the scientific content of the IPCC reports is not compromised by climategate .
The jury is still out on the specific fallout from climategate in terms of the historical and paleo temperature records .
There are larger concerns ( raised by glaciergate , etc. ) particularly with regards to the IPCC Assessment Report on Impacts ( Working Group II ) : has a combination of groupthink , political advocacy and a noble cause syndrome stifled scientific debate , slowed down scientific progress and corrupted the assessment process ?
If institutions are doing their jobs , then misconduct by a few individual scientists should be quickly identified , and the impacts of the misconduct should be confined and quickly rectified .
Institutions need to look in the mirror and ask the question as to how they enabled this situation and what opportunities they missed to forestall such substantial loss of public trust in climate research and the major assessment reports .
In their misguided war against the skeptics , the CRU emails reveal that core research values became compromised .
Much has been said about the role of the highly politicized environment in providing an extremely difficult environment in which to conduct science that produces a lot of stress for the scientists .
There is no question that this environment is not conducive to science and scientists need more support from their institutions in dealing with it .
However , there is nothing in this crazy environment that is worth sacrificing your personal or professional integrity .
And when your science receives this kind of attention , it means that the science is really important to the public .
Therefore scientists need to do everything possible to make sure that they effectively communicate uncertainty , risk , probability and complexity , and provide a context that includes alternative and competing scientific viewpoints .
This is an important responsibility that individual scientists and particularly the institutions need to take very seriously .
Both individual scientists and the institutions need to look in the mirror and really understand how this happened .
Climategate is n’t going to go away until these issues are resolved .
Science is ultimately a self - correcting process , but with a major international treaty and far - reaching domestic legislation on the table , the stakes could n’t be higher .
The Changing Nature of Skepticism about Global Warming
Over the last few months , I have been trying to understand how this insane environment for climate research developed .
In my informal investigations , I have been listening to the perspectives of a broad range of people that have been labeled as “ skeptics ” or even “ deniers ” .
I have come to understand that global warming skepticism is very different now than it was five years ago .
Here is my take on how global warming skepticism has evolved over the past several decades .
In the 1980 ’s , James Hansen and Steven Schneider led the charge in informing the public of the risks of potential anthropogenic climate change .
Sir John Houghton and Bert Bolin played similar roles in Europe .
This charge was embraced by the environmental advocacy groups , and global warming alarmism was born .
During this period I would say that many if not most researchers , including myself , were skeptical that global warming was detectable in the temperature record and that it would have dire consequences .
The traditional foes of the environmental movement worked to counter the alarmism of the environmental movement , but this was mostly a war between advocacy groups and not an issue that had taken hold in the mainstream media and the public consciousness .
In the first few years of the 21st century , the stakes became higher and we saw the birth of what some have called a “ monolithic climate denial machine ” .
Skeptical research published by academics provided fodder for the think tanks and advocacy groups , which were fed by money provided by the oil industry .
This was all amplified by talk radio and cable news .
In 2006 and 2007 , things changed as a result of Al Gore ’s movie “ An Inconvenient Truth ” plus the IPCC 4th Assessment Report , and global warming became a seemingly unstoppable juggernaut .
The reason that the IPCC 4th Assessment Report was so influential is that people trusted the process the IPCC described : participation of a thousand scientists from 100 different countries , who worked for several years to produce 3000 pages with thousands of peer reviewed scientific references , with extensive peer review .
Further , the process was undertaken with the participation of policy makers under the watchful eyes of advocacy groups with a broad range of conflicting interests .
As a result of the IPCC influence , scientific skepticism by academic researchers became vastly diminished and it became easier to embellish the IPCC findings rather than to buck the juggernaut .
Big oil funding for contrary views mostly dried up and the mainstream media supported the IPCC consensus .
But there was a new movement in the blogosphere , which I refer to as the “ climate auditors ” , started by Steve McIntyre .
The climate change establishment failed to understand this changing dynamic , and continued to blame skepticism on the denial machine funded by big oil .
Climate Auditors and the Blogosphere
Steve McIntyre started the blog climateaudit.org so that he could defend himself against claims being made at the blog realclimate.org with regards to his critique of the “ hockey stick ” since he was unable to post his comments there .
Climateaudit has focused on auditing topics related to the paleoclimate reconstructions over the past millennia ( in particular the so called “ hockey stick ” ) and also the software being used by climate researchers to fix data problems due to poor quality surface weather stations in the historical climate data record .
McIntyre ’s “ auditing ” became very popular not only with the skeptics , but also with the progressive “ open source ” community , and there are now a number of such blogs .
The blog with the largest public audience is wattsupwiththat.com , led by weatherman Anthony Watts , with over 2 million unique visitors each month .
So who are the climate auditors ?
They are technically educated people , mostly outside of academia .
Several individuals have developed substantial expertise in aspects of climate science , although they mainly audit rather than produce original scientific research .
They tend to be watchdogs rather than deniers ; many of them classify themselves as “ lukewarmers ” .
They are independent of oil industry influence .
They have found a collective voice in the blogosphere and their posts are often picked up by the mainstream media .
They are demanding greater accountability and transparency of climate research and assessment reports .
So what motivated their FOIA requests of the CRU at the University of East Anglia ?
Last weekend , I was part of a discussion on this issue at the Blackboard .
Among the participants in this discussion was Steven Mosher , who broke the climategate story and has already written a book on it here .
They are concerned about inadvertent introduction of bias into the CRU temperature data by having the same people who create the dataset use the dataset in research and in verifying climate models ; this concern applies to both NASA GISS and the connection between CRU and the Hadley Centre .
This concern is exacerbated by the choice of James Hansen at NASA GISS to become a policy advocate , and his forecasts of forthcoming “ warmest years . ”
Medical research has long been concerned with the introduction of such bias , which is why they conduct double blind studies when testing the efficacy of a medical treatment .
Any such bias could be checked by independent analyses of the data ; however , people outside the inner circle were unable to obtain access to the information required to link the raw data to the final analyzed product .
Further , creation of the surface data sets was treated like a research project , with no emphasis on data quality analysis , and there was no independent oversight .
Given the importance of these data sets both to scientific research and public policy , they feel that greater public accountability is required .
So why do the mainstream climate researchers have such a problem with the climate auditors ?
The scientists involved in the CRU emails seem to regard Steve McIntyre as their arch - nemesis ( Roger Pielke Jr’s term ) .
Steve McIntyre ’s early critiques of the hockey stick were dismissed and he was characterized as a shill for the oil industry .
Academic / blogospheric guerilla warfare ensued , as the academic researchers tried to prevent access of the climate auditors to publishing in scientific journals and presenting their work at professional conferences , and tried to deny them access to published research data and computer programs .
The bloggers countered with highly critical posts in the blogosphere and FOIA requests .
And climategate was the result .
So how did this group of bloggers succeed in bringing the climate establishment to its knees ( whether or not the climate establishment realizes yet that this has happened ) ?
Again , trust plays a big role ; it was pretty easy to follow the money trail associated with the “ denial machine ” .
On the other hand , the climate auditors have no apparent political agenda ,
are doing this work for free , and have been playing a watchdog role , which has engendered the trust of a large segment of the population .
Towards Rebuilding Trust
Rebuilding trust with the public on the subject of climate research starts with Ralph Cicerone ’s statement “ Two aspects need urgent attention : the general practice of science and the personal behaviors of scientists . ”
Much has been written about the need for greater transparency , reforms to peer review , etc. and I am hopeful that the relevant institutions will respond appropriately .
Investigations of misconduct are being conducted at the University of East Anglia and at Penn State .
Here I would like to bring up some broader issues that will require substantial reflection by the institutions and also by individual scientists .
Climate research and its institutions have not yet adapted to its high policy relevance .
How scientists can most effectively and appropriately engage with the policy process is a topic that has not been adequately discussed ( e.g. the “ honest broker ” challenge discussed by Roger Pielke Jr ) , and climate researchers are poorly informed in this regard .
The result has been reflexive support for the UNFCCC policy agenda ( e.g. carbon cap and trade ) by many climate researchers that are involved in the public debate ( particularly those involved in the IPCC ) , which they believe follows logically from the findings of the ( allegedly policy neutral ) IPCC .
The often misinformed policy advocacy by this group of climate scientists has played a role in the political polarization of this issue ..
The interface between science and policy is a muddy issue , but it is very important that scientists have guidance in navigating the potential pitfalls .
Improving this situation could help defuse the hostile environment that scientists involved in the public debate have to deal with , and would also help restore the public trust of climate scientists .
The failure of the public and policy makers to understand the truth as presented by the IPCC is often blamed on difficulties of communicating such a complex topic to a relatively uneducated public that is referred to as “ unscientific America ” by Chris Mooney .
Efforts are made to “ dumb down ” the message and to frame the message to respond to issues that are salient to the audience .
People have heard the alarm , but they remain unconvinced because of a perceived political agenda and lack of trust of the message and the messengers .
At the same time , there is a large group of educated and evidence driven people ( e.g. the libertarians , people that read the technical skeptic blogs , not to mention policy makers ) who want to understand the risk and uncertainties associated with climate change , without being told what kinds of policies they should be supporting .
More effective communication strategies can be devised by recognizing that there are two groups with different levels of base knowledge about the topic .
But building trust through public communication on this topic requires that uncertainty be acknowledged .
My own experience in making public presentations about climate change has found that discussing the uncertainties increases the public trust in what scientists are trying to convey and does n’t detract from the receptivity to understanding climate change risks ( they distrust alarmism ) .
Trust can also be rebuilt by discussing broad choices rather than focusing on specific policies .
And finally , the blogosphere can be a very powerful tool for increasing the credibility of climate research .
“ Dueling blogs ” ( e.g. climateprogress.org versus wattsupwiththat.com and realclimate.org versus climateaudit.org ) can actually enhance public trust in the science as they see both sides of the arguments being discussed .
Debating science with skeptics should be the spice of academic life , but many climate researchers lost this somehow by mistakenly thinking that skeptical arguments would diminish the public trust in the message coming from the climate research establishment .
Such debate is alive and well in the blogosphere , but few mainstream climate researchers participate in the blogospheric debate .
The climate researchers at realclimate.org were the pioneers in this , and other academic climate researchers hosting blogs include Roy Spencer , Roger Pielke Sr and Jr , Richard Rood , and Andrew Dessler .
The blogs that are most effective are those that allow comments from both sides of the debate ( many blogs are heavily moderated ) .
While the blogosphere has a “ wild west ” aspect to it , I have certainly learned a lot by participating in the blogospheric debate including how to sharpen my thinking and improve the rhetoric of my arguments .
Additional scientific voices entering the public debate particularly in the blogosphere would help in the broader communication efforts and in rebuilding trust .
And we need to acknowledge the emerging auditing and open source movements in the in the internet - enabled world , and put them to productive use .
The openness and democratization of knowledge enabled by the internet can be a tremendous tool for building public understanding of climate science and also trust in climate research .
No one really believes that the “ science is settled ” or that “ the debate is over . ”
Scientists and others that say this seem to want to advance a particular agenda .
There is nothing more detrimental to public trust than such statements .
And finally , I hope that this blogospheric experiment will demonstrate how the diversity of the different blogs can be used collectively to generate ideas and debate them , towards bringing some sanity to this whole situation surrounding the politicization of climate science and rebuilding trust with the public .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Democrats had huge majorities in the House and 60 senators , but Rahm kept telling us it 's not enough .
There are too many conservative Democrats in the Senate , we need more than sixty we were told .
That if we just gave Rahm a little larger army then he could engage the enemy .
Now we 're down to 59 senators and I can guarantee you , we 're going to get the same argument but even louder .
Build my army , build my army !
Fifty - nine senators is a perfectly sufficient army .
Go forward .
Engage .
Fire .
You have a colossal 18 senator lead .
If you do n't fight with that kind of lead , you 're never going to fight and obviously you do n't know how to win .
It 's a really sad day when you turn Mitch McConnell into General Robert E. Lee .
Obama has to at some point come to the same conclusion that Lincoln did when he said , " If General McClellan does not want to use the army , I would like to borrow it for a time . "
At some point we have to fight this war .
I hope Obama gets there a little quicker than Lincoln did .
I also hope he does n't go through the same kind of generals for years on end before he realizes he should bring in a guy like Ulysses S. Grant who does n't mind getting his hands dirty , using his troops and winning the war .
So , who is our Ulysses ?
If you ask me , it 's General Dean .
You might be thinking it 'll be a cold day in hell before the placid Obama brings in a real fighter like Dean .
I agree , except if the war is almost lost and you 're desperate for someone who can actually get the job done .
How do I know Howard Dean can get the job done ?
While he was at the DNC in the 2006 and 2008 campaigns , he was the one that whipped the Republicans and built that Democratic Army of the Potomac in the first place .
Watch The Young Turks Here
A Chinese cyber-assault on Google and more than 30 other U.S. companies was the most sophisticated online attack ever seen outside of the defense industry , according to experts from anti-virus firm McAfee interviewed by Wired .
Google announced on Tuesday that it would no longer censor information on its search portal per Chinese government rules , and may stop doing business in China entirely .
eX de Medici , Blue ( Bower / Bauer ) 1998 - 2000
In a visually seductive collection of watercolours , Australian artist eX de Medici lures the viewer in only to challenge their perception .
Do n’t be fooled by the sentimental allusions to memento mori , de Medici ’s work is a world away from the insipid decay and morbid tones of the Vanitas genre .
Her signature imagery of guns and skulls is not simply an aesthetic delight of colour and design , these are complex emblems laden with messages of power and despair .
Since 1996 , de Medici has been working on her Species series , loosely defining these works as an
ongoing mapping of modern international weaponry and unclassified moths of Australia .
Between 2000 - 2001 , de Medici volunteered as an artist ’s fellow at the CSIRO Entomology Division ’s Australian National Insect Collection , painting and assisting with the classification of some of Australia ’s rarest and potentially extinct moth species .
With a microscope in one hand and a paintbrush in the other , de Medici ’s involvement in this work has since become integral to her art .
The little “ hairs ” that cloak the guns and skulls in her Species collection are actually moth pelts .
eX de Medici , .308 ( rifle ) 2004
As the viewer digs a little deeper , a better understanding of de Medici ’s concerns with power and control through violence become apparent .
Her art and her message is accessible .
You do n’t need an explanation to enjoy and appreciate the visually enticing guns and skulls , and yet you still sense the beguiling paradox of her work .
The artist ’s style and subject matter seem to perfectly encapsulate her intention and her expression .
Her art reflects the precision of natural history illustration , from which she draws her influence , as well as from her experience as tattooist .
The subject matter and technique are forged together in a highly original context .
De Medici explains in an interview that her penchant for working in miniature is due to the patience and skill she learned during her years as a tattooist .
According to de Medici , tattoos are emblems that people choose to represent their ideas .
The imagery of guns and skulls therefore arises from this symbolic approach to meaning .
The gun is the weapon of ultimate power and the skull is the result of that power .
An exquisite and gentle moth pelt disguises and also magnifies the awareness of extinction and the abuse of power .
( Remember that de Medici volunteered at CSIRO , assisting with the classification of rare moth species . )
eX de Medici , Take # 5 2005
De Medici’s “ impossible guns ” with triggers made up of the microscopic filaments of moth hide are emblems of defenseless beauty and destruction .
The echoes of natural history illustration in her work , invites connections to humanity , biology and life as art .
De Medici ’s guns and skulls are also reminders of the end of life , violence , and the ravaging of the natural world .
The colors that the artist uses to convey her meaning are not randomly selected .
They combine variations of the wing pattern of the Tortricidae superfamily of Microlepidoptera — a very small species of moth , found in the Asia Pacific region — flashes of the British and US flags ; colonial drawings of the crash of the flagship of the First Fleet , the shipwrecked Sirius on the Norfolk Island reef ; the Mobil horse , the BHP logo , Monsanto , Blackwater and numerous other colors loaded with meaning .
And so , the imagery and materials of de Medici ’s guns and skulls combine to form an aggregate of associations , ideas and influences .
She fuses the organic , vulnerable , biological characteristics of the moth and the skull with the artificial , man -made gun and notions of power .
She explores a range of antithetical insights , from the resplendent pelts of extinct moths to the hard , cold fact of weaponry .
The artist transforms the ugliness and cruelty of violence by showing us the final , irreversible result of that violence in beguiling beauty .
Watch a Multimedia Display of eX de Medici ’s work
Lara
Cory recently completed her first novel and she ’s starting a food blog .
She ’s always been interested in music , writing , art , film and books .
She studied Communications and Music and lives in Sydney , Australia with her husband and two small boys .
The 2011 Dell Social Innovation Competition
This was the official website for the 2011 Dell Social Innovation Competition and it has been archived to be included in Gerald Massy 's course : Social Work In The Internet Age .
Mr. Massy is both an entrepreneur and a media savvy animal lover who most recently worked on the successful promotion of therapeutic cushion dog beds for use in animal shelters after becoming aware of the mistreatment of abandoned pets .
He has been recognized by the Humane Society for his work advocating for the elimination of puppy mills and for policies encouraging animal adoption .
This archived website is included in the syllabus for this course along with other required reading .
Students may download the full reading list from the department webpage .
The program inspired university students to approach global social problems through entrepreneurship , technology and sustainability and empowers them with unique skills and opportunities to succeed in a globally competitive workforce .
The contestants with the best idea and venture plan were awarded a $ 50,000 grand prize .
In 2010 , more than 1,000 entries from teams in 55 countries representing 350 colleges and universities presented ideas that addressed issues such as environmental sustainability , poverty , health , women 's rights and housing .
Content is from the site 's 2011 archived pages .
COMING SOON : A new competition website for DSIC 2012 !
Welcome to the Dell Social Innovation Competition !
Do you have an idea that could change the world ?
University Students :
Register and Post An Idea !
Not a Student ?
Vote and Voice Your Opinion
The University of Texas at Austin and Dell are looking for university students around the world with innovative ideas to solve a social or environmental problem .
We ’re giving away more than $ 100,000 in cash prizes to at least five winning teams who will be flown to Austin , Texas for an expense - paid Finalist Week - End that culminates in a final pitch and awards ceremony .
Have a good idea , but think it ’s not good enough to win yet ?
We can help !
We ’ve created new programs this year to expand outreach and support to students at all stages of their idea generation .
For example , we have created two new paid fellowship programs that will provide inspiration , mentoring and support to 30 high - potential students who do not advance to the next round .
One of the fellowships even includes a stipend to spend a summer improving your idea and venture plan !
No matter how early you are in the idea process , enter your idea now !
How It Works
We are looking for students with the most innovative ideas to solve a social or environmental problem anywhere in the world .
Our process is simple : Round 1 – Idea Concepts Register
Post your idea
Vote & Comment Round 2 – Semi-Finals 100 Semi-Finalists will be announced on March 1 , 2011
100 Innovators selected to apply for the StartingBloc fellowship will be announced on March 1 , 2011
Semi-Finalists paired with Mentor to advise on venture plan
Weekly Semi-Finalist conference calls available for insight and advice from the DSIC team
Semi-Finalists submit a detailed venture plan by April 1 , 2011 Round 3 – Finals 5 Finalists will be announced on April 15 , 2011
20 Semi-Finalists for Semi-Finalist Fellowship Program announced on April 15 , 2011
Finalists are flown to Austin , TX for Finalist Week - End and Award Ceremony on May 16 , 2011
Eligibility
All teams are expected to abide by the specific rules enumerated below .
The competition organizers reserve the right to disqualify any team that violates the rules , regulations or the spirit of the competition .
Eligibility is subject to individual review for special circumstances .
Social Venture and Team Eligibility Rules
To qualify for the Dell Social Innovation Competition , contestants and the proposed venture must meet the following criteria : Team Eligibility Undergraduate and graduate level students from any university or college in the world are eligible to enter .
Proof of enrollment will be requested of all semifinalist and finalist contestants .
The individual or team must be comprised of students currently attending a university .
Students who graduated in December 2010 are eligible to enter .
Contestants must be actively involved in the venture .
Team size is not restricted .
Teams can seek advice from mentors or outside experts , but the venture must be entirely student - led .
All team members listed on the final venture plan will be considered full team members with equal share of the venture , unless otherwise stipulated in the venture plan .
Teams that have previously reached the final presentation round of the Dell Social Innovation Competition may not re-enter this year 's competition with the same venture .
Team members competing must be principle owners of the venture .
Competition entry void where prohibited by law .
Social Venture Eligibility
The venture should exist primarily to address a significant social problem .
The mission and practices of the venture must incorporate a quantifiable social return .
Whether it is a for - profit business or a nonprofit organization , the venture must be financially viable .
The venture must be scalable and take into account the potential for growth of the endeavor .
If the venture is already in existence , it must not have been in operation for more than three years .
The start of the venture is marked by first income received .
Student projects entered on behalf of a business or nonprofit are not eligible .
The proposed venture may not be a wholly owned subsidiary of an existing for - profit or nonprofit entity .
A venture plan cannot be re-entered in the competition beyond two consecutive years .
All plans must be written in English .
Prizes
Stage 1 : Idea Concepts
Semi-Finals
One hundred Idea Concepts will go onto the Semi-Finals .
StartingBloc
One hundred Innovators ( students who submit an idea , but are not selected as Semi-Finalists ) will be given special invitation to apply for the 2010 or 2011 StartingBloc “ Social Entrepreneurship Institute ” – a week - long immersive program to help students with early - stage ideas to focus and refine their intention .
Ten students will be accepted into the StartingBloc program and will have their application and program expenses paid by the DSIC .
For more information on StartingBoc , please visit : http://www.startingbloc.org/.
One hundred Idea Concepts will go onto the Semi-Finals .
One hundred Innovators ( students who submit an idea , but are not selected as Semi-Finalists ) will be given special invitation to apply for the 2010 or 2011 StartingBloc “ Social Entrepreneurship Institute ” – a week - long immersive program to help students with early - stage ideas to focus and refine their intention .
Ten students will be accepted into the StartingBloc program and will have their application and program expenses paid by the DSIC .
For more information on StartingBoc , please visit : http://www.startingbloc.org/.
Stage 2 : Semi-Finalists
Finals
Five Semi-Finalists will go onto the Finals .
Semi-Finalist Fellowship
Twenty of our most promising Semi-Finalists , who do not qualify for the Finals , will be invited to participate in a year - round Semi-Finalist Fellowship program , led in partnership with Brown University .
Semi-Finalists will receive one - on - one mentoring on their idea , an expense - paid week of intensive training with their class of Fellows , a summer internship stipend to further develop their idea , and customized venture plan coaching .
Five Semi-Finalists will go onto the Finals .
Twenty of our most promising Semi-Finalists , who do not qualify for the Finals , will be invited to participate in a year - round Semi-Finalist Fellowship program , led in partnership with Brown University .
Semi-Finalists will receive one - on - one mentoring on their idea , an expense - paid week of intensive training with their class of Fellows , a summer internship stipend to further develop their idea , and customized venture plan coaching .
Stage 3 : Finalists
Cash
DSIC offers more than $ 100,000 in cash prizes .
First place : $ 50,000 ; Second place : $ 20,000 ; Third place : $ 10,000 .
Two category specific prizes : Dell Technology Award ( $ 10,000 ) for the idea that best makes use of technology to solve a social or environmental problem , and the Tomberg Prize in Environmental Sustainability ( $ 10,000 ) for the idea that best addresses the issue of environmental sustainability .
In addition , there is a $ 1,000 People ’s Choice award for the Finalist team receiving the most votes at the live final event in Austin .
There is also a $ 1,000 Webbie Award for the idea that receives the most votes online .
Other Cool Prizes
First , Second , and Third - Place teams will receive two Dell laptops per team .
The First Place team will be featured in an article in Inc. magazine .
All Finalists are eligible for Fast Track entry into the 2011 Echoing Green Competition and will be invited to participate in some of the most highly esteemed social entrepreneurship networks and events worldwide .
Finalists will also participate in an expenses - paid weekend in Austin , which includes networking , mentoring , workshops , and fun Austin activities .
Finally , the winning teams will be featured on GlobalGiving.com , providing the opportunity to secure additional capital and exposure to donors worldwide .
DSIC offers more than $ 100,000 in cash prizes .
First place : $ 50,000 ; Second place : $ 20,000 ; Third place : $ 10,000 .
Two category specific prizes : Dell Technology Award ( $ 10,000 ) for the idea that best makes use of technology to solve a social or environmental problem , and the Tomberg Prize in Environmental Sustainability ( $ 10,000 ) for the idea that best addresses the issue of environmental sustainability .
In addition , there is a $ 1,000 People ’s Choice award for the Finalist team receiving the most votes at the live final event in Austin .
There is also a $ 1,000 Webbie Award for the idea that receives the most votes online .
First , Second , and Third - Place teams will receive two Dell laptops per team .
The First Place team will be featured in an article in Inc. magazine .
All Finalists are eligible for Fast Track entry into the 2011 Echoing Green Competition and will be invited to participate in some of the most highly esteemed social entrepreneurship networks and events worldwide .
Finalists will also participate in an expenses - paid weekend in Austin , which includes networking , mentoring , workshops , and fun Austin activities .
Finally , the winning teams will be featured on GlobalGiving.com , providing the opportunity to secure additional capital and exposure to donors worldwide .
FINALIST : All Issues
TakaTaka Solutions
Submitted
By danielpaffenholz , Feb 14 , 2011 |
Team Name : TakaTaka Solutions
University : London School of Economics
Country : Kenya
Challenge
Waste management is a major challenge in developing countries such as Kenya .
This is a particular problem in rapidly growing urban centres like Nairobi , the capital of Kenya .
Nairobi produces around 1’900 tonnes of waste per day .
Only 33 % of the waste is collected for disposal at Nairobi ’s only official dumpsite , Dandora .
The rest is littered on hundreds of illegal dumpsites , next to houses or burned .
Uncollected waste and reckless dumping result in severe health and environmental problems .
Current approaches by the various stakeholders in waste management are unsuccessful .
The public sector cannot cope with the problem due to poor planning and lack of finances .
The private sector ’s existing approaches to waste management are not able to treat waste as a valuable good :
Waste is only collected to be disposed at Dandora dumpsite .
The potential income from recycling and composting is lost .
Consequently , waste collection and disposal becomes unnecessarily expensive , which only 33 % of Nairobi ’s citizens can affordF .
The Informal sector is unable to take advantage of the value of waste .
Waste pickers on dumpsites are only able to recover a small fraction of recyclable waste .
This is because waste on dumpsites is mixed waste , i.e. organic waste not separated from inorganic waste .
Consequently , separated recyclable waste is contaminated and has little economic value .
Innovation
TakaTaka Solutions is a social enterprise that collects and recycles waste .
It aims to bring about social and environmental change through a commercially viable business approach , in particular :
- Affordable waste collection services to all income areas
- Recycling and composting of up to 85 % of collected waste
- Job creation in the informal sector
- A cleaner and healthier environment
TakaTaka Solutions will achieve this by reusing as much waste as possible using state of the art technology , while minimising transport costs .
It will collect separated waste from its clients , i.e. organic waste separated from inorganic waste .
It will compost the organic waste to organic fertilizers , which it will sell to Kenyan farmers .
TakaTaka Solutions will recover the recyclable waste ( paper , plastic , glass and metal ) from the inorganic waste .
The recyclable waste will be sold to recycling industries .
This will leave only 15 % of residual waste for final disposal .
TakaTaka Solutions will use two adapted business models , one for higher income areas and one for lower income areas .
In higher income areas , TakaTaka Solutions will collect waste from clients .
It will compost the organic waste at its Composting Facility , while it will recover recyclable waste at its Recyclable Waste Separation Facility .
In lower income areas , TakaTaka Solutions will partner with youth groups who will collect waste .
The youth groups will sell the organic waste and the recovered recyclable waste to TakaTaka Solutions .
For this purpose , TakaTaka Solutions will own and operate decentralised waste processing facilities , called “ TakaTaka Points ” .
As the TakaTaka Points will be situated within lower income areas , youth groups incur low transport costs .
This enables them to offer affordable waste collection services to the local community at USD 1 / household / month .
UPDATE
December 14 , 2016
Dell Social Innovation Challenge
Case Study , Competition
By Sarah Covey
In 2007 , The University of Texas at Austin LBJ School of Public Affairs kicked off a small in - house business plan competition .
Just two years later in 2009 , Dell gave the university a $ 5 million grant ( the largest corporate gift from Dell to UT Austin at the time ) , and the business plan competition was renamed the Dell Social innovation Challenge .
Verb : then and now
Verb is the modern - day evolution of the Dell Challenge , having spun out of UT Austin in 2013 to offer the global prize competition model to a variety of brands who want to create impact across different industries .
Global Reach and Impact
Prior to the Dell Challenge transitioning into Verb in 2013 , the competition expanded from 2007 on to include 20,000 student entrepreneurs from over 100 countries across the world , awarded $ 800,000 in seed funding to more than 90 ventures and engaged over 2,000 Dell employees as competition judges and mentors .
Transforming Employee Engagement
Beyond the lasting social impact created by Dell Challenge student entrepreneurs , the mentoring experience between volunteer Dell employees and student ventures was incredibly meaningful .
As the appointed Dell employee mentor to Dell Challenge 2013 Second Place Winner team Foot Soldiers from Bangladesh ; Ashish Malpani is a U.S. - based Product Senior Consultant .
Acting as a sounding board for team Foot Soldiers through the semi-final and final rounds of Dell Challenge , Malpani engaged with them initially through emails and Skype .
“ Ashish was a fantastic resource , working closely with us every step of the way .
One of the best things he taught us was to look at our project from the eyes of an investor .
Ashish was such a strong mentor and we would appreciate the opportunity to work with him in the future as we set up our business . ”
– Saqif Nayeem Khan , Team Member , Foot Soldiers
DellSocialInnovationCompetition.com
ICELAND , where the journalists run free .
A banking scandal nearly bankrupted this tiny island nation ( population : barely 300,000 ) little more than a year ago , but Iceland is considering a new vision : to become a haven for journalists and publishers by offering some of the most aggressive protections for free speech and investigative journalism in the world .
The proposal , the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative , combines in a single piece of legislation provisions from around the world : whistle - blower laws and rules about Internet providers from the United States ; source protection laws from Belgium ; freedom of information laws from Estonia and Scotland , among others ; and New York State ’s law to counteract “ libel tourism , ” the practice of suing in courts , like Britain ’s , where journalists have the hardest time prevailing .
“ We would become the inverse of a tax haven , ” said Birgitta Jonsdottir , a member of Parliament and a sponsor of the initiative .
“ They are trying to make everything opaque .
We are trying to make it transparent . ”
For many observers , this legislation represents a direct reversal of recent Icelandic history .
Secret dealings by a few banks in Iceland , combined with a lack of regulation and oversight , led to calamitous debts that were nine times the gross domestic product .
In response , Iceland would institutionalize the most aggressive sunshine laws possible .
The Chair of the Federal Communications Commission unveiled a key component of the agency 's impending National Broadband Plan on Wednesday : a program to free up 500MHz of spectrum over the next decade for the mobile wireless industry .
The agency will propose a " Mobile Future Auction " that will allow television broadcasters in " spectrum starved " markets to " voluntarily relinquish " licenses in exchange for a cut of the auction proceeds .
Speaking at the New America Foundation , FCC chief Julius Genachowski gave yet another " looming spectrum crisis " speech , warning that mobile high speed Internet — which the government has clearly made the centerpiece of broadband development — must have more licenses to meet exploding demand .
He cited figures from Cisco that by 2014 , North American wireless networks will carry 740 petabytes of data per month .
" Now even if you think a petabyte is something that sends you to the emergency room , you know that that ’s a game - changing trajectory , " Genachowki quipped .
" Although the potential of mobile broadband is limitless , its oxygen supply is not , " he added .
" Spectrum — our airwaves — really is the oxygen of mobile broadband service .
Without sufficient spectrum , we will starve mobile broadband of the nourishment it needs to thrive as a platform for innovation , job creation and economic growth .
And the fact is America is facing a looming spectrum crunch . "
Genachowski said that the FCC will work with the Department of Commerce 's National Telecommunications & Information Agency on developing the 500 MHz plan .
The NTIA 's proposed budget for 2011 indicates that 500 MHz project " will focus on making spectrum available for exclusive use by commercial broadband providers or technologies , or for dynamic , shared access by commercial and government users . "
Volunteers needed
The FCC 's boss has to maneuver somewhat gingerly around this issue .
The broadcasting industry has given a distinctly cold reception to wireless and consumer device maker proposals for ways that television license holders could dramatically reconfigure their high altitude , high power transmission systems to free up as much as 180 MHz of spectrum .
Now the FCC and NTIA are talking about 500 MHz .
So Genachowski emphasized that this would be a " voluntary program . "
" While overwhelmingly — roughly 90 % — of Americans receive their broadcast TV programming in most major markets through cable wires or satellite signals , " he assured broadcasters , " there are still millions of Americans who receive TV through over - the - air antenna TV .
Broadcasters would be able to continue to serve their communities with free over - the - air local news , information , and entertainment ; and they would be able to experiment [ with ] mobile TV . "
But the spectrum for the FCC 's grand broadband plans has to come from somewhere .
As we 've reported , last week Genachowski disclosed that the document will call for 260 million people to have 100 M bps Internet access by 2020 .
So Wednesday 's speech was laden with phrases like the " current inefficient spectrum allocation , " and bore down on what Genachowski called the " broad range of analysts " who say that there 's wireless broadband gold in those TV spectrum license hills .
He cited studies suggesting that $ 50 billion in value could be unleashed if even some licenses could be transferred to broadband use .
About 300 MHz of spectrum has been reserved for broadcast TV , he noted .
But " even in our very largest cities , at most only about 150 megahertz out of 300 megahertz are used . "
" The Mobile Future Auction is a win- win proposal , " Genachowski concluded , " for broadcasters , who win more flexibility to pursue business models to serve their local communities ; and for the public , which wins more innovation in mobile broadband services , continued free , over - the - air television , and the benefits of the proceeds of new and substantial auction revenues . "
Magic bullet
We contacted the National Association of Broadcasters to see if they saw this proposal in win -win terms .
" As a one - to - many transmission medium , broadcasters are ready to make the case that we are far and away the most efficient users of spectrum in today 's communications marketplace , " NAB Vice President Dennis Wharton circumspectly told us .
" We look forward to working with policymakers to help expand the roll - out of broadband without threatening the future of free and local television , mindful of the fact that local TV stations just returned more than a quarter of our spectrum following our transition to digital . "
Expect broadcasters to emphasize , as you just read , that the TV industry just completed the DTV transition , and that Verizon and other winners in the 2008 700 MHz auction have yet to fully use their newly bought spectrum .
But Genachowski noted that the license crunch exists despite these realities .
" New technologies allow — indeed , they require — new strategic planning to ensure the most efficient use of spectrum , a vital public resource , especially given our broadband needs , " he explained .
Needless to say , the wireless industry is quite happy with the government 's plans .
CTIA 's President and CEO Steve Largent called the speech a " tremendous step forward . "
Communications lawyers also say it 's pretty huge .
The address " should erase any doubts that the National Broadband Plan will announce that more spectrum for mobile broadband is the magic bullet , " Washington , D.C. attorney John Hane told us .
" The FCC is going far beyond spectrum policy or even broadband policy — this is a statement of general federal industrial policy , and it reflects the views of the Administration generally , not just the FCC . "
Hane advised spectrum owners to start paying close attention to where this goes .
" Broadcasters and other spectrum incumbents better be vigilant and smart , " he warned .
" Incumbent wireless providers should be wary too — if they are n't using spectrum to its fullest capacity , they could be at risk . "
The FCC's National Broadband Plan will be unveiled at its upcoming Open Commission meeting , scheduled for March 16 .
The first talk at the Open Programming Language Miniconf 2010 was by Stephen Blackheath ’s Haskell , and all the wonderful things it does n’t let you do .
This was cool – given that Haskell is my favourite language – but I did n’t get much out of it beyond a link to Stephen ’s Arrows Tutorial .
The talk , aimed at newcomers , covered a lot of ground .
It started with a characterisation of Haskell as a pure , functional , non-strict , strongly , statically typed , programming language and gave all the usual reasons that those are nice properties for a programming language to have .
After a few examples of the syntax , Stephen talked about recursion and mentioned that idiomatic Haskell tends to use a higher - order function implementing a particular recursions scheme , but did n’t really point any out ( other than using map in example ) .
Next was a brief discussion of the type system : it ’s strong and static , but it also features type inference so you do n’t need to supply signatures for everything .
It ’s probably important to note though , that it ’s still a good idea for top level definitions for documentation purposes , if for no other reason .
Next was a mention of QuickCheck and automatic testing .
Finally , there was a bit about Haskell ’s non-strict semantics and the usual points about concurrency ( being hard in imperative languages and rather easier in Haskell ) .
Laziness is useful as it makes it possible to represent [ potentially ] infinite data structures and looping data structures without destructive updates , alas it can make it hard ( or , at least , harder ) to reason about and predict the time and space behaviour of a program .
It was a pretty good talk , but I though Stephen missed a few opportunities to make some important points that the audience might have appreciated .
In particular , I ’d have mentioned the various higher - order recursion operators and opportunity they provide for automatic application - specific optimisations through fusion .
This is the sort of thing that is difficult or impossible in a lot of languages but are seriously cool !
Homeopaths Admit Expensive Concoctions Just Water
Homeopaths Admit Expensive Concoctions Just Water
A public mass overdose of homeopathic remedies has forced the New Zealand Council of Homeopaths to admit openly that their products do not contain any " material substances " .
Council spokeswoman Mary Glaisyer admitted publicly that " there´s not one molecule of the original substance remaining " in the diluted remedies that form the basis of this multi-million - dollar industry .
The NZ Skeptics , in conjunction with 10:23 , Skeptics in the Pub and other groups nationally and around the world , held the mass overdose in Christchurch on Saturday to highlight the fact that homeopathic products are simply very expensive water drops or sugar / lactose pills .
A further aim was to question the ethical issues of pharmacies , in particular , stocking and promoting sham products and services .
" You ´re paying $ 10 for a teaspoon of water that even the homeopaths say has no material substance in it , " says Skeptics Chair Vicki Hyde .
" Yet a recent survey showed that 94 % of New Zealanders using homeopathic products aren´t aware of this basic fact - their homeopath or health professional hasn´t disclosed this .
The customers believe they are paying for the substances listed on the box , but those were only in the water once upon a time before the massive dilution process began - along with everything else that the water once had in it -- the chlorine , the beer , the urine .... "
Hyde notes that one of the homeopathic products downed by the 40 or so people in the mass overdose had a label saying it contained chamomilia , humulus lupulus , ignatia , kali brom , nux vomica and zinc val .
But those substances were actually in homeopathic dilutions , meaning that the kali brom , for example , was present in a proportion comparable to 1 pinch of sugar in the Atlantic Ocean - that is , not actually present at all .
" People don´t know that they are paying through the nose for just water - they believe the label implies there are active ingredients in there , just like you´d expect from a reputable health product .
And you have to ask , at what point does it shift from being an issue of informed consent to become an issue of fraud ? "
The UK - based 10:23 campaign is concerned about the ethical issue of pharmacies - touted as " the health professional you see most often " - supporting these products and giving them a spurious and unwarranted credibility .
" Does this mean pharmacists do n't know that homeopathic products are just water , or they do know and do n't care because people will buy it not realising the massive mark - up ?
Either way , that should be a big concern for the health consumer .
Here´s a huge industry with virtually no regulatory oversight or consumer protection or come - back , and even its keen customers aren´t aware of the highly dubious practices involved . "
The alternative health industry has built a multi-million - dollar business exploiting the natural healing powers of the human body , as many conditions will get better within two to three days regardless of whether conventional or alternative treatments are used , or even if nothing is done at all .
Independent testing has shown that homeopathic preparations take full advantage of this and homeopaths quickly take the credit for any improvement in their clients .
The Christchurch " overdose " included an " underdose " - homeopaths believe that the more dilute things are , the more potent they become , so the skeptics were careful to try that approach .
There are also claims by product manufacturers that , in fact , dosage doesn´t matter at all - whether you take 1 pill or 100 - but the important thing is the frequency of dosage , and the skeptics covered that base too .
No ill effects were reported , apart from a distinct drop in the level of cash in various wallets .
For the demonstration , Hyde reluctantly purchased two small boxes of tablets and a 25 ml spray from a Unichem pharmacy , costing $ 51.95 .
" That ´s a lot to pay for less than 2 tablespoons of water and not much more than that in lactose milk sugar . "
Homeopaths claim all sorts of amazing results , from treating the 1918 influenza to AIDS .
More dangerously , at least one New Zealand pharmacy has been known to push homeopathic water labelled as " vaccines " for meningitis and Hepatitis B. Perhaps not surprisingly , the most supportive test results are those which come out of the homeopathic industry , product manufacturers and other vested interests .
Any completely independent evaluation , such as the highly respected Cochrane Collaboration , tends to find the results much more underwhelming , citing no convincing evidence in many claimed areas of effectiveness .
" We´d recommend that if your local pharmacy stocks homeopathic products , take your business somewhere more ethical . "
ends
© Scoop Media
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 1
Not a Blue Moon
Credit & Copyright : Stefano De Rosa
Explanation :
This bright Full Moon was captured on December 2nd , shining above a church overlooking the River Po , in Turin , Italy .
It was the first Full Moon in December .
Shining on celebrations of New Year 's Eve , last night 's Full Moon was the second Full Moon of December and so fits the modern definition of a Blue Moon - the second Full Moon in a month .
Because the lunar cycle , Full Moon to Full Moon , spans 29.5 days , Blue Moons tend to occur in some month about every 2.5 years .
Shining in the glare just above and right of December 's first Full Moon is the Pleiades star cluster .
Palestinians in the West Bank village of Bil'in have marked the fifth anniversary of their first protests against the barrier Israel has built on their doorstep .
The villagers have gathered every Friday to demonstrate against the placing of the barrier .
The Palestinian Prime Minister has said they are an example of non-violent , grassroots protest and civil disobedience worth copying .
Paul Wood reports from Bilin .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
In future peace negotiations Palestinian refugees will not be the only ones to demand compensation after a law passed late Monday in the Knesset , mandating that the rights of Jews who fled Arab lands also be taken into consideration .
The legislation , which sponsor MK Nissim Ze ’ev ( Shas ) said would create “ historical justice , ” passed its final reading by a wide margin of 34 - 1.
Ze ’ev said that the law “ created historical justice ” for the Jewish refugees who arrived in Israel before and after the establishment of the state due to persecution , humiliation , murder and kidnapping of Jews in several Muslim countries .
In addition to allowing Jews to press claims against Arab countries for property that they were forced to leave behind , Ze ’ev argued that parallel refugee status would enable negotiators to retroactively determine that Palestinian and Jewish refugees were part of a “ population exchange , ” thus negating the basis for Palestinian claims to a right of return .
“ When historical justice comes to practical expression through this issue being raised by the Israeli government , the Quartet and the entire world will be able to do justice to both sides by revealing the true narrative of Jewish refugees in the Middle East , ” said Ze ’ev after the law was passed .
Other Knesset members were not happy with the new legislation .
“ The only refugee problem in the Middle East is that of the Palestinianrefugees who were expelled by the Jews , who expelled and then demandedcompensation , ” complained MK Taleb a - Sana ( UAL ) .
“ The Jews werepersecuted by Germany and Spain , and the people who are responsible forthe destruction of the Second Temple and the Diaspora itself were the Romans , the ancestors of Berlusconi , who was embraced in the Knesset afew weeks ago .
” A- Sana added that the Zionist movement is responsible for the tragedythat befell the Jews who left North Africa , and still carries out “ character assassination and attacks their culture and identity .
” “ The goal of the law is to create a fictitious issue of Jewish refugees as a counterbalance to the Palestinian refugees .
” He added , however , that he supports the right of return , both of Palestinians to Israel and of Jews to Arab lands .
Kenneth Starr , the prosecutor whose investigations into the administration and behavior of former President Bill Clinton made him a lightning rod for partisan politics , has been named president of Baylor University .
The announcement ended an 18 - month search that began after regents fired former president John M. Lilley in 2008 , saying they had lost confidence in his ability to serve Baylor 's many constituencies .
Starr , 63 , has been dean of Pepperdine University 's law school since 2004 .
He is scheduled to be introduced on the Baylor campus Tuesday afternoon and starts work June 1 .
Baylor is the nation 's largest Baptist university .
Monday , he was praised for his academic and administrative credentials — the Pepperdine law school vaulted up more than 150 spots in the U.S. News and World Report rankings during his tenure — and for his potential to pull together the sometimes - fractious Baylor community .
“ There 's been a lot of disagreement within the Baylor community about how to reflect and affirm Baylor 's religious heritage within the context of providing a world - class education , ” said Tom Phillips , former chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court and a Baylor alumnus .
“ I think Ken 's thought deeply about that . ”
Phillips was one of 10 members of an advisory committee that worked with the presidential search committee to find a new leader for the Baptist school .
“ I am enthusiastically thrilled , ” said Kenneth Hall , president and CEO of Buckner International in Dallas , who represented Texas Baptists on the advisory committee .
“ I endorse it 100 percent . ”
‘ Great match for Baylor '
So did one of Starr 's predecessors , Robert B. Sloan Jr. , who left as president of Baylor in 2005 and was named president at Houston Baptist University the following year .
“ His resume looks like a great match for Baylor , ” Sloan said .
“ There are a lot of issues in higher education that make having a very brilliant attorney as president a real advantage . ”
The friction of the past few years has been painful but has helped the school to focus on its identity as a Christian institution , Sloan said .
“ I think it was taken for granted before , ” he said .
“ Baylor had a successful history as a Christian university , but anyone who is a fair observer would say Baylor had experienced some drift in that regard . ”
Regents “ have made a clear decision ” to address the drift , Sloan suggested .
Starr , a native Texan , is best known as special prosecutor from 1994 to 1999 .
During that time , he considered a variety of Clinton activities , including the Whitewater land deal and Clinton 's affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky .
Clinton was impeached for lying about his relationship with Lewinsky , but not convicted .
Wide range of experience
But Starr also has a wide academic and professional resume , including stints as a law professor and six years as an appellate judge for the District of Columbia .
He served as solicitor general under President George H. W. Bush , representing the government before the U.S. Supreme Court .
“ There are folks that , when they hear the name Ken Starr , they think of Whitewater and do n't know much more about him , ” said Jaime Diaz - Granados , chairman of Baylor 's department of psychology and neuroscience .
“ But that was a very small part of his history , and there is much more to the man than that . ”
Starr 's work as special prosecutor remains controversial in the legal community , but the dean of the Baylor law school said that should have no bearing on his role as university president .
“ This is not an institution that is characterized as R( epublican ) or D( emocrat ) , ” said Brad Toben .
“ We are here to educate our students .
...
Whatever has gone forth in the political partisan scheme of things does not bear upon the academic . ”
Houston lawyer Mark Lanier , a friend of Starr 's , noted that Baylor may be a natural fit .
“ Baylor 's not ( the University of California at ) Berkeley , ” Lanier said .
“ These are his people . ”
Even critics do n't dispute Starr 's intellectual star power .
“ He 's not my kind of guy , but it still seems like a good thing to me , ” said Houston lawyer Lynne Liberato .
Some at Baylor may be more concerned with Starr 's religious affiliation .
He was raised in the Church of Christ , the denomination with which Pepperdine University is affiliated .
Pepperdine spokesman Jerry Derloshon said Starr and his wife , Alice , attended services in a Church of Christ on campus .
But Hall said Starr was a member of McLean Bible Church when he lived in McLean , Va. , and will join a Baptist church in Waco .
“ That was one thing we spent a lot of time vetting the candidate on , ” he said .
“ We want someone who believes as a Baptist . ”
Chronicle reporter Mary Flood contributed to this report .
jeannie.kever@chron.com
During his recent speech at the 2010 Technology , Entertainment , Design ( TED ) Conference , Bill Gates expressed what should already be obvious : if the world is going to break its dependence on cheap fossil fuels any time soon , massive - scale energy innovation is required .
There is no longer time for just incremental advances .
“ What we ’re going to have to do at a global scale is create a new system , ” he said , according to CNN .
“ So we need energy miracles . ”
Gates thinks it ’s imperative that the world have an energy portfolio by 2050 that excludes coal and natural gas , and features carbon - capture and sequestration ( CCS ) and nuclear , solar photovoltaic , solar thermal and wind power technologies .
At the current rate of innovation , however , that goal is a lot closer to science fiction than it is to reality .
Still , it seems the Obama administration agrees with Gates ’s general thesis .
The proposed 2011 federal budget eliminates 12 tax breaks for oil , gas and coal , and calls for $ 300 million to fund the 3 - year - old Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy ( ARPA-E ) .
The administration hopes that by giving researchers the funds they need to rapidly scale promising laboratory ideas up to the marketplace — a process that normally takes many years — ARPA - E can catalyze a pace of innovation that would make Gates ’s goals for 2050 more realistic .
Secretary of Energy Steven Chu told ScienceInsider he ’s confident that funding ARPA -E , which received its first $ 400 million from 2009 ’s $ 787 billion economic stimulus package , is “ money well - spent ” if the agency is managed as well as its role model , the Defense Advanced Research Projects - Agency ( DARPA ) .
DARPA , the heavily funded , high - risk , high - reward research arm of the defense department , invented the internet , stealth technology , and the M16 assault rifle .
It is currently working on things like limb regeneration technology , bionic bug spies , and artificial , immortal organisms with molecular kill - switches .
As for ARPA -E , its website says it focuses only on “ technologies promising genuine transformation in the ways we generate , store and utilize energy . ”
It continues , “ The Department of Energy invests heavily in conventional energy research ; ARPA - E is not intended to augment these efforts . ”
Proponents of the agency believe that if even a small fraction of the projects it funds make it to the marketplace , it will be a success .
In other words , the purpose of ARPA - E is not to hit for average — it ’s to knock the ball out of the park .
For example , take carbon capture and sequestration , a technology often cited by proponents of “ clean coal . ”
The Obama administration supports clean coal , even though , as the Department of Energy declared in its most recent ( 2007 ) CCS technology roadmap , “ carbon sequestration is in its infancy ” as a technology and research discipline .
For both political and ecological reasons , then , the administration is hoping for a quick maturation process .
ARPA -E is betting over $ 11 million on a wide range of approaches to the problem of CCS , including a $ 2.25 million synthetic biology project to design an artificial version of the enzyme carbonic anhydrase — the fast - acting protein machine that organisms use to manage carbon dioxide levels .
In all , there are 37 ARPA - E funded projects , aimed at revolutionizing the fields of energy storage , biofuel production , carbon capture , renewable power , building efficiency , vehicle technology , and waste - heat capture .
Is ARPA - E the key to the large - scale energy innovation we need to become carbon - free ?
Well , it definitely wo n’t be if Congress refuses to fund it .
Even if it is funded , we ’ll have to wait and see whether it is actually capable of producing breakthrough innovation .
But if DARPA ’s success is any indication , there is reason to believe the high - risk , high - reward funding approach is worth a shot .
Who knows , maybe we ’ll get a miracle or two out of it .
This post is part of a series on event - driven programming .
The complete series is :
Building on the pattern for deferred processing that we just saw , asynchronous methods are typically used to return a value from a method that may have to do some work in the background to compose its return value .
In an async method call , we use continuation - passing style where instead of calling the method , getting its return value then doing something with it , we send the method a continuation that it will call when it has the information we need .
Again , the typical use case for this is Ajax on the client - side , though its use has recently expanded to cover many other forms of I/O through frameworks like Node.js and EventMachine .
The important thing about an async method is that it frees the implementation up to be non-blocking , since the caller is not expecting a value immediately .
Instead the method being called is responsible for resuming the caller ’s processing when ready .
If you ’ve done any client - side work you ’ll probably have made an Ajax call or two :
j Query . get ( " / hello.html " , function ( response ) { console .
log ( response ) ; } ) ; console .
log ( " done " ) ;
Compare this to the usual blocking form of I/O used by most server - side environments :
require " open-uri " response = open ( " http://example.com/hello.html " ) . read puts response puts " done "
The first example will print " done " before it prints the response , while the second example will print the response first .
This is because with blocking I/O , your program halts while your machine goes off and does some I / O to get your data .
No other work can be done until the response comes back over the wire .
With the asynchronous approach , the I/O can be done in the background while your program continues working , and when the response comes back , the part of the program that needed it can run .
For many forms of I/O , and especially for network calls , this can yield much more responsive applications : if web browsers used blocking I/O for Ajax , your UI would lock up every time the browser made a network call .
Implementing an async method is very straightforward compared to the other patterns we ’ve covered , as it does not involve any state or long - term storage of callbacks .
It will usually be based on existing async APIs provided by the host environment , and you ’ll typically use it to provide abstractions on top of these APIs or to simplify the interface to a Deferrable .
For example the Node APIs recently changed such that many methods now take a continuation rather than returning a deferred object ( a ‘ Promise ’ in Node ’s terms ) .
For example , you may have a set of data stored in a JSON document , which may be on the local machine or may be accessible over the web .
You want a function to get that data as JavaScript objects just by specifying the path .
Since we can do async I/O , the function will not return the parsed data directly but instead will take a continuation that we will call with the JSON - parsed document when ready .
// Using Node.js var fs = require ( " fs " ) , url = require ( " url " ) , http = require ( " http " ) ; get MyData = function ( path , continuation , scope ) { var uri = url .
parse ( path ) ; if ( uri .
hostname ) { var client = http .
createClient ( uri . port , uri . hostname ) , request = client .
request ( " GET " , uri . pathname ) ; request .
addListener ( " response " , function ( response ) { response .
addListener ( " data " , function ( data ) { continuation .
call ( scope , JSON . parse ( data ) ) ; } ) ; } ) ; request .
close ( ) ; } else { fs .
readFile ( path , function ( err , data ) { continuation .
call ( scope , JSON . parse ( data ) ) ; } ) ; } } ;
This function wraps a couple of Node ’s event - based I /O APIs and just gives your continuation the result of JSON. parse ( ) .
As covered in previous articles , the optional scope argument sets the binding of this within the continuation .
This could be used to implement backing storage for a data object :
BlogPost = new JS .
Class ( { initialize : function ( path ) { getMyData ( path , function ( data ) { this .
title = data .
title ; // more attributes ... } , this ) ; } } ) ;
You could imagine combining this with a Deferrable to provide a way for callers to wait for the BlogPost ’s data .
When should you reach for an async method ?
Well it ’s basically a simplified version of the deferrable object ; you ’d use it where you need to hide some long - running background processing to return a value without blocking the rest of the program .
It ’s not as powerful as deferrables since you only get one callback per deferred value , but it has a simpler interface and requires less setup and explicit state , and for many async jobs it ’s just fine .
As with all evented code , you ’ll need to keep in mind that your callback will fire at some not - entirely - predictable time in the future , and this makes it harder to reason about control flow and can lead to race conditions if you ’re not careful about your application ’s state .
But for many applications , the gains in responsiveness are well worth extra discipline required .
Come back at the end of the week for a round - up of the techniques I ’ve covered and what to watch out for when using them in production .
( CNN ) -- Capt .
Phil Harris of the Discovery Channel show " The Deadliest Catch " died Tuesday of complications from a stroke suffered late last month .
He was 53 .
Harris , the tattooed and gruff captain of the Cornelia Marie , was a fan favorite in the reality show about crab fishing off Alaska .
" Discovery mourns the loss of dear friend and colleague Captain Phil Harris .
He was more than someone on our television screen .
Phil was a devoted father and loyal friend to all who knew him , " a statement from the network said .
" We will miss his straightforward honesty , wicked sense of humor and enormous heart . "
Harris suffered a massive stroke on January 29 while his crew offloaded crab at St. Paul Island , Alaska .
" It is with great sadness that we say goodbye to our dad -- Captain Phil Harris , " said a statement from his sons , Jake and Josh Harris .
" Dad has always been a fighter and continued to be until the end . "
The proposal enjoys support from women 's groups
Men seen as likely to be violent towards their wives could be forced to wear an electronic tag under a law being debated by the French parliament .
The tag would have to be worn by men who have received a court order to stay away from their partner .
The proposal is part of a draft law on conjugal violence .
It has cross-party support and is expected to pass easily .
According to the government , around 160 women in France are murdered by their husbands or partners every year .
Parliament is also considering outlawing psychological violence in the home , because it is seen by many as a precursor to physical violence .
It is rare for the left and the right in France to agree on anything , says the BBC's Hugh Schofield , so the near unanimity in parliament behind this law comes as something of a novelty .
Everyone agrees that domestic violence is bad and getting worse .
Professionals nervous According to the government 's figures , three women are being killed by their partners every week - not including many who are driven to suicide .
According to the proposed measures , men who have received court orders to stay away from their partners will wear an electronic bracelet and if they break the order and approach , police are alerted .
Psychological violence can be hard to prove in court
Another key clause has caused rather more argument - at least outside parliament , says our correspondent .
This is the creation of a new crime of psychological violence inside the home .
The bills ' supporters say it is important to recognise that actual violence against women is always preceded by psychological bullying , and that this too needs to be outlawed .
But many lawyers and professionals in the field are nervous , our correspondent says .
They say it will impossible to say at what point verbal abuse - for instance in an argument - suddenly becomes a criminal offence .
Critics argue the psychological violence clause is unlikely to make any practical improvement to the lives of women who suffer domestic violence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 18/1/2010 ( 3907 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS ARCHIVES Corp .
Yann Gallic of France leads his search dog through the rubble of the Montana Hotel in Port - au - Prince on Friday .
The pair located survivors amid the collapsed hotel .
Unlike many stories that cause us to do little more than shake our heads , Haiti 's earthquake has shaken the world .
Stoic news broadcaster voices ' crack as they announce situations better suited to horror fiction than real life .
Whether it's a mother who has lost all five of her children , hundreds of dead bodies filling open ditches or orphaned children facing looters trying to steal dwindling supplies , the painful stories are unfortunately plentiful .
Since last Tuesday 's 7.0 magnitude earthquake hit the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , the world has pulled together to send help .
One of the most effective and universally favoured forms of assistance is the search and rescue dog .
Countries from Ireland to Taiwan have sent their teams to seek survivors from beneath the rubble .
It 's a vital but gruesome job .
A Fox News report explained that one SAR dog is considered to be the equivalent to 30 - 40 humans .
And CNN noted that a dog can accomplish in 10 minutes what takes humans two to three hours .
Dogs ' great sense of smell is one of the reasons why they 're a wonderful rescue tool .
This , along with their light weight and nimble step , allows canines to traverse terrain to which humans and machines are ill - suited .
It 's a dangerous job , too .
Unstable cement shards , unrecognizable debris and sharp rebar make sureness - of - foot imperative .
Canadian dog teams , like the five from the Canadian Search and Disaster Dog Association , have been sent to Haiti .
The United Nations contacts groups like the CSADDA within minutes of international disasters .
It enables them to better prepare for possible deployment .
Working in tandem with other relief services , canine rescue teams have been the first line of assistance in Haiti .
A few American teams readied themselves to leave within hours of hearing of the crisis .
Finding dogs suited to this work is n't simple .
Most dogs tend to be Labradors , Collies , Retrievers and German Shepherds .
All of America 's Search Dog Foundation 's canines are found in local shelters .
So , before they 're trained to rescue humans these dogs were rescued themselves .
Having met handlers who 've been involved in rural Manitoba 's search and rescue operations , I 've seen first hand what these dogs can do .
They 're talented .
Just because a dog's sense of smell is fantastic , harnessing this ability is n't easy .
A dog and volunteer work together as a team .
They train for two years to acquire certification .
And they retain a daily commitment to stay sharp and in shape .
These handlers know that they play a vital role in saving lives .
Training varies slightly around the world .
Manitoba Search and Rescue is mainly rural based .
Among many other skills , it focuses upon tracking , water rescue and snow training .
Other groups , however , highlight urban search operations .
Manitoba 's Urban Search and Rescue would typically be better suited to disasters like Haiti's .
The dogs are trained to sift through pancaked cement structures .
A Toronto Star article noted that provincial units from Heavy Urban Search and Rescue were recently told to stand down for the Haitian crisis .
No reason was given for the order .
Bloggers question whether this has something to do with maintaining readiness for the upcoming Olympics .
Nevertheless , sending them now might offer little help .
The reason for that might be linked to something reported in the article itself : the survival rate five days into a crisis , like Haiti's , is seven per cent .
We 're now at Day 7 .
A great concern facing humanitarian groups is Haiti 's airport in Port - au - Prince .
It 's overloaded .
Some planes have been either refused clearance to land or have been diverted to the Dominican Republic .
From there , aid has been sent by truck over rough roads .
This has complicated aid efforts .
The UN News Centre reported , " More than 70 people pinned by debris have been found alive , a record number for urban search - and - rescue operations following an earthquake . "
But the hope of finding survivors is diminishing .
As time elapses , this mission will quickly turn into recovery mode .
The work that these dogs and handlers volunteered to provide has been crucial .
Unfortunately , many will likely forget these six - legged teams once the tales of survival fade .
It 's important to remember that some of the search and rescue operations in North America are non-profit .
Training for these situations is not only time - consuming , but costly .
Without those who 've donated to rescue organizations , some of this work would n't have been possible .
Dogs have simple needs .
They have no prejudice or political bias .
They live to serve .
The Canadian Search and Rescue Dog website displays a poignant motto , written in Latin : Fide Canem .
This means , trust the dog .
Never have so many needed to place their trust in rescue dogs .
Let 's hope we humans continue to follow their lead .
Pet Calendar :
D'Arcy's A.R.C ( Animal Rescue Centre ) is holding its 6th Annual All - you - can eat " Paw " sta Dinner , Saturday , Feb .
6 . It 'll be held at Deer Lodge Community Centre ( 323 Bruce Ave . ) .
Tickets : adults $ 10 , children $ 5 .
There will be two seatings : 5 p.m - 7 p.m. and 7:30 p.m.-9:30 p.m.
Seating is limited .
A silent auction and live comedy entertainment with also be available .
For tickets or further information contact , D'Arcy 's A.R.C. at 888-2266 or www.darcysarc.ca
" ö " ö " ö
The Winnipeg Humane Society is opening registration for winter 2010 sessions of the Mini Kid's Club ( ages 7 - 11 ) and the Pet Partners Club ( ages 12 - 15 ) .
At Mini Kids Club children learn and practise safety while exploring pet care and responsible pet ownership .
Classes run Saturdays from 10 a.m. - 12 p.m. from Feb. 20 to March 13 .
At Pet Partners Club young teens share their ideas while participating in a team project designed to benefit our community and the animals that live here .
Classes run every second Sunday from 12 - 1:30 p.m. from Jan. 24 to March 21 .
Both classes require advanced registration .
The fee is $ 32 .
To register contact the education office at 982-2046 or education@humanesociety.mb.ca .
char.adam@mts.net
twitter.com/char'spetpage
The great mystery of British politics is striding into the room , 15 minutes ahead of schedule .
In the flesh , David Cameron looks thinner and younger and smaller than on television .
The caricaturists are wrong : his cheeks do n't appear full and ruddy at all .
He looks sleek , and wired , with an intense gaze .
He knows he could be a few months from Downing Street and the history books – so he is here to woo a crucial electoral bloc that is wary of falling into his arms by giving an interview to Attitude , Britain 's best - selling gay magazine .
He calls for coffee and dispenses with the photographer briskly : he poses for two minutes before saying , " Right , that 's enough , " and walking out of the shot .
He places himself on his sofa , in the shadow of Big Ben , and says : " Right .
Let 's start . "
Until 2005 , David Cameron was a conventional anti-gay Tory .
He attacked Tony Blair for " moving heaven and earth to allow the promotion of homosexuality in our schools " .
He mocked Labour for supporting the " fringe agenda " of equality for gay people .
He supported the homophobic law Section 28 until its dying breath .
But since he became Conservative leader , he has dramatically changed his position .
He apologised for Section 28 , got a Tory conference to applaud the principle of gay marriage , and has moved a flotilla of gay candidates into winnable seats .
It seems at first glance like an amazing starburst of progress – making it possible at last for gay people to pick political parties from anywhere on the spectrum .
The party of Norman Tebbit is now led by a man who poses for photographers outside a screening of Brokeback Mountain .
But a fat question mark hangs over Cameron 's Yellow Brick Road to Damascus .
It is the same question mark that pervades so many of Cameron 's policies – and British politics itself .
The Conservative leader has had conversion after conversion , on everything from the environment to Sure Start to bank regulation .
Is it for real ?
How can a man 's political views really change so far and so fast ?
Is his party behind him ?
Of his Shadow Cabinet team , 85 per cent of those eligible voted for Section 28 , and 90 per cent voted against equalising the age of consent .
By testing how honest he is about gay equality , can we tease out how authentic his claims to a softer , gentler Conservatism are ?
I Shedding dead skin
He immediately starts with an apology .
" I know there are gay people who have conservative values – like wanting us to be supportive of business and enterprise , wanting to have strong defence , believing in the strong defence of liberty and these kind of things – but in the past have felt held back because the Conservative Party was sending them a signal that we did n't support them or their lifestyle , " he says in one long gulp of prose .
" That has changed .
I think we can look gay people in the eye and say , ' You can now back us ... because we now support gay equality ' . "
Cameron starts to list a range of ways he says the Tories have shed their homophobia like dead skin .
" I would particularly point to that speech [ at the party conference ] where as a Conservative leader I stood up and said I support commitment and marriage – whether it is between a man and a woman , or a man and a man , or a woman and a woman .
Find me another Conservative leader , not just in Britain but somewhere in the Western world , who has done that – and been applauded for doing it .
" I did n't have to stand up in front of my own party and say that , " he continues .
" Politics is about taking some risks .
That was a proper good old - fashioned , heart - in - the - throat moment .
This is my chance .
If you lead the party , it 's your chance to put your own stamp on things and do things your own way .
And sorting out this issue has been a complete pleasure in terms of that , and badly needed doing .
Am I the first person to spot it ?
No .
But I think we 've done some big steps on that . "
He stresses that any benefits his government gives to marriage will also go to civil - partnered couples , and there are now two people in his front - bench team who have had civil partnerships themselves .
He is speaking fast and rhythmically , holding my gaze , like a debater sealing his case .
How did he get from backing homophobic laws to this public homophilia in just four years ?
" I think , now , looking back , you can see the mistake of Section 28 , " he says , talking about the Thatcher - era law that made it a crime to " promote homosexuality " to children , which he supported so strongly he put it in his election literature several times .
" There 's only one thing worse than making a mistake and that 's not putting your hands up and admitting it . "
But what exactly is he apologising for ?
He insists he never believed that it was possible to " promote homosexuality " or make children gay .
So what did he think the law was about ?
" You know , we can go over history , but what it came out of was this concern that local authorities were getting too involved in messaging in schools . "
Yes – about gay sex .
" But look , you can have your arguments about what local authorities should and should n't be getting involved in , " he says , waving his hand .
He says his mind was changed by a gay friend who told him : " You can argue forever about this but in the end it 's something that a lot of people in this country find very offensive , and on that basis it can't be a sensible thing to do . "
The more I ask about Section 28 , the more he repeats this point – it was offensive , it was " finger - pointing " , so it had to go .
Yes , but it was n't purely a symbol .
It was a law that did real harm to gay people .
It prevented teachers from stopping homophobic bullying ; it prevented proper sex education for gay kids at the height of the Aids crisis .
He repeats it again : it was an insult .
He is n't going to venture deeper than that .
He says he did n't know any openly gay people as a child , or even at university .
The first openly gay people he met were at the Conservative Research Department , after he had graduated .
Perhaps this explains how he formed the attitudes that kept him opposed to gay equality for so long .
I start to go over his record beyond Section 28 – and slap into a brick wall .
In 2002 he voted against allowing gay couples to adopt .
Yet when I ask him why , he flatly denies it .
He says : " No ... we were three - line - whipped on that vote and I abstained on it . "
I point him to Hansard , which records his vote against gay marriage in cold , black ink .
He says " my memory " is that he abstained , and that he now thinks " the ideal adoption is finding a mum and a dad , but there will be occasions when gay couples make very good adoptive parents .
So I support gay adoption . "
Even since his apparent conversion , he has voted to block a piece of progress .
In 2008 , he wanted lesbians who receive IVF treatment to be required to name a father figure – a requirement that gay equality groups say would obviously makes it harder for them to receive treatment .
" No , I think that 's a classic way to try to misinterpret what the vote was about , " he says .
He insists he only wanted fertility clinics to have to " ask the question " about " the need for a father " .
But why ask the question , if you do n't have an answer in mind ?
" I think those are important questions to be considered , " says , and looks away .
II A whistle - stop tour
On an hour - long tour of the policies he will make as Prime Minister that specifically pertain to gay people , Cameron is by turns impressive , mediocre , and worrying .
He is at his best and at his clearest – to my surprise – when it comes to refugees who are fleeing homophobic persecution .
He says : " If you are fleeing persecution and that fear is well - founded , then you should be able to stay .
As I understand it , the 1951 Convention [ on the rights of refugees ] does n't mention sexuality , but because it mentions membership of a social group , that phrase is being used by the courts , rightly , to say that if someone has a realistic fear of persecution they should be allowed to stay . "
At the moment , gay refugees are often told – under a Labour government – to go back home and hide their sexuality from police forces who would imprison , torture or kill them for it .
I ask him if that is wrong – and he says unequivocally : " I think it is .
If you have a legitimate fear of persecution , that it seems to me that is a perfectly legitimate reason to stay . "
Similarly , he is admirably disdainful of the ban on gay men giving blood .
He says there is an independent investigation into this and he has to wait for its results , but " it sounds perfectly logical and sensible to make the change ...
Logic would dictate that it 's time to change . "
He even tells the Church of England to follow his lead , saying : " I do n't want to get into a huge row with the Archbishop here ... but the Church has to do some of the things that the Conservative Party has been through – sorting this issue out and recognising that full equality is a bottom - line , full essential . "
Yet on perhaps the two biggest issues affecting gay people in Britain – violence in the playground , and violence on the streets – he does n't have much to say .
Ofsted has found that homophobic bullying is " endemic " in our schools , and a Stonewall study found that 42 per cent of gay kids get beaten up and 17 per cent get told they are going to be killed .
Cameron says : " I think there 's a broader question of bullying and how we deal with it .
A part of it is about trusting teachers and head teachers more to instil a sense of discipline in their schools , which they find very difficult at the moment – partly because of all the bureaucratic rules and regulations about what they are and are n't allowed to do . "
But how will he specifically tackle homophobic bullying ?
" The most important instrument of the state is to allow head teachers to keep order in their schools .
To search for things , without having to have evidence that there 's weapons involved .
To set proper punishments in schools , to exclude pupils who are bullies , or take part in bullying , without being overruled by an appeals panel . "
He nods , as if agreeing with himself , and continues : " I think you need a framework of what is taught from above , but the discipline and order and actually making sure that bullying is stamped out has got to be done by the head teacher and teachers . "
But I point out this is , again , talk about general bullying , rather than the hugely disproportionate amount directed at gay kids .
Does he agree with the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , that schools should be required to teach that homosexuality is " normal and harmless " , just as they respond to racist bullying by saying all ethnicities are equal ?
He pauses and looks a little sceptical .
" I think the point is , there 's now proper guidance from the [ Department of Education ] about this , and I think that 's right , " he says .
There is , however , some evidence Cameron 's policies will unwittingly make homophobic bullying worse .
The keystone of his education policy is to allow any group of parents who want to set up a school , and can attract pupils , to receive state funding .
But the National Secular Society warns that wherever this has been tried , there is a huge rise in religious fundamentalist schools .
We know they are far worse for gay kids : the Stonewall study , for example , found that anti-gay bullying is 10 per cent worse in faith schools .
At first Cameron 's response to this is to sound bemused .
He says he does n't understand why homophobia would be worse in faith schools .
But I ask :
Is it so odd ?
Some of these religious groups – not all – believe homosexuality is a sin .
For the only time in the interview , Cameron looks irritated .
" That 's so wrong , " he snaps , his brow furrowed .
" My daughter goes to a church school and it's not like that . "
He angrily says , " A lot of what you 've read in the newspapers is actually a lot of tosh . "
With a firm glare , he says he will put in place " ground rules " to make sure new religious schools " teach equality " , and that 's that .
He gets up to turn down the radiator next to him .
When it comes to how to tackle the sudden spike in homophobic violence – 40 per cent in a year – Cameron 's answer seems strangely scrawny .
He says : " Culture is important .
Some of the things that rappers and others sing are completely unacceptable .
I was sort of laughed at when I first made this point four years ago , but I do believe that it 's important . "
He says he wo n't ban the songs , but he will argue against them .
" Do n't underestimate the power of the bully pulpit , it is important .
The idea of social and cultural leadership in these things does make a difference . "
I assume that 's the first step in his answer , and he is going to list many more ways to reduce homophobic violence – but then I realise he is staring at me , expecting the next question .
That 's it ?
What else will you do ?
" Well , I think we can stop some of these people [ meaning rappers ] coming into the country . "
When I tell him a Home Office study has found homophobia is " endemic " within the police , he looks surprised .
He says the police force " is making some progress " , and " what is required now is leadership " .
In the middle of hugely disproportionate violence against gay people , he 's offering a weak cocktail : more prime - ministerial criticism of rappers , more power for headmasters , and a vague call for " leadership " in a police force where homophobia is rife .
III " He is not homophobic "
Yet Cameron has most shocked gay people who want to support him when it comes to Europe , where he has allied with men who accuse gays of paedophilia and destroying Western civilisation .
After he became leader , he pulled out of the European People 's Party ( EPP ) , an alliance in the European Parliament with the moderate centre - right parties of Angela Merkel and Nicholas Sarkozy , in favour of a new coalition of Euro - sceptics , largely from eastern Europe .
His new grouping is led by Michal Kaminski , a Polish politician who has been filmed calling gay people " faggots " .
When the interviewer expressed surprise that he had used such an offensive term , Kaminski replied : " What can I say ?
They are faggots . "
Tory MEPs now sit under his leadership in Brussels ; he was invited to address the Conservative Party conference .
Cameron said on Sky News : " He is not homophobic . "
When I raise the subject , he nods , sits up , and drinks from his coffee in a big gulp .
" I think you should form European alliances on whether you agree with these people 's views on the broad direction of the future of Europe , that 's what it 's about , " he says .
" Now , does that make it a more difficult message to explain to gay people who want to vote Conservative ?
Yes it does , I accept that .
One of the reasons for doing this interview is hopefully to try and get across a sense that I have not joined with these people because of their views on social issues .
I have not . "
He stresses that he has joined with these groups because " there should be a centre - right group in Europe that wants [ the European Union to be ] an open , flexible , trading Europe , rather than the endless progress towards a more federalised Europe " .
This is obviously true , and perfectly defensible .
But Cameron has gone further than that .
He has repeatedly said that Kaminski and his party are " not homophobic " , and that he would n't ally with them if they were .
The evidence shows this is wrong – and shockingly so .
A few days before we met , the MPs of this " not homophobic " Law and Justice Party demanded a crackdown on what they called " positive paedophilia by some homosexual circles . "
Their senior MP , Stanislaw Pieta , said : " I 'm not saying every gay is a paedophile , but in Britain 43 per cent of paedophiles are gay and they only make up 1 per cent of the population . "
Their leader , Lech Kaczynski , says " the human race would disappear if homosexuality was freely promoted . "
There are hundreds of such statements from the party , all on video .
" Obviously , I do n't agree with that [ statement ] , " Cameron says when I read it to him .
So does he now admit they are homophobes ?
" I 'm not allied with parties that have views on homophobia or racism that I think are unacceptable . "
But these are the leaders of the party .
They are not marginal .
I read him more and more shocking statements .
Poker - faced , Cameron refuses to address the contradiction in his position : he says he would n't ally with anti-gay politicians , yet here they are , making blatantly anti-gay statements .
Whenever I raise it , he tries to change the subject .
All the parties in Poland are equally bad on gay rights , he says .
I tell him that 's not what the Polish gay equality groups say .
The veteran gay activist Waldemar Zboralski says : " The Law and Justice Party is by far the most homophobic party in Poland , and Mr Kaminski is the leading symbol of homophobia in this country .
It 's very strange for Mr Cameron to deny this ; it is indisputable . "
So he throws into the air a confetti of different distractions .
These are n't " minor parties " , he says , " they were parties of government " recently .
The Liberal Democrats have anti-gay allies too : " Where are the questions for Nick Clegg ? "
Finally , he says : " Funnily enough , who 's now in the EPP ?
Italian fascists .
Would you be happier if we went and joined a bunch of Italian fascists ?
No . "
But Mr Cameron , why can't you simply condemn people who call us " faggots " and " paedophiles " as homophobic ?
If that is n't homophobia , what is ?
How can we believe you are not the old Section 28 Tories underneath if you invest so much energy defending these bigots ?
His brow is furrowed .
He says finally , in a quick , snappy tone : " The fact is , in some eastern European countries they need to make progress towards equality and rights ...
Conservative parties have had to go through a real change over this issue .
I think we 've done it faster in the UK than some others .
Will other European conservative parties be on a similar journey ?
Yes .
Have they finished ?
No . "
Finally , after a huge amount of wrangling and jangling , he argues these parties " are changing " , and will change more if he engages with them .
But change from what ?
He wo n't say .
IV The mystery
Is Cameron 's reinvention convincing , in the flesh , and in the end ?
He is a former corporate PR man , so you would expect him to be able to deliver a convincing sales pitch – and he does .
He does have some real progress to sell : he talks about getting the Tory conference to applaud gay marriage , and the selection of gay candidates , with passion .
His defence of gay refugees and opposition to the blood donation ban went further than he has to politically .
Yet there was enough evasion and dissembling in his answers to sow doubts .
He did n't tell the truth about his own voting record , and he made ludicrously false statements about his anti-gay European allies .
On the biggest obstacles facing gay people – the real , on - going violence – he had little to offer beyond words of condemnation .
David Cameron is a hazy cloud of charm and platitudes : no matter how hard you peer into him , you cannot find anything solid to focus on for long .
There are flickers of apparently real pro-gay feeling , but they are soon followed by excuse - making for some of the most anti-gay politicians in Europe .
Which is the real Cameron ?
On this issue , I suspect even he does n't know .
But over the next four years , we are all going to find out : the beaming lights of power will part this mysterious and contradictory fog .
Mayoral candidate Adam Giambrone admitted Monday night he had " an inappropriate relationship with a young woman . "
Calling it " a serious lapse in judgment , " the Toronto city councillor offered his " deepest apology to my partner , Sarah , my family and friends for the pain and embarrassment my indiscretion will cause them . "
His statement came after the Toronto Star asked him a series of questions about his relationship with university student Kristen Lucas , who said she had an intimate relationship with Giambrone for more than a year .
Lucas , now 20 , was 19 when she began dating Giambrone .
She told the Star Giambrone had told her his live - in partner of many years – who 's been at his side for public events during his fledgling mayoral bid – is there for " political " reasons .
" You know I will be announcing I have a partner , " Giambrone , 32 , wrote in a text message to Lucas Dec. 27 .
" It is someone named Sarah ( McQuarrie ) , who I 've been involved with in the past .
It is important for the campaign . "
Giambrone told Lucas he hoped they could continue to see each other , assuring her : " I had to have someone political . "
In recent interviews with the Star , Lucas said she 's been involved with Giambrone since late 2008 and , on several occasions , had sex late at night on a couch in his City Hall office .
Giambrone , who launched his first bid for the mayor 's chair Feb. 1 , is also chair of the troubled Toronto Transit Commission .
In a statement Monday night to the Star , Giambrone said the relationship with Lucas " consisted of text messages and conversations in public places only .
I met her mother , having dropped her off at home . "
Further , Giambrone wrote ; " Realizing the mistake this relationship was I tried to end it some months ago and finally broke off all contact . "
Lucas provided the Star with what she said were text messages between the pair dating back to last year , as well as Facebook correspondence .
She alleged Giambrone revealed secrets relating to his work – " I knew a long , long time ago about the ( TTC ) fare hike " – and shared his " negative " opinions of several councillors .
She offered no details , but said Mayor " David Miller is like a god to Adam . "
Lucas said she told only her mother , non-profit social worker Lori Lucas , about the TTC hike , which was announced in mid-November and took effect Jan .
1 . Her mother said she kept the secret .
Curled in an armchair in her mother 's living room Sunday , Lucas , slight with curly black hair , said she was shocked in December to learn about McQuarrie , whom Giambrone describes publicly as his " longtime live - in partner . "
McQuarrie , wearing pearls and narrow glasses , strode onto the stage after Giambrone 's speech at his campaign launch last week , doing air pumps with him before descending into the crowd for a joint meet - and - greet with supporters .
" I really wanted to tell you ( about McQuarrie ) when we met , " Giambrone writes Dec. 27 , 2009 , according to text messages taken from Lucas 's phone .
" I hope this does not change things .
" We 're still going to meet like we said next week , right ? " he asks .
Replies Lucas : " No , it changes everything .
Why could n't it have been me ? "
He insists he had to have someone " political , " and asks : " Do you mean we can't talk ? "
In another text message , Giambrone tells her : " I still think of you when I need ... um ... stimulation . "
Further : " I like you because you 're smart and interesting .
You 're also good - looking naked . "
Lucas insisted Giambrone " told me he did n't have a girlfriend . "
Although he never took her to his apartment , she believed he was concerned his elderly parents , who lived nearby , might drop by unannounced .
" I am actually pretty transparent , " he told her , in an early Facebook message , Dec. 21 , 2008 .
" I live with my brother .
I swim a lot and like to spend time travelling .
How 's that for a beginning . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
A year later , she reacted angrily to the news about McQuarrie , texting : " Please do n't tell me you 're doing this for the campaign .
You 're actually going to build a life you do n't want ?
That 's mind - blowing .
" You HAD to choose someone good for your campaign .
That 's f------ ridiculous . "
Later Giambrone insists , " I am NOT marrying ( Sarah ) . "
According to Lucas , they had sex for the last time Jan. 2 , this year , in her bedroom .
Later , lying in bed and talking , she says she agreed to keep seeing him – provided he told McQuarrie about their relationship .
Earlier that evening , Giambrone had attended a function with McQuarrie at Wanza , an Ethiopian restaurant on the Danforth , where the couple was photographed about to sample his favourite dish of onions , red peppers and spare ribs .
Lucas , who 'd written she'd " wear something nice , " waited at her place .
When she messaged him to ask where he was , Giambrone replied : " Yes , still here at the restaurant , see the photo in the Sun tomorrow . "
Later , a text says he 's en route to her home , first 15 minutes away , then five .
Monday night , Giambrone said in his statement Lucas had " earlier sent an email I thought was threatening . "
His campaign sent the Star a copy of an email that it claimed had been sent to Giambrone by Lucas on Jan .
7 .
In the email she threatens to track down " ur `girlfriend ' and let her know about the affair we 're having .
It does n't have to be true ... ha !
I hope U become mayor so that I could become TTC chair ! "
Lucas denied sending the email and pointed out her name is spelled incorrectly .
She said Giambrone called her Saturday morning and kept telling her he was sorry .
He also insisted he and Lucas had always been just friends , she said .
Each time she challenged a statement as mistaken , he backed down and apologized again , she said .
Before they hung up , she said she asked if he was sleeping with McQuarrie while he was sleeping with her .
According to her , he said he had been .
In his statement Monday night , Giambrone said : " I called her on this past weekend to ask her not to reveal the relationship . "
This theme was created by :
While most of the day was dominated by Republican grandstanding and obstinate talking point sticking - to , there were some real highlights among Democratic participants .
So here 's Louise Slaughter , reminding everyone of the sad history of women's health in our legislative history , the need to protect our seniors from Paul Ryan 's Medicare " voucher " plan , and what Newsweek is calling the quote of the day .
But you 'll also see Dick Durbin on just how meaningless -- and wrong - headed -- the Republican proposal on tort reform really is .
He also emphatically reminds his Congressional colleagues of just how privileged they are .
There 's nice follow - up from President Obama , taking on John Barrasso ( who calls himself a doctor ) on how catastrophic care plans and health savings accounts should be adequate for everyone .
Obama fills him in on reality .
And finally , Henry Waxman -- who has devoted a huge chunk of his career to this issue -- follows up , to reiterate the need to protect Seniors , protect Medicare , and how the Republican answer of creating " prudent shoppers " is not asnwer at all .
One of the Valley 's most notorious rock - concert venues , shuttered more than seven years ago after a judge ordered it to crack down on crime and drugs , is being reborn .
Milestones in the history of Mesa 's Nile Theater , now reopening as a concert venue : August 1924 - Nile opens as an opulent silent - movie palace , showing The Sea Hawk .
Ushers are dressed as pirates .
1951 - Nile closes as a theater ; building sees other uses over time .
1987 - Nile is extensively remodeled , becomes home to dinner theater and then a restaurant .
September 1994 - Reopens as alternative - rock nightclub .
Jan. 18 , 1995 - Marilyn Manson performs there .
Spring 1995 - Nearby businesses begin complaining about vandalism and litter linked to the club .
Aug. 1 , 1997 - Police arrest members of band Eroticide after allegedly pornographic performance .
October 1999 - Overcoming city objections ,
Nile hosts match between female professional kick boxer and self - proclaimed male bar brawler .
She wins in a minute .
May 2000 - Fending off another controversy , theater scraps plans for a performance by female oil wrestlers .
February 2001 - Police say they made 30 drug buys during sting operations at the Nile .
Aug. 25 , 2001 - Phoenix man is slain , two others wounded by gunfire during a Nile rap concert .
June 2002 - County Attorney 's
Office obtains restraining order that orders Nile to ban drugs and weapons and to stop allowing crimes to occur on premises .
This leads to injunction against the club in October .
Nov. 3 , 2002 - Nile hosts its last performance .
2003 - Faith Harvest Christian Church moves to the site .
2010 - Church leaves ; concert venue called Underground Mesa opens .
But the newest tenant of the historic Nile Theater at 105 W. Main St. in downtown Mesa vows her operation wo n't be like the one that made headlines during an eight - year run that ended in late 2002 .
Those headlines included an early appearance by shock - rocker Marilyn Manson , the arrest of a band called Eroticide for an allegedly obscene performance , a controversial bout between a professional female kick - boxer and an amateur male street brawler , and a triple shooting in 2001 that left one man dead .
" This is not going to be the kind of thing where we 're going to need armed guards , " said owner Erin Peters .
" It 's a much different situation than it was . "
Peters , 29 , is a partner in the Mantooth Group , which has been promoting shows in several small Valley venues since last April .
Their Mesa operation is named Mesa - Underground on its alleyway entrance sign , and The Underground on the company 's Web site .
Grand opening was Friday night ( Feb. 19 ) , featuring a Tempe band called Crash Coordinates and several other performers .
Peters said acts will range from soft acoustic styles to hard rock .
For Peters , it 's the revival of a youthful dream .
Her band , Round Two , played at the Nile when she was in her late teens .
But she does n't remember it as the raucous place that was chronicled in press accounts of the time .
" We were never involved in any of those situations that happened , " Peters said .
" We 've never had any issues at our shows whatsoever . "
Peters said shows will be held in the old theater 's basement , which has a capacity of 212 .
Refreshments will be for sale , but there will be no liquor in a venue aimed at attracting a younger crowd to Mesa 's long - struggling downtown .
" We are working with the Mesa Police Department to create a safe environment , " Peters said .
Sgt. Ed Wessing , a Mesa police spokesman , said his department will be watching .
" The department welcomes any business that is willing to operate lawfully , " Wessing said .
" We just want to ensure that not only the people that attend there are safe , but also the businesses around there are safe . "
Wessing said the department is researching whether an October 2002 permanent injunction might apply to the new operation .
The injunction was issued in Maricopa County Superior Court at the behest of then - County Attorney Rick Romley .
It ordered Corey Adams , who operated the Nile at the time , and his parents , Claude and Kathleen Adams , who still own the building , to provide adequate security and take numerous steps to keep drugs and criminals away .
The Nile closed a few days later .
The notoriety was a far cry from the Nile Theater 's opening in August 1924 , which came amid glowing newspaper accounts and featured a silent movie called The Sea Hawk , starring legendary actor Wallace Beery .
Ushers dressed as pirates showed patrons their seats for the nautical adventure tale .
After the concert venue closed in 2002 , the building was rented by Faith Harvest Church , which ran a ministry and bookstore there .
Representatives of the church did not return phone calls seeking comment on why they left or what their plans are now .
If you have a problem , if no - one else can help you , shake your fist at John Barrowman .
Quietly building up since David Tennant ’s appearance on Never Mind the Buzzcocks , Britain has taken to a new hobby .
“ Barrowman … Grrrr ” involves taking your first and shaking it in rage at the start of Torchwood , John Barrowman , and blaming him for anything that ’s wrong with your life .
Your wife left you ?
“ Barrowman … Grrrr ”
Left the butter out of the fridge in Paris ?
“ Barrowman ! … Grrrr ”
Forced to watch the new Twilight movie ?
“ Barrowman ! … Grrrr ”
With discussions , forums and self help groups springing up over the internet , and over 26,000 people joining in on Facebook , we ’ve a lot to blame the Scottish star for … and I mean both of them !
Join fellow worshippers at the Facebook Group .
The Dubai Assassins Alleged Killer Left Traces in Cologne and Israel
The Israeli intelligence agency , the Mossad , will neither deny nor accept responsibility for the murder of Hamas weapons dealer Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
But one of the alleged Dubai assassins , a man working under the alias Michael Bodenheimer , left traces in Cologne , Germany and Herzliya , Israel .
Did 2009 really have only 12 months ?
There was a stretch in the late spring and early summer where each day felt like Groundhog Day .
Bad news seemed to repeat itself and get worse each day .
The tech sector struggled like every other , but the year was not a total loss .
Scattered among the lowlights were moments of clarity , excitement , and sheer , geeked - out bliss .
And , of course , there were the winners and losers .
What follows is my look at the defining moments , trends , technologies , and products of 2009 and my winners and losers in each ( By " losers , " I mean those who lost , not those who are losers . ) .
TABLETS
I do n't know if we 've ever talked about a non-existent product as much as we did tablets in 2009 .
There are literally zero productson the market and as of this writing .
Vaporware or not , in tablets and , certainly , in all of the ideas floated by TechCrunch , Microsoft , and , possibly , .
These can and will be game - changing devices when and if they start to arrive in 2010 .
Winner : Apple .
The company did nothing and allowed a cloud of positive vapors to form around it .
Steve Jobs is a genius .
Winner : Anyone who saw tech 's equivalent of the Red Wolf .
Losers : Michael Arrington and Fusion Garage .
These partners had the only " real " product in the tablet lineup .
I know people who saw it .
We may see it again , but until these two work out their differences , they 'll remain in the losers ' column .
Loser Addendum :
As I wrote this , Fusion Garage reintroduced the CrunchPad as a $ 499 device known as " JooJoo . "
The name alone keeps it in the loser column .
OPERATING SYSTEMS
2009 turned into a very good year for computer platforms .
Microsoft successfully launched an operating system the business - saving .
Apple continued its winning waysat least as far as the Mac devoted are concerned and launched .
In each case , the companies did n't stray far from the tried and true , but Microsoft , in particular , cleaned up the mess that was Vista and found its marketing mojo to pull off one of the most successful tech launches this decade .
Coming in at the tail end of this year , Google 's Chrome OS is the X - factor that no one can truly assess .
It may be a game - changer in 2010 , or it could suffer the same fate as virtually every other Linux - based operating system and end up as a niche / business player .
Winners : Microsoft and Apple .
Winner : Steve Ballmer .
He delivered the biggest hit of his CEO career .
Loser : Linuxagain !
It 's a great platform that , that was Windows Vista , could not grow market share .
Google Chrome OS could change all that .
COMPUTERS
The system business was n't very good in 2009 , and most manufacturers slowed down the introduction of new and significantly different models .
In fact , for much of the year , .
They sold like hotcakes and manufacturers , to the chagrin of Intel and Microsoft ( who were getting no margins on , respectively , cheap Atom CPUs and dusty - old copies of Windows XP ) , kept rolling out new models .
The fourth - quarter launch of Windows 7 seems to have reenergized the computer business , and we 've seen a whole bunch of new models , many of which are not netbooks and some that offer significant new features like .
Winner : Netbooks .
They ate up all the consumer system business in sight .
Winner : Microsoft .
The company delivered Windows 7 to partners , as promised .
Losers : Just about every other kind of computer manufacturer who did not have a great 2009 . 
EBOOKS
Amazon 's Kindle burst onto the scene in 2007 , but its made it a hot commodity and helped spur the nearly constant discussion about the long - term viability of the platform .
It even helped spark the tablet mania .
This year we saw Sony raise its game in the e-reader market but fail to deliver on promises like the delivery of a wireless model .
And Barnes & Noble threw its ha er books into the ring with the Nook .
Winner : Amazon .
It 's got the best reader , best digital library , and most firmly - established commerce model .
Loser : Sony .
It 's offering good readers , but the has image issues and wireless promises remain unfulfilled .
Loser : Barnes & Noble .
The Nook looks great , but where is it ?
How could Barnes & Noble allow itself to make the Amazon made two years earlier with the first Kindle ?
SEARCH
Google has dominated this space for most of the decade , while competitors have either folded or spent oodles of money on pointless marketing and ad campaigns ( Ask , anyone ? ) .
Microsoft has promised an Internet strategy since the mid-90s , but rarely ever delivers anything that looks and acts as if it was built in the age of the Internet .
That all changed this year with the stunning success of .
It made everyone sit up and take notice .
For the second time in 12 months , Microsoft married smart marketing with a truly effective product .
I do n't know for sure , but I think Bing put Google in permanent after - burner mode .
This year also saw one other hype machine , though I blame the Internet echo chamber and not the developers of Wolfram Alpha .
This is a good , useful , and that everyone mistook for some sort of Google competitor .
It 's not .
Winner : Microsoft .
It 's actually getting search right .
Winner : Google .
It still soundly trounces Microsoft and everyoneelse in the search space .
Loser : Wolfram Alpha .
There was so much hype and so little importance for just about everybody .
CONTENT
Most people will tell you that they 'll be happy when 2009 is over .
Content providers might say that they wish 2009 never happened .
People who generate stories of almost every kind had an incredibly tough year .
Newspapers saw their ad sales fall through the floor , past the basement , and land somewhere in the molten core of our ever - spinning earth .
They , in turn , started scrambling for ways to monetize what they post online .
The surprising target of their ire in 2009 : Google and especially Google News .
The search engine points people to the news sites , but it does n't pay anything to the media companies , or give them a slice of the ad revenue generated from running targeted advertising around their headlines and synopses .
Content providers were also blowing jets of fire at blog mavens like Arianna Huffington , who 's Huffington Post regularly rewrites stories found elsewhere .
As the year ended , major moguls like Rupert Murdoch were putting all of their content behind pay walls and possibly even talking about .
Meanwhile , Google had fallen back into defense mode , even offering to change the way it presents news stories on its services .
This wo n't get any prettier in 2010 .
Winners : Nobody .
Losers : Newspapers .
They can't catch a break , and putting content behind pay walls may not be the way to save them .
Losers : Consumers .
We 're losing access to some of our favorite news content in the real world and online . 
SMARTPHONES
What had once been little more than battles and border skirmishes turned into all - out war in 2009 , with smartphone manufacturers , service providers , and partners going after each other with a ferocity not witnessed since David Lee Roth took on Sammy Hagar ( and all of Van Halen ) .
Some might say Apple ignited the war with the iPhone .
I think 2009 's action was sparked by the remarkable .
Palm produced the best product rollout I have ever seen .
Every single journalist I spoke to at the event was wowed , and we all wanted one .
Nearly 12 months later , that ardor has cooled a bit .
It 's still a great product , but Palm slipped up on the development kit delivery and there are still almost no apps .
In the meantime , Google Android found its footing and , perhaps , its perfect partner in Verizon .
The Droid is easily one of the best smartphones I saw and used this year .
Motorola did some great stuff with Android , too , but nearly sabotaged it with an .
Ultimately , smartphones became the single most important technology category in 2009 , and that 's unlikely to change in 2010 .
Winners : Palm Pre , Droid phones , Apple iPhone , and BlackBerry Tour and Bold updates .
Loser : Palm .
Where are the apps ?
Where is the excitement ?
Loser : Microsoft .
It did not update Windows Mobile quickly enough .
Version 6.5 did not cut it in 2009 , and I think Microsoft knows it .
I expect things to be different in 2010 .
WEB APPS
Microsoft and Google both raised their in 2009 , though Microsoft 's offerings are still more in the pupa stage rather than full - blown products that anyone can and should use .
Google 's Apps continue to improve , but they 're still nowhere near as full - featured as their off - line counterparts .
Even so , with Microsoft officially entering the fray and fully functioning Web applications set to appear in 2010 , the world of desktop applications is on the precipice of some significant changes .
Winners : Consumers .
Losers : Existing Web app developers those who lack the development , marketing , and advertising power of a Google or Microsoft .
CLOUD COMPUTING
Cloud computing promises to be a hot topic in 2010 , especially with the introduction of the .
Still , 2009 was a bumpy year for the Internet - driven productivity paradigm . , , and other sites were knocked off by .
Everytime people get excited about the idea of working in the cloud , with just a thin client on their desk , someone loses access to a Web site .
Google started hedging its bets by incorporating offline access into popular Web services like Gmail .
However , with Chrome OS on the horizon , there are still more questions than answers about whether or not we can live our days in the cloud .
Winner : Google .
Loser : Anyone , including Google , whose online service went dark for any period of time in 2009 .
Loser : Anyone who was frustrated by Gmail 's outages .
MICROSOFT AND YAHOO
Yahoo is primarily to blame for the inability to consummate a relationship with Microsoftone that could have easily turned either company into Google 's most formidable opponent .
In the end , we have to that mostly benefits Microsoft and its fledgling Bing search engine and , kind of , what Yahoo was once all about .
I just keep thinking that this was one very big missed opportunity .
Winner : Microsoft .
Of course .
Loser : Yahoo .
It had so many good tools and services , so much promise , and so much mismanagement . 
DRM
Unlike most people I know at least the tech watchers I do not get my about digital rights management .
I know that people find DRM onerous , restrictive , frustrating , and somehow unfair .
( I often hear : " If I buy it , I own it and can do whatever the hell I want with it . " )
E- books are still sporting DRM it 's the biggest knock against the Kindlebut for all intents and purposes , the DRM we knew and many hated up to and into 2009 is dead or on its way to the grave .
DRM - free music was the turning point .
The only question now is if the movie industry will eventually follow suit and what , if anything , Amazon will do about DRM in 2010 .
Winners : Everyone .
Loser : No one .
NEW GAMING PARADIGMS
I am honestly excited about the innovation coming to gaming in 2010 .
We all got more than a glimpse of it in 2009 , and nothing was cooler than .
Microsoft 's controller - free gaming experience is futuristic , other - worldly , and most of allfun .
Sony has a gesture - based controller for the PS3 , too , though I worry that the 2009 iteration still needed wands .
Nintendo started the motion - control craze but now appears behind .
What will 2010 bring ?
Winner : Microsoft .
Project Natal is , pun intended , a game - changer .
Loser : Nintendo Wii .
It ca n't change fast enough .
ROBOTS
Was there even one significant consumer robotics release in 2009  from anyone ? .
iRobot has n't released another game - changing product since the .
I like the , but the robot floor mop has not sold nearly as well as iRobot 's robot vacuum .
2009 's other most interesting robot , the Pleo , was introduced 3 years ago and this year .
It 's been , but I am not optimistic .
Winners :
Anyone who makes toys that only seem like robots .
Loser : iRobot .
The company does amazing business with the military .
It even unveiled a shape - shifting robot , but it is in desperate need of a big consumer hit .
Losers : Pleo .
The robot , which is now on life support , has a new parent company .
Losers : Us . Your own personal Gigantor is just a pipe dream .
TWITTER
I 've been wrong before , but never so spectacularly .
I actually predicted that Twitter would be gone by 2011 .
Now , as a Twitterholic , I seriously wonder what I 'd do without the micro- blogging service ( visions of me standing , disheveled and rambling on some street corner , seem likely ) .
I got hooked in 2008 , and I think Twitter crash - landed in the consumer consciousness on when the pilot of American Airlines Flight 1549 made a spectacular , life - saving landing in New York 's Hudson River .
Many of us were tweeting about what we saw and learned about the event on TV .
And then there was the TwitPic seen around the world .
A Twitter member happened to be on one of the first ferries to reach the stranded aircraft .
He snapped a photo and posted it to Twitter .
This all led to some very rapid Twitter growth , and the social networking service achieving superstar status .
In the process , it attracted some real superstars , such as .
Things got a bit wonky after that , as expectations for what is really a fairly simple online service handily surpassed reality .
There was the annoying race to one million followers between Ashton Kutcher and CNN .
Other stars became enchanted with the service and then , unceremoniously , ignored it .
Even so , Twitter cemented its position in the public consciousness and I am onboard for as long as it will have me .
Winners : Evan Williams and Biz Stone .
These Twitter founders are responsible for my obsession .
Losers : Anyone who thought Oprah Winfrey would actually use Twitter in a meaningful way .
MP3 PLAYERS
Not only did Microsoft not back off from its rather poorly performing Zune business , it retrenched and unveiled the gorgeous .
This is a lust - worthy device that works nearly as well as a third - generation .
The biggest stumbling block : virtually no apps .
Winner : Microsoft .
It stuck with it .
Winner : Apple .
It still owns the MP3 market crown .
Losers : Virtually any other manufacturer trying to make a media player that matters .
I 'm looking at you Samsung , Sony , and SanDisk .
FASTER CELLULAR BROADBAND
This year of WiMax connectivity , and it was awesome .
Now I have to live with the memories while I wait for a national WiMax or ClearWire network to make it to New York .
Unless , of course , the suddenly becomes the standard .
Winner : Me !
I got a chance to try WiMax .
Losers : AT&T , Sprint , and Verizon did not move fast enough to rewire their infrastructures .
There you have it my biggest winners and losers for 2009 .
I know there are many highlights that I 've left out ( i.e. AMD vs. Intel , Intel vs. Nvidia , Microsoft vs. the EU , set - top boxes , Hulu , NBC and Comcast , etc. ) .
You can discuss my choices and talk about all I missed in the comments section below .
EDUCATION ON TWITTER EDUCATION ON TWITTER NASHVILLE 
The expulsion of a high school basketball player who posted angry messages on Facebook highlights a growing debate over students ' privacy and free - speech rights online .
Taylor Cummings , 17 , a senior at Martin Luther King Jr. Magnet High School , had been butting heads with his coaches .
He logged onto Facebook at home on Jan. 3 and wrote , among other things , " I 'ma kill em all . "
He was suspended the next day and expelled Jan. 14 , Cummings and his family say .
School officials decline to discuss the case but say they have suspended and expelled students in the past for infractions that involved social networks , text messaging , e-mail and other technologies .
FACEBOOK : Teen expelled for threatening posts " We have to take any threat as a potential for being a real threat , " says Olivia Brown , spokeswoman for Metropolitan Nashville Public Schools .
Dan Domenech , executive director of the American Association of School Administrators , says schools are wrestling with how to handle students ' free - speech and privacy rights online .
Recent cases include the suspension in suburban Syracuse , N.Y. , last month of a seventh - grader who created a Facebook page that school officials say included obscene postings about a teacher .
Mouthing off to a friend about a teacher is n't new , says Lisa Soronen , attorney for the National School Boards Association .
What 's new is that " technology allows you to do it very anonymously and also permanently and publicly , " she says .
The Supreme Court has yet to weigh in , so " the jury is still out on whether courts are going to allow schools to punish students for this type of speech , " says Catherine Crump , an American Civil Liberties Union attorney .
The ACLU believes schools do n't have the authority to punish students for speech out of school , Crump says .
In a case such as Cummings ' , officials must consider whether the threats are serious or whether the speech would cause a substantial disruption to the school , says David Hudson , of the First Amendment Center , a non-partisan center at Vanderbilt University that studies free - expression issues .
" True threats are not protected by the First Amendment . "
Cummings ' father , Harrison Cummings , says the language his son used was inappropriate but he should n't have been expelled .
Taylor , who has no history of school violence or suspensions , wrote a letter apologizing to his coach .
He says the posts were n't meant to be taken literally and he never intended to hurt anyone .
The family appealed the expulsion to a board made up of principals from other schools ; it was upheld last week .
The boy 's parents plan to home - school him for the rest of the semester .
He plans to go to college and law school .
" I have a lot of regrets about the situation , especially the outcome , " he says , " but I am not willing to let it define me or what I can accomplish . "
Sarrio reports for The Tennessean in Nashville .
Bazar reported from McLean , Va. Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I have never cared much for the Black Bloc , but the amount of hypocrisy about the " violence " of breaking a couple of bank windows this Saturday in the demonstration against the Olympics corporate welfare fest has almost made me sympathetic .
Tactical differences and criticism are legitimate .
There are ethical and utilitarian aspects to any tactical choice and the BB 's can be questioned about these .
However , the bulk of hostility wafting their way has little to do with arguments about tactics .
Many of the red-faced and bellowing crowd ( 1 ) simply hate " protesters " period and use the BB as an excuse to spout venom at any public critic of the system .
Those who rant about violence would be comical in the extremity of their hypocrisy if it was n't just plain sad that people could be so blind and so deluded .
A newspaper box was thrown through a bank window – you would think it the atrocity of the decade .
Thirty million children die each year from malnutrition and bad water .
If a few broken windows makes these folks apoplectic , how do they deal with this violence ?
How about the trillion dollars a year squandered on military foolishness while those same kids drop dead ?
Should n't that peeve these clowns enough to heat up the comments sections of the on - line forums ?
So far I have seen accusations of cowardice against the BB 's and at the same time calls for vigilante action against them ( and also generic " protesters . " ) 20 unarmed , unprotected people take on hundreds of armed , body armoured riot cops .
They may be nuts but cowards they ain't !
The accusation of cowardice is actually psychological projection on the part of the right - wingers .
What is a right - winger but someone filled with a host of irrational fears – of protesters , trade unions , feminists , environmentalists , peace activists , socialists , communists etc. , all raised into towering bogey - men causing the poor little right - winger to practically piss himself in terror ?
A fair fight to a right - winger is a thousand to one – the lynch mob so let 's drop all talk of cowardice .
I have actually heard it all before .
Back in the 1960's we student radicals were attacked in similar terms .
" Public opinion " turned apoplectic when the Yippies arrived on the scene and went off the Hate Mongers Richter Scale when a bunch of street kids destroyed a train load of brand new automobiles during the Blaine Invasion .
( And you morons get your shorts in a knot over a couple of windows ? )
The BB made me think of other violence that I witnessed during that time .
I was in Berkeley in May of 1970 when Nixon invaded Cambodia .
The students held a night demo and molotov cocktails were hurled at the ROTC building setting it on fire .
Around the same time students in Santa Barbara burned the local Bank of America to the ground .
Now let 's move away from the right - wing moonbat element and turn to one aspect of the tactical criticism of the BB .
The notion that their actions will " turn people against the movement . "
No one other than right - wing fanatics reduces the movements of the 1960 - 70s to the most extreme or violent aspect of those movements .
People are actually a lot smarter than that .
Debate on the BB will have to move to other areas other than this , but that would have to be another time ...
1. I got this image from living in Quebec .
This is how most Quebecois see Anglo Canadians .
Labels : anarchism
Jeff Brunner put together this analysis of the evolution of the Disney princess .
What do you think ?
Progress ?
Sent in by Fiona A .
UPDATE : Commenter Jackie sent in this version for the Disney princes :
NEW ( Mar. ’ 10 ) !
Kristyn G. sent in this entertaining Disney Princess spoof on Cosmo ( by Dan O’Brien and Matt Barrs ) :
For most posts on Disney princesses , look here , here , here , here , and here .
Two other great posts include this rejection letter ( “ we do n’t hire women ” ) and this post on the original inclusion of black slaves in Fantasia .
— — — — — —— ——
Lisa Wade is a professor of sociology at Occidental College .
You can follow her on Twitter and Facebook .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Australia has summoned the Israeli ambassador to explain why three new suspects over the Dubai killing of a Hamas leader used Australian passports .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said Canberra would " not be silent on the matter " .
Dubai police think Israeli agents were involved in Mahmoud al - Mabhouh 's death but Israel says there is no proof .
The police say they have identified 15 more suspects - using British , French , Irish and Australian documents - taking the total to 26 .
' No minor matter '
Mr Rudd said Canberra would retaliate against any country found to be involved in forging its passports .
He said that Australia would first try to establish the facts , but that this was not " a minor matter " .
" It is not something you just push to one side .
It is of the deepest concern , " he added .
According to a preliminary investigation by the Australian federal police , the three - two men and one woman - have been victims of identity fraud .
One passport is alleged to have belonged to Adam Marcus Korman , a 34 - year - old Australian living in Tel Aviv , where he sells musical instruments .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I am shocked , it 's identity theft - simply unbelievable , " he told Israel 's Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper , adding that although he had travelled all over the world , he had never visited Dubai or any of the other emirates in the UAE .
On Tuesday , Israeli opposition leader Tzipi Livni applauded the killing , which Dubai believes was organised by Israel 's intelligence service , Mossad .
Israel has been widely blamed for the murder , but has refused to confirm or deny any involvement .
One of the founders of Hamas 's military wing , the Izz al - Din Qassam Brigades , Mr Mabhouh was found dead in a hotel room in the Gulf emirate on 20 January .
A post -mortem examination report said he had been electrocuted and then suffocated .
Travel chart
Earlier this month Dubai authorities released the names and passport photographs of 11 " agents with European passports " - six from the UK , three Irish , one French and one German .
TRAVEL MOVEMENTS OF SUSPECTS
Police chart showing 26 suspects ' routes into and out of Dubai in 2010 ( 500 kb )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you might need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
Pictures of all 26 suspects
All four countries have since said the documents were fraudulent .
On Wednesday , the police released a new list of suspects who allegedly offered " logistical support " in the months before the January killing .
The police also produced a chart tracing the travel routes of both the new and old suspects before and after Mr Mabhouh 's death .
" The suspects gathered in Dubai and dispersed to various locations before pairing up again in different teams and heading off to other destinations , " they said .
The police said two of the Australian passport holders had allegedly travelled by boat to Iran during a reconnaissance mission last August .
Investigators have also discovered that 14 of the suspects had used credit cards issued by MetaBank - a small bank based in the US state of Iowa - to book hotel rooms and pay for air travel .
A MetaBank spokeswoman told the Associated Press news agency that the bank was trying to confirm the reports .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Parthenogenesis , the production of offspring without fertilization by a male , is rare in vertebrate species , which usually reproduce after fusion of male and female gametes .
Here we use genetic fingerprinting to identify parthenogenetic offspring produced by two female Komodo dragons ( Varanus komodoensis ) that had been kept at separate institutions and isolated from males ; one of these females subsequently produced additional offspring sexually .
This reproductive plasticity indicates that female Komodo dragons may switch between asexual and sexual reproduction , depending on the availability of a mate — a finding that has implications for the breeding of this threatened species in captivity .
Most zoos keep only females , with males being moved between zoos for mating , but perhaps they should be kept together to avoid triggering parthenogenesis and thereby decreasing genetic diversity .
In a previous post , I discussed the notion of Schrödinger CRCs , first described by Kevin Driscoll et al. in their paper Byzantine Fault Tolerance , from Theory to Reality .
The basic idea is that error - detecting codes do not necessarily prevent two receivers from obtaining messages that are semantically different ( i.e. , different data ) but syntactically valid ( i.e. , the CRC matches the respective data words received ) .
The upshot is that even with CRCs , you can suffer Byzantine faults , with some probability .
… So what is that probability of a Schrödinger ’s CRC ?
That ’s the topic of this post — which cleans up a few of the ideas I presented earlier .
I published a short paper on the topic , which I presented at Dependable Sensors and Networks , 2010 , while Kevin Driscoll was in the audience !
If you ’d prefer to read the PDF or get the slides , they ’re here .
The simulation code ( Haskell ) is here .
Share this :
Share
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Byzantine fault , CRC , Fault Tolerance , Haskell
In August of 1982 , aged 22 , Marvel Comics fan Randy Schueller received the following letter from then editor - in - chief of Marvel Comics itself : James Shooter .
The letter , which boasts a stunning letterhead and simply begins ‘ I want to buy it ’ , was sent in response to an idea Randy had submitted to Shooter ’s offices ; an idea which resulted in Spider - Man donning a black costume for the first time in issue 8 of Secret Wars .
Over the years this evolved to become Venom , the symbiote which starred in 2007 ’s Spider - Man 3 .
Randy was happily paid $ 220.00 for his input .
Randy ’s recollection of the affair can be read at Comic Book Resources .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
MARVEL COMICS GROUP
A DIVISION OF CADENCE INDUSTRIES CORPORATION JAMES SHOOTER
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
August 3 , 1982 Randy Schueller
4319 North Neva # 2 -B
Norridge , Ill 60634 Dear Randy , I want to buy it .
We we ’ll pay you $ 220.00 .
Enclosed find a Work - made - for - hire Agreement and a voucher .
Sign it where marked , write your Social Security number on it somewhere , and return it .
I ’ll fill in the rest .
We ”ll want changes made in this plot which I ’ll fill you in on after you return the Work - made - for - hire form and the voucher .
If all goes well , we ’ll give you a shot at scripting this .
Best , ( Signed ) JIM SHOOTER
Editor - in - Chief JS:lcs
Google 's Buzz is all in your Gmail now , and after a few days of the world collectively playing with it and publishing more than 9 million items , its strengths , weaknesses and bugs are becoming more apparent .
We 're of mixed minds here at Wired.com and wanted to see what you , the readers , think .
Submit your comments , bug reports , feature requests and revelations in the Reddit widget and vote up the entries you find useful or insightful .
Who knows ?
The Borg might even pay attention .
Submit a thought about Buzz
While you can submit as many entries as you want , you can only submit one every 30 minutes .
No HTML allowed .
Back to top
a new Meme is born ...
Submit a Photoshopped Snookie to this site :
http://snookieshop.tumblr.com/submit
Membership has it 's privileges . .
Wanna be a member ?
Wanna be able to submit your posts directly to this site ?
I ’ll make you a member to post / reblog stuff … without need for approval from me !
Send me your email address here :
http://snookieshop.tumblr.com/ask/
In April 2008 , The Orange County Register published a bombshell of an investigation about a license plate program for California government workers and their families .
Drivers of nearly 1 million cars and light trucks — out of a total 22 million vehicles registered statewide — were protected by a " shield " in the state records system between their license plate numbers and their home addresses .
There were , the newspaper found , great practical benefits to this secrecy .
" Vehicles with protected license plates can run through dozens of intersections controlled by red light cameras with impunity , " the Register 's Jennifer Muir reported .
" Parking citations issued to vehicles with protected plates are often dismissed because the process necessary to pierce the shield is too cumbersome .
Some patrol officers let drivers with protected plates off with a warning because the plates signal that drivers are ' one of their own ' or related to someone who is . "
The plate program started in 1978 with the seemingly unobjectionable purpose of protecting the personal addresses of officials who deal directly with criminals .
Police argued that the bad guys could call the Department of Motor Vehicles ( DMV ) , get addresses for officers , and use the information to harm them or their family members .
There was no rash of such incidents , only the possibility that they could take place .
So police and their families were granted confidentiality .
Then the program expanded from one set of government workers to another .
Eventually parole officers , retired parking enforcers , DMV desk clerks , county supervisors , social workers , and other categories of employees from 1,800 state agencies were given the special protections too .
Meanwhile , the original intent of the shield had become obsolete :
The DMV long ago abandoned the practice of giving out personal information about any driver .
What was left was not a protection but a perk .
Yes , rank has its privileges , and it 's clear that government workers have a rank above the rest of us .
Ordinarily , if one out of every 22 California drivers had a license to drive any way he chose , there would be demands for more police power to protect Californians from the potential carnage .
But until the newspaper series , law enforcement officials and legislators had remained mum .
The reason , of course , is that the scofflaws are law enforcement officials and legislators .
Here is how brazen they 've become :
A few days after the newspaper investigation caused a buzz in Sacramento , lawmakers voted to expand the driver record protections to even more government employees .
An Assembly committee , on a bipartisan 13 - to - 0 vote , agreed to extend the program to veterinarians , firefighters , and code officers .
" I do n't want to say no to the firefighters and veterinarians that are doing these things that need to be protected , " Assemblyman Mike Duvall ( R - Yorba Linda ) explained .
Exempting themselves from traffic laws in the name of a threat that no longer exists is bad enough , but what government workers do to the rest of us on a daily basis makes ticket dodging look like child 's play .
Often under veils of illegal secrecy , public - sector unions and their political allies are systematically looting the public treasury with gold - plated pensions , jeopardizing the finances of state and local governments around the country , removing themselves from legal accountability , and doing it all in the name of humble working men and women just looking for their fair share .
Government employees have turned themselves into a coddled class that lives better than its private - sector counterpart , and with more impunity .
The public 's servants have become our masters .
Good Enough for Government Work
There was a time when government work offered lower salaries than comparable jobs in the private sector but more security and somewhat better benefits .
These days , government workers fare better than private - sector workers in almost every area — pay , benefits , time off , and job security .
And not just in California .
According to a 2007 analysis of data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics by the Asbury Park Press , " the average federal worker made $ 59,864 in 2005 , compared with the average salary of $ 40,505 in the private sector . "
Across comparable jobs , the federal government paid higher salaries than the private sector three times out of four , the paper found .
As Heritage Foundation legal analyst James Sherk explained to the Press , " The government does n't have to worry about going bankrupt , and there is n't much competition . "
In February 2008 , before the recession made the disparity much worse , The New York Times reported that " George W. Bush is in line to be the first president since World War II to preside over an economy in which federal government employment rose more rapidly than employment in the private sector . "
The Obama administration has extended the hiring binge , with executive branch employment ( excluding the Postal Service and the Defense Department ) slated to grow by 2 percent in 2010 — and more than 15 percent if you count temporary Census workers .
The average federal salary ( including benefits ) is set to grow from $ 72,800 in 2008 to $ 75,419 in 2010 , CBS reported .
But the real action is n't in what government employees are being paid today ; it 's in what they 're being promised for tomorrow .
Public pensions have swollen to unrecognizable proportions during the last decade .
In June 2005 , BusinessWeek reported that " more than 14 million public servants and 6 million retirees are owed $ 2.37 trillion by more than 2,000 different states , cities and agencies , " numbers that have risen since then .
State and local pension payouts , the magazine found , had increased 50 percent in just five years .
These huge pension increases have eaten away at public finances , most spectacularly in California , where a bipartisan bill that passed virtually without debate unleashed the odious " 3 percent at 50 " retirement plan in 1999 .
Under this plan , at age 50 many categories of public employees are eligible for 3 percent of their final year 's pay multiplied by the number of years they 've worked .
So if a police officer starts working at age 20 , he can retire at 50 with 90 percent of his final salary until he dies , and then his spouse receives that money for the rest of her life .
Even during the economic crisis , " 3 percent at 50 " and the forces behind it have only become more entrenched .
In the midst of California 's 2008 –09 fiscal meltdown , with the impact of deluxe public pensions making daily headlines , the city of Fullerton nevertheless sought to retroactively increase the defined - benefit retirement plan for its city employees by a jaw - dropping 25 percent .
What 's more , the Fullerton City Council negotiated the increase in closed session , outside public view .
Under California 's open meetings law , known as the Brown Act , even legitimate closed - session items such as contract negotiations are supposed to be advertised so that the public has a clear idea of what 's being discussed .
But the Fullerton agenda for that night only vaguely referred to labor negotiations .
Four of the five council members — two Republicans and two Democrats — seemed to support the deal .
But Republican Shawn Nelson , a principled advocate for limited government , did n't appreciate the way the council was obscuring not only the legitimately secret details of the negotiations but the basic subject matter .
He called me at the Register ( where I worked at the time ) and , without revealing details of the closed session , shared his concerns about the way the public had not been alerted .
After I wrote about the secret , fiscally reckless deal , the recriminations came down in a hurry : on Shawn Nelson .
Not surprisingly , the liberal council members were furious that the public had been informed about what was going on .
But some conservative Republicans , including a prominent state senator , Dick Ackerman of Irvine , were angry as well , because Nelson 's willingness to talk embarrassed a Republican councilman whom the GOP was backing for re-election .
When I later bumped into Ackerman at the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , he laid into me about Nelson 's supposed violation of the Brown Act .
Some officials and bloggers actually called for Nelson to be prosecuted .
Local union mouthpieces and fellow council members portrayed the whistleblower as a common criminal , even though he was merely acting in the spirit of the open meetings law and showing the kind of fiscal responsibility you would hope to see in public officials .
In its embarrassment , the city council voted against the deal at the last minute , but only after council members publicly chastised Nelson , accused me of libel , and vowed to come back for more when the timing was right .
One Republican councilman could n't figure out what the fuss was all about , given that the council enhances public employee pay and pensions all the time .
Pension Tsunami
Although Americans may have a vague sense that the nation has run up a great deal of debt , the public employee benefit problem is not well known .
Yet the wave of benefit promises is poised to wash away state and local government budgets and large portions of the incomes of most Americans .
Most of these benefits are vested , meaning that they have the standing of a legal contract .
They can not be reduced .
And the government employees ' allies , such as California 's legislative Democrats , are cleverly blocking some of the more obvious exit strategies .
For instance , when the city of Vallejo went bankrupt after coughing up 75 percent of its budget to police and firefighters , the state Assembly introduced legislation that would allow cities to go bankrupt only if they get approval from a commission .
Such a commission would of course be dominated by union - friendly members .
The result : Cities would be stuck making good on contracts they cannot afford to fulfill .
When the economy was booming , these structural problems could be hidden .
But not now .
As debt loads become unsustainable , you can expect cuts in services , tax increases , pension - obligation bonds , or some combination of the three .
In California unfunded pension and health care liabilities for state workers top $ 100 billion , and the annual pension contribution has shot up from $ 320 million to $ 7.3 billion in less than a decade .
In New York state , local governments may have to triple their annual pension contributions during the next six years , from $ 2.6 billion to $ 8 billion , according to the state comptroller .
That money will come from taxpayers .
The average private - sector worker , who enjoys a lower salary and far lower retirement benefits than New York or California government workers , will have to work longer , retire later , and pay more so that his public - employee neighbors can enjoy the lifestyle to which they have become accustomed .
The taxpayers will also have to deal with worsening public services , since there will be less money to pay for things that might actually benefit the public .
In July 2009 , Orange County , California , Sheriff Sandra Hutchens proposed more than $ 20 million in budget cuts to close the gap caused by falling tax revenue .
Her department slashed 40 percent of its command staff , cut a total of about 30 positions , and made changes that affected about 200 positions through reassignments , demotions , new overtime rules , and other maneuvers .
" These are services that we believe are quite important to maintaining public safety , that we 're just not going to be able to continue , " department spokesman John MacDonald told the Los Angeles Times .
The sheriff failed to identify another reason for the tight budget :
In 2001 the Orange County Board of Supervisors had passed a retroactive pension increase for sheriff 's deputies .
That policy nearly doubled pension costs from 2000 to 2009 , when pension contributions totaled nearly $ 95 million — 20 percent of the sheriff 's budget .
So the sheriff decries an economic downturn that is costing her department about $ 20 million , but she does n't mention that a previous pension increase is costing her department more than double that amount .
It 's safe to say that had the pension increase not passed , the department would have money to keep officers on the streets and to avoid the cuts the sheriff claims are threatening public safety .
Chief 's Disease
One would think that a " 3 percent at 50 " retirement would be a good enough deal for most people .
Most workers in the private sector would probably jump at such an opportunity .
But many public safety officials are n't satisfied with a system that allows them to retire with 90 percent or more of their final year 's pay at young ages .
They feel compelled to game the system in ways that stretch or break the law .
A large percentage of public safety officials — more than two - thirds of management - level officials at the California Highway Patrol , for instance — come down with something widely known as " Chief 's Disease " about a year before their scheduled retirement .
" High - ranking [ CHP ] officers , nearing the end of their careers , routinely pursued disability claims that awarded them workers ' comp settlements , " John Hill and Dorothy Korber of the Sacramento Bee reported in 2004 .
" That , in turn , led in many cases to disability retirements .
As they collected their disability pensions , some of these former CHP chiefs embarked on rigorous second careers — one as assistant sheriff of Yolo County , for example , another as the security director for San Francisco International Airport . "
When Mike Clesceri was mayor of Fullerton ( a part - time position filled by a city council member ) , he also worked as an investigator for the Orange County District Attorney 's Office .
As his retirement approached , Clesceri claimed to have an extreme case of acid reflux , which would help him net a tax - free pension of $ 58,000 a year , plus cost - of - living increases .
Even while retired with that alleged disability , Clesceri pursued a local police chief 's job , retained his mayorship , and ran a tough re-election campaign .
He even had the time to have his brother - in - law , an attorney , send threatening letters to members of the community who commented on the absurdity of his disability pension .
As Clesceri explained in a newspaper column , the disability only applied to his job at the D.A. 's office .
The exposure of this abuse ultimately galvanized the public to boot Clesceri off the Fullerton City Council .
The problem is most of these situations never get aired publicly .
Other state employees go to great lengths to find the highest - paying job they can in their final year , thereby locking in their permanent retirement benefit based on a salary they made only once .
Bee reporters Hill and Korber told the story of Sharon McGraw , a Sacramento - area accounting manager for the state who moved from her suburban home to a tiny apartment in the San Francisco Bay area so she could temporarily take a high - paying job that would increase her pension benefit by $ 18,000 a year .
Then there 's the bizarre story of Armando Ruiz , a part - time trustee for the Coast Community College District in Southern California .
Ruiz also worked full time as an administrator with the South Orange County Community College District .
Ruiz wanted to run for re-election as a trustee and use the " incumbent " label on his ballot , but he also wanted to take advantage of a strange California law that dramatically increases an employee 's pension payout if he retires from two jobs on the same day .
" Ruiz ' retired , ' effective Oct. 31 , as a part - time trustee of the Coast district and as a full - time counselor at Irvine Valley College , " Register columnist Frank Mickadeit reported in 2008 .
" Even though the trustee gig pays just a $ 9,800 annual stipend , he was able to calculate his state pension as if he had been paid $ 106 K a year for that ' job ' plus the $ 106 K a year he got for his real job at Irvine .
So , based on a $ 212 K salary he never really made , his pension will work out to about $ 108 K a year for life .
Otherwise , the pension would have been $ 59 K — $ 54 K for the real job ; $ 5 K for the trustee job .
Even though Ruiz was officially retired from the Coast district board , he was still listed on Tuesday 's ballot as an incumbent .
A cynical person might say that by waiting to ' retire , ' just days before the election Ruiz knew it would be too late to change the ballots .
And incumbents rarely lose such elections . "
The only good news from that scam : After Ruiz 's maneuver was exposed , the state legislature repealed the incomprehensible pension - spiking rule .
But the pending pension crisis , with its thousands of abuses undetected by outside scrutiny , continues to loom over our heads .
The Public Sector Menace
In the summer of 2009 , various Democratic candidates for California attorney general came before the Police Officers Research Association of California , a union lobbying organization , to ask for its support .
According to one attendee ( who asked to remain anonymous , given the obvious repercussions for his career ) , the organization had two basic questions for Assemblymen Ted Lieu ( D - Torrance ) , Alberto Torrico ( D - Newark ) , and Pedro Nava ( D–Santa Barbara ) , each a candidate in the 2010 attorney general race .
The first :
Did they support the death penalty for cop killers ?
The second : Would each candidate , as attorney general , make sure the official summary of a state pension reform proposal would be slanted to destroy its chances of passing ?
In California crafting ballot language is one of the most important jobs of the state 's attorney general .
The police union officials reminded the candidates that 90 percent of voters read nothing more than the ballot title and summary , and they emphasized the importance of putting the kibosh to the measure .
My source was appalled , not just by the directness of the question but by the eagerness with which the candidates , especially Torrico , answered it .
They all promised they would help kill the measure .
Public - sector unions have a growing influence in state and federal governments , and in the overall labor movement , but they are a relatively recent phenomenon .
Civil service unionization in the federal government was n't allowed until President John F. Kennedy issued an executive order legalizing it in 1962 .
In California it did n't become legal until 1968 .
Yet now California may be spearheading the re-unionization of the country .
In a 2003 study of union membership rates , the sociologists Ruth Milkman and Daisy Rooks explained that " California stands out as an exception to the general pattern of the past decade .
Against all odds , union density has inched upward in the nation 's most populous state , from 16.1 percent of all wage and salary workers in 1998 to 17.8 percent in 2002 . "
The study was produced by the University of California Institute for Labor and Employment , itself a testament to union power in the Golden State .
Critics call the institute Union University , arguing that the state is funding a left - wing advocacy and research organization that advances union causes .
As the Los Angeles Times explained in a 2004 article about the controversy , " For years these programs received the majority of their funding from the budgets of the universities where they are housed .
Then in the 2000 –01 budget , former Gov. Gray Davis approved $ 6 million to create the institute encompassing the two centers and charged with carrying out ' research , education and service involving the world of work , and the public and private policies that govern it . '? "
In the 2003 study , Milkman and Rooks found that union growth in California 's public sector has far outpaced such growth in other states , for an obvious reason : " Organized labor has more political influence in California than in most other states . "
In more - recent studies , the Institute for Labor and Employment found that for the first time in five decades , U.S. unionization rates actually increased in 2008 .
The reason : increases in California , mainly in the government sector .
At all levels , state and local government employment grew by 13 percent across the United States from 1994 to 2004 .
The number of judicial and legal employees increased by 28 percent .
The number of public safety workers increased by 21 percent .
The number of teachers increased by 22 percent .
Michael Hodges ' invaluable Grandfather Economic Report uses the Bureau of Labor Statistics to chart the growth in state and local government employees since 1946 .
Their number has increased from 3.3 million then to 19.8 million today — a 492 percent increase as the country 's population increased by 115 percent .
Since 1999 the number of state and local government employees has increased by 13 percent , compared to a 9 percent increase in the population .
The United States had 2.3 state and local government employees per 100 citizens in 1946 and has 6.5 state and local government employees per 100 citizens now .
In 1947 , Hodges writes , 78 percent of the national income went to the private sector , 16 percent to the federal sector , and 6 percent to the state and local government sector .
Now 54 percent of the economy is private , 28 percent goes to the feds , and 18 percent goes to state and local governments .
The trend lines are ominous .
Bigger government means more government employees .
Those employees then become a permanent lobby for continual government growth .
The nation may have reached critical mass ; the number of government employees at every level may have gotten so high that it is politically impossible to roll back the bureaucracy , rein in the costs , and restore lost freedoms .
People who are supposed to serve the public have become a privileged elite that exploits political power for financial gain and special perks .
Because of its political power , this interest group has rigged the game so there are few meaningful checks on its demands .
Government employees now receive far higher pay , benefits , and pensions than the vast majority of Americans working in the private sector .
Even when they are incompetent or abusive , they can be fired only after a long process and only for the most grievous offenses .
It 's a two - tier system in which the rulers are making steady gains at the expense of the ruled .
The predictable results :
Higher taxes , eroded public services , unsustainable levels of debt , and massive roadblocks to reforming even the poorest performing agencies and school systems .
If this system is left to grow unchecked , we will end up with a pale imitation of the free society envisioned by the Founders .
Steven Greenhut ( stevengreenhut@gmail.com ) , the director of the Pacific Research Institute 's Journalism Center , was a columnist for The Orange County Register for 11 years .
A sunspot five times the size of Earth could wreak havoc with satellites and radio communication systems , scientists warn , as it moves across the face of the sun and Earth moves directly into its firing line .
Seven huge X - class flares have already erupted from the spot , including one of magnitude X17 last Wednesday that made it into the record books as the fourth largest ever seen .
The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) said that the flares have already caused problems with some electric power systems , radio communications and global positioning equipment .
It went on to warn that further flares are likely in the next week , and because the sunspot is moving into line with Earth , the risk of disruptions is even greater as the solar activity will strike the planet head - on .
The daddy of all solar flares was spotted in November 2003 , and ranked X28 on the magnitude scale .
Fortunately , the flare did not directly strike Earth .
Even so , it did disrupt satellites , and caused some problems for the Mars Express spacecraft , which at that time was still en route to Mars .
The radiation from a flare will reach the Earth within minutes , but the charged particles associated with the event take longer to arrive , typically two days .
These particles are responsible for the Auroras Borealis and Australis ; the Northern and Southern lights .
These plasma storms are also responsible for interfering with power grids , TV reception , satellites and so on .
In 1989 a solar flare that hit the Earth directly actually knocked out a whole power grid in Quebec . ®
