According to a Knoxville City Police report , the arrests stemmed from an attempted robbery outside a convenience store near campus .
A powered pellet gun was recovered in the players ' car after they were stopped by police near the Gibbs Hall dormitory on campus , where the Vols ' freshman football players live .
At least one of the players arrested was wearing some type of Tennessee gear during the attempted robbery , according to police .
A fourth suspect , a woman alleged to have been driving a car with the three players as passengers , was also arrested .
" At this time we are currently evaluating the circumstances surrounding an incident involving Mike Edwards , Janzen Jackson and Nu'Keese Richardson , " Tennessee athletic director Mike Hamilton said in a prepared statement .
" Any decisions or comments regarding their status will not be made until the evaluations are complete . "
Don Bosch , an attorney representing Jackson , said his client has been released from jail and maintains his innocence .
" As of this afternoon his bond has been reduced from $ 15,000 to being released on his recognizance , " Bosch told WBIR - TV in Knoxville .
" Mr. Jackson vehemently asserts his innocence .
And we hope that this will become apparent in the next 24 to 48 hours . "
Richardson was being held Thursday afternoon on a $ 19,500 bond .
Edwards was released on a $ 19,500 bond .
Kiffin discussed the players ' arrest after Thursday afternoon 's practice .
" We 've got to get the information in , so we 're not going to make any judgments until we have all that information , " Kiffin said .
" Then we 'll go from there once we get it . "
Kiffin declined to comment specifically about the players ' status for Saturday 's game at Ole Miss .
As recently as Wednesday , during the SEC coaches teleconference , Kiffin had praised his team for not having any off - the - field problems during his tenure and had repeated several times this year that the Vols had been free of any such incidents .
Jackson had started in all but two games this season for the Vols and had emerged as one of the better freshman players in the SEC .
He was suspended for last week 's Memphis game for what Kiffin said was a violation of team rules .
According to two sources , that suspension came on the heels of a failed drug test .
There was some speculation a week ago that Richardson might be considering a transfer when he was n't at a practice , but Kiffin said there were no issues and that everything was fine .
Richardson scored a touchdown in the Vols ' 56 - 28 win over Memphis last week .
Richardson , of Pahokee , Fla. , was at the center of Kiffin 's dustup with Florida coach Urban Meyer last February .
Richardson had been committed to Florida for some time , but switched to Tennessee on signing day .
The next day , at a Tennessee recruiting breakfast , Kiffin made his comments alleging Meyer cheated to get Richardson and still was n't able to sign him .
Kiffin was reprimanded by the SEC for those comments .
According to the police report , the victims of the robbery were in their car outside a Pilot convenience store , parked next to a Toyota Prius , when a black male approached wearing a hooded sweatshirt , brandishing what appeared to be a handgun , opened the driver 's side door and said " Give me everything you have . "
A second black male also wearing a hooded sweatshirt then came around to the passenger side of the victims ' car , opened it and said , " Give us everything you 've got . "
But when the victims opened their wallets and showed they had no money , a third black male approached the other two and said " we 've got to go , " and all three got into the Prius and drove away , according to the police report .
Police said when they pulled over the Prius , they found a black air - powered pellet gun and a pair of hooded sweatshirts .
Police also said they found a marijuana grinder , which the driver , Marie Montmarquet , said belonged to her , and a baggie containing what appeared to be marijuana in Montmarquet 's jacket .
According to police , the victims later identified Edwards and Richardson as the men who had approached them .
Chris Low covers SEC football for ESPN.com .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
More information and video is available from VolunteerTV.com
The threats to computing science
Let me describe to you by way of introduction the observation that induced me to choose " The threats to computing science " as my topic for this keynote address .
The observation is simply that , when browsing through a computing science journal or conference proceedings , one usually sees at a first glance the geographical origin of the work described .
Now , in any area we have always had national differences , but their obviousness in computing becomes surprising as soon as we remember all the homogenizing forces at work during the first few decades in which the topic emerged , and allow me to mention a few of them , just to underline the strength of this argument .
Firstly , right from the start , English has been the Lingua Franca of computing : as early as 1956 , when as a young Dutchman I gave my first lecture abroad , I did so — though at a German computing conference — in English .
And as soon as , at either side of the Atlantic Ocean , the ACM and the BCS started their journals , these journals became the leading ones in the field .
Secondly , at an early stage , the computing scientists of the world became a travelling lot : the year of the UNESCO Conference in Paris , 1959 , is about the time when the jet airliner became more common .
Thirdly — and this process had already started in the 50's — the computing community began to use more and more the same few machines and the same few programming languages .
Even behind the Iron Curtain they could think of nothing better than faithfully copying the IBM / 360 and are now busily implementing Ada at the request of the Red Army .
And finally , to deprive you of the last visual clues , people are beginning to use the same laser printers and the same text editing software .
Gone are the days when Niklaus Wirth unmistakably identified himself by his typewriter and you could recognize his writings even when they were held upside down .
In short , in the young discipline of computing science , the homogenizing forces have been stronger than in any other discipline I can think of .
And yet , the geographical origin of most of its publications is patently obvious .
* * *
I can think of only one explanation of this curious phenomenon , and that is the combination of strong local pressure and malleable computing groups that yielded only too easily to those pressures .
Let us deal with the malleability first and with the pressures later .
The malleability is understandable when we realize that at the beginning the computing community was very uncertain as to what its topic was really about and got in this respect very little guidance from the confused and confusing world by which it was surrounded .
The Fathers of the field had been pretty confusing : John von Neumann speculated about computers and the human brain in analogies sufficiently wild to be worthy of a medieval thinker and Alan M. Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether Machines Can Think , a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether Submarines Can Swim .
A futher confusion came from the circumstance that numerical mathematics was at the time about the only scientific discipline more or less ready to use the new equipment .
As a result , in their capacity as number crunchers , computers were primarily viewed as tools for the numerical mathematician , and we needed a man with the vision of Stanley Gill to enunciate that numerical analysis was for the computing scientist like toilet paper for the sanitary engineer : indispensable when he needs it .
But the greatest confusion came from the circumstance that , at the time , electronic engineering was not really up to the challenge of constructing the machinery with an acceptable degree of reliability and that , consequently , the hardware became the focus of concern .
This distortion is faithfully reflected in the names coined in those days : ACM stands for Assocation for Computing Machinery , BCS stands for British Computer Society , and Universities founded in those days Departments of Computer Science .
( The British Universities , a little bit slower to react , were by then a little bit wiser and erected Departments of Computing Science . )
I called this focus on hardware a distortion because we know by now that electronic engineering can contribute no more than the machinery , and that the general purpose computer is no more than a handy device for implementing any thinkable mechanism without changing a single wire .
That being so , the key question is what mechanisms we can think of without getting lost in the complexities of our own making .
Not getting lost in the complexities of our own making and preferably reaching that goal by learning how to avoid the introduction of those complexities in the first place , that is the key challenge computing science has to meet .
Nowadays machines are so fast and stores are so huge that in a very true sense the computations we can evoke defy our imagination .
Machine capacities now give us room galore for making a mess of it .
Opportunities unlimited for fouling things up !
Developing the austere intellectual discipline of keeping things sufficiently simple is in this environment a formidable challenge , both technically and educationally .
As computing scientists we should not be frightened by it ; on the contrary , it is always nice to know what you have to do , in particular when that task is as clear and inspiring as ours .
We know perfectly well what we have to do , but the burning question is , whether the world we are part of will allow us to do it .
The answer is not evident at all .
The odds against computing science might very well turn out to be overwhelming .
Since the Romans have taught us " Simplex Veri Sigillum " — that is : simplicity is the hallmark of truth — we should know better , but complexity continues to have a morbid attraction .
When you give for an academic audience a lecture that is crystal clear from alpha to omega , your audience feels cheated and leaves the lecture hall commenting to each other : " That was rather trivial , was n't it ? "
The sore truth is that complexity sells better .
( It is not only the computer industry that has discovered that . )
And it is even more diabolical in that we even use the complexity of our own constructs to impress ourselves .
I have often been impressed by the cleverness of my own first solutions ; invariably the joy of the subsequent discovery how to streamline the argument was tempered by a feeling of regret that my cleverness was unnecessary after all .
It is a genuine sacrifice to part from one 's ingenuities , no matter how contorted , Also , many a programmer derives a major part of his professional excitement from not quite understanding what he is doing , from the daring risks he takes and from the struggle to find the bugs he should not have introduced in the first place .
These were internal complications .
For a better understanding of the external pressures we had better view our topic for a moment in the wider context of science and society in general .
Because computers appeared in a decade when faith in the progress and wholesomeness of science and technology was virtually unlimited , it might be wise to recall that , in view of its original objectives , mankind 's scientific endeavours over , say , the last five centuries have been a spectacular failure .
As you all remember , the first and foremost objective was the development of the Elixir that would give the one that drank it Eternal Youth .
But since there is not much point in eternal poverty , the world of science quickly embarked on its second project , viz .
the Philosopher 's Stone that would enable you to make as much Gold as you needed .
Needless to say , the planning of these two grandiose research projects went far beyond the predictive powers of the seers of that day and , for sound reasons of management , the accurate prediction of the future became the third hot scientific issue .
Well , we all know what happened as the centuries went by : medicine , chemistry , and astronomy quietly divorced themselves from quackery , alchemy and astrology .
New goals were set and the original objectives were kindly forgotten .
Were they ?
No , not really .
Evidently , the academic community continues to suffer from a lingering sense of guilt that the original objectives have not been met , for as soon as a new promising branch of science and technology sprouts , all the unfulfilled hopes and expectations are transferred to it .
Such is the well - established tradition and , as we are all well aware , now computing science finds itself saddled with the thankless task of curing all the ills of the world and more , and the net result is that we have to operate in an unjustified euphoria of tacit assumptions , the doubting of which is viewed as sacrilege precisely because the justification of the euphoria is so shaky .
Let me cast a few doubts , be it at our own peril .
The fundamental dogma of the euphoria is , of course , that whatever we can do , machines can do it better and cheaper , and , as a corollary , that the use of machines leads to a better product and saves time and money .
The dogma continues to be accepted notwithstanding the fact that we observe almost daily that in many respects the product has deteriorated .
In June , during my last preparatory visit to the USA , I tried to order a telephone to be installed upon my arrival in September .
The lady reacted as if I had made her an indecent proposal : did n't I know that after 30 days I " would be dropped out of the computer " ?
This was not incidental , this was characteristic : just think how often the bank has denied you a reasonable service on the ground that " the computer wo n't let them do it " .
These are big installations , but the small ones are n't any better .
As a referee I have to judge many manuscripts and the ones prepared on word - processors are invariably the worst , qua printing quality , or qua layout , or qua style , notation , and contents .
The proposed style of composing — write first , improve later — rarely leads to a text from which all ill - considered turns have been weeded out .
Finally , the suggestion that the proposed style of composing iteratively would save time is an obvious and blatant lie .
And yet the equipment is sold by the millions ...
Does this overestimation of the usefulness of the gadget hurt computing science ?
I fear it does .
At the one end of the spectrum it discourages the computing scientist from conducting all sorts of notational experiments because " his word - processor wo n't allow them " , at the other end of the spectrum the art - and - science of program design has been overshadowed by the problems of mechanizing program verification .
The design of new formalisms , more effective because better geared to our manipulative needs , is neglected because the clumsiness of the current ones is the major motivation for the mechanization of their use .
It is not only the performing artist who is , in a very real sense , shaped by the instrument he plays ; this holds as well for the Reasoning Man , and I leave it to you to determine how disturbed you are going to be by this observation .
Back to the history of our subject .
During the early days the concern to get the hardware more or less in working condition overshadowed all others and we naively thought that , once the hardware was reliable , our problems would be over , little realizing that our problems in using the equipment would really start only then .
The confrontation with the difficulty of programming almost caused a severe dent in the faith in how wonderful computers were going to be .
The solution to this moral dilemma was as simple as effective : the intrinsic difficulty of programming was just denied and , if problems had to be admitted , the so - called " primitive nature " of the machines was blamed and it was promised that with " the next generation " the problems would no longer occur .
Now here is a very real threat to computing science .
The intrinsic difficulty of the programming task has never been refuted , it has only been denied because admitting it was socially unacceptable .
Not surprisingly , research in programming methodology has not flourished in societies unable to admit that the programming problem was serious .
I vividly remember from the late 60's the tendency to blame the programming languages in use and to believe in all naivety that , once the proper way of communicating with the machines had been found , all programming ills would have been cured .
To give you only one example , the ACM Conference on the Principles of Operating System Design in Gatlinburg , Tennessee , 1967 , needed only one day to come to the rash conclusion that we did not know how to design operating systems because we did not have a language to design them in !
If only we had the right programming language !
The fact that operating system design posed some at the time tough conceptual and logical problems was hardly allowed to surface .
Consequently , those problems did not get the attention they deserved , and this had far - reaching consequences : I recently read a series of articles on the Shuttle on - board software and , though President Reagan has generously offered a teacher a free ride , I tell you I am not available .
The quest for the ideal programming language and the ideal man-machine interface that would make the software crisis melt like snow in the sun had — and still has ! — all the characteristics of the search for the Elixir and the Stone .
This search receives strong support from two sides , firstly from the fact that the working of miracles is the very least that you can expect from computers , and secondly from the financial and political backing from a society that had always asked for the Elixir and the Stone in the first place .
Two major streams can be distinguished , the quest for the Stone and the quest for the Elixir .
The quest for the Stone is based on the assumption that our " programming tools " are too weak .
One example is the belief that current programming languages lack the " features " we need .
PL / I was one of the more spectacular would - be stones produced .
I still remember the advertisement in Datamation , 1968 , in which a smiling Susie Mayer announces in full colour that she has solved all her programming problems by switching to PL / I .
It was only too foreseeable that , a few years later , poor Susie Mayer would smile no longer .
Needless to say , the quest went on and in due time a next would - be stone was produced in the form of Ada ( behind the Iron Curtain perceptively referred to as PL / II ) .
Even the most elementary astrology for beginners suffices to predict that Ada will not be the last stone of this type .
Ada will not meet its major objective , viz .
that of reducing software costs by standardization , and it will not be the vehicle for programs we can rely upon , for it is so complicated that it defies the unambiguous definition that is essential for these purposes .
Long before the design was frozen , computing scientists from all over the world have given plenty of warning but the political body in question preferred to ignore these warnings and to decide on a design that can not be salvaged .
From a scientific point of view all further attention paid to Ada is a waste of effort .
But the sheer buying - power of the DoD makes Ada an undeniable reality , which in combination with DARPA 's policies for the funding of software research can only increase the pressure to spend research effort on the wrong problems .
Another series of stones in the form of " programming tools " is produced under the banner of " software engineering " , which , as time went by , has sought to replace intellectual discipline by management discipline to the extent that it has now accepted as its charter " How to program if you cannot . "
In parallel we have the search for the Elixir .
Here the programming problem is simply solved by doing away with the programmer .
Would n't it be nice , for instance , to have programs in almost plain English , so that ordinary people could write and read them ?
People tend to forget that " doing away with the programmer " was COBOL 's major original objective .
Fifteen years later , 80 % of the world 's programming force was absorbed by the use of COBOL , a figure which gives us some idea of how effective that elixir has been .
Elixirs are typically implemented — to quote Grace Hopper 's own words — by " education of the computer " .
Since then we have had elixirs in a countless variety of tastes and colours .
I have fond memories of a project of the early 70's that postulated that we did not need programs at all !
All we needed was " intelligence amplification " .
If they have been able to design something that could " amplify " at all , they have probably discovered it would amplify stupidity as well ; in any case I have not heard from it since .
The major attraction of the modern elixirs is that they relieve their consumers from the obligation of being precise by presenting an interface too fuzzy to be precise in : by suppressing the symptoms of impotence they create an illusion of power .
Finally I must mention the now fashionable interdisciplinary research aimed at making Stone - and - Elixir all in one .
I refer of course to the user - friendly programmer 's workstation , the interactive learning tool , the integrated project support environment , and the fully automated high - resolution creative dream manufacturing management system .
* * *
So much for the unrealistic expectations from any novel branch of science or technology .
In the case of automatic computing , the situation is further aggravated by two circumstances .
Firstly , the public at large has very little feeling for the conceptual challenge implied by any non-trivial computer usage and tends to confuse — if I may use an analogy — the composing of a symphony with the writing of its score .
As a result its expectations remain unchecked by an understanding of the limitations .
Secondly , I am sorry to say , both the computer industry and the education business contributed more than their fair share of misleading the public .
I think of the company advertizing " Thought Processors " or the college pretending that learning BASIC suffices or at least helps , whereas the teaching of BASIC should be rated as a criminal offence : it mutilates the mind beyond recovery .
Take , for instance , " user- friendliness " .
Taken literally , this is like the term " motherhood " : nobody can be against it , so it means nothing .
And hence , if the term " user- friendliness " is given a meaning , it must be a terrible euphemism for something else .
The catalogue of the average textbook publisher reveals the secret : the textbook recommendation that is deemed to be most effective is that the book is almost totally unmathematical .
Mathematics , with its potential for and hence its requirement of rigour and precision , is evidently the pinnacle of user - unfriendliness .
Conversely , a paper full of user - friendly topics is primarily respectable in a- or even anti-mathematical circles .
( Personally I think the world could benefit from an International League for the Derision of User - Friendliness . )
There are , however , encouraging symptoms that the period in which each newly coined slogan could overnight be turned into a respectable research topic is drawing to a close , and those symptoms go beyond the button I received last year with the text " Stop BASIC before it stops you . " ; the fact that the Siberian Branch of the USSR Academy has launched a serious effort to prevent BASIC from being introduced at Soviet high schools is a more telling symptom .
From this country the bad news is that at one of its great Universities a specially created Vice President of Educational Computing has decided that all their undergraduates should have enough computing power at their disposal but that this required only equipment and no further education " since our kids already know how to program when they leave high school " .
The good news , however , is that this Vice President made himself the laughing stock of the company — with the possible exception of the company of his co-physicists — .
And also for the American Universities the tide may be turning .
Traditionally they have been asked to train the work - force for the American industry , while the question of educating the industry so as to be worthy of their graduates was left untouched .
But , currently , companies in Silicon Valley seem to be folding up at a higher rate than they are erected .
I consider that good news because it could drive home the message that neither slogans like " knowledge - based decision aids " , nor a combination of adhoccery and brute force will do the job .
( It is regrettable that large groups only come to their senses after their day - dreams have turned into nightmares but , this being so , we should occasionally welcome the nightmares . )
During the last decades the American Departments of Computing Science have severely suffered from a discrepancy between what society asked for and what society needed , but , be it slowly , the gap seems to be closing .
As I said earlier , the programmable computer is no more and no less than a handy device for the implementation of any thinkable mechanism .
As such it poses on us the burden to demonstrate which mechanisms we can think of sufficiently clearly .
It implies the challenge of blending Engineering with the techniques of Scientific Thought ; this challenge is exciting and we are ready for it .
( Delivered at the ACM 1984 South Central Regional Conference , November 16 18 , Austin , Texas . )
prof. dr. Edsger W. Dijkstra
Department of Computer Sciences
The University of Texas at Austin
AUSTIN , Texas 787121188
United States of America
Transcribed by Michael Lugo
Throughout the Seinfeld Saga , Jerry has displayed a fascination with Superman .
From a magnet of Superman on his refrigerator to his numerous casual references to Superman and Superman Lore , the show really was one of the great promotional agents for the Superman saga while it was on the air .
Some of the numerous references to Superman and Superheros are listed below : a magnet of Superman is on Jerry 's refrigerator a Superman statue is setting on a shelf near Jerry 's stereo Jerry has referred to Elaine as Lois Lane Jerry refers to a girlfriend 's apartment as the Fortress of Solitude which is a place Superman stays in according to the comic books .
In the comics the fortress is in a cold desolate area and requires a giant key to open and gain entry .
Jerry wonders aloud if the reason one of his girlfriend 's always wears the same dress is because she has a bunch of them just like Superman has a bunch of identical costumes and capes .
When Jerry dates a woman that will not laugh at his jokes he comments that jokes bounch off of her like she is Superman .
Jerry refers to one of Elaine 's poor boyfriends as " the got no green lantern " a reference to another DC comics character ( other than Superman ) Green Lantern Jerry refers to people he meets that apppear to be opposites of George and Kramer as the bizarros .
The bizaroos were a group of beings invented in a World 's Finest Comic Book starting Superman and Batman .
Bizaroos are opposites , they see bad as good and good as bad .
Bizaroo Batman has a useless utility belt rather than a fully functional one like Batman for example .
Jerry refers to people 's nemesis as Lex Luther a nemesis of Superman .
" Who is your Lex Luther " is a phrase Jerry uses often .
Elaine 's Lex Luthur is Sue Ellen the woman that wears a bra as a top for example .
Jerry picks the phrase Jor-El as his bank pin number , this is the same name that Superman 's father used on Krypton .
When one of Elaine 's boyfriend " the mimbo " in in the hospital as a result of a rock climbing accident which disfigures him , George brings Superman comic books to cheer him up .
Jerry compares the lipreading powers of one of his girlfriend 's to Superman 's X - ray vision .
George considers lipreading just a skill like juggling .
After George orders a supposed cure for baldness from China , Jerry comments that a world without baldness is like nation of Supermen .
Jerry wins a race against someone who thought he cheated on a race in High School to the music from Superman .
Music from Superman was also used during one of the clip shows summarzing past episodes from Seinfeld .
Jerry has referred to people 's weaknesses as Kryptonite an agent which also weakens Superman .
I do n't know why , but I thought making bagels was considerably more complicated than making a loaf of bread .
Well , it 's not : it is easy .
A recipe and a description of how easy it was to make these below .
I knew making bagels involved boiling them .
Somehow this left me with the impression that it would be as complicated as deep frying is , where you have to get the oil just the right temperature or else you end up either setting your kitchen on fire or eating little wet balls of grease .
Plus there is the whole pot of grease clean up factor .
Yuck .
Not something I 've wanted to deal with .
So when I read a couple of bagel recipes and all they said was " bring a pot of water to a boil .
Drop bagels in and boil for a minute or two on each side " I ... well , I felt like a dolt .
Why did n't I try making these sooner ?
About Bagels
There are a ton of bagel recipes out there .
A large percentage of them include eggs and butter .
Most suggest using high protein bread flour .
Some include sugar , some include honey , and others include malt syrup or powder .
For my first time baking bagels , I decided to use the recipe from the The Bread Baker 's Apprentice .
It appealed to me because it had an extremely simple ingredient list ( only one ingredient that do n't routinely keep around the house , and it was simple to find and inexpensive ) and included an overnight retardation of the dough that made it perfect for baking in the morning .
As regular readers will recall , preparing bread in the evening for baking first thing in the morning is an ongoing desire of mine .
This recipe fit that model perfectly .
Recipe
Makes 1 dozen bagels Sponge :
1 teaspoon instant yeast
4 cups bread flour
2 1/2 cups water Dough :
1/2 teaspoon instant yeast
3 3/4 cups bread flour
2 3/4 teaspoons salt
2 teaspoons malt powder
OR
1 tablespoon malt syrup , honey , or brown sugar Finishing touches :
1 tablespoon baking soda for the water
Cornmeal for dusting the pan
Toppings for the bagels such as seeds , salt , onion , or garlic
The Night Before
Stir the yeast into the flour in a large mixing bowl .
Add the water and stir until all ingredients are blended .
Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise for two hours .
Remove the plastic wrap and stir the additional yeast into the sponge .
Add 3 cups of the flour , the malt powder ( the one unusual ingredient , which I was able to find at the local health food store ) , and the salt into the bowl and mix until all of the ingredients form a ball .
You need to work in the additional 3/ 4 cups of flour to stiffen the dough , either while still mixing in the bowl or while kneading .
The dough should be stiffer and drier than normal bread dough , but moist enough that all of the ingredients are well blended .
Pour the dough out of the bowl onto a clean surface and knead for 10 minutes .
Immediately after kneading , split the dough into a dozen small pieces around 4 1/2 ounces each .
Roll each piece into a ball and set it aside .
When you have all 12 pieces made , cover them with a damp towel and let them rest for 20 minutes .
Shaping the bagel is a snap : punch your thumb through the center of each roll and then rotate the dough , working it so that the bagel is as even in width as possible .
Place the shaped bagels on an oiled sheet pan , with an inch or so of space between one another ( use two pans , if you need to ) .
If you have parchment paper , line the sheet pan with parchment and spray it lightly with oil before placing the bagels on the pan .
Cover the pan with plastic ( I put mine into a small plastic garbage bag ) and allow the dough to rise for about 20 minutes .
The suggested method of testing whether the bagels are ready to retard is by dropping one of them into a bowl of cool water : if the bagel floats back up to the surface in under ten seconds it is ready to retard .
If not , it needs to rise more .
I did n't bother doing this , instead counting on it taking about 20 minutes to get my son's teeth brushed and get him to take a bath .
In the quick interval between bath time and story time , I placed the pan into the refrigerator for the night .
Baking Day
Preheat the oven to 500 .
Bring a large pot of water to a boil .
Adding one tablespoon of baking soda to the pot to alkalize the water is suggested to replicate traditional bagel shop flavor .
I went ahead and did this , though I have no idea if it made any difference .
When the pot is boiling , drop a few of the bagels into the pot one at a time and let them boil for a minute .
Use a large , slotted spoon or spatula to gently flip them over and boil them on the other side .
Before removing them from the pot , sprinkle corn meal onto the sheet pan .
Remove them one at a time , set them back onto the sheet pan , and top them right away , while they are still slightly moist .
Repeat this process until all of the bagels have been boiled and topped .
Once they have , place the sheet pan into the preheated oven and bake for 5 minutes .
Reduce the heat to 450 degrees , rotate the pan , and bake for another 5 minutes until the bagels begin to brown .
Remove the pan from the oven and let cool for as long as you can without succumbing to temptation .
Wrap Up
These bagels were awesome .
I may try a different recipe next time , like an egg bagel recipe , but I have no complaints about this one .
I did learn that you can put too many seeds on top of a bagel .
I went particularly overboard with the poppy seeds .
Next time I 'll use a few less , but the bagels were still a hit with everyone .
Related Recipes : Challah Bread , English Muffins , Struan Bread .
It had long been observed that animals and other living things are particularly well - adapted to the environments in which they live .
Prior to November 24 , 1859 — 150 years ago today — the best explanation for this amazing phenomenon was that they had been designed specifically for that purpose .
Design implied a designer , and demonstrating the existence of this designer through reasoning is known as the design argument .
The design argument is the cornerstone of natural religion or natural theology — the study of God as disclosed in His creation , and then into deriving evidence from the creation of His providence and beneficence .
The design argument has been around since at least the Ancient Greeks .
In Laws ( c. 350 BCE ) Plato demonstrates not only that the Gods exist , but that they care about us and “ guard our highest interests . ”
They can not be tempted otherwise : The Gods “ would never betray justice for the sake of gifts which unjust men impiously offer them . ”
( What Plato does not demonstrate , however , is monotheism .
The Gods he speaks of are certainly not the raucous and often immoral characters of Greek mythology , but they should n’t be confused with the Christian heavenly father either . )
“ How could the sea - tides and the confined waters in the straits be affected by the rising and setting of the moon ? ” Cicero asks in The Nature of the Gods ( c. 44 BCE ) .
“ Or the diverse course of the stars be maintained in the single rotation of the entire heavens ?
What is certain is that these processes could not take place through harmonious activity in all parts of the universe , unless they were each embraced by a single divine , all - pervading , spiritual force . ”
You can find a gorgeous statement of natural theology in the Old Testament —
“ The heavens declare the glory of God ; and the firmament sheweth his handywork . ” ( Psalms 19:1 ) — and a clunkier one in a letter by Paul : “ Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them ; for God hath shewed it unto them .
For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen , being understood by the things that are made , even his eternal power and Godhead . ” ( Romans 1:19 - 20 ) .
So begins the long but rocky Christian tradition of natural theology .
In the thirteenth century , Dominican friars , most notably Thomas Aquinas ( 1225 – 1274 ) , began integrating Aristotle into Christian theology , and from this synthesis essentially created the modern study of science in the form of natural philosophy .
From Thomas Aquinas right into the nineteenth century , natural theology became the raison d’être of natural philosophy .
Natural philosophy was very explicitly the study of God ’s creation , and natural theology was the application of this knowledge to a greater understanding of God .
But natural theology by itself was insufficient .
In isolation , natural theology was considered inadequate and even dangerous .
For resolving those many crucial ambiguities that may still be lingering after the reason of natural theology is exhausted , it was necessary to consult the Bible .
Natural theology had to be balanced with revealed theology .
Once you ’ve established the existence and nature of God through natural theology , you can then pursue His words through the study of scripture .
Natural theology and revealed theology thus became the two interlocking pillars of Christianity .
Natural theology was particularly an important part of intellectual thought in Great Britain starting around the time of the Revolution of 1688 .
It 's possible that the Revolution impressed on people the need to find a philosophy and theology that reconciled all religions , and that was the study of nature .
Or perhaps it had something to do with the publication of Isaac Newton 's Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica the year before in 1687 .
Certainly the development of the telescope ( earlier in the century ) and Robert Hooke 's popularization of the microscope in the Micrographia ( 1665 ) played a role in allowing natural philosophers to explore the far - away and the very - small as never before .
As naturalists peered ever deeper into living things , they saw miniature complex structures and intricate mechanisms far beyond the engineering capabilities of man .
Just as the astronomers had found laws and order in the workings of the clockwork universe , naturalists were finding order amid the complexity of life .
Prior to the seventeenth century , design arguments were vague and general .
Now they became very specific as each latest scientific discovery bolstered anew the fact of God ’s existence and beneficence .
Through the end of the seventeenth century and into the eighteenth century , natural philosophy and natural theology matured in unison .
Popular books were published that explored these connections , such as the Wisdom of God Manifested in the Works of the Creation ( 1691 ) by English naturalist and ordained minister John Ray ( 1627 – 1705 ) .
Ray had done much of his scientific work in describing and classifying species .
In this book he showed how form and function in living things were perfectly meshed .
Over a hundred years later , the same message can be found in Natural Theology , or Evidence of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity , Collected from the Appearances of Nature ( 1802 ) by Archdeacon William Paley ( 1743 – 1805 ) .
Natural Theology remains quite readable and enjoyable .
( The first edition was republished a few years ago by Oxford World 's Classics with an information introduction and extensive notes . )
In this one book , Paley summed up all the prevailing arguments that had convinced almost everyone in the 18th century of the existence of God , even thinkers regarded then ( and now ) as extreme skeptics , such as Voltaire and Thomas Paine .
Natural Theology begins with the famous watch and its examination , leading to the inference
that the watch must have had a maker ; that there must have existed , at some time and at some place or other , an artificer or artifiers who formed it for the purpose which we find it actually to answer ; who comprehended its construction , and designed its use .
( Ch. 1 )
But Natural
Theology is not about watches ,
for every indication of contrivance , every manifestation of design , which existed in the watch , exists in the works of nature ; with the difference , on the side of nature , of being greater and more , and that in a degree which exceeds all computation .
( Ch. 3 )
Paley then embarks on extensive descriptions of many of the marvels of the natural world , beginning with the most amazing of them all : the human eye .
Paley 's enthusiasm is infectious , and it is easy to understand how popular and persuasive this book was .
Yet , around Chapter XXIII ( entitled " Of the Personality of the Deity " )
Paley makes an enormous leap .
He is not satisfied simply with demonstrating that some kind of designer exists .
He needs to go further and show that this designer has certain attributes : " omnipotence , omniscience , omnipresence , eternity , self - existence , necessary existence , spirituality . "
( Ch. XXIV )
He has to demonstrate the " goodness " of the designer , and Paley finds evidence of this as well :
It is a happy world after all .
The air , the earth , the water , teem with delighted existence .
In a spring noon , or a summer evening , on whichever side I turn my eyes , myriads of happy beings crowd upon my view .
( Ch. XXVI )
And perhaps Paley is revealing another reason why natural theology was so popular among England 's comfort class :
The beauty of England 's scenery , and the comparative lack of earthquakes , volcanoes , and extreme weather , made God 's creation seem a particularly pleasant and amenable one .
This is not to imply that the legitimacy of the design argument was never challenged , but doing so required a fearless intellect of the highest order .
Natural theology received its most thorough thrashing at the hands of Scottish philosopher David Hume ( 1711 – 1776 ) .
Throughout his life , Hume had maintained a strong skepticism regarding religion .
His dissection of miracles — originally suppressed in A Treatise of Human Nature ( 1739 – 40 ) but later appearing as Chapter 10 of An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding ( 1748 ) — to this day remains a favorite of anthologists of skeptical writings .
Hume focused specifically on natural theology and the design argument in the posthumously published Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion ( 1779 ) .
Although Hume had written the first draft two decades earlier , he withheld publication due to the incendiary nature of the work and the advice of his friends .
The first problem that Philo ( the skeptic character in the Dialogues ) takes on is the use of analogy .
We commonly employ analogy when comparing similar causes that produce similar effects .
But man -made machines and the universe are so dissimilar as to make any analogy invalid , particularly considering that man is part of the very universe that his analogous being ( God ) created :
If we survey a ship , what an exalted idea must we form of the ingenuity of the carpenter , who framed so complicated useful and beautiful a machine ?
And what surprise must we entertain , when we find him a stupid mechanic , who imitated others , and copied an art , which , through a long succession of ages , after multiplied trials , mistakes , corrections , deliberations , and controversies , had been gradually improving .
Many worlds might have been botched and bungled , throughout an eternity , ere this system was struck out :
Much labour lost :
Many fruitless trials made :
And a slow , but continued improvement carried on during infinite ages in the art of world - making .
( Hume , Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion , Part V )
And what does it imply when we learn that the ship was made not by a single person , but by a large number of men , each specialized in a particular aspect of the total job ?
Employing the analogies and " logic " of natural theology , it 's not even possible to prove the legitimacy of monotheism !
Nor is Philo impressed that the various parts of plants and animals seem precisely designed for their uses .
In a form of the anthropic principle , he argues that living things could not live otherwise :
It is in vain … to insist upon the uses of the parts in animals or vegetables and their curious adjustment to each other .
I would fain know how an animal could subsist , unless its parts were so adjusted ?
Do we not find , that it immediately perishes whenever this adjustment ceases , and that its matter corrupting tries some new form ?
It happens , indeed , that the parts of the world are so well adjusted , that some regular form immediately lays claim to this corrupted matter :
And if it were not so , could the world subsist ?
Must it not dissolve as well as the animal , and pass through new positions and situations ; till in great , but finite succession , it falls at last into the present or some such order ?
( Part VIII )
Well , obviously that 's not entirely satisfactory either .
Charles Darwin ( 1809 – 1882 ) read Paley at Cambridge .
It was part of the curriculum .
" I did not at that time trouble myself about Paley 's premises , " he later wrote in his Autobiography , " and taking these on trust I was charmed and convinced by the long line of argumentation . "
Darwin might have ended up as a doctor like his father if he had n't found the experience of witnessing an operation to be intolerable , and he might have become a country parson if had been more comfortable with the 39 Articles of Religion of the Church of England .
Instead , he got a unique opportunity to serve as naturalist on the HMS Beagle for a trip around the world that lasted nearly five years .
This was truly the formative experience in Darwin 's life .
He discovered nature not quite as polite as the English countryside .
He witnessed a volcano and an earthquake .
He saw all kinds of people .
He examined geology and nature in much detail .
And he read Charles Lyell 's Principles of Geology which posited a very long age of the Earth and many changes over those eons .
It got him thinking about species .
In July 1837 , Darwin began a notebook on the " transmutation of species , " that is , how one species can change into another .
At the time , the prevalent belief among geologists and naturalists was that within a species , there could be much variety , but species themselves were fixed and immutable .
It was well known from the study of geological strata that at distant times in the past , some species seemed to come into existence and other seemed to disappear , but there was no good explanation how these new species were created or where the old ones went .
To be sure , some natualists believed that species could transmute from one to another , from simpler forms to more complex forms .
Darwin's own grandfather Erasmus had believed so .
So did Buffon and Lemarck .
But the suggested mechanism of mutation usually involved inherited characteristics , and this process itself seemed too vague and flawed .
In 1838 , while reading Thomas Robert Malthus 's An Essay on the Principle of Population ( 1798 – 1826 ) Darwin hit upon the solution .
He found a process that explained adaptation and apparent design in living things but which did not rely upon a designer .
Darwin knew that his theory would be controversial , and that he would likely be intellectually pilloried for it , and he also knew that his pious wife Emma would be upset .
Before going public , he wanted to amass as much information as he could to support his ideas .
But fearing he might die first , in 1842 Darwin wrote a short Sketch describing what he was now calling natural selection , and in 1844 he expanded that into a longer Essay .
If he were to die , his wife was to have this essay published .
( These two documents were first published in 1909 under the editorship of Darwin 's son Francis .
I have another book containing these two essays entitled Evolution by Natural Selection published by Cambridge University Press in 1958 . )
In 1856 , Darwin began writing a book entitled Natural Selection that promised to be very long .
But it was never finished .
In June 1858 he received a paper in the mail by a young naturalist Alfred Wallace describing basically the same theory as Darwin had developed over the past twenty years .
It was obviously time to go public .
In July , a presentation to the Linnean Society of London presented papers from both Darwin and Wallace , and then Darwin got busy on what he thought of as an " abstract " for the much larger book .
That " abstract , " published 150 years ago today on November 24 , 1859 , is On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life .
( In this context the word " races " is used in an old sense to mean " varieties " within a species .
In the text of the book , " variety " is used almost exclusively and " race " only seldom . )
On the Origin of Species went through many editions and eventually lost the " On " at the beginning of the title .
But it 's become more common in recent decades to read the first edition of the book to get the full sense of its historical impact .
In 1981 , Harvard University Press published a nice facsimile edition with an introduction by Ernst Mayr , and of course you can view the first edition online .
But spend a little money and you can get something really nice .
Earlier this year , Harvard University Press published a terrific book entitled The Annotated Origin containing a very readable facsimile of the first edition along with a multitude of helpful annotations by Professor James T. Costa .
This book is likely to be the preferred text for reading On the Origin of Species for many decades to come .
Darwin begins
On the Origin of Species by describing not the workings of nature , but domesticated animals , specifically pigeons and those lovable domesticated wolves known as dogs .
Pigeons and dogs display a wide range of variety , and if we did n't know any better , we might assume that these different varieties are actually different species .
Yet , naturalists agreed that all domesticated pigeons are descended from the rock - pigeon , and likewise all dogs are descended from ( Darwin believed ) several wild stocks .
How does it happen that these domesticated animals have such wide variety within a single species ?
Human beings have fabricated these varieties through the process of breeding .
Generation by generation , animals are born that have natural variety .
The breeders selectively mate the ones with the qualities they want .
The key is man 's power of accumulative selection : nature gives successive variations ; man adds them up in certain directions useful to him .
In this sense he may be said to make for himself useful breeds ....
If selection consisted merely in separating some very distinct variety , and breeding from it , the principle would be so obvious as hardly to be worth notice ; but its importance consists in the great effect produced by the accumulation in one direction , during successive generations of differences absolutely inappreciable by an uneducated eye — differences which I for one have vainly attempted to appreciate .
( pgs. 30 , 32 — all page numbers are from the first edition )
This is artifical selection — artificial because people are doing the breeding .
Yet , artificial selection is obviously capable of much power to fabricate extreme varieties , as anyone visiting the dog - run at their local park can attest .
With natural selection , it is nature herself doing the breeding .
As Darwin learned from Malthus , living things are in a struggle for survival in competition for finite food sources .
For a particular species , there is natural variety .
If a particular characteristic helps an individual survive and procreate , that characteristic will be passed on to that individual 's offspring .
It may be said that natural selection is daily and hourly scrutinising , throughout the world , every varieties , even the slightest ; rejecting that which is bad , preserving and adding up all that is good ; silently and insensibly working , whenever and wherever opportunity offers , at the improvement of each organic being in relation to its organic and inorganic conditions of life .
We see nothing of these slow changes in progress , until the hand of time has marked the long lapse of ages , and then so imperfect is our view into long past geological ages , that we only see that the forms of life are now different from what they formerly were .
( pg. 84 )
Or as he succinctly expressed it later in the book , " one general law , leading to the advancement of all organic beings , namely , multiply , vary , let the strongest live and the weakest die . " ( pg. 244 ) It sounds cruel , but that 's the way nature works .
( And there 's no reason for our social organizations to be structured similarly . )
Darwin did n't see a sharp distinction between varieties and species : " varieties are species in the process of formation , or are , as I have called them , incipient species . " ( pg. 111 ) As two varieties diverge , they eventually become different enough to be categorized as separate species .
Working backwards , the whole tree of life collapses into primeval life forms .
The common classification of animals and plants into groups is actually but unknowingly based on inheritance :
It is a truly wonderful fact — the wonder of which we are apt to overlook from familiarlity — that all animals and all plants throughout all time and space should be related to each other in group subordinate to group , in the manner which we everywhere behold — namely , varieties of the same species most closely related together , species of the same genus less closely and unequally related together , forming sections and sub - genera , species of distinct genera much less closely related , and genera related in different degrees , forming sub - families , families , order , sub - classes and classes .
( pg. 128 )
( Creationists still treat species as fixed , immutable barriers to change .
It has become common for creationists to show how " open- minded " they are by expressing their belief that changes can occur within a species , but in making that distinction , they demonstrate that they reject Darwin 's entire treatise , and hence are 150 years behind the scientific times .
Here , for example , is Republican Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas in an op - ed piece in the N.Y .
Times , with emphasis added by me : " If belief in evolution means simply assenting to microevolution , small changes over time within a species , I am happy to say , as I have in the past , that I believe it to be true . " )
Reading the first edition of On the Origin of Species is a thrilling experience as the reader witnesses Darwin solving one of the greatest puzzles of existence — the " mystery of mysteries " as Sir John Herschel called it .
( Origin , pg. 1 ) Darwin had been working on this concept of natural selection for about twenty years , so he had lots of time to collect evidence and perform his own experiments , No " arm - chair naturalist , " Darwin raised pigeons , grew lots of plants , and performed odd experiments ( one of which I quoted yesterday ) .
He also had time to ponder problems , and several chapters in On the Origin of Species address these issues .
Given its prominent position in Paley 's Natural Theology of course Darwin had to take on the big one .
Creationists are fond of quoting this passage :
To suppose that the eye , with all its inimitable contrivances for adjusting the focus to different distances , for admitting different amounts of light , and for the correction of spherical and chromatic aberration , could have been formed by natural selection , seems , I freely confess , absurd in the highest possible degree .
( pg. 186 )
But this sentence is followed by Darwin 's full confidence in the power of natural selection to create an eye beginning with simple light - sensitive nerves , and he describes the various steps in how this might have come about .
It is extraordinary how well Darwin thought it all through , and how much it got right .
He did n't know about genetics .
Gregor Mendel did n't publish his research on peas until 1866 and even then it was widely unknown .
Of course , natural selection did n't disprove natural theology .
Like everything else , natural theology adapted to its new environment .
But what Darwin did was provide an alternative explanation for the appearance of design in the natural world — an explanation built upon concepts that virtually everyone can understand , which are very plausible , and which do not involve any type of " magic . "
Does the blind mechanical process of natural selecion take some of the " wonder " out of life ?
I think not , but I will let Darwin himself express his continued wonder with nature in the famous last paragraph of his book :
It is interesting to contemplate an entangled bank , clothed with many plants of many kinds , with birds singing on the bushes , with various insects flitting about , and with worms crawling through the damp earth , and to reflect that these elaborately constructed forms , so different from each other , and dependent on each other in so complex a manner , have all been produced by laws acting around us .
These laws , taken in the largest sense , being Growth with Reproduction ; Inheritance which is almost implied by reproduction ; Variability from the indirect and direct action of the external conditions of life , and from use and disuse ; a Ratio of Increase so high as to lead to a Struggle for Life , and as a consequence to Natural Selection , entailing Divergence of Character and the Extinction of less - improved forms .
Thus , from the war of nature , from famine and death , the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving , namely , the production of the higher animals , directly follows .
There is grandeur in this view of life , with its several powers , having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one ; and that , whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity , from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been , and are being , evolved .
Earlier Entries in the Sesquicentenniality Series
1859 Books : “ Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám ” ( 1/15/2009 )
1859 Books : George Eliot ’s “ Adam Bede ” ( 2/1/2009 )
1859 Books : John Stuart Mill ’s “ On Liberty ” ( 2/26/2009 )
1859 Books : Anthony Trollope ’s “ The Bertrams ” ( 3/29/2009 )
1859 Art : Frederic Church ’s “ The Heart of the Andes ” ( 4/27/2009 )
1859 Journalism : Harriet Martineau ’s “ Female Industry ” ( 5/30/2009 )
1859 Science : John Tyndall and the Greenhouse Effect ( 6/10/2009 )
1859 Books : George Meredith ’s “ The Ordeal of Richard Feverel ” ( 6/20/09 )
1859 Books : Tennyson ’s “ Idylls of the King ” ( 7/17/09 )
1859 Music : Richard Wagner ’s “ Tristan und Isolde ” ( 8/30/2009 )
1859 Books : Harriet Wilson ’s “ Our Nig ” ( 9/5/2009 )
1859 Speeches : Prince Albert ’s Address to the BAAS ( 9/14/09 )
1859 Books : Samuel Smiles ’ “ Self - Help ” ( 9/29/09 )
1859 Crusades : John Brown ’s Raid on Harpers Ferry ( 10/16/09 )
1859 Books : Charles Dickens ’ “ A Tale of Two Cities ” ( 11/21/09 )
The proponents of the " war on drugs " are well - intentioned people who believe they are saving people from the nightmare of drug addiction and making the world safer .
But this self - image has turned into a faith – and like all faiths , it can only be maintained by cultivating a deliberate blindness to the evidence .
The recent furore about the British government 's decision to fire its chief scientific advisor on drugs , Professor David Nutt , missed the point .
Yes , it is shocking that he was ditched for pointing out the mathematical truth that taking ecstasy is less dangerous than horse - riding , and that smoking cannabis is less harmful than drinking alcohol .
But this is how the war on drugs has to be fought .
The unofficial slogan of the prohibitionists for decades has been :
The facts will only undermine the war , so invent some that show how successful we are , fast .
Look at the United States , the country that pioneered the drug war , and still uses its military and diplomatic might to demand the rest of the world cracks down .
In 1998 , the Office of National Drug Control Policy was ordered by Congress to stop funding any scientific research that might give the impression that we should redirect funding from anti-trafficking busts into medical treatment of addicts , or that there is any argument to legalise , regulate or medicalise drug use .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It 's Nutt cubed : only tell us what we want to hear .
So , to give a small example , the ONDCP spent $ 14bn on anti-cannabis adverts aimed at teenagers , and $ 43 m to find out if the ads worked .
They discovered that kids who saw the ads were more likely afterwards to get stoned , so the evidence was suppressed , and the ad campaign marched on .
What would happen if we started to build our drugs policy around the facts , rather than our desire for a fuzzy feeling inside ?
Prof
Nutt only took baby steps in this direction before he was booted out .
He argued that we should rank drugs by the harm they do , rather than by the size of the panicked headlines they trigger .
Now the row is fading , it is possible to see how conservative he was .
A must - read new report out this week – " After The War on Drugs : Blueprint for Regulation " , by the Transform Drug Policy Foundation – follows the facts as far as they will take us .
It shows that the rational solution is to take the drug market back from the unregulated anarchy of criminal gangs , and transfer it to pharmacists , off - licences , and doctors who operate in the legal economy .
To see why this is necessary , we have to look at some of the facts our politicians refuse to see :
Fact One
The drug war hands one of our biggest industries to armed criminal gangs , who unleash terrible violence across the country .
When alcohol was prohibited in the US in the 1920s , it did n't vanish .
No : armed gangsters like Al Capone stepped in and sold it – and they shot anybody who got in their way .
Yet today , Wine Rack does not shoot up Threshers .
Oddbins does not threaten to kill anybody who sees its staff selling wine .
Why ?
Because it was n't the booze that caused the violence ; it was the prohibition .
Once alcohol was reclaimed for legal businesses , the dealer - on - dealer violence swiftly stopped .
Where there is a huge profit to be made in a black market – it's 3,000 per cent on drugs today – people will fight and kill to control it .
Arrest a dealer , and you simply trigger a new war for his patch , with the rest of us caught in the crossfire .
In 1986 , the Nobel - prize winning economist , Milton Friedman , calculated that there are 10,000 murders in the US alone every year caused this way .
Legalise , and you bankrupt most organised crime overnight .
With their profits in freefall , the gangsters do n't suddenly become cuddly – but the huge financial incentives to remain a gangster wither fast .
It 's the drug war that keeps them in business , and legalisation that shuts them down .
As Friedman said : " Prohibition is the drug dealer 's best friend . "
Fact Two Under prohibition , drug use becomes more hardcore .
Before alcohol prohibition , most Americans drank beer and wine .
After prohibition was introduced , super - strong moonshine became the most popular drink , as booze rapidly became 150 per cent stronger .
Why ?
The writer Richard Cowan called it " the iron law of prohibition " : whenever you criminalise a substance , it gets stronger .
Because they are smuggling and stashing a substance , the dealers condense their product to give the biggest possible kick while taking up the smallest possible space .
It 's at work today : it 's why dealers invented crack in the 1980s .
The researchers Matthew Robinson and Renee Scherlen found : " The increased deadly nature of drugs under prohibition led to 15,000 more deaths in 2000 [ in the US alone ] than [ if ] prohibition had not made drugs more dangerous . "
Fact Three
The drug war does n't reduce drug use – but the alternatives can .
Some people believe these two dark side - effects are a price worth paying if prohibition stops a significant number of people from picking up their first bong or needle .
It was an understandable enough argument – until the evidence came in from countries that have experimented with ending the drug war .
On 1 July 2001 , Portugal decriminalised the possession of all drugs , including heroin and cocaine .
You can have and use as much as you like for your own needs , and if you are caught , the police might refer you to a rehab programme , but you will never get a criminal record .
( Supplying and selling remains illegal . )
The prohibitionists predicted a catastrophic rise in addiction , and even I – an instinctive legaliser – was nervous .
Now we know : overall drug use actually fell a little .
As a major study by Glenn Greenwald for The Cato Institute found , among Portuguese teenagers the fall was fastest : 13 - year - olds are four per cent less likely to use drugs , and 16 - year - olds are six per cent less likely .
As the iron law of prohibition predicts , the use of hard drugs has fallen fastest : heroin use has crashed by nearly 50 per cent among the young who were not yet addicted .
The Portuguese have switched the billions that used to be spent chasing and jailing addicts to providing them with prescriptions and rehab .
The number of people in drug treatment is now up by 147 per cent .
Almost nobody in Portugal wants to go back .
Indeed , many citizens want to take the next step : legalise supply too , and break the back of the gangs .
Portugal is no fluke .
It turns out that wherever the drug laws are relaxed , drug use stays the same , or – where spending is switched to treatment – declines .
Between 1972 and 1978 , 11 US states decriminalised marijuana possession .
The National Research Council found that the number of dope - smokers stayed the same .
In Switzerland , a decade ago the government started providing legal centres where people could safely inject heroin – for free .
Burglary rates fell by 60 per cent , and street homelessness ended .
A study by The Lancet – one of the most respected medical journals in the world – found that the rate of people becoming new heroin addicts fell by 82 per cent .
Why ?
Heroin addicts did n't need to recruit new addicts to sell to in order to feed their habit .
The pyramid scheme of heroin addiction was broken .
So the drug war does n't achieve its goal of reducing addiction .
All it does achieve is horrific gang violence – and in some cases the cartels gut whole countries like Mexico and Afghanistan .
It does unwittingly press people into using harder and more dangerous drugs .
And it does waste tens of billions of dollars that could really reduce drug addiction , by spending it on treatment for addicts .
The prohibitionists are therefore left a contradiction between their message and the facts .
They can either change their message , or try to suppress the facts .
Last week , the British Government made its choice .
But how long will this be tenable ?
The prohibitionists are – from the best intentions and the highest motives – unleashing a catastrophe .
Human beings have been finding ways to get stoned or high since we lived in caves .
In our attempt to end this natural impulse , we have created a problem worse than drug use itself .
There is another way .
Imagine a country with no drug dealers killing to protect their patch or terrorising whole estates .
Imagine a country where burglary fell by 60 per cent .
Imagine a Britain where we spent all these billions treating addicts as ill people who need our help , not hunting them down as criminals who need punishment .
We can be that country .
We just have to come down from chasing the dragon of a drug - free world – and start looking soberly at the facts .
To support the campaign for drug regulation , you can join , volunteer for or donate to the Transform Drug Policy Foundation at www.tdpf.org.uk
Want to ask Johann Hari or other top Independent journalists a question ?
Click here .
You can follow Johann on Twitter at www.twitter.com/johannhari101 - j.hari@independent.co.uk
Made me laugh – and I support Spurs .
[ Spotted on Arseblog ‘s Twitter profile .
You should follow him , and Pies too , natch ]
U.S. researchers said after a study that increasing the levels of a message - carrying chemical in the brain may help prevent some of the deficits of the memory in a condition called Down syndrome which hampers learning and makes it difficult for the brain to develop normally .
Mice suffering with Down syndrome were injected with drugs to increase norepinephrine levels , which is a neurotransmitter .
Nerve cells utilize this to communicate and the mice displayed improvements in their thinking ability .
This finding indicates to a newer way of trying to improve some of the deficits seen in Down syndrome , affecting 5,000 newborns in the United States each year .
Dr. Ahmad Salehi of the Veterans Affairs Palo Alto Health Care System , whose study was published in the journal Science Translational Medicine said , “ If you intervene early enough , you will be able to help kids with Down syndrome to collect and modulate information . ”
The cause of Down syndrome is having an extra copy of the 21st chromosome .
At the time of birth , children with Down syndrome are not developmentally delayed but memory shortcomings attached to this disorder hinder normal brain development .
By giving the mice drugs that lead to higher levels of norepinephrine , the mice created nests which were on par with those of normal mice .
Some drugs which are already on the market for depression and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder target norepineephrine .
Salehi said that he hopes that this finding leads to new research on these drugs in people with Down syndrome .
I ’m torn on this clip .
Ron Paul comes close to edging into tinfoil - hat territory when he talks about the swine - flu emergency allowing the federal government to track everyone ’s movements and when he questions the benefits of vaccinations in general , but for the most part makes a lot of sense in his blast at the White House for its handling of the supposed epidemic .
For instance , Paul points out what most of the media has neglected to report in its breathless coverage of the H1N1 spread , which is that 1,000 deaths from H1N1 in 2009 is one - third of what the US sees in a typical month from the normal flu ( via Andrew Malcolm ) :
So why declare a national emergency ?
Why scare everyone over a strain that appears to be less dangerous than the normal flu ?
Paul says that Obama wants to use it to grab further control and power , but at least so far Obama has not asked for any particular authority that the federal government did n’t already have .
And as the vaccines continue to get delayed — we ’re high - risk because of the First Mate ’s immune suppression — the more the federal government appears incompetent and bungling , hardly the way to build confidence for future power grabs .
Paul ’s right , though , about how the White House has mishandled the disease .
They ’ve acted like Joe Biden flying coach , contributing to hysteria rather than providing calm leadership .
That ’s emerging as a pattern in this administration .
The distinctive red stripes , the mouth - watering aroma , the snapping sizzle from the pan , the crisp texture and , of course , the intense , porky flavor .
With a food that pleasures all five of our senses , how can we resist the temptation of sinfully delicious bacon ?
In a recent issue of Chile Pepper magazine , we rounded up all things bacon .
There 's bacon floss , maple - bacon coffee , jalapeno bacon salt , spicy bacon jerky and even bacon pancake mix .
While all were good and certainly unique , nothing trumps the bacon I had at Café Pasqual 's in Santa Fe .
Sticky , spicy and sugary , this was a step into bacon heaven .
And it 's easy to create at home .
This recipe highlights bacon at its sweet , spicy best .
Start with applewood - smoked bacon .
Dip it into a mixture of chile powder and brown sugar , then slowly cook this in the oven .
( Keep a watchful eye for burning . )
Personally , I like to bump up the chile powder a notch .
This recipe highlights bacon at its sweet , spicy best .
And with the oven doing most of the work , this is an easy addition to any brunch during the holiday season .
H.R. Giger is best known for his work on the " Alien " movies and his ability to make everything look biomechanical and creepy , and if you think about it , his work would n't seem totally out of place in the ominous cityscape of Gotham .
Super Punch pointed out today that this mashup almost happened back in 1994 , when Giger was contacted to design a Batmobile for " Batman Forever . "
There 's something very distinctly sci-fi about the design , which was built in the shape of an X , and included " articulated front legs / mandibles , retractable fins , and gatling gun emplacements on each of the four pods on the sides of the vehicle .
The design also combined side and forward intake ports with [ organic ] spines and a central pod connecting the four legs . "
It reminds me a little of a chromosomal Cylon Raider and / or something out of Babylon 5 , but I can't say I 'm 100 % into it , possibly because Giger 's work always has the ring of the unsettling to it -- not in an " I am the night " kind of way , but more in a " beetles will eat your eyes while you sleep " kind of way .
Still , it could have at least been something distinct and interesting within the carnival of mediocrity and Bat - Nipples that was " Batman Forever . "
LOS ANGELES 
For decades , the Walt Disney Company has largely kept Mickey Mouse frozen under glass , fearful that even the tiniest tinkering might tarnish the brand and upend his $ 5 billion or so in annual merchandise sales .
One false move and Disney could have New Coke on its hands .
Now , however , concerned that Mickey has become more of a corporate symbol than a beloved character for recent generations of young people , Disney is taking the risky step of re-imagining him for the future .
The first glimmer of this will be the introduction next year of a new video game , Epic Mickey , in which the formerly squeaky clean character can be cantankerous and cunning , as well as heroic , as he traverses a forbidding wasteland .
And at the same time , in a parallel but separate effort , Disney has quietly embarked on an even larger project to rethink the character ’s personality , from the way Mickey walks and talks to the way he appears on the Disney Channel and how children interact with him on the Web  even what his house looks like at Disney World .
From Chicago journalist Kristen McQueary , this deplorable story :
As a journalist covering Chicago politics , verifying information is like climbing a mountain of sand .
With each step you take , the deeper you sink .
Last week while researching claims from a local Tea Party activist , I found myself asking a family for proof that they had lost an unborn grandchild .
The family , Dan and Midge Hough , of Chicago , spoke in favor of health care reform and in support of U.S. Rep. Dan Lipinski ( D - 3rd ) at a Nov. 14 town hall meeting in Oak Lawn .
Their daughter - in - law , Jenny , and an unborn grandchild died recently due in part , they believe , to a lack of health insurance .
They said Jenny was not receiving regular prenatal care and ended up in an emergency room with double pneumonia that developed into septic shock .
Her baby died in the womb , and Jenny died a few weeks later , leaving behind a husband and a 2 - year - old daughter .
Catherina Wojtowicz , of Chicago 's Mount Greenwood community , an organizer for a Tea Party splinter group , Chicago Tea Party Patriots , falsely claimed that the Houghs fabricated their story .
In an e-mail , she called them operatives of President Barack Obama who " go from event to event and ( cry ) the same story . "
When the Houghs spoke at the Lipinski event , some Tea Partiers ridiculed them .
They moaned and rolled their eyes and interrupted .
Midge Hough began to cry .
The audience , Wojtowicz later explained , was exasperated by stories of isolated tragedies that cloud debate over the health care bill itself .
" What we are talking about is the bill , " she said .
" We 've all had family members pass away , but would this health care bill really have prevented ( Jenny 's ) death ?
We do question it . "
Ok , so I know nothing about physics .
However , if you had a one of those mirrors that they use in police stations to interrogate people , ya know the ones that are see through on one side ?
I think they may be called two way mirrors , so thats what im gonna call it .
Anyway imagine if you made a two way mirror BALL with the mirror part on the inside .
So you could look into the mirror , but how would you see anything !!
You could look threw it , but nothing would be able to reflect back through cuz theres a mirror on the inside !
I dont get it , how would that work !
would you get trapped inside or something ?
I dont wanna get trapped inside ... weedless .
Due to recent events I have become interested in this issue , so I have been poking around and doing some experiments .
Unfortunately , while Linux has a bewildering variety of memory related per-process resource limits that you can set , most of them do n't work or do n't do you any good .
What you have , in theory and practice :
ulimit -m , the maximum RSS , does n't do anything ; the kernel maintains the number but never seems to use it for anything .
, the maximum RSS , does n't do anything ; the kernel maintains the number but never seems to use it for anything .
ulimit -d , the maximum data segment size , is effectively useless since it only affects memory that the program obtains through brk ( 2 ) / sbrk ( 2 ) .
These days , these are n't used very much ; GNU libc does most of its memory allocation using mmap ( ) , especially for big blocks of memory .
, the maximum data segment size , is effectively useless since it only affects memory that the program obtains through .
These days , these are n't used very much ; GNU libc does most of its memory allocation using , especially for big blocks of memory .
ulimit - v , the maximum size of the address space , works but affects all mmap ( ) s , even of things that will never require swap space , such as mmap ( ) ing a big file .
What I really want is something that can effectively limit a process 's ' committed address space ' ( to use the term that / proc / meminfo and the kernel documentation on swap overcommit use ) .
I do n't care if a process wants to mmap ( ) a 50 gigabyte file , but I care a lot if it wants 50G of anonymous , unbacked address space , because the latter is what will drive the system into out - of - memory .
Unfortunately I can imagine entirely legitimate reasons to want to mmap ( ) huge files ( especially huge sparse files ) on a 64 - bit machine , so any limit on the total process address space on our compute servers will have to be a soft limit .
Since the Linux kernel already tracks committed address space information for the whole system , it 's possible that it would not be too much work to extend it to a per-process limit .
( The likely fly in the ointment is that memory regions can be shared between processes , which complicates the accounting and raises questions about what you do when a process modifies a virtual memory region in a way that is legal for it but pushes another process sharing the VMA over its limit . )
U.S. President Barack Obama will be given an honorary taekwondo belt to mark his first visit to Korea on Wednesday and Thursday .
A government official said that President Lee Myung - bak will present Obama with an honorary taekwondo degree certificate and a uniform embroidered with his name .
Obama practiced taekwondo for about four years with an American master in Chicago from 2001 while he was serving in the Illinois state senate .
He obtained a green belt .
Meanwhile , the government has yet to choose whether to serve the traditional Korean rice wine makgeolli or a Californian wine during the welcome luncheon on Thursday .
Some government officials say that makgeolli does not seem like a good idea since it has bee n served on several occasions such as the recent Korea - Japan summit and meetings with foreign diplomats stationed in Korea .
The government is considering a Californian wine as the leaders will discuss the ratification of the Korea - U.S. free trade agreement , and the California wine industry stands to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of the deal .
Airport security workers at Manchester Airport ’s terminal 2 have been banned from subjecting minors to a new X - ray booth that sees passengers nude bodies through their clothing .
The device , a booth that passengers stand in while electromagnetic rays look through their clothing for hidden items like weapons and explosives , was launched last week at the U.K. airport .
While standing in the booth , the outline of the persons body is seen through their clothing on computer monitors .
The 20 second scan reveals any hidden items , but it also reveals the person ’s genitals and every contour of their body .
The scanner is so sensitive that it can also detect things like breast implants and their bone structure .
The problem is that legislation was passed in the U.K. back in 1978 called the Protection of Children
Act which criminalizes the creation of nude or pseudo - nude photos of children .
Using the “ Rapiscan machines ” to scan anyone under the age of 18 would subject airport security staff to potential criminal prosecution under the legislation .
Airport security officials were aware of the legislation before bringing the new airport scanner online and initially intended to let children be scanned with their parents consent , but even that stepped into a legal gray area , potentially subjecting parents to the child protection legislation for allowing their children to be photographed in a revealing way .
From the Daily Mail :
Last night a Manchester Airport spokesman confirmed that all staff had been told not to allow children to be scanned by the new equipment .
He said : “ Our lawyers and child welfare groups have warned us this is a legal grey area .
We do not want to open ourselves or our staff to the possibility of legal action , so we have decided children will not be subjected to these scans and will continue to face normal security checks . ”
The scanner was hoped to speed up the processing of passengers at the airport by shortening the amount of time it takes to perform security checks on each individual .
Photo : AFP / Getty Images via dailymail.co.uk
My 34 - year - old sister , call her " Carrie , " came out to the family a week ago and is looking for us all to support the decisions she 's making surrounding her coming out .
Advertisement
Background :
My sister has been somewhat happily married for 14 years and has four children , all under the age of 12 .
She wants to move her kids 3,000 miles away to be with the woman she has fallen in love with — call her " Louise . "
Louise is also married with kids .
Both are stay - at - home moms .
Carrie and Louise have met in person three times over three months .
The first time was through a mothers ' support group .
The second time they met , they got drunk and hooked up .
About a month after this , they spent a long weekend together with their kids .
They are now in love , speak on the phone several times a day , and have both told their husbands and families .
Louise has told Carrie that she wo n't move , as she wants her kids to be able to see their father on a regular basis and does n't think she could win custody .
She has asked my sister to move with her kids to be with Louise and her kids .
My sister 's husband wants to be able to see his children and plans to ask that she be required to stay in the state as part of their custody agreement .
My sister is willing to fight this tooth and nail so that she can be with Louise .
My sister has no money of her own .
Advertisement
My question is this :
How do I support my sister but still make sure that she does n't back herself into a legal and financial quagmire over a person she has met only three times ?
Concerned Sister
Why would you even consider supporting your sister ?
Backing up for a moment :
Your sister has made two separate and distinct decisions , CS , and your family needs to keep them separate .
First , your sister has decided to come out as a lesbian .
You can support the hell out of that — shit , throw her dyke ass a coming - out party .
Second , your sister has decided to do something so colossally stupid , so selfish and cruel , that you would be guilty of supportive - sibling malpractice if you , out of loyalty or guilt or cowardice , offered her even your tepid support .
Advertisement
So your sister 's a lesbian — fabulous .
But that does n't give her the right to interfere with her soon - to - be ex-husband 's right to have a relationship with his children .
And what of her children 's right to have a relationship with their father ?
In this instance , CS , your familial allegiance to your nieces and nephews and , yes , to your brother - in - law , outweighs whatever allegiance you owe your sister .
She 's selfishly fucking over her husband — a human being and a member of your family too — as well as their kids , not only taking them from their father , but from the rest of their family , their friends , and their schools .
And all for what ?
Because she 's a lesbian now ?
No , because she 's a selfish , love - struck dumbfuck planning to run off with someone she barely knows .
Do n't let your sister manipulate you into supporting her selfish , stupid decision by presenting it to you as some intrinsic aspect of her lesbianism .
( Bad haircuts , well - trimmed fingernails , and cunnilingus ?
Intrinsic aspects of lesbianism .
Fucking over your whole family ?
Not so much . )
You can't allow your fear of being accused of homophobia prevent you from telling your sister to her pussy - chompin ' face that she 's in the wrong .
When she plays the homophobia card , tell her you would feel exactly the same way if she were leaving her husband for a man she barely knew .
Advertisement
Finally , tell your sister from me that if she wants to have her family 's support , then she and her new love have to earn it .
For the sake of her kids , for the sake of her soon - to - be ex , she needs to stay put .
She 'll have plenty of opportunity to fly out to see her new love on the weekends when her ex has the kids .
If she whines about how hard long - distance relationships are , tell her that being left for another person is hard , too , to say nothing of watching your parents ' marriage fall apart .
Her husband is suffering , her kids are suffering — why the fuck should n't she ?
You write that you met your boyfriend " when I was 23 " 11 years ago .
C'mon , Dan !
You 're not 34 ( 23 + 11 , as the column says ) , at least according to multiple online sources .
( Wikipedia can be edited , but it 's got the same date as IMDB and lots of other places . )
Lying about your age is beneath you !
Advertisement
Boy Utterly Saddened To Encounter Deceit
You 're right , BUSTED , I really should n't lie about my age .
But I worry that people wo n't take my love - and - sex advice seriously when they learn that I 'm only 27 and I 've been with the same guy for 11 years .
Readers might conclude that I can't know all that much about dating , relationships , and heartbreak if I 've been with the same guy since my junior year of high school .
But I guess the cat 's out of the bag now — damn you , Wikipedia !
Advertisement
I am a professional dominatrix located in Boston .
I read the inquiry from the clueless , potential male submissive in last week 's column .
My first thought on reading of Cock Blue Today 's antics with his penis and the frying pan was that his letter was made up .
My second thought was " No , this is just too stupid and random to be fiction . "
You were absolutely correct in your response .
He was worried about meeting a dominant for fear that she would n't care about doing " permanent damage " to him .
Of course a professional dominatrix cares if she does permanent damage !
That is WHY we are professionals , and not crack - smoking harridans mindlessly wielding whips .
Jesus .
I wanted to put my boot in his ass for asking such an idiotic question .
We would n't be in business if we left quivering , destroyed heaps of man -meat in our wake .
( That costs extra . )
Advertisement
Why do n't you put me in contact with this clown ?
He needs tutoring in common sense as well as the scene in general .
Ava , The Laughing Mistress Of Boston
thelaughingmistress.com
In CBT 's defense , Ava , he was n't looking to meet a professional dominatrix — but a dominant , sadistic woman .
And while I can't put you in touch with CBT , Ava , I 've included the address of your website in case he wants to get in touch with you .
Advertisement
Hey , everybody : So I 'm going to start doing a podcast .
The kids love 'em , you see , and I wo n't be able to get this Steve Jobs guy off my back until I start doing one .
Have you ever wanted to ask me a question but lost your nerve or sobered up before you could send me an email ?
Well , now you 'll be able to drunk - dial me and record a question from the comfort of that bar , washroom , bedroom , or dungeon .
The number : 206-201-2720 .
Call and ask , I 'll listen and advise .
When the podcast launches , I 'll announce it in this space .
Short items : Evangelical Christians are addicted to pornography , according to a survey by ChristiaNet.com .
But like drunks supporting prohibition , the American Taliban is agitating to get porn removed from hotel rooms .
( Check out the new website CleanHotels.com . )
Meanwhile , the school board in Canton , Ohio , has added contraception to their sex -ed programs — it had been abstinence only — when they realized that 13 percent of the female students at one high school were pregnant .
Good work , American Taliban !
Mr. Obama himself seems to be hedging his bets , particularly on the performance of Mr. Karzai , who is considered by American officials to be an unreliable partner and is now widely derided in the White House .
Mr. Obama told ABC
News during an interview on Monday that given the weakness of the Karzai government in Kabul , his administration was seeking “ provincial government actors that have legitimacy in the right now . ”
Officials said that while Admiral Mullen and Mrs. Clinton were generally in sync with Mr. Gates in supporting an option of about 30,000 troops , there were variations in their positions and they were not working in lock step .
Admiral Mullen ’s spokesman , Capt .
John Kirby , said that the admiral was providing his advice to the president in private and would not comment .
Geoff Morrell , the Pentagon press secretary , would not comment on Mr. Gates ’s position .
A focus of Mr. Obama ’s meeting on Wednesday with his national security advisers , officials said , will be to discuss some of their differences as well as those of the president ’s other advisers .
Officials also said there was a possibility that Mr. Obama might choose to phase in additional troops over time , with a schedule that depended on the timing of the arrival of any additional NATO troops and on how soon Afghan security forces would be able to do more on their own .
Officials said that no decision was expected from Mr. Obama on Wednesday , but that he would mull over the discussions at the meeting during a trip to Asia that begins Thursday .
Mr. Obama is not due back in Washington until next Thursday .
Officials said that it was possible that he could announce his decision in the three days before Thanksgiving , which is on Nov. 26 , but that an announcement in the first week of December seemed more likely .
Should Mr. Obama choose to send about 30,000 troops , a military official said , brigades would most likely be sent from the 101st Airborne Division at Fort Campbell , Ky. , and the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum , N.Y .
In addition , 4,000 troops would be sent as trainers for the Afghan security forces , the military official said .
A brigade is about 3,500 to 5,000 soldiers .
Senator Jack Reed , the Rhode Island Democrat who has been an influential adviser in the Afghanistan debate , said that one of the most difficult issues was determining the effects of a large American troop presence on the country .
“ It ’s more about , hey , are we creating such a large footprint that it ’s easier for the Afghans to walk way from their responsibility ? ”
Mr. Reed said .
“ I do n’t think that ’s one that can be resolved .
You ’re making a judgment about that one , and not one you can solve with arithmetic . ”
This is the homepage of Com S 541 , a course on programming languages , as taught by Hridesh Rajan in Fall 2009 at Iowa State University .
These pages make the course related materials available .
What 's New :
This year we are using the manuscript / course notes entitled Software Foundations under development by Prof.
Benjamin Pierce and colleagues .
These notes provide an interactive experience that makes studying programming language theory a whole lot of fun !
Instructor Teaching Assistant Hridesh Rajan TBD Class Schedule Office Hours TR 12:40 pm-2:00 pm ( 1160 Sweeney ) R 2:00 pm-3:40 pm ( 101 Atanasoff ) Textbook Software Foundations .
Benjamin C. Pierce et al .
Types and Programming Languages .
Benjamin C. Pierce .
MIT Press , 2002 .
Other Relevant Courses
Is it time to consider more radical strategies for repairing the U.S. economy ?
Perhaps , although as a recent essay from the Levy Economics Institute argues , it ’s also clear that the old game of trying to reflate bubbles is n’t going to work this time .
“ Like the Bush administration before it , the Obama team appears to be trying to re-create the bubbly financial conditions that led to disaster , ” a research paper from LEI asserts .
“ This tack is not likely to succeed , and it is displacing policies that might actually prevent a recurrence of the Great Depression . ”
The paper continues ,
In our view , most administration proposals are fundamentally misguided , since they are based on the twin presumptions that Big Banks face only a liquidity problem and that , if this problem is resolved , the economy will recover .
We believe these presumptions are entirely mistaken .
The Big Bank problem is insolvency , and these banks should not be saved because they form a barrier to a sustainable recovery .
Given a chance , they will resurrect the bubble conditions that led to the current crisis .
What ’s the solution ?
LEI argues that a banking “ holiday ” is needed .
The biggest institutions are temporarily closed and the books are closely analyzed , including a careful look at cross - bank liabilities .
The immediate goal is “ consolidating the balance sheets ” in order to “ downsize the financial sector and reduce monopoly power . ”
The basic motivation for these changes , according to LEI , is that borrowers can’t service their debt .
But the think tank ’s solution is n’t exactly novel .
“ A major increase in government spending is the only way to smooth the deleveraging process . ”
The reasoning , the paper concludes : “ It is better to spend on a much bigger scale now in order to create jobs and rekindle private sector growth .
If we do that , the budget deficit will shrink and GDP will grow , while government debt - and deficit - to - GDP rates will fall . ”
Even assuming that huge amounts of new spending are the intelligent choice ( a debatable proposition , to say the least ) , the conceit here is that Congress will make intelligent decisions when it comes to directing the new monies .
Ultimately , there ’s a question of whether the government , any government , can create jobs worthy of the name on a grand scale over long periods of time .
One problem : the funding of such a massive public enterprise has to come from somewhere , which raises questions of whether we ’re simply borrowing from Paul to pay Peter .
There are three basic methods for such programs : raise taxes , borrow more , or quietly devalue the currency .
Perhaps a mix of all three is coming .
Yet the burden should be on those who call for a colossal increase in government ’s role at this juncture in the economic cycle .
Does history suggest this is a logical path that will bear fruit ?
We think not , although the devil ’s in the details .
But as a general proposition , economic growth does n’t flow from government mandates .
Governments have some capacity for keeping disaster at bay , but that ’s quite a different state of affairs than promoting growth .
We can make a case for intervention to stave off some immediate threat .
But let ’s not fool ourselves into thinking that economic expansion can be engineered as one more state program .
The limited response ( so far ) of the so - called stimulus program from earlier this year suggests as much .
Clearly , many disagree , although the “ solution ” in some corners is always : spend more .
If $ 800 billion was n’t enough , $ 1.6 trillion would have been .
Ah , if it was only that easy .
And so we ask a simple question :
What does history say ?
To be precise , what does history say about government spending on promoting growth beyond some immediate crisis ?
By all means , we need to encourage economic expansion by all reasonable methods and use government levers in a prudent fashion .
But there are limits to everything , just as public spending at some point becomes counterproductive .
And so let ’s not kid ourselves : we ’re looking at a period of subpar growth on a number of levels , and the brilliant ideas cooked up in , say , the U.S. Senate or the Department of Energy probably can’t save us from this fate .
The only thing worse than an unsatisfactory recovery is one that ’s also laden with an even higher level of excess debt and unsustainable levels of public sector expansion .
The Commissioning Editor for Education at the UK's Channel 4 will publish an essay tomorrow that is guaranteed to cause controversy .
Noting that people will never go back to paying for music , Alice Taylor vehemently opposes plans to disconnect Internet users on a simple accusation , labeling the entities calling for it as " dying behemoths " .
For years now we have heard the loud voices of those representing the movie , music and TV industries as they call for tougher and tougher legislation in order to force people to consume media , their way .
These entities really believe that the file - sharing genie can be somehow squeezed back into the bottle by the use of overwhelming force .
The battle lines have been drawn but make no mistake , these tactics will not win this war – the Internet and empowerment of the individual has put an end to all that .
Considering the aggressiveness shown by some elements of the aforementioned groups – who would have infringers permanently kicked off the Internet if they could have their way – it is very rare indeed for influential people traditionally placed in the pro-copyright camp to make statements that are in harmony with their supposed opposition .
Tomorrow , therefore , should prove a very interesting day .
After moving on from her position as Vice President of Digital Content for BBC Worldwide , Alice Taylor became Commissioning Editor for Education at the UK ’s Channel 4 .
She is also the significant other of copyfighter , journalist , sci-fi writer and Boing Boing editor , Cory Doctorow .
Taylor will publish an essay tomorrow , commissioned by Perspectives , a government - funded website created to engage with Scotland ’s creative industries .
If the taster published today is anything to go by , it should prove explosive .
The Digital Britain report along with proposals for disconnecting Internet users for copyright infringements is quite the hot topic at the moment , but Taylor is n’t having any of it , and is scathing of those pushing for such action .
“ We must not let these dying behemoths take away someone ’s internet access – and connection to the world – for some accusatory , unprovable ‘ piracy ’ claim , ever , ” she will write , probably accompanied by the unified rapturous applause of the entire online community .
Taylor will also take on Feargal Sharkey ’s UK Music , calling them “ copyright maximalists ” and criticizing them for asking consumers to “ respect copyright . ”
In a further display of downright common sense , Taylor notes that piracy is “ simply demand where supply does not exist , ” and that the use of “ pointless protection mechanisms ” simply “ restricts a person ’s ability , as a creator , to be discovered . ”
It ’s been said a million times before , but the entertainment industries simply must find a way to compete with free .
Services like Spotify are a step in the right direction , but their over - protective structures have the turning circle of a supertanker and unfortunately for them , something needs to be done right now .
That “ something ” is not new legislation either .
With pragmatic individuals like Alice Taylor speaking up for common sense and telling it how it is without all the usual corporate waffle , hopefully we can get there sooner rather than later .
A Slut's Manifesta
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
You 're looking at the latest 10 entries .
Missed some entries ?
Then simply jump back 10 entries May 15th , 2015 Security : Subject : manifesta Time : 09:01 am
I have started to sleep around .
I sleep with men I am not dating .
I sleep with men and refuse to date them , actually .
I come to their houses , fuck them , say thank you for a nice time , and do n't let the door hit me on the ass on the way out .
You might think this is a pretty good deal , but it is not .
Because I fuck and tell .
Because I 'm pissed .
Because when you set the bar so low it scrapes the ground ( basic human decency + an orgasm will do , thank you very much ) , and men still manage to squeeze under it rather than just stumble over it , a woman must wonder what sort of parallel universe of dating jackassery she 's entered .
I am in my late 30s .
I 'm well - educated , employed , and independent .
I have a pretty good body and a pretty great life .
I am no longer willing to accept behavior in men I date that I would not accept from anyone else , for any other reason .
None of you have magical dicks .
None of you .
And even if you did have a dick that was magical , I would not tolerate what passes for normal behavior from you .
I do n't care if it vibrates me into multiple orgasms .
I do n't care if it makes my calves cramp , or the little hairs on the back of my neck stand at rapt attention .
I do n't care if it cooks dinner and does the fucking dishes .
It 's just not worth it .
This is my manifesta .
I have taken down my profile , I am buying a vibrator , and I 'm going to start spilling secrets .
By way of an introduction : I have started to sleep around .
I sleep with men I am not dating .
I sleep with men and refuse to date them , actually .
I come to their houses , fuck them , say thank you for a nice time , and do n't let the door hit me on the ass on the way out .
You might think this is a pretty good deal , but it is not .
Because I fuck and tell .
Because I 'm pissed .
Because when you set the bar so low it scrapes the ground ( basic human decency + an orgasm will do , thank you very much ) , and men still manage to squeeze under it rather than just stumble over it , a woman must wonder what sort of parallel universe of dating jackassery she 's entered .
I am in my late 30s .
I 'm well - educated , employed , and independent .
I have a pretty good body and a pretty great life .
I am no longer willing to accept behavior in men I date that I would not accept from anyone else , for any other reason .
None of you have magical dicks .
None of you .
And even if you did have a dick that was magical , I would not tolerate what passes for normal behavior from you .
I do n't care if it vibrates me into multiple orgasms .
I do n't care if it makes my calves cramp , or the little hairs on the back of my neck stand at rapt attention .
I do n't care if it cooks dinner and does the fucking dishes .
It 's just not worth it .
This is my manifesta .
I have taken down my profile , I am buying a vibrator , and I 'm going to start spilling secrets .
comments : 62 comments or Leave a comment
July 1st , 2014 Security : Subject : postcard from Austin , TX Time : 12:25 pm " Well helo wow , and u are " I write you from Austin , my new virtual home .
Forty messages in , I think it 's time to get the lay of the land here in Texas .
As usual , there are a few of the " heyyy " messages , but they are generally short and boring and I delete them as quickly as they come in .
OKC should create a filter for any message with an extra " y " in " hey " or any extra " x "s anywhere .
Men , those extra letters make you sound like a third rate porn star from the 70s .
A number of men hope to meet up with me , for :
1. loving , relationship - sex ( I 'm sure you wo n't believe me but I 've never been into one nite stands .
I 'm more about building a relationship , for me sex gets better with time ) 2 . really good , slow sex ( Well having sex is good but making love takes patience slow do n't get in a hurry touch feel the warms between each other .
Kiss hold do n't let go .
Had it but was taken away hurts trying to get it back but .. do n't know ) I got one request for deflowerment :
Would you be my first ?
It can be completely casual or whatever you want " Please do yourself a favor and wait until you find someone you know and care about .
Trust me when I say it 's so much better " -- Jane
Happily , I only got one nasty message :
Need to borrow some money for a trip to the shrink ?
Can you say wheels off ?
Maybe your opinion of men is because you are so fucked in the head , you attract fucked up dudes !
Freak
And then , the best for last , I got some really nice and thoughtful messages from the sorts of men I wish I could meet as my true self , but sadly , nice me never hears from these guys or , if I do , they turn out not to be as nice as they seem initially .
( Actual ) nice guys !
Write some of those nice messages to real women on OKC !
One of them might be me and , trust me , even if she 's not me , you might be pleasantly surprised by what women have to offer if you treat them with a little respect !
Angry Jane Doe ,
I read , rapt , the entirety of your profile .
I am in a bad place emotionally today , and your writing nailed some of the irritation of this site and dating in general .
Combine this with my general malaise and it was a perfect storm of disappointment , disillusionment , shame for being a man , enough self - awareness to realize I was probably also guilty of the behavior you discussed at one time or another , or many .
I have rarely felt so low .
And so alive .
Yet I was also lifted up and pierced in the soul to hear about that feeling before your first time , your heartbeat in your chest , the anticipation .
Maybe , just maybe , that 's what I need and want in my life .
I can't figure out how to express that in a OKC profile .
And now I can't without plagiarizing , ha ha .
I am going to continue to read on Tumblr later tonight .
Thank you .
I might be a step closer to finding what I 'm missing .
and I 'm going to save your profile and every once in a while reread it to help me stay a decent person . :)
No in - box is complete without a few cut and pastes :
would you like to spend time with an affectionate , smart , interesting guy ?
I 'm an intelligent , fun guy to hang around with and go out with .
I 'll definitely keep you laughing and smiling .
Is n't the weather great .
What kind of fun are you having today ?
I'm Patric btw
Hi , I really love your smile .
Very nice .
You sound like a positive woman ready to meet a great guy .
I 'm interested to know more .
I 'm afraid this last fellow has confused my tits for my eyes .
Common error , I 'm afraid .
Gentlemen : if you are n't going to read the profile , at least look at all the pictures !
comments : 3 comments or Leave a comment
June 26th , 2014 Security : Subject : " I said yes I said yes I will Yes " Time : 12:10 pm no and I also had a hard time saying yes .
This was particularly uncomfortable because I was an anti-rape activist , but it takes awhile for ideas to settle deeply into the mind and heart .
Fortunately for me , I avoided the sorts of places where a woman who was not yet comfortable with her sexuality could fall prey to men who take advantage of sexual ambivalence .
I wish I could have said the same thing about many of my female friends , but their experiences helped confirm the fact that there are men who will decide that a slip in vigilance is just wide enough for him to shove his dick in .
Two decades later , it seems we have , once again , discovered rape .
It 's maddening , really , to hear lectures from politicians and pundits who decide that they need to mansplain what women of my generation already know .
Did you know that RAPE ??
they say .
Rape is happening !
You have to protect yourselves !!
Of course , as soon as the chattering class discovers rape , we have to hear about how rape hurts men , too .
It 's enough to make a slut want to lock her front door and finally get around to scrapbooking all those unsolicited dick pics she 's collected .
Even this newest precocious baby of a solution , the one where we segue from " no means no " to " yes means yes " has a crotchety old grandmother who 's been telling you all along to look both ways before hopping into bed .
I told you so , she mutters to herself before returning to her cross stitch of a dick pic from way back when .
I remember all the hand wringing and pointy jokes and anti-feminist backlash Antioch College faced in '91 when they tried to make consent more explicit .
Sex will be awkward !
Sex wo n't be sexy !
Men will get accused of rape !
There is plenty of satire , but the irony seems lost on these people : rape is awkward ; rape is not sexy ; rape is the opposite of all that , particularly for the victim .
That 's the thing about being a victim .
No matter what men's rights jackasses say , being a victim is not empowering .
Being a victim means someone did something to you against your will .
No one chooses to be a victim .
The only one who makes the choice is the one who chooses to victimize another .
We also get to hear , again , a variation on this old theme : most boys and men do not rape ; it 's only a small handful of perverts lurking in the bushes or in the corners of a frat party that are ruining things for the rest of us nice guys .
That argument does not do much to explain the
I remember learning that one of the best ways to get a nice guy to stop raping you is to say , " stop , you 're raping me . "
That or pee on him , but who wants to pee on a " nice guy " who is just a little " confused " about what you meant when you pulled away and asked him to stop , particularly when this guy is part of your social circle ?
I 'll save my pee for that stranger lurking in the bushes , thank you .
All this attention to consent is really for those " nice guys , " the ones who want to get their dick sucked by hook or by crook and still be a nice guy .
We just have to get those guys to understand that consent is not an obstacle or an awkward inconvenience .
Allow a slut to weigh in on this matter : Consent is hot , and that 's not just a marketing scheme .
I 've slept with enough men to know that it 's the only kind of sex I want to have .
I get the sense my trysts appreciate consent too because who does n't want to hear that they are hot and make me hot and I want to press my body as deeply around them as I possibly can ?
Who does n't want to hear , Yes I said yes I will Yes ?
I 'm not sure a law is the best way to tackle rape culture , but at least it 's a start .
The language is unsexy -- as laws tend to be -- but enacting the spirit of those words can be the best part of fucking .
If you can't figure out how to make consent hot , then you really have no business handling my best china and I have no interest in going up to see your etchings .
Even an increasingly crotchety slut must have standards , after all .
Look : James Joyce figured it out .
You can too : I asked him with my eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first I put my arms around him yes and drew him down to me so he could feel my breasts all perfume yes and his heart was going like mad and yes I said yes I will Yes .
Go Molly !
Yes is not something you get to .
It is not something you take .
It is a gift .
If we could all receive it with a little more grace , I think the world would be a better place for sluts and nice girls and even nice ( if confused ) guys .
I went to college in the era of Take Back the Night marches , back when " no means no " was still a new and controversial concept .
Back then , I had a hard time sayingand I also had a hard time saying .
This was particularly uncomfortable because I was an anti-rape activist , but it takes awhile for ideas to settle deeply into the mind and heart .
Fortunately for me , I avoided the sorts of places where a woman who was not yet comfortable with her sexuality could fall prey to men who take advantage of sexual ambivalence .
I wish I could have said the same thing about many of my female friends , but their experiences helped confirm the fact that there are men who will decide that a slip in vigilance is just wide enough for him to shove his dick in .
Two decades later , it seems we have , once again , discovered rape .
It 's maddening , really , to hear lectures from politicians and pundits who decide that they need to mansplain what women of my generation already know .??
they say .
Of course , as soon as the chattering class discovers rape , we have to hear about how rape hurts men , too .
It 's enough to make a slut want to lock her front door and finally get around to scrapbooking all those unsolicited dick pics she 's collected .
Even this newest precocious baby of a solution , the one where we segue from " no means no " to " yes means yes " has a crotchety old grandmother who 's been telling you all along to look both ways before hopping into bed .
she mutters to herself before returning to her cross stitch of a dick pic from way back when .
I remember all the hand wringing and pointy jokes and anti-feminist backlash Antioch College faced in '91 when they tried to make consent more explicit .
There is plenty of satire , but the irony seems lost on these people : rape is awkward ; rape is not sexy ; rape is theof all that , particularly for the victim .
That 's the thing about being a victim .
No matter what men's rights jackasses say , being a victim is not empowering .
Being a victim means someone did somethingyou against your will .
No one chooses to be a victim .
The only one who makes the choice is the one who chooses to victimize another .
We also get to hear , again , a variation on this old theme : most boys and men do not rape ; it 's only a small handful of perverts lurking in the bushes or in the corners of a frat party that are ruining things for the rest of us nice guys .
That argument does not do much to explain the Glen Ridge case or , decades later , the Steubenville case , or my own post - college experience with a nice guy who was just " confused . "
Indeed , the whole nice guy deserves the girl through his adorable persistence argument Arthur Chu made recently underscores the fact that thinking you are a " nice guy " can make you even more dangerous than that creepster I grew up thinking lurked behind every bush .
I never once met that creepster , but I sure have met a lot of " nice guys " who felt entitled to my attentions and I have a large collection of nasty messages from those " nice guys " who show their true colors when I turn them down .
I remember learning that one of the best ways to get a nice guy to stop raping you is to say , " stop , you 're raping me . "
That or pee on him , but who wants to pee on a " nice guy " who is just a little " confused " about what you meant when you pulled away and asked him to stop , particularly when this guy is part of your social circle ?
I 'll save my pee for that stranger lurking in the bushes , thank you .
All this attention to consent is really for those " nice guys , " the ones who want to get their dick sucked by hook or by crookstill be a nice guy .
We just have to get those guys to understand that consent is not an obstacle or an awkward inconvenience .
Allow a slut to weigh in on this matter : Consent is hot , and that 's not just a marketing scheme .
I 've slept with enough men to know that it 's the only kind of sex I want to have .
I get the sense my trysts appreciate consent too because who does n't want to hear that they are hot and make me hot and I want to press my body as deeply around them as I possibly can ?
Who does n't want to hear , I 'm not sure a law is the best way to tackle rape culture , but at least it 's a start .
The language is unsexy -- as laws tend to be -- but enacting the spirit of those words can be the best part of fucking .
If you can't figure out how to make consent hot , then you really have no business handling my best china and I have no interest in going up to see your etchings .
Even an increasingly crotchety slut must have standards , after all .
Look : James Joyce figured it out .
You can too : Go Molly !
Yes is not something you get to .
It is not something you take .
It is a gift .
If we could all receive it with a little more grace , I think the world would be a better place for sluts and nice girls and even nice ( if confused ) guys .
comments : Leave a comment
May 11th , 2014 Security : Subject : not - kissing -> kissing .
Time : 07:35 pm
You know what I think about a lot ?
I think about how people go from not - kissing to kissing .
At any given moment , somewhere in the world , there are people who are not - kissing and then , following some imperceptible communication , some shifting of perception , they are kissing .
It 's amazing .
Not - kissing ; kissing .
Apart ; together .
The rest comes pretty easily , I find , once you 've gone from not - kissing to kissing .
Awhile back , I found myself mired in that space between not - kissing and kissing .
I went out more than a few times with a nice , interesting , good - looking man , but no matter where we ended the evening : in my car , on the subway , on the sidewalk , at a doorstep , in a garden -- no matter where , we slipped from not - kissing to not - kissing and I took my unsmooched lips home for another night alone .
So yes , I started thinking about that transition , and I tried to remember times in the past when I went from not - kissing to kissing .
There was the first man I kissed , sitting together on the sidewalk of a small village in Europe where I was spending a year .
We were drunk , and we were joking around the way you do when you know you need an excuse to go from not - kissing to kissing .
And then we were kissing and our teeth clicked and he said , " easy there " and I made a mental note : do n't bare your teeth when you kiss .
I was sixteen .
Yes , I was sweet sixteen and never been kissed .
There was the woman I briefly dated in college .
We had walked around our college town for what seemed like hours , talking about this and that and kind of circling each other , not sure what to do next .
Until she asked , " so , do you take off your glasses when you kiss ? " and I laughed and said , " good line , " and then we were kissing .
There was the man who sat in my living room , afraid to kiss me because he might like me too much .
Then we were kissing , and he did like me too much , and that led to a world of trouble .
There was my college sweetheart and we were sitting together in his idling car and he had professed to being madly obsessed with me , which I had failed to notice in my own mad obsession with his self - absorbed friend .
Then it was all very clear that this beautiful man was the one I should have seen all along , and so I stroked the back of his neck and our first kisses felt like butterflies .
There was the man I dated for many years , and we were also in his car , and he kissed me but refused to come in .
He liked me enough that there was no need to rush .
There was the man who was my kryptonite , holding his face over mine , breathing gently into my own breath in that suspended moment between not - kissing and kissing .
There was the woman I dated while in graduate school , watching me with a bemused expression after we both got out of her car at my apartment .
I fiddled with my keys and said , " I guess this is the part where I look sweet and hope you 'll kiss me , " and then we were kissing .
How do we manage it , really ?
How do we move around in the world , self - contained and unique and then there 's someone and you both exude this pheromone or this sparkle of what - if ?
and then you feel the gentle pull of tunnel vision and then there 's kissing .
When I think about the lengths people go to find someone to love , the elaborate tricks we 're supposed to play , the manufactured emotions , the repressed feelings , the games and subterfuge , the booming industry of people who will tell us how to do it , I remember that moment between not - kissing and kissing .
Surely all that advice , the desperate belief that if we do it right , it 'll work , all those rules -- surely they are not how we get from not - kissing to kissing .
Surely they only sully a moment that should be as fantastical as they were for me , on that sidewalk , in my living room , in a car , wherever , because those sorts of details only fade away when you go from not - kissing to kissing .
comments : 5 comments or Leave a comment
May 10th , 2014 Security : Subject : blueprint Time : 10:32 am
In the summer after I graduated college , I was date raped .
I had moved to a new city where I knew no one , but within a week , I had secured invitations to various parties .
At one of those parties , I met a man and , later that night , I found myself upstairs in his house , on my back , on his bed .
I felt something cold and smooth and solid on my skin .
When he shoved it into my vagina , I realized it was ice .
" Wait ! " I said .
" Wait . "
I pushed back and up to escape the painful cold , and felt something sticky dribbling between the lips of my vagina .
He started to lick me .
" Wait " I said again .
I felt cold , sticky panic wash over me .
I touched my hands to my face .
Honey .
I pulled myself up and away from him and went into the bathroom .
" Do you want to take a shower ? " he asked .
" Yes , " I say .
I go into the shower .
The walls of the bathroom were white .
There was a mirror over the sink .
The shower had small almost - round tiles .
There was a red light above the shower stall .
I felt the water on my skin and then he was there , in the shower with me , and then he was fucking me and I was leaning against the wall , stunned .
" Wait . Wait , " I whisper .
" Wait . "
Out of the shower , wrapped in a towel , my legs shaky , I lean down onto the bed and he pulls back the bedsheets .
" I did n't want to fuck you , " I say , as surprised as he appears to hear those words come out of my mouth .
" You . " " Raped . " " Me . " I say , discovering each word as I utter it .
" No , I did n't , " he says .
" You said yes before . "
It 's true : I had gone up to his bedroom , and I had kissed him and let him take off my clothing .
And I had waited in his bed when he went downstairs to get what I thought was a beer .
I drop the issue .
It does n't matter .
I can't go home , I realize .
It 's late , and I do n't know the city , and he lives in a bad neighborhood .
I have no money for a cab , and I do n't know where to find a cab , anyway .
I do n't want to make a scene .
So I lie down in his bed , feeling my damp hair slowly spread in a wet crown around my head .
Soon , he 's breathing evenly and I lie there , looking up at the ceiling , mottled with shadows .
A few hours later , the shadows turn more pink and I get up slowly and quietly and let myself out of the house to find my way home .
The question I 've asked myself in the ensuing years is not why did he rape me ?
but rather why did I let him rape me ?
I was a badass anti-rape activist in college .
There were men who were afraid to speak to me , presumably because they were afraid of my magical powers .
Where were my magical powers that night ?
Why did n't I say " stop , you 're raping me , " as I had instructed other women to do ?
Why did n't I punch him in the gut ?
Why did I , instead , give up ?
Why did I say " wait " instead of " stop " ?
Why did I leave myself there , undefended , stunned ?
I 'm not sure where I learned to be a victim and , until then , I had n't realized how well I 'd learned that lesson .
Last evening , I watched Nine and a Half Weeks for the first time since college , and I discovered where he learned his lessons .
There , on the screen , Micky Rourke 's character , John , seduces the protagonist , Elizabeth , with ice .
He blindfolds her , despite her protestations , and teases her flesh with an ice cube -- across the landscape of her profile , over her hard nipples , melting into the tight slit of her belly button .
John takes the ice cube in his mouth , sucks on it , and then leans towards her body , and when I saw that scene , I felt the ice cube slipping into my vagina , uninvited and achingly cold .
In an ensuing scene , John instructs Elizabeth to close her eyes while he feeds her food .
At the end of the scene , he dribbles honey onto her tongue and then across her thighs .
Later , he 's fucking her in an alleyway , under a shower of water .
The blueprint of my rape , right there .
In a movie classified as an " erotic drama . "
And it worked for Micky Rourke , so why not for this man with me ?
My rape was scripted .
I can rent it .
It 's an erotic drama .
Later in the movie , John actually does rape Elizabeth -- if you consider grabbing a woman who is trying to leave your apartment and throwing her down on your table , ripping off her underwear and fucking her as she fights you " rape . "
I do .
Like me , she stays with him , waking up in his bed .
Unlike me , she stays .
I leave .
I walk home that cold gray morning in a city I do not yet know , alone and weak .
I crawl into my bed and wrap myself in blankets .
I try to sleep , but I am lost and I know it .
I trust no one because I have betrayed myself .
I am not safe .
For a long time , I am afraid .
comments : 10 comments or Leave a comment
May 4th , 2014 Security : Subject : The Talking Vegan Doll Time : 07:18 pm
That 's what I pictured every time he announced his vegan principles .
I imagined a doll with a string in its back .
Anytime the opportunity came up , it was like someone had pulled the string and , over and over , in the exact same way , he made his statement :
" I 'm a vegan .
I believe that human beings do not have the right to let non -human animals suffer so that humans can lead more comfortable lives or eat meat or use any animal products . "
If anyone tried to offer a different ethics of food , or human - animal relationships , or whatever , he would reply that they were wrong and he was right .
If necessary , he re-pulled the string in his back so that he could repeat his Statement of Principle .
And he walked the walk .
I respected that .
He ate nothing produced by an animal , even honey .
He wore nothing made from animals , even silk .
He supported vegan restaurants and listened to vegan podcasts .
And he repeated that mantra over and over and over and over .
He lived in a world of moral purity , which sure is a tempting place to stay since , in that world , you never have to experience the anxiety of cognitive dissonance .
Until one night , I was driving him back to his place .
In the fading light of evening , we both saw the small cat thrashing on the side of the road in the same instant .
I stopped the car and got out .
" What are you doing ? " he asked .
" I 'm going to bring this cat to the animal ER to be euthanized . "
He slowly trailed me as I made my way over to the animal .
Behind my back , I heard him say , " can you drop me off at home , first ? "
The ER was in one direction .
His house was in the other direction .
Driving him home would mean that the fatally injured cat would have to suffer in my car for an additional twenty minutes
I did n't have to reply to this request , however , because as I approached the cat , she stopped breathing and lay still .
I know my instincts are not the normal ones in cases like these .
Many people ( including the owner of the car that hit her ) drove by this injured cat .
I , by contrast , have brought many dying animals to the ER to be euthanized because I believe that there can be a good death and a bad death and that animals deserve good deaths .
In the world of my dreams , where my fantastical images are actually real , I would pull that string in his back as we walked back to the car .
He would say , " I 'm a vegan .
I believe that human beings do not have the right to let non -human animals suffer so that humans can lead more comfortable lives or eat meat or use any animal products . "
And if I had it all to do again , I would have driven away , leaving him sharing the shoulder of the road with the newly dead , still warm animal he was willing to let suffer so he could go home , where he could cook himself a vegan dinner and listen to a vegan podcast and enjoy the frisson of knowing you 're better than everyone else .
comments : 7 comments or Leave a comment
April 23rd , 2014 Security : Subject : one man 's reaction Time : 03:40 pm
[ 6:40:16 pm ] random guy : do you feel like talking to me
[ 6:40:55 pm ] random guy : was reading your profile and then the phone rang
[ 6:41:52 pm ] random guy : if you ever find or fuck someone you are in love with it is much better
[ 6:42:24 pm ] random guy : i guess i mean makeing love is better than fucking
[ 6:42:37 pm ] random guy : much much better
[ 6:43:09 pm ] random guy : never give up on anything
[ 6:43:38 pm ] random guy : i have before but then changed my mind
[ 6:47:25 pm ] random guy : i have always wanted to haveme a wife to love but for some reason i dont know why , i guess i will just not marry anybody unless i am absolutely posative that it will be forever and thatds not very long for most people these days
[ 6:48:50 pm ] random guy : so dont feel alone and dont do things to yourself out of anger
[ 6:50:06 pm ] random guy : women have always been my best freinds in life starting with my mother and my sister
[ 6:51:00 pm ] random guy : : all men are not bad and neither are women
[ 6:56:19 pm ] random guy : have a good night .
[ 7:21:51 pm ] random guy : iam not trying to fuck anybody on here .
most of the women on here are stuck up with their heads up there ass and would not know a good man if he bit them on the ass
[ 7:22:23 pm ] random guy : but it would be nice to chat with somefucking boody
[ 7:23:14 pm ] random guy : i guess i am not tom cruise or whats his dam name
[ 7:23:33 pm ] random guy : that other asshole lol
[ 7:24:21 pm ] random guy : i have a joke for you
[ 7:24:40 pm ] random guy : would you like to fucking hear it
[ 7:25:00 pm ] random guy : it is a yes or no answer
[ 7:25:30 pm ] random guy : a yes
[ 7:25:52 pm ] random guy : b fuck off and leave me alone
[ 7:26:26 pm ] random guy : hello
[ 7:26:59 pm ] random guy : this is cpt james t kirk of the uss enterprise
[ 7:27:22 pm ] random guy : is there any intellagent life out there
[ 7:27:53 pm ] random guy : i am going to tell it to you anyway
[ 7:28:12 pm ] random guy : ill take that as a yes then lol
[ 7:28:55 pm ] random guy : it would be nice if you could take those pretty boobs of yours off the screen
[ 7:29:17 pm ] random guy : anyway back to the joke
[ 7:29:48 pm ] random guy : do you know how to make a long story short ???
[ 7:30:09 pm ] random guy : dont tell it lol
[ 7:30:27 pm ] random guy : you are probably not laughing
[ 7:30:50 pm ] random guy : say something even if its wrong
[ 7:31:08 pm ] random guy : are you still pissed
[ 7:31:32 pm ] random guy : shurely you are not pissed at me
[ 7:31:48 pm ] random guy : did i spell that wright
[ 7:32:03 pm ] angryjanedoe : surely
[ 7:32:23 pm ] random guy : some women are looking for a spelling champion i think
[ 7:32:32 pm ] random guy : thank you
[ 7:33:10 pm ] random guy : am i boreing you to death
[ 7:33:41 pm ] random guy : i type with one finger like a chicken pecking lol
[ 7:34:05 pm ] random guy : so if i am i guess i could give it a rest
[ 7:34:26 pm ] random guy : do you hate all men ??
[ 7:35:05 pm ] random guy : i love women even though i guess i have chosen the wrong ones for me try not to be angry inside it only hurts you not the other people
[ 7:36:24 pm ] random guy : you dont want to fill yourself up with that
[ 7:36:51 pm ] random guy : i dont like to see anyone unhappy
[ 7:37:21 pm ] random guy : just make it your choice
[ 7:38:00 pm ] random guy : you are to well lets just say you have a lot going for you
[ 7:38:40 pm ] random guy : did i spell anything else wrong ???
lol
[ 7:39:16 pm ] random guy : i never gave a shit about english or school
[ 7:39:45 pm ] random guy : no dam adverb was going to make me any money
[ 7:40:35 pm ] random guy : i learned alot more on the job working
[ 7:41:36 pm ] random guy : quit fucking all those assholes and find you a good man like god wanted you to have
[ 7:44:04 pm ] random guy : goodnight again
the next morning :
random guy : trick er treat lol
random guy : good morning princess
random guy : at least i am laughing
random guy : i need a spelling lesson
random guy : can you spell leave me the fuck alone for me
random guy : will you be my neighbor
random guy : its hard not to notice you with those beutifull things all over the screen
random guy : and then your long fuck story lol
random guy : i have a joke for u
random guy : would you like to hear it
random guy : or read it rather
random guy : you are not being very nice again maryjane
random guy : if you dont answer me i am going to sing kiss an angel good morning
[ 6:40:00 pm ] random guy : how are you this evening [ 6:40:16 pm ] random guy : do you feel like talking to me [ 6:40:55 pm ] random guy : was reading your profile and then the phone rang [ 6:41:52 pm ] random guy : if you ever find or fuck someone you are in love with it is much better [ 6:42:24 pm ] random guy : i guess i mean makeing love is better than fucking [ 6:42:37 pm ] random guy : much much better [ 6:43:09 pm ] random guy : never give up on anything [ 6:43:38 pm ] random guy : i have before but then changed my mind [ 6:47:25 pm ] random guy : i have always wanted to haveme a wife to love but for some reason i dont know why , i guess i will just not marry anybody unless i am absolutely posative that it will be forever and thatds not very long for most people these days [ 6:48:50 pm ] random guy : so dont feel alone and dont do things to yourself out of anger [ 6:50:06 pm ] random guy : women have always been my best freinds in life starting with my mother and my sister [ 6:51:00 pm ] random guy : : all men are not bad and neither are women [ 6:56:19 pm ] random guy : have a good night .
[ 7:21:51 pm ] random guy : iam not trying to fuck anybody on here .
most of the women on here are stuck up with their heads up there ass and would not know a good man if he bit them on the ass [ 7:22:23 pm ] random guy : but it would be nice to chat with somefucking boody [ 7:23:14 pm ] random guy : i guess i am not tom cruise or whats his dam name [ 7:23:33 pm ] random guy : that other asshole lol [ 7:24:21 pm ] random guy : i have a joke for you [ 7:24:40 pm ] random guy : would you like to fucking hear it [ 7:25:00 pm ] random guy : it is a yes or no answer [ 7:25:30 pm ] random guy : a yes [ 7:25:52 pm ] random guy : b fuck off and leave me alone [ 7:26:26 pm ] random guy : hell o [ 7:26:59 pm ] random guy : this is cpt james t kirk of the uss enterprise [ 7:27:22 pm ] random guy : is there any intellagent life out there [ 7:27:53 pm ] random guy : i am going to tell it to you anyway [ 7:28:12 pm ] random guy : ill take that as a yes then lol [ 7:28:55 pm ] random guy : it would be nice if you could take those pretty boobs of yours off the screen [ 7:29:17 pm ] random guy : anyway back to the joke [ 7:29:48 pm] random guy : do you know how to make a long story short ??? [ 7:30:09 pm ] random guy : dont tell it lol [ 7:30:27 pm ] random guy : you are probably not laughing [ 7:30:50 pm ] random guy : say something even if its wrong [ 7:31:08 pm ] random guy : are you still pissed [ 7:31:32 pm ] random guy : shurely you are not pissed at me [ 7:31:48 pm ] random guy : did i spell that wright [ 7:32:03 pm ] angryjanedoe : surely [ 7:32:23 pm ] random guy : some women are looking for a spelling champion i think [ 7:32:32 pm ] random guy : thank you [ 7:33:10 pm ] random guy : am i boreing you to death [ 7:33:41 pm ] random guy : i type with one finger like a chicken pecking lol [ 7:34:05 pm ] random guy : so if i am i guess i could give it a rest [ 7:34:26 pm ] random guy : do you hate all men ??[ 7:35:05 pm ] random guy : i love women even though i guess i have chosen the wrong ones for me try not to be angry inside it only hurts you not the other people [ 7:36:24 pm ] random guy : you dont want to fill yourself up with that [ 7:36:51 pm ] random guy : i dont like to see anyone unhappy [ 7:37:21 pm ] random guy : just make it your choice [ 7:38:00 pm ] random guy : you are to well lets just say you have a lot going for you [ 7:38:40 pm ] random guy : did i spell anything else wrong ??? lol [ 7:39:16 pm ] random guy : i never gave a shit about english or school [ 7:39:45 pm ] random guy : no dam adverb was going to make me any money [ 7:40:35 pm ] random guy : i learned alot more on the job working [ 7:41:36 pm ] random guy : quit fucking all those assholes and find you a good man like god wanted you to have [ 7:44:04 pm ] random guy : goodnight againthe next morning : random guy : trick er treat lolrandom guy : good morning princessrandom guy : at least i am laughingrandom guy : i need a spelling lessonrandom guy : can you spell leave me the fuck alone for merandom guy : will you be my neighborrandom guy : its hard not to notice you with those beutifull things all over the screenrandom guy : and then your long fuck story lolrandom guy : i have a joke for urandom guy : would you like to hear itrandom guy : or read it ratherrandom guy : you are not being very nice again maryjanerandom guy : if you dont answer me i am going to sing kiss an angel good morning comments : 15 comments or Leave a comment
Security : Subject : The Ice Cream Man Time : 11:09 am I fucked a man my friends called the Ice Cream Man for a few months .
It was supposed to be a one night stand , but sex was amazing and our bodies fit together well , and so we met up about once a week , always at his house , for recreational sex .
The first night , I was greeted by a house festooned with flickering candles , pretty music playing , and the table laid out for dinner ( grilled salmon , fresh salad , homemade pie , a bottle of expensive wine ) .
While I appreciate a man who knows that he should appreciate me , I was really there for sex , so I took him by the hand , led him up the stairs , and we fucked gloriously .
When we were done , I agreed to dinner , after which I straddled him where he sat at the table and gave him a lap dance while finishing off my wine .
Then I said thank you for a nice time and went home .
Although he had assured me that first night that he just liked candles , and liked that music , and always ate nice dinners , things changed pretty quickly , and I never again saw a candle , or heard music , or ate any food .
By the time I went over there for my third fuck , we just went right upstairs , pulled off each other 's clothing , and got right to it .
When we were done , I woud lie there for a few minutes , say thank you for a nice time , and hustle myself out of there .
Partly , I kept my entry and exit niceties quick so we could have as much time fucking as possible .
I was pretty busy with the rest of my social life , and often shoehorned him into a spare hour between getting home from work and going out for the evening .
This is how he got his nickname , actually .
I rushed into a dinner party late , with my hair dishevelled , my clothes misbuttoned , and my my cheeks flushed , and my friends asked , " Oh , did the Ice Cream Man give you another treat this evening ? "
" You know , you really should n't have dessert before dinner , " another joked , and I assured them that this particular ice cream sundae had only made me hungrier .
" It had rainbow sprinkles on top ! " I 'd tell them .
" Delicious . "
The other reason I made a quick exit after fucking was that he was one of the biggest jerks I 'd ever met .
I did n't want him to talk a whole lot because everything he said was so arrogant , so presumptious , so cynical .
He would tell me about stupid little interpersonal power struggles he had with people at work , and about how he had showed them and I thought , " your poor coworkers . "
I would stop his mouth with a kiss and try to focus on the fucking , and not his rhapsodies about veal , his bragging about photographing models ( who were all hot , but stupid ) , his boring obsession with some college football team , etc .
That was the paradox of this man : being a jerk made him my perfect fuck buddy .
He was as flat and uninteresting as pale beige paint ; he had no idea that I had any interior life because he did n't see people as more than surfaces ; he was arrogant and self - important and he never thought to ask me why I insisted on fucking men without romance , or what I thought or felt about anything , or how my day had been , or any of the other things you might do with a person .
He was completely not perplexed by me , which set him apart from all the other men I fucked .
And because of all these distasteful things , I felt safer with him than I had with anyone else for a very long time .
I could keep my private little interior world to myself , which was how I needed things to be at that point in my life .
Not needing to patrol my boundaries made me safe in a way I craved .
The thing with Ice Cream Men is this : they dispense these great , unexpected treats when they show up in your part of town , but they are often creepy jerks who are nasty to their customers , and when they drive away , they leave behind the echo of an annoying , inane , dissonant tune repeating itself over and over and over in an endless loop .
And when I 've finished my ice cream and can still hear that damned music tinkling around my neighborhood , all I can think is shut up shut up shut up because no ice cream cone -- even one with rainbow sprinkles -- is worth such annoyance .
Except for this : I felt safe with him , and sometimes , I even miss him .
comments : 4 comments or Leave a comment
April 21st , 2014 Security : Subject : Angles Time : 09:40 am
Even if you think you know what you are doing , do yourself and women everywhere a favor and listen to me .
I have spent delightful time with my mouth and tongue pressed into a woman 's pussy .
I have felt her open up to me , felt moisture seep out to greet my tongue , felt her arch her back to press into my mouth , and felt her come around my fingers .
I have also felt my tongue go numb , my jaw cramp , my whole face start to ache with the effort .
When my first girlfriend went down on me , I thought I am blooming I am blooming .
I felt myself open up to her and it was glorious .
So maybe that 's why I die a little death ( and not in the Shakesperean sense ) when a man proclaims that he loves the taste of pussy , because a man like that can get so wrapped up with smearing his face in my pussy that he forgets some basic anatomical truths .
I worry about this kind of man , because he 's so in love with his love of the pussy that he forgets that it 's attached to me .
I get bored and start reviewing my shopping list and he does n't even notice .
He looks up from between my legs like some dumb happy puppy and I think maybe I should get a cat .
You stalk the clit with your tongue ; you dance around her edges ; you tantalize her ; you press on that which presses against her .
Then , when I am quivering with desire , desperate , THEN you can go ahead and move in on her and give her the attention she deserves .
When we scoot backwards , or adjust your head with our hands , or wince , or push our legs together , it 's TOO EARLY .
Then there 's the man who gingerly sticks out the tip of his tongue -- you know , the part that has no tastebuds ( or so he ardently hopes ) -- and sort of touches my pussy , as if that 's all it takes and he 's taking one for the team doing it .
My pussy is not a flagpole on a cold winter day .
You do n't get a trophy at the end of the season for touching it with your tongue .
The worst , however , is when a man slips off the edge of the bed , hikes up my thighs , and does what feels like a gynecological exam with his tongue .
While he 's apparently trying to crawl into my womb , I 'm wondering when oral sex started to resemble reverse birthing .
No matter how high I arch my back , or slip my ass off the edge of the bed , I can't get his tongue near my clit .
This man is the worst because he 's made a terribly transparant assumption : that penetration with his tongue is what is going to get a woman off , that penetration alone is anywhere near as delightful as undivided respectful attention to the clit .
" It 's all about angles , " a female friend told me imploringly .
" Tell them it 's all about angles , and their angles are wrong . "
So I 'm here to give you that message : your angles are wrong .
I do n't let men go down on me .
I expect them to offer , of course , but I will turn them down .
In part , I turn them down because letting a man greet my pussy so directly is too intimate for casual sex , but I also turn them down because , odds are , they wo n't know what they are doing and then I 'll have to find a way to stop them .
Better never to let them begin .
Even if you think you know what you are doing , do yourself and women everywhere a favor and listen to me .
I have spent delightful time with my mouth and tongue pressed into a woman 's pussy .
I have felt her open up to me , felt moisture seep out to greet my tongue , felt her arch her back to press into my mouth , and felt her come around my fingers .
I have also felt my tongue go numb , my jaw cramp , my whole face start to ache with the effort .
When my first girlfriend went down on me , I thought I am blooming I am blooming .
I felt myself open up to her and it was glorious .
So maybe that 's why I die a little death ( and not in the Shakesperean sense ) when a man proclaims that he loves the taste of pussy , because a man like that can get so wrapped up with smearing his face in my pussy that he forgets some basic anatomical truths .
I worry about this kind of man , because he 's so in love with his love of the pussy that he forgets that it 's attached to me .
I get bored and start reviewing my shopping list and he does n't even notice .
He looks up from between my legs like some dumb happy puppy and I think maybe I should get a cat .
You stalk the clit with your tongue ; you dance around her edges ; you tantalize her ; you press on that which presses against her .
Then , when I am quivering with desire , desperate , THEN you can go ahead and move in on her and give her the attention she deserves .
When we scoot backwards , or adjust your head with our hands , or wince , or push our legs together , it 's TOO EARLY .
Then there 's the man who gingerly sticks out the tip of his tongue -- you know , the part that has no tastebuds ( or so he ardently hopes ) -- and sort of touches my pussy , as if that 's all it takes and he 's taking one for the team doing it .
My pussy is not a flagpole on a cold winter day .
You do n't get a trophy at the end of the season for touching it with your tongue .
The worst , however , is when a man slips off the edge of the bed , hikes up my thighs , and does what feels like a gynecological exam with his tongue .
While he 's apparently trying to crawl into my womb , I 'm wondering when oral sex started to resemble reverse birthing .
No matter how high I arch my back , or slip my ass off the edge of the bed , I can't get his tongue near my clit .
This man is the worst because he 's made a terribly transparant assumption : that penetration with his tongue is what is going to get a woman off , that penetration alone is anywhere near as delightful as undivided respectful attention to the clit .
" It 's all about angles , " a female friend told me imploringly .
" Tell them it 's all about angles , and their angles are wrong .
" So I 'm here to give you that message : your angles are wrong .
comments : 23 comments or Leave a comment
April 20th , 2014 Security : Subject : Yes , I am Jane Doe Time : 11:53 am
Someone recognized me once on OKC .
His email was titled , " So it is you . "
Seeing an email in Jane 's inbox addressed to me felt like slipping on a patch of ice and landing on my back .
For a moment there , it hurt to breathe .
We had gone out a few months earlier , just as I was starting to sleep around .
I had really hoped for some romantic chemistry with him -- we shared the same obscure interests ; he wrote well ; he did work I respected -- but there just was n't .
It was probably for the best , since he told me on our date that he was planning to move 2000 miles away for a new job .
I considered propositioning him : he was interesting and handsome and , although I had hoped he would be something more than casual sex , I figured casual sex would do .
We decided to go out again , and I figured I would proposition him then .
He said he would call me when he finished up a job , and we would figure out an exact time and location then .
He never called .
I sent him an email asking why he even bothered making plans if he was just going to blow them off .
Did n't it seem like a lot of extra effort , I wondered , when he could just not make plans in the first place ?
He wrote back , apologizing profusely , and admitting that he had completely forgotten because he was overwhelmed with work and moving plans .
I told him that no woman wants to hear she 's forgettable , but I understood and accepted his apology .
And that was that .
So it knocked the air out of my chest to see this email addressed to me in Jane 's inbox .
He thought my entry about the coward was about him ; he apologized again ; he said he hoped I found what I was looking for .
I wrote back ( " Yes ; I am Jane Doe " ) to say that nothing in my manifesta was about him .
He never wrote back .
No one has ever recognized me in Jane again .
( Or , at least , no one has ever told me they recognized me in Jane ) .
I guess people wonder about me -- if I 'm Jane ; if Jane is a sock puppet ; if she 's a creative writing exercise ; if she 's really me ; if I 'm really her .
The thing is , I 'm just another woman .
I 'm forgettable .
People have met me and shrugged their shoulders .
The one man who knows I am Jane did n't want to know any more -- about me or Jane .
It does n't matter who I am .
It does n't matter if I 'm Jane ( I 'm not , exactly ; I 'm me ) .
It does n't matter if Jane is a sock puppet ( she is , but only if you believe that a sock puppet needs someone 's hand to make it move ) .
It does n't matter if Jane is a creative writing exercise ( I 'm not writing fiction here ; this is as true as any manifesto has ever been ) .
It does n't matter if she 's really me or if I 'm really her ( I am her but , as is true for every women , I 'm both more interesting and less interesting than someone who only exists in the cyberfantasy world of the internet ) .
Jane was my solution to what felt like an impossible problem .
She is the disguise I need to say my piece about heterosexual dating in your late thirties / early forties .
She permits me to say things I could never say simply as myself , an actual woman in the real world , with actual friends and lovers and an actual career .
Without Jane , I would have to shut up .
And this is why being discovered felt like slipping on the ice and landing on my back .
I am not done talking , and I do n't want the wind knocked out of me .
For a moment , in that OKC thread , I worried that someone would figure out who I am , and I considered taking everything down and shutting up .
But it was a false alarm .
Besides , I 'm pretty certain that no one really wants to find out who Jane is , because then you would have to know that I 'm just another woman .
Why not , instead , operate on the assumption that everyone you meet has things to say -- that every woman is both more interesting and more boring than Jane ?
( In partial response to this endless thread about Jane on OKC ) .
Someone recognized me once on OKC .
His email was titled , " So it is you . "
Seeing an email in Jane 's inbox addressed to me felt like slipping on a patch of ice and landing on my back .
For a moment there , it hurt to breathe .
We had gone out a few months earlier , just as I was starting to sleep around .
I had really hoped for some romantic chemistry with him -- we shared the same obscure interests ; he wrote well ; he did work I respected -- but there just was n't .
It was probably for the best , since he told me on our date that he was planning to move 2000 miles away for a new job .
I considered propositioning him : he was interesting and handsome and , although I had hoped he would be something more than casual sex , I figured casual sex would do .
We decided to go out again , and I figured I would proposition him then .
He said he would call me when he finished up a job , and we would figure out an exact time and location then .
He never called .
I sent him an email asking why he even bothered making plans if he was just going to blow them off .
Did n't it seem like a lot of extra effort , I wondered , when he could just not make plans in the first place ?
He wrote back , apologizing profusely , and admitting that he had completely forgotten because he was overwhelmed with work and moving plans .
I told him that no woman wants to hear she 's forgettable , but I understood and accepted his apology .
And that was that .
So it knocked the air out of my chest to see this email addressed to me in Jane 's inbox .
He thought my entry about the coward was about him ; he apologized again ; he said he hoped I found what I was looking for .
I wrote back ( " Yes ; I am Jane Doe " ) to say that nothing in my manifesta was about him .
He never wrote back .
No one has ever recognized me in Jane again .
( Or , at least , no one has ever told me they recognized me in Jane ) .
I guess people wonder about me -- if I 'm Jane ; if Jane is a sock puppet ; if she 's a creative writing exercise ; if she 's really me ; if I 'm really her .
The thing is , I 'm just another woman .
I 'm forgettable .
People have met me and shrugged their shoulders .
The one man who knows I am Jane did n't want to know any more -- about me or Jane .
It does n't matter who I am .
It does n't matter if I 'm Jane ( I 'm not , exactly ; I 'm me ) .
It does n't matter if Jane is a sock puppet ( she is , but only if you believe that a sock puppet needs someone 's hand to make it move ) .
It does n't matter if Jane is a creative writing exercise ( I 'm not writing fiction here ; this is as true as any manifesto has ever been ) .
It does n't matter if she 's really me or if I 'm really her ( I am her but , as is true for every women , I 'm both more interesting and less interesting than someone who only exists in the cyberfantasy world of the internet ) .
Jane was my solution to what felt like an impossible problem .
She is the disguise I need to say my piece about heterosexual dating in your late thirties / early forties .
She permits me to say things I could never say simply as myself , an actual woman in the real world , with actual friends and lovers and an actual career .
Without Jane , I would have to shut up .
And this is why being discovered felt like slipping on the ice and landing on my back .
I am not done talking , and I do n't want the wind knocked out of me .
For a moment , in that OKC thread , I worried that someone would figure out who I am , and I considered taking everything down and shutting up .
But it was a false alarm .
Besides , I 'm pretty certain that no one really wants to find out who Jane is , because then you would have to know that I 'm just another woman .
Why not , instead , operate on the assumption that everyone you meet has things to say -- that every woman is both more interesting and more boring than Jane ?
After all , Jane can only be interesting because , when she 's not speaking , she 's just another sock in my drawer , completely forgettable next to that pair of vintage seamed thigh high stockings I bring out for other occasions .
comments : 3 comments or Leave a comment
A Slut's Manifesta
View : Recent Entries .
View : Archive .
View : Friends .
View : Profile .
You 're looking at the latest 10 entries .
Missed some entries ?
Then simply jump back 10 entries
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : inkytwist
2009 -11-25 04:27 pm ( UTC )
I am thankful for halftone patterns .
From : callanhead
2009 -11-25 04:28 pm ( UTC )
harrison looks great in his suit
From : theguindo
2009 -11-25 05:12 pm ( UTC )
My god .
He 's so dapper .
From : nedroidcomics
2009 -11-25 04:40 pm ( UTC )
I 'm sure I have no idea what you mean
From : thebigbadbutch
2009 -11-25 04:34 pm ( UTC )
Harrison looks like a cuter version of Gordon Gekko in his Thanksgiving power suit .
From : theflyingghoti
2009 -11 -26 01:43 am ( UTC )
" He 's a shark .
Sharks are winners , and they do n't look backwards because they have no necks .
Necks are for sheep . "
From : aidosaur
2009 -11-25 04:56 pm ( UTC )
I am thankful that I am not thinking so hard about the implications that Reginald cooked a bird for dinner .
Also , I am thankful for Harrison 's adorable suit .
He could totally be a Sears model !
From : ravenworks
2009 -11-25 05:18 pm ( UTC )
Please , that 's no different than you or I cooking the traditional Christmas Monkey .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -11-25 05:02 pm ( UTC )
That little bird ... is it a friend of Reginald ... or his CHILD ?
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -11-25 05:08 pm ( UTC )
Oh I did n't even notice him !
He 's one of those little duck guys from before !
From : schroduck
2009 -11-25 05:20 pm ( UTC )
I am thankful for the little baby Reginald .
I am not however thankful that I live in country where we only get one turkey eating holiday a year .
You Americans do n't know how lucky you are celebrating both Thanksgiving AND Christmas .
I might have to go out and roast myself a turkey tomorrow and cry into it wishing the calendar would just validate my love of the fat flightless bird .
Or else buy turkey dinosaurs , which in my opinion are Britain 's greatest contribution ever to the word of turkey gastronomy .
From : schroduck
2009-11-25 05:21 pm ( UTC )
Oops , picked the wrong icon by mistake .
The thumbs down does not in any way indicate my opinion of this comic .
From : fluffpudel
2009 -11-25 05:24 pm ( UTC )
Oh my god , that 's so cute !
XD XD
From : rdbelcher
2009 -11-25 05:33 pm ( UTC )
This made me happier than you can know .
I 'll have to remember sarcasm for dinner tomorrow .
From : so_low
2009 -11-25 05:48 pm ( UTC )
Harrison , lookin ' good !
I hope sometime we get a good look at him in that suit .
From : scottbateman
2009 -11-25 06:16 pm ( UTC )
Trampolines are pretty awesome .
From : tanyahp
2009 -11-25 06:58 pm ( UTC )
I am also thankful for trampolines !
From : ( Anonymous )
2009 -11-25 07:03 pm ( UTC )
Worldwide Beartato I 'm thankfull for the translations !
http://laeoutravez.blogspot.com/2009/11/dia-de-acao-desgracas.html
Chhers !
From : jennyrhill
2009 -11-25 07:14 pm ( UTC )
I am thankful for sneaky baby ducks !
Special editions are becoming a common theme among most releases now , and Bayonetta does not want to show up empty handed .
Sega ’s European blog has just revealed that the Bayonetta Special Edition will ship alongside the game and includes the game , soundtrack , and art book .
The track listing for the soundtrack is :
1 One Of A Kind
Music by : Hiroshi Yamaguchi
2 Riders Of The Light
Music by : Hiroshi Yamaguchi
3 Battle For The Umbra Throne
Music by : Rei Kondoh ( T’s Music )
4 Theme Of Bayonetta – Mysterious Destiny
Music by : Masami Ueda
Vocal Performance by : Helena Noguerra
Lyrics by : Nikola Obermann
5 The Old City Of Vigrid
Music by : Masami Ueda
6 The Gates Of Hell
Music by : Masami Ueda
Trumpet Performance by : Yohei Ichikawa
Bayonetta is an action game directed by Hideki Kamiya , creator of the Devil May Cry and Viewtiful Joe series .
No word yet on whether Sega America will be releasing a special edition .
OTTAWA – Prison rights advocates are warning a parliamentary committee studying mental health in federal penitentiaries that the federal Conservative tough - on - crime agenda will " stuff prisons " with mentally ill people and fail to reduce crime .
" Crime is a community issue and an intelligent response ought to involve the community , " Craig Jones , director of the John Howard Society , told the committee .
Jones appeared with a former director Graham Stewart , author of a recent study that slammed federal plans for correctional services .
They urged the committee to send a clear message to the government that its approach to crime has already been tested and failed in the United States .
" Our federal prisons have become gladiator schools where we train young men in the art of extreme violence or warehouse mentally ill people , " Jones said .
They said the U.S. , which has incarcerated people at high rates for 30 years , has seen a rise in violent crime , compared to Canada .
" It has been a catastrophically expensive exercise but it has not produced the reduction in crime rates that you would expect for that rate of incarceration , " said Jones .
" In fact , evidence from the United States , and the U.K. is now showing that increasing incarceration rates " may actually increase the rate of crime because of what 's called ' prisonization , ' or the experience of incarceration and the difficulty thereafter of successful reintegration , " he argued .
Pointing to the Conservative government 's anti-drug strategy , which embraces mandatory minimum sentences for drug offenders , they said it ignores the mental health and substance abuse disorders that plague " the majority " of offenders in federal prisons , and will simply lead to a recycling of offenders through the system .
The advocates cited statistics by the federal commissioner of corrections , who said 80 per cent of federal offenders have drug or alcohol abuse problems or both , and about 12 per cent have been diagnosed with mental disorders .
Conservative sentencing changes will soon increase that troubled population , they said .
Jones said the government 's law - and - order reforms are " estimated " to be on track to require 3,000 new prison beds for men and 300 for women .
" These are conservative estimates because so far no one has made public the anticipated costs and consequences of the crime agenda , but we can make some general projections based on the American experience , " said Jones .
Stewart said the Conservative government 's promise to eliminate early parole for offenders will result in " releasing more and more people into the community with serious mental illnesses and without either support or supervision . "
Jones called on the government to adopt instead a national strategy to coordinate mental health and correctional services at federal - provincial - and territorial levels that would involve community - delivered mental health services .
Jones said he has " no illusions " his testimony will change things at this point :
" The government has repeatedly signalled that its crime agenda will not be influenced by evidence of what does and does not actually reduce crime and create safer communities . "
He delivered a sharp rebuke to Prime Minister Stephen Harper , whom he said failed when he announced the national " anti-drug strategy " to understand " the concurrence of mental illness and substance abuse . "
The stigmatization of people with mental illness , he argued , " comes from the very top . "
Stewart said the government should use human rights as a starting point for prison reform , noting that none of the recommendations from the federal advisory panel on prisons dealt with " drug prevention , harm reduction , or treatment , while 13 recommendations would toughen enforcement , often by further restricting visits ? "
" Would we accept recommendations that see family and community support only as security problems without any acknowledgement that both the prisoner and the family are entitled to visit , and are dependent on those visits to maintain their crucial relationships ? "
Conservative government MPs on the committee reacted defensively to the testimony , demanding the two address the immediate problem of how to help the mentally ill in prison .
Dave Mackenzie , parliamentary secretary for public safety minister Peter Van Loan , said " we have the same concerns . "
" We know the provinces took away resources ... I take it your solution would be to eliminate federal prisons ? "
It was President Barack Obama ’s maiden speech , one intended to seek a new era of global cooperation , but it was not without controversy .
Obama shrugged off the go - it - alone brand of diplomacy espoused by former President George W. Bush and called on world nations to join him in solving global crises .
But his harsh demands on Israel touched off a furor .
“ We continue to emphasize that America does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israel settlements , ” Obama said .
Jewish leaders moved quickly to condemn the president for again making the issue of the so - called natural growth of existing settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as the key roadblocks to peace in the troubled region .
“ To make absolute statements , particularly when in the past Israel has sort of done everything the Palestinians asked and they still wo n’t give her peace is to me a counter productive policy , ” Sen. Charles Schumer said .
It was clearly the president ’s intent was to show the world a new America .
“ Those who used to chastise America for acting alone in the world cannot now stand by and wait for America to solve the world ’s problems alone .
Now is the time for all of us to take our share of responsibility , ” Obama said .
Just Tuesday , Obama orchestrated a symbolic handshake between Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , in the hopes of restarting negotiations .
CBS News Foreign Affairs Analyst Pamela Falk said the President ’s statement clearly shows his push for peace talks has gained no traction .
“ What he got from the Prime Minister of Israel and the President of the Palestinian Authority was not a lot of movement .
And so he was clearly frustrated , and what he did as a result in his speech was say , ‘ Here ’s where Israel is wrong , here ’s where the Palestinians are wrong , ' ” Falk said .
“ I am not naïve .
I know this will be difficult , but all of us , not just the Israelis and the Palestinians , but all of us , must decide whether we are serious about peace or whether we will only lend it lip service , ” Obama said .
Obama ’s stark declaration , which drew applause , was coupled with a call for Palestinians to end their “ incitement of Israel . ”
But it was the use of the U.N. forum to carry the settlement message to Israel that drew the most enthusiastic response on the floor — and incredulous reaction outside its walls .
( Source : WCBSTV / Fox News )
Jobless Benefits Extension Stiffs High Unemployment States
Created : November 09 , 2009 20:04 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Rep. Jim McDermott ( D - Wash . ) ( WDCpix )
To hear the Democrats tell the tale , the extension of jobless benefits enacted over the weekend will provide those living in high - unemployment states with an additional 20 weeks of insurance .
Well , not quite .
Because the bill was held up for so long in the Senate , an end - of - the - year filing deadline will prevent anyone from accessing the final six weeks of benefits , according to state officials and sources on Capitol Hill .
On Friday , President Obama signed into law legislation extending jobless benefits by 14 weeks nationwide , with an additional six weeks for those states where unemployment rates top 8.5 percent .
Those benefits kicked in on Sunday .
But there ’s a glitch .
The new law treats the 20 - week extension as two separate extensions of 14 weeks and six weeks , with participants required to exhaust the first 14 weeks before applying for the next six .
However , the current law keeps a Dec. 31 application deadline , roughly seven weeks from now , making collecting the full 20 weeks impossible .
[ Congress1 ] That ’s not all .
The emergency unemployment benefits provided beginning in 2008 are also tiered .
The filing deadline applies to all tiers .
That is , the new extension would effectively grandfather the unemployed into the tier where they sit at the end of December , preventing them from jumping into the next , even if they were eligible .
As a result , some members of Congress are already eying another sweeping unemployment extension , which would both address the deadline glitch and provide additional help — well beyond the six weeks in question — to those unable to find work next year , when jobless rates are expected to hover near double digits .
The Orange County Register first reported on the deadline glitch last week .
In a state like California , where unemployment currently stands above 12 percent , that technicality would prove significant .
Loree Levy , spokesperson for California ’s Employment Development Department , said Monday that an estimated 92,000 residents had exhausted all of their available unemployment by the end of October , and roughly 285,000 will be eligible for the newly enacted benefits by the end of the year .
Whether they can get 20 weeks or only 14 , though , depends on whether Congress extends the filing deadline .
Some in Congress are well aware of the problem .
The office of Rep. Jim McDermott ( D - Wash . ) said Monday that he ’ll be pushing a proposal to provide as much as an additional year ’s worth of jobless benefits .
The proposal will be wrapped into a package to include other provisions designed to ease Main Street ’s pain amid the downturn , including money to subsidize COBRA health benefits , as well as a provision to extend the full federal funding of a traditionally state - federal unemployment insurance program called FedEd , which got full federal funding under the stimulus bill .
Without congressional action , states would again have to pick up part of the FedEd tab at the end of 2009 .
McDermott does n’t have an easy task .
The pricetag for extending just the unemployment benefits for one year is roughly $ 80 billion , the McDermott aide said .
With deficit spending having topped $ 1 trillion in the last fiscal year — and with an enormous health reform proposal in the works — the congressional appetite for expensive new proposals is hardly ravenous .
Still , with national unemployment at 10.2 percent — and no wave of new jobs on the horizon — even the most ardent small - government conservatives would have a tough time voting against additional relief .
Update : The office of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) *[ confirms ](/67292/reid-acknowledges-need-to-extend-jobless-benefits-program ) that Congress must pass another bill to guarantee the full 20 - week extension . *
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) --
A sharp rise in Chinese car sales and vehicle ownership has n't been reflected in nationwide gasoline consumption this year , an anomaly that has some analysts scratching their heads in the search for answers .
The disconnect has sparked a range of possible explanations , and even some suspicious musings :
One such theory goes that Beijing and its state - owned enterprises are using stimulus funds to buy up new vehicles to subsidize local car makers , with the vehicles then hidden away or turned back into scrap metal .
Standard Chartered stepped into the debate with a recent research note entitled " Mysterious Gas , " focusing on what is driving the nation 's growing car ownership , which is on track to grow by nearly 25 % this year .
" Car sales in China are booming [ in the third quarter ] , but gasoline sales seem to be stuck in the slow lane , " wrote Standard Chartered analysts headed by Stephen Green in Shanghai .
The Standard Chartered analysts rejected the " left to rust " theory , which suggests China 's government is the buyer of last resort .
More likely , Green said , Chinese consumers are being rational .
They are driving less -- even as they buy more cars -- as high fuel prices and slower income growth force households to manage their regular expenses wisely .
" Slower income growth this year ... probably means that people are driving their cars less , " said Green .
They may even be staying at home more overall -- bus travel has cooled from about 10 % annual growth to around 5 % , easing demand on one of the transport sector 's biggest gas guzzlers .
Efficiency factor
There 's little doubt that China 's car sales are booming .
About 7.2 million new cars -- including passenger vehicles , minibuses and sport-utility vehicles -- were sold in the January - to - September period , up 42 % from a year earlier .
Assuming most vehicles older than 10 years are scrapped , China 's car stock this year is set to rise about 24 % to 32 million vehicles if sales remain on track in the fourth quarter .
That compares with a 10 % rise in gasoline consumption for the first half of the year , according to data from China Oil , Gas and Petrochemicals , an energy - industry publication cited by Standard Chartered .
Green says the gap between rising car ownership and fuel demand can be also explained by improving efficiency .
Indications are that consumers are retiring gas guzzlers in favor of more economical models .
Vehicles with engine sizes of less that 1.6 liters accounted for about 70 % of all car sales so far this year , up from 62 % from 2008 , spurred by tax breaks and other government incentives .
Meanwhile , the impact of freight traffic is less clear .
Fewer trucks were on the road at the start of the year as growth in freight traffic touched a nadir , in line with contraction in industrial activity .
But freight - traffic - growth rates recovered fairly rapidly as the months wore on , presumably as infrastructure spending kicked in .
Slumping industrial activity , which began in the fourth quarter of 2008 , crimped demand in what typically accounts for 40 % of the nation 's gasoline use .
There 's no direct relation with sales at the pump , but it points to weaker overall demand , Green said .
Rising prices
Meanwhile , fuel prices did n't fall much despite the drop in oil prices in late 2008 .
Prices for refined gasoline dipped 7 % from peak to trough in the wake of the global financial crisis , but still remained 20 % higher than they were two years ago .
" While U.S. consumers are enjoying much cheaper gas , China 's are not , " Green said .
Local governments likely also cut back fuel consumption after a central - government edict to slash discretionary budgets by 20 % .
What 's more , Green said , figures on gasoline consumption at the retail level in China are not that accurate .
No central agency compiles such statistics using an accurate methodology .
Among their shortcomings , the China Oil , Gas and Petrochemicals figures tend to exclude data from independent gas stations and refiners , focusing instead on figures compiled by the two major state refiners , he said .
They also do n't take into account inventory changes at refiners , an oversight that can lead to large swings and ultimately errors in tracking real demand .
Another reason to doubt the government - as - mystery - buyer theory , he said , was that sales of imported cars are booming alongside those of domestically built vehicles .
Daimler AG DAI , +0.75 % ( DAI ) said Monday it expects its Chinese sales to grow by 65 % this year to 65,000 units .
Similarly , BMW AG's BAMXF , +2.84 % ( BMW ) sales were up 37 % in the first 10 months , and the auto maker expects a further uptick in the remaining months .
" Local governments would hardly be expected to have issued orders to support BMW or Audi , " Green said .
" We are not averse to calling official data into question ... however , just being skeptical is not enough .
Such claims have to be backed up by at least some evidence . "
I will post a transcript if one becomes available .
Until then , I 'll do some quick paraphrasing .
We always compare Obama to Lincoln ... Lincoln did n't let his generals
write a report on how to win the war against the south .
This is basically a war that 's going to be a stalemate ... a ten year stalemate ... so Obama is putting his foot down , and that 's great .
He 's making a politcal gamble in a sense .
He 's grabbing it ...
On Eikenberry 's cable back to Washington ... oh this is trouble in River City , this is big news .
The top of the Army , they 've been unhappy with McCrystal ... they see a West Point cabal .
For Eikenberry to split ... probably knows more about Karzai 's mental state .
He 's reflecting a huge split ....
He then goes on to discuss Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal .
Transcript by Julie ... please , do n’t hold me responsible for errors ... but I ’ll give this a shot .
Ignore spelling of names ..... the first 3 minutes 20 seconds R : Tonite ’s breaking news .. Obama has rejected all options presented to him on Afhanistan .
Joining us now is Seymour Hersh , staff writer for the New Yorker .
Before we talk Pakistan , I have to ask you about the breaking news ........ Eikenberry saying , do n’t send more troops and Obama rejecting the options before him .
H : Look , it could be huge , it ’s early but it shows he ’s taking control .
The only thing that mystifies a lot of my friends on the inside , the decision to let General McCrystal write a report .
We always compare Obama to Lincoln but Lincoln did n’t allow General McClellan to write a report on how to win the war on how to win the south .
There is no General in history that will write a report that will say we ca n’t win .
This is a war that is going to be a stalemate ... a 10 year
Stalemate ... so Obama is putting his foot down ... and that ’s great .
He ’s making a political gamble ... it ’s too early to say .. but he ’s grabbing it , he ’s grabbing it .
And he has n’t been grabbing it until now .
R : What about Eikenberry ’s cable back to Washington ?
AP reporter said tonite that this was totally out of the blue .
How surprised are you ?
H : This is trouble in River City , because I ’ll tell you , I ’ll tell you , the top of ; the Army , General Casey , they ’ve been very unhappy with the McCrystal appointment , and the way things have been going , and part of it is they see a West Point Cabal .
Theres always a notion of a West Point
Mafia .
Eikenberry was a couple years ahead .. class of 73 ... Petraeus , Odierno , Rodriquez , McCrystal , they are all 74 or 75 , been together , causing a lot of trauma inside the Army .
The man who was kicked out , Gen. McKiernan was William and Mary , not a West Pointer .
For Eikenberry to split ... this summer , lot of concern about mental stability of Karzai ....
Eikenberry may know more .
A lot of deep seeded problems with Karzai .
May explain why Holbrook has had trouble .
Eikenberry is reflecting a huge split because he ’s now splitting with McCrystal ,
Splitting with the counter insurgency wing that ’s been dominated by Patraeus , if my guess is right .
From here they went on to discuss Pakistan and it's nuclear arsenal .
It was only a matter of time before America ’s love / hate relationship for the dead would rear its ugly head .
America ’s growing addiction to living vicariously through the dead — namely vampires , zombies and Keanu Reeves – took a stake in the heart last weekend in my hometown Iowa City , when an alleged zombie was physically assaulted at a restaurant for breaking dead Jim Crow laws , which were supposedly buried over fifty year ago – only to be resurrected in the 21st century .
In regard to mainstream America ’s pop-lust for zombies ( e.g . “ Shaun of the Dead , ” “ Zombieland , ” and The Rolling Stones ) , this lust has been fed from a distance , usually through two - dimensional mediums – unless you get your fix through a plasma television .
But now that zombies are feeling more comfortable in their decaying , leathery skin , they are more inclined to come out of the idiot - box and expose themselves to the mainstream public , slowly dragging themselves across tabooed invisible lines and intermingling with the living .
“ Brainnnzzzzzz …may I have the next dance with your juicy brain , sexy mortal ? ”
Such was the case at Panchero ’s Mexican Restaurant in Iowa City when a patron , who for whatever reason felt threatened and called the victim a “ zombie ” before first punching him in the eye , then the nose – inevitably breaking the latter .
Iowa City police are still searching for the suspect and Crimestoppers has offered a reward of $ 1000 ( or the cash equivalency of pickled brains ) for any information leading to the arrest of the suspect .
To help bag the alleged zombie - beater , police have released the following photo captured by a security camera from a nearby blood bank :
Given when and where the alleged zombie attack took place should be a cause for grave concern .
Most locals , dead and alive , know that Panchero ’s is not a fertile breeding ground for zombies , especially amongst the after - hours drinking crowd , whose brains are stewed in cheap beer .
Moreover , most of the clientele consist of hormonally - repressed college boys who were unable to score at several nearby meat - markets and need to fill the void with a two - pound burrito ( your pun here ) .
Granted , like most of their mortal counterparts who drink domestic beer by the pitcher , I ’m guessing zombies also crave empty calories on occasion .
Because crimes perpetrated against zombies are rare ( or are rarely reported by zombies ; I ’m guessing for every assault reported there are at least a 1000 that go unreported ) , news of the zombie assault was picked up by national news affiliates across the U.S.
However , what the corporate - news lifeline failed to report is that Iowa City is a very welcoming community , especially when it comes to treating zombies as if they were alive and granting them the same rights and protections as their mortal counterparts .
Moreover , the zombie community has been more visibly active in Iowa City lately and refuses to stay underground — as if they were ashamed of being dead .
To increase visibility during the daytime hours , the zombies staged a Zombie - Pride march in broad daylight in September , marching ( if slowly dragging your clubbed feet counts as marching ) from a local cemetery to downtown .
They carried signs to ensure their voices could be heard , shouting lively chants such as “ We ’re zombies , we ’re proud and we want to eat your brainzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . ”
Furthermore , to help zombies feel as if they fit in to the art scene , the Iowa City Community Theater staged “ Zombie Prom ” the past two weekends and encouraged zombies to out themselves and come to the musical in full regalia – a zombie coming - out party , if you will .
And since the attack , leaders from the zombie community and zombie sympathizers have publicly decried the senseless attack and are pressuring authorities to treat the assault as a hate crime .
After all , zombies are fairly harmless , not to mention dead , yet some zombies who have been victims of assault still manage to maintain their compassion , as demonstrated by Freddy in “ The Return of the Living Dead ” when he was assaulted by Tina and said :
“ See ?
You made me hurt myself again !
I broke my hand off completely at the wrist this time , Tina !
But that ’s okay , Darlin ’ , because I love you , and that ’s why you have to let me EAT YOUR BRAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIINS ! ”
Besides , if America is truly concerned about a new class of citizens eating the collective brains of our society , I think it is safe to say we ’ve already been doing that for years – slowly eating our young from birth :
( Disclaimer : no brains were consumed , at least literally , during the penning of this post . )
Well , readers , I ’m feeling an interesting combination of exhausted and giddy at the moment after my graduation today , which does n’t lend itself well to my usual snarky media critique .
I wo n’t even try .
Instead , I ’m going to point you in the direction of this article ( mentioned recently on MMW ’s Twitter feed ) , so that you can feel all happy and warm and fuzzy , too .
Half the reason for this is because the picture accompanying the story is just so darn cute ( masha ’ Allah ) :
But it ’s also a cool story about a Moroccan woman , Aicha Ech Channa , who has recently been given an award for her work with unwed mothers :
She is the first Muslim to win the Opus award .
The annual humanitarian award from the Minnetonka - based Opus Prize Foundation goes to unsung heroes for their faith - based acts of compassion . [ … ]
Ech Channa , 68 , is the founder and president of the Association for Women ’s Solidarity .
In the 1980s , she was working for the Moroccan Ministry of Social Affairs , where unwed mothers came seeking help , even though little help was available .
Under Islamic law , the women were considered prostitutes , and many had their babies taken away over their objections .
Considering that unacceptable , Ech Channa launched her program in 1985 .
It offers women legal counseling , job training and medical and psychological support with a goal of making them self - sufficient so they can raise their children .
Having done some volunteer work with a community of young mothers , I appreciate projects that offer a combination of forms of support that these women might need .
I also think it ’s cool that although the article makes repeated ( excessive ) mention of the people who oppose Ech Channa ’s project on religious grounds , it ’s also clear that she herself is “ committed to her faith , ” and motivated by it to do the work she ’s doing , believing that “ Every human being has a flame [ of love ] inside them that must be fanned . ”
Unless a Canadian court decides otherwise , the ski jumper with the longest flight on record at Vancouver 's Olympic facility will not attend the winter Games in February .
She is not allowed to compete .
Olympic ski jumping is a men's - only domain .
Since the first winter Games in 1924 , men have been swooping down snowy ramps at 55 m.p.h. and springing into flight – human rockets hurtling chin-first , hands thrown behind , and skis angled forward .
With nothing but speed and their skis to aid them , they fly the length of a football field or farther – a feat of technical genius disguised in balletic grace .
But women can do it , too – the best often flying as far as men .
With women now included in such formerly all - male Olympic events as boxing , wrestling , bobsleigh , and luge , the last Olympic door closed to women is ski jumping .
But American ski jumper Lindsey Van – who set the record on the 90 - meter jump when the Olympic venue opened in Vancouver , British Columbia , last year and is the reigning world champion – has n't given up on prying that door open .
It 's a logical step for the 24 - year - old , who , since age 7 , has been soaring over Earth 's mundane limits on what is possible .
She and more than a dozen other women jumpers from Slovenia to Norway hope to legally force the addition of women 's jumping before the Games open Feb. 12 .
Their lawsuit against the Vancouver Organizing Committee ( VANOC ) contends that not allowing women to jump for gold is a form of discrimination under Canadian laws that prohibit gender discrimination in government activities .
A Canadian judge , last summer , agreed :
It is discrimination .
But her ruling concluded that while VANOC is subject to those antidiscrimination laws , it can't control the events – that 's the domain of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
The IOC voted in 2006 against including women 's ski jumping in 2010 because it deemed there were n't enough high - level women to create competition worthy of the Olympics .
Because the IOC is n't bound by Canadian law , the judge ruled , Canada is powerless to change the program .
So the jumpers ' appeal asks Canada to refuse to hold the men's event unless both genders can compete .
When the appeal is heard Nov. 12 and 13 , it will highlight not just women 's battle to wipe out the last vestige of an old - boys - club Olympic culture , but also competing demands on the Olympic ideal :
• Allowing athletes to pursue success on the most visible world stage .
• Broadening the appeal of the Games among Gen- Xers interested in more extreme sports while keeping costs manageable .
• Satisfying TV , a key sponsor .
" IT'S A TEXTBOOK CASE OF DISCRIMINATION , " says Anita DeFrantz , chair of the IOC 's Women and Sports Commission .
" This group of athletes is being told that they 're not good enough , that there are n't enough women in the top level ....
That 's never been an issue before . "
The IOC defends its position as preservation of the Olympic standard , saying the top women jumpers do n't deserve the same gold that is awarded to figure skaters and alpine skiers who have risen to the top of far larger fields .
But the IOC 's recent record of admitting both women 's events ( see chart ) and disciplines with weak fields – such as bobsleigh and ski cross – suggests the issue is not as clear - cut as either side asserts .
More than 80 years after men's ski jumping debuted as one of six original Olympic sports , the International Ski Federation ( FIS ) – which stages ski events at the Olympics – voted in 2006 to recommend women 's jumping for inclusion in the 2010 Games .
The federation endorsed women 's ski cross over ski jumping .
Neither sport fully met the IOC criteria for inclusion .
The IOC only approved ski cross , which had the required two world championships but less than half as many elite women as ski jumping .
Men 's ski jumping does n't meet the criteria either , but was grandfathered in .
Compounding suspicions of gender discrimination was the fact that FIS president Gian Franco Kasper told National Public Radio in 2005 that jumping was too dangerous for women , that it " seems to be not appropriate for the ladies from a medical point of view . "
But Walter Sieber , a Canadian member of the IOC division that recommended not to include women 's ski jumping in the 2010 Games , denies that the decision had anything to do with gender – pointing to the IOC 's decision this year to include women 's boxing as evidence of the IOC 's true colors .
While he admits that the top women jumpers are very competitive , he maintains that there are n't enough competitors at that level to warrant an Olympic sport .
The 2009 World Championships results support that view :
The women 's field of 36 had a 20 - point gap between top competitors and weaker ones , while the men 's field of 50 competitors finished closer together .
THE BOTTOM LINE , claim both those alleging and denying sex discrimination , is the hard fact that the multibillion - dollar Olympic machine is subject to the rising pressure of commercialism .
" What matters to the IOC is : Will the event sell tickets , will it sell TV time , is it popular ? " asserts Jacqueline Hansen , a runner who was a member of the lobby that won a place for the women 's marathon in the 1984 Olympics .
Since then , the sway of TV has become so great that Michael Phelps swam at 6 a.m. in Beijing – prime time in the US .
TV may well have played into the IOC 's decision to approve women 's ski cross events for the 2010 games .
A sort of motocross on snow , the sport is a variation on snowboard cross – an event introduced in the 2006 Torino Games that was a hit with NBC , which paid $ 1.5 billion for TV rights there and in Beijing .
Olympic officials do consider TV appeal in deciding on sports , confirms Mr. Sieber .
In the era of IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch , in the 1990s , he says , the emphasis was " to have many sports involved , " but the expanding Games became unwieldy for organizers .
In the current era , the bar for new events is higher – they must be " good for TV " and " an addition that enhances the program . "
AMERICAN SKI JUMPER JESSICA JEROME , fresh from winning the US Nationals in Lake Placid , N.Y. , last month , says she understands the commercial pressures on the IOC : " The Olympics for so long has been what Mom and Dad sit down to watch while the kids are out skateboarding or snowboarding – doing these things that are radical and rebellious . "
But while she acknowledges that X - Games sports will increase viewership and revenue – benefiting all Olympic sports , ski jumping is no less daring .
" I think it 's one of the most ex-treme sports ... it 's got that dangerous element , but it 's also got that beautiful , elegant thing to it , " she says .
BUT WHILE THE WOMEN jumpers recognize the need to grow the sport , they say they face discrimination at every level – a point supported by a 2009 book by Western European sports scholars , " Sport and Gender Matters in Western Countries . "
" Barred from serious competition for decades because jumping was not deemed appropriate for females , women ski jumpers have not been able to establish the appropriate experience in international level training and competition and to gain the type of ' technical merit ' required .... " concluded a chapter on ski jumping that also notes women were jumping as early as the 1920s .
" Jumping is a very traditional European old - men type of sport .
They think that women will take away the extremeness of it , " says Ms. Jerome ,
Women jumpers got their first international circuit in 2004 , and were allowed to compete at world championships for the first time last year .
But in a sport in which the best European men are treated like rock stars and pocket roughly $ 10,000 per win , the women are only allowed to compete on a secondary circuit that awards winners $ 500 .
And , says Ms. Jerome , women are treated very differently .
She and her teammates have eaten meals with barn cats jumping on the table and slept above livestock stalls in lodging arranged by competition organizers .
Even after Ms. Van won world championships last year , the US Ski Team – facing an 18 percent budget cut – dropped all funding for women 's jumping , and men's , too .
THE BRITISH COLUMBIA Court of Appeal must now decide whether VANOC should refuse to hold men's ski jumping unless women are allowed to compete .
VANOC attorney George McIntosh argued before Judge Lauri Ann Fenlon that as host , VANOC implements , but can't control , the Olympic program .
And while she ultimately found in VANOC 's favor , she put his argument into stark relief when she asked Mr. McIntosh if VANOC would plead the same point if blacks were n't allowed to compete in the Vancouver Olympics .
His answer , after an awkward silence , was yes .
VANOC has encouraged the IOC to include women 's ski jumping , and if that happened , officials say , the Vancouver machine would be able to accommodate the women .
Without that action at the IOC level , however , no one is sure what to expect if the court upholds the women 's appeal .
" It 's unprecedented , " says McIntosh , who half jokes that to enforce such a ruling , " [ The VANOC chief ] would have to be standing at the top of the jump with a bayonet . " •
Early relatives of spiders that lived around 300 million years ago are revealed in new three - dimensional models , in research published August 5 in the journal Biology Letters .
Scientists at Imperial College London have created detailed 3D computer models of two fossilised specimens of ancient creatures called Cryptomartus hindi and Eophrynus prestvicii , closely related to modern - day spiders .
The study reveals some of the physical traits that helped them to hunt for prey and evade predators .
The researchers created their images by using a CT scanning device , which enabled them to take 3,000 x -rays of each fossil .
These x-rays were then compiled into precise 3D models , using custom - designed software .
Both Cryptomartus hindi and Eophrynus prestivicii were around the size of a 50 pence piece and they roamed the Earth during the Carboniferous period , 359 – 299 million years ago .
This was a time before the dinosaurs , when life was emerging from the oceans to live on land .
During this period , the world ’s continents were merging together near the equator to form one supercontinent and the first tropical rainforests were playing host to a diverse range of species .
Previous studies of the fossilised remains of Cryptomartus hindi allowed scientists to see some features of the creature , which had four pairs of legs and looked similar to a spider .
In the new study , the researchers ' computer models reveal that Cryptomartus hindi's first two legs were angled towards the front of the body , which suggests that it used its legs to grab its prey before killing them .
The researchers believe this find suggests the Cryptomartus hindi was an ambush predator , living in logs and fronds , waiting for prey such as insects to walk by before catching and killing them .
This stance is seen in modern day crab spiders , which sit on the edge of flowers and wait for insects to land so that they can grab them .
advertisement
The scientists also discovered that Cryptomartus hindi had ball - like growths at the base of its limbs , called coxal endites .
The scientists believe the coxal endites could be an evolutionary hang - over from their last common ancestor , who probably used the growths at the base of their limbs to help them grind their food .
These coxal endite - type growths can still be seen today in species such as horseshoe crabs , which use them to grind up their prey before pushing it into their backward - facing mouths .
The computer models also revealed that Cryptomartus hindi's mouth appendages , called pedipalps , had tiny ‘ tarsal ’ claws attached at the end to help the creature to manipulate its prey .
These claws are seen in rare modern - day arachnids such as the Ricinulei .
The researchers say that the existence of this common physical feature , shared by the Cryptomartus hindi and the Ricinulei , lends further weight to the theory that they are closely related .
The models also reveal new information about Eophrynus prestivicii .
Previous studies of fossilised remains of this creature suggested that it could have hunted on the open forest floor .
It had long legs that enabled it to run through leaf litter to chase , catch and kill its prey .
The new models reveal , for the first time , that Eophrynus prestiviciihad defensive spikes on its back .
The researchers say that the spikes may have been a defensive adaption by Eophrynus prestivicii , to make them a less tempting meal for the amphibians that would have recently emerged from the oceans onto land .
The study ’s lead author , Mr Russell Garwood , PhD student from the Department of Earth Science and Engineering at Imperial College London , says :
“ Our models almost bring these ancient creatures back to life and it ’s really exciting to be able to look at them in such detail .
Our study helps build a picture of what was happening during this period early in the history of life on land .
We think one creature could have responded to increasing predation from the amphibians by growing spikes , while the other responded by becoming an ambush predator , hiding away and only exposing itself when it had to come out to eat . ”
At present , most palaeontologists analyse fossils by splitting open a rock and looking at the creatures encased inside .
This means that scientists can often only see part of the fossil and cannot explore all of the fossil ’s physical features .
The researchers believe their new technique could be used to re-explore previously analysed fossils to provide a much clearer picture of how ancient extinct species survived on early Earth .
Tucked into the corner of my freezer shelf , beside the orange - juice concentrate and coffee beans , is my son Noah 's placenta .
He 's 1 1/2 now , which means the placenta has been there for as long as the freezer - burned lasagnas we stuffed in there to prepare for his arrival .
A long time .
It is the size of a large Florida grapefruit , but it 's red , and wrapped in blue plastic that looks nauseatingly like the stuff that lines the Styrofoam tray beneath the chicken pieces at Sobey's .
I 'm shocked every time I reach in for a frozen bagel and confront it .
I shut the door quickly .
What the hell are we going to do with it ?
I had a loose plan for Noah 's arrival .
It involved a hospital room , a midwife and as little medical equipment as possible .
We had converted the study into a bedroom , dug out the infant car seat from the basement and bought the requisite " I Am a Big Sister " T - shirt for soon - to - be- enraged child No. 1 .
None of this involved a placenta .
But there I was , in the hospital room , holding my new 10 - pounder , when the midwife – the woman I had vowed to love forever moments earlier upon hearing her gentle , firm voice telling me I was one push away from meeting my baby and ending the pain – gave me a " tour of my placenta . "
I have it on video .
She stretched it out like a pancake , pointing out the beefy cotyledons that had been attached to my uterus moments earlier , feeding nutrients through darkened veins that stretched toward a giant white rope – the umbilical cord .
" Some people call it the tree of life , " she said .
" And your baby is the life . "
" Do you want to take it home ? "
How could I say no ?
It would be like refusing cake at your own wedding .
I had just cracked open and somehow survived .
I had accomplished the most challenging athletic and emotional feat of a woman 's life .
He was magnificent .
He was already breastfeeding .
My blood was shot with oxytocin , that sweet natural drug .
Everything was possible .
Everything was new .
So , two hours later , we were on our way home in the car , a new family – stereo , pillows , leftover granola bars and placenta in tow .
I now think of it as an impulse buy .
I 've always been a sucker for female persuasion .
This is a common predicament .
Every woman who gives birth at home with a midwife has to deal with her placenta .
The policy of the Association of Ontario Midwives has been to tell clients to bury them , five feet deep " so raccoons ca n't get them , " says Lisa Weston , the association 's vice - president , and a midwife in the city 's east end with the Sages - Femmes Rouge Valley Midwives clinic .
Most hospitals incinerate them after keeping them for a few weeks .
Some even forbid women from taking them home .
They are considered biological waste .
" It 's an interesting disconnect , " Weston says .
" Women at home are not allowed to put them in the garbage .
Women at the hospital are not allowed to have them . "
Most midwives love placentas .
They all give new mothers a tour of the organ her body built to feed , nurture and protect her baby for nine months .
It 's the only organ the body disposes .
It 's also the only organ made up of foreign cells – the baby 's – that the body does n't reject .
For that reason , medical researchers overseeing organ donations study placentas .
" It 's the forgotten stage of labour , " says Esther Willms , the midwife who tended to my Child No. 1 . " None of the movies show them .
They 're part of the miracle of the whole process .
They 're grown specifically to grow and nurse your child until they 're finished their function . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Perhaps this is what has kept me from dropping it into the green bin all these months .
( They 're verboten anyway , considered " pathological / medical waste , " although who would check ? )
It seems disrespectful .
I would n't , after all , chuck a sparrow 's nest into the garbage .
And if my liver dropped out , I 'd likely donate it to someone at least .
Although I had n't thought about it before Noah 's arrival , I am grateful to my placenta for taking such good care of him .
Around the world , there are rituals honouring the placenta .
The Ibo of Nigeria bury it as the dead twin of the child .
Other people eat them .
They are said to help a woman heal after labour – both physically and emotionally .
California midwife and medical anthropologist Janneli Miller offers to powderize her client 's placentas , so they can swallow them in capsule form with white wine .
More palatable than drinking it as a bloody Mary – tomato juice , salt , placenta , squeeze of lemon and voila , you have a cure to too much bleeding after childbirth .
It 's hard to see why both of these options are n't on the menu at say , The Plaza Rooftop .
Mine , Miller informs me , is past that .
Too much freezer burn .
But , she suggests I cut the vessels from the organ and keep them for my first aid kit .
They help heal bad burns , she says .
No thanks .
Willms planted her daughter 's placenta in the front yard under some red tulips .
They had a family ceremony , she says .
Someone wrote and read a placenta poem .
The idea was to nourish the earth with something that had nourished her .
That sounds pretty good to me .
What do you think I should do with it ?
Let me know .
Catherine Porter 's column runs on Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday .
She can be reached at cporter@thestar.ca .
Wacky night of basketball on the West side of Chicago .
The crazy video after these quick nuggets .
The Good :
Derrick Rose had 22 points , 5 assists with no turnovers .
Not going to the basket as much as we ’d like to see but getting it done .
Love the little runner / leaner he ’s scoring .
Joakim Noah is out of his mind .
Noah was Rodman - like in both his desire and execution of cleaning the glass .
He had 12 points , 21 boards and 2 blocks .
Luol Deng filled up the scoresheet with 21 points , 6 boards , 5 assists and 2 blocks .
The Bad :
Jannero Pargo was 1 - 6 with 3 points .
He has to add offense off the bench .
James Johnson is n’t exactly the picture of confidence .
He looked lost out there .
It ’s not a big surprise why he ’s mostly riding pine .
John Salmons was 3 -13 last night with just 11 points .
He has to step it up .
He should be a 20 - point per game scorer .
And here is the craziness and highlights of the game .
Did you think Miller ’s basket should have counted ?
The Highlights :
Recently some friends and family have expressed concern over my 24 semi-feral cats .
They claim that no one should own 24 cats and to that , I agree .
I do n’t trust even numbers and 25 is an unlucky number so I am actually going to need 27 .
Technically I already have 27 , but only if you count the dead ones in the freezer .
I hope to round out the family this weekend with some good old fashioned alley hunting .
Who else is going to care and love for those helpless kitties if not for me ?
They would die on the streets if I did not save them and take them home to my one bedroom apartment !
Apparently some crack pot doctors have done studies proving that cat feces can lead to schizophrenia .
I have never heard of anything more ridiculous in my entire life !
How could the droppings from my little alley treasures ever make someone go crazy ?
These “ studies ” by these “ doctors ” are always proving something and then disproving the exact same thing a week later .
Next thing you know we ’ll hear that smoking is bad for you !
What a bunch of nut jobs .
I think they need to have their heads examined !
Honestly , I just do n’t see what the problem is .
They are well fed and loved .
I feed them a mixture of turkey soup and wet cat food I prepare fresh each night .
I make sure I do n’t make enough for them all to eat because I do n’t want them to lose their ability to hunt for food .
I toss the soupy mixture on the floor and let them fight over who gets what .
Survival of the fittest so to speak .
On Friday nights we do feeding time a bit differently and I feed them off my stomach !
As for paying for the food I just use my welfare checks or just steal donations left outside of the SPCA .
The SPCA has a ton of rich people donating money to it , so I do n’t feel bad grabbing a couple of cans of Fancy Feast for my Littles !
Cleaning up after them can be hard since I only have room for two litter boxes .
I used to clean the litter box up to five times a day and even set up my alarm to wake up at night but I got tired of doing that so now I just let them go wherever they can find a spot .
I ’ve gotten rid of most of my furniture and even sleep on a plastic lawn chair that I can just hose off every so often .
They do n’t seem to mind that I only sweep up after them once every few weeks and they tend to make their business in the corners anyways .
I try to limit their water intake to cut down on that “ cat pee ” smell .
I do n’t notice it anymore but apparently it is “ offensive to the neighbor ” .
When it is time to clean up I just open up my back door and sweep all of their poop onto the balcony me and my other neighbors share .
My neighbor ’s toddler thinks it ’s Play Doh !
And for all of you that say I ’m using a “ wall of kitties ” to hide any personal pain I may be feeling I say you ’re the crazy one !
Just because I ’m thirty years old , single and have 24 ( soon to be 27 ! ) semi- feral cats does not mean I ’m lonely .
Who could be lonely with 24 little love bugs around hopping up on every possible surface of my apartment ?
Not this girl .
Sure , it can tough to explain to guys but most of the guys I meet off Craigslist do n’t seem to mind when a few cats hop on their backs during lovemaking .
Everybody likes a ride now and then !
I sure hope I was able to clear up any misunderstandings .
I am most definitely not a “ crazy cat lady ” .
Now excuse me while I start my nightly ritual of singing “ Milkshake ” to Mr. Paws .
It ’s his favorite and he gets real bitchy if he has to wait .
Kate Beaton
I realized today that the comic I was working on was going to take longer than I thought , so I made these up real quick before I take off for Montreal !
You go to one of these things , and it 's four days gone like a flash .
Not that anyone checks the internet on the weekend , but still .
In any case , I like the Kiss elves .
Store !
Hosting by Remember , Montreal !
I 'm going to be at Expozine this weekend !
You should come .
I realized today that the comic I was working on was going to take longer than I thought , so I made these up real quick before I take off for Montreal !
You go to one of these things , and it 's four days gone like a flash .
Not that anyone checks the internet on the weekend , but still .
In any case , I like the Kiss elves .
Hosting by Voxel Store !
HIGHLY UNORTHODOX : A Cambridge resident trims the top of his hedge with a ride - on lawnmower .
Two Cambridge mates say they may turn their unusual method of trimming hedges into a business , after they suspended a ride - on mower from a crane to do the job .
" This is how the Waikato boys mow a hedge , " the ride - on mower operator told the Waikato Times .
The operator , who did not want to be named , is now nursing a broken hand , but said it was n't a fall from the mower that caused the injury but one off the crane .
He admitted it was not the safest method of trimming the hedge , but said it was all done as a bit of a joke .
They wanted to film the stunt , put it on the internet and see how many hits it got , but in the end had no video camera .
" We just thought it would be a bit of a joke – a bit of a laugh , " he said .
The man had expected a real hedge trimmer to turn up on Sunday to mow the hedge , but when he did n't his mate arrived with his crane and a ride - on mower .
The next thing he knew he was being hoisted up on top of the two - metre high hedge .
" We were supposed to get all dressed up in our Mooloo gear and show people that this is how the Waikato boys mow their hedges . "
The unusual sight bemused passing motorists .
One passer - by , Bart Dinger , said it was a classic case of Kiwi ingenuity .
" A kiwi classic – jandals and all , " he said .
The mower operator 's wife burst out laughing when she drove home to see her husband on the hedge .
" I saw the crane first and thought ' great , the hedge is getting trimmed ' , but I did n't realise this was what they were planning , " she said .
Her husband spent about 20 minutes mowing the hedge which had " got out of hand over winter " .
" The mower was doing an all - right job , but I reckon it would work better on a hedge that 's not so spiky . "
He said there was nothing in the instructions to say the mower could n't be used on hedges and joked that they should go into the contracting business .
John
Yoo , the former Bush administration lawyer who gained notoriety for penning a number of the so - called “ torture memos ” justifying the use of “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” on terrorism suspects , has filed an appeal of a lawsuit against him with a court on whose bench sits another torture “ architect ” from the Bush administration .
ADVERTISEMENT
Yoo ’s lawyers have filed an appeal against a lawsuit by convicted terrorist supporter Jose Padilla to the US Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
One of the judges on that bench is Jay Bybee , who served early on in the Bush administration in the same Office of Legal Counsel where Yoo wrote the torture memos .
Bybee is known for having written the “ Bybee memo , ” which spelled out the definition of “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” the Bush administration used against terrorism suspects , now abandoned by the Obama Justice Department .
Yoo wrote a number of controversial memos regarding torture , including one that declared “ enhanced interrogation ” only met the legal definition of torture if it caused pain equal to “ organ failure , impairment of bodily function or even death . ”
Both Bybee and Yoo are defendants in a Spanish prosecution of the principal creators of the Bush administration ’s torture policies .
In their appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court , Yoo ’s lawyers declared that a lawsuit against him by convicted terrorist supporter Jose Padilla could “ open the floodgates to politically motivated lawsuits ” against government officials , the San Francisco Chronicle reported Wednesday .
“ Threatening executive branch lawyers with personal liability for reaching allegedly incorrect legal conclusions regarding the constitutionality of a president ’s wartime actions would infringe on the core war - making authority that the Constitution reserves to the political branches , ” the Chronicle quoted attorney Miguel Estrada .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last June , federal court Judge William
White allowed Padilla ’s lawsuit against Yoo to proceed .
Padilla ’s lawyers had argued that the inmate had been tortured during his three - year detention at a naval brig in South Carolina , largely on the basis of the justifications provided to the administration by Yoo .
The lawsuit stated Padilla suffered “ gross physical and psychological abuse at the hands of federal officials as part of a systematic program of abusive interrogation intended to break down Mr Padilla ’s humanity and his will to live . ”
Padilla ’s lawyers are seeking a symbolic $ 1 in punitive damages and a declaration by the court that his treatment was unconstitutional .
Yoo ’s lawyers are now appealing Judge White ’s decision .
Padilla ’s lawyers have until Dec. 9 to challenge the appeal , notes the San Francisco Appeal .
ADVERTISEMENT
Padilla ’s arrest at Chicago ’s O’Hare Airport in May , 2002 , on his return from Egypt , was widely publicized .
Initial statements from authorities identified him under his Muslim name , Abdullah al - Muhajir .
He was accused of planning a dirty bomb attack .
In what many observers saw as a White House test of the limits of constitutional powers , the Bush administration declared Padilla , a US citizen , an “ enemy combatant ” who was not eligible for a civilian trial , and kept him in detention at a naval brig in South Carolina for three - and - a - half years .
ADVERTISEMENT
Under pressure from civil - liberties groups , the Bush administration granted Padilla access to civilian courts , and in 2007 he was convicted of aiding a terrorist organization .
The indictment in that case made no mention of the dirty bomb plot for which he was initially detained .
Yoo rose to public prominence in the later years of the Bush administration , as his and others ’ memos on torture practices came to light .
He now teaches law at the University of California in Berkeley .
No date has been set for the appeals court hearing to dismiss Padilla ’s lawsuit against him .
There has always been a school of thought in British manufacturing that if bribery is needed to pull off an export deal and protect British jobs , there is no shame in greasing palms .
It was never more bluntly stated than by Sir Richard Dobson , who was appointed by a Labour Government in the 1970s to run British Leyland , a state - owned company that manufactured arms as well as automobiles .
Sir Richard was not pleased when , in 1977 , the Daily Mail revealed that the company had a slush fund to oil the wheels of foreign governments .
Speaking at a private dinner , he wondered why Leyland should be criticised for " the perfectly respectable fact that it was bribing wogs . "
Sadly for him , someone at the dinner recorded his remarks , and he was sacked .
Today 's BAE Systems executives , no doubt , would never use such racist language , but their private reaction to yesterday 's decision by the Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) to ask the Attorney General to prosecute the company is probably not all that different from Sir Richard's .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
BAE Systems is among the world 's biggest arms manufacturers , operating in a milieu where what counts as bribery may be normal practice somewhere else .
As the former Labour defence minister Lord Gilbert once said , when it comes to arms deals , " one man 's bribe is another man 's commission payment . "
BAE has worked hard from the outset to maintain good relations with the Labour Government .
Their senior executives got on well with Tony Blair , but less well with the former foreign secretary , Robin Cook , who had promised an " ethical dimension " to foreign policy .
In 2000 , Cook tried to prevent BAE selling spare parts for Hawk fighter jets to Zimbabwe , because the Mugabe regime was intervening in a horrific civil war in neighbouring Congo .
He was overruled by the Prime Minister .
" I came to learn that the chairman of BAE appeared to have the key to the garden door to No 10 , " Cook noted ruefully in his memoirs .
" Certainly I never knew No 10 to come up with any decision that would be incommoding to BAE . "
The following year , Clare Short , who was then international development secretary , was equally unsuccessful in attempting to block a BAE deal to sell arms to impoverished Tanzania .
In the same year , there was political uproar in the Czech republic when the Prime Minister , Milos Zeman , announced that BAE was the only candidate for a £ 2bn deal to supply 36 supersonic jets , after rival bids by US , French and European companies were dropped .
Opposition parties in Prague alleged the deal smacked of corruption and demanded that it be called off .
An even more controversial case involved the decision by South Africa , in 1999 , to modernise its armed force in a deal worth £ 2.5 bn , with BAE and firms from five other countries .
It became enmeshed in corruption allegations involving , among others , the current President of South Africa , Jacob Zuma .
The case against Mr Zuma collapsed when it came to court , but one of his advisers was sentenced to 15 years in prison .
Another senior politician was also jailed .
The SFO has been investigating BAE 's role , in this murky affair , including an allegation that the company had a £ 100 m slush fund .
In 2001 , a year after that Hawk spare parts deal , a convention against bribery drawn up by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , was incorporated in UK law .
The convention bans bribery even where the national interest or good relations between friendly governments are at stake .
This encouraged the SFO to pursue allegations , which BAE has always denied , that the company had used bribes to secure arms contracts in Saudi Arabia .
Since 1985 , BAE had struck a series of deals with the Saudis , known as Al Yamamah , worth £ 43bn in total – in return , it was alleged , for £ 1bn in payments to a member of the Saudi royal family , and restaurant meals , sports cars , Cup final tickets and prostitutes for other Saudi officials .
To the Saudis , this investigation was an insult .
In 2006 , they threatened to cancel a £ 10bn contract with BAE for 72 eurofighters .
Almost at once , the then attorney general , Lord Goldsmith , concluded that a prosecution had little chance of success and might damage relations with the Saudis , and persuaded the head of the SFO , Robert Wardle , to call it off .
The decision was criticised by the OECD , but vigorously defended by Tony Blair .
The collapse of this case is reported to have shattered morale at the SFO .
Last year , Wardle was replaced as director by Richard Alderman , a soft - spoken barrister who had headed the investigations department at Revenue and Customs .
Under his quiet direction , the fraudbusters stayed on BAE 's trail .
But however determined Mr Alderman is to do his job properly , no British government is going to want to see the British arms industry generally , or BAE Systems in particular , held up to disgrace .
Even before the current recession started to bite , British manufacturing had lost a million jobs in 10 years .
Earlier this year , engineering employers were fearful that the recession could destroy another 140,000 .
BAE employs 105,000 people worldwide and its sales exceeded £ 18.5 bn last year .
Even if part of that vast trade is not what Robin Cook would have called ethical , its contribution to Britain 's manufacturing base is so valuable that you can bet BAE 's top brass will always have a key to 10 Downing Street , whoever is living there .
Intel has offered to field an entirely non-Jewish Saturday workforce at its Jerusalem chip plant , after unruly demonstrations by ultra-Orthodox Jews there at the weekend .
The protest by ultra-Orthodox Jews , enraged by the company running the plant on the Jewish sabbath , prompted Intel to surround the factory with barbed wire .
Journalists covering the demonstration were reportedly attacked .
According to Haaretz , Intel has now offered to only employ non-Jews at the plant on Saturdays .
A total of 60 employees will work there , in three shifts , and " only conveyers producing the most sensitive components will operate on Saturday . "
The paper adds that Intel will bear the cost of training the new non-Jewish workers , and would also recruit workers from the ultra-Orthodox community .
The proposal was made at a meeting chaired by the speaker of the Knesset , and ultra-Orthodox rabbis are expected to deliver a response soon .
The running of the plant on Saturdays has sparked high emotions .
The ultra Orthodox community has an issue with the plant running on the Jewish day of rest .
Non-Orthodox
Jews argue that Intel could simply up sticks and move elsewhere , leaving Jerusalem ever more dependent on government , academic and tourism jobs . ®
US Foreign Policy Obama 's Nice Guy Act Gets Him Nowhere on the World Stage
When he entered office , US President Barack Obama promised to inject US foreign policy with a new tone of respect and diplomacy .
His recent trip to Asia , however , showed that it 's not working .
A shift to Bush - style bluntness may be coming .
Von Gabor Steingart
Internally displaced persons receive aid at a food distribution point in Torotow village in Lower Shabelle Region near Mogadishu .
(( Mowlid Abdi/ Reuters ) )
Ethiopia says it needs emergency food aid for 6.2 million people because of a prolonged drought that is devastating crops and livestock .
Mitiku Kassa , Ethiopia 's state minister for agriculture and rural development , appealed Thursday for more than $ 121 million .
Ethiopia 's appeal came the same day Oxfam released a report that encourages international donors to reconsider how food aid is delivered .
It has been 25 years since a catastrophic drought in Ethiopia killed more than one million people , and the Oxfam report calls for a new approach that would see more donors supporting projects that help countries avoid famine , rather than simply supplying emergency food aid .
Penny Lawrence , international director for Oxfam , said that the international community can do more for drought - stricken communities .
" Donors need to shift their approach , and help to give communities the tools to tackle disasters before they strike , " Lawrence said .
" Drought does not need to mean hunger and destitution .
If communities have irrigation for crops , grain stores , and wells to harvest rains then they can survive despite what the elements throw at them . "
Famine survivor calls for change
Birhan Woldu , who wrote the introduction to the Oxfam report , became the face of the Ethiopian famine in 1984 when a CBC team captured an image of her near death from lack of food .
Today , Woldu has a nursing degree and a diploma in agriculture .
" Twenty - five years ago , my life was saved by Irish nursing sisters who gave me an injection , and food aid from organizations like Band Aid .
So it may seem strange for me to say now that to get food aid from overseas is not the best way , " Woldu wrote .
But Woldu said she supports
Oxfam 's proposal , and would like to see more long - term programs to help end African countries reliance on imported food aid .
" Let us grow our own food and help manage our own systems so we are not hit so hard when the next drought or flood comes . "
While Oxfam wants to see changes in the food aid system , it notes in its report that emergency aid does save lives .
The aid organization launched an emergency appeal in late September to try to raise funds for people living through the drought in East Africa , with donations to be split between emergency food programs and longer - term projects designed to help local communities cope with future droughts .
" The current situation is not as bad as 1984 , but it is extremely concerning , " said Robyn Baron , humanitarian program officer at Oxfam Canada who recently returned from a visit to Oxfam projects in Ethiopia .
" So far , we are not seeing the extent of devastation witnessed 25 years ago and we hope it does not get to that stage .
However , people are suffering extreme hardship and struggling to get enough food and water . "
Drought can be disastrous in Ethiopia because more than 80 per cent of people live off the land .
info
discussion
exploit
solution
references Multiple Vendor TLS Protocol Session Renegotiation Security Vulnerability
Bugtraq ID : 36935 Class : Design Error CVE : CVE - 2009 -3555
Remote : Yes Local : No Published : Nov 04 2009 12:00 AM
Updated : Dec 19 2017 10:00 PM Credit : Marsh Ray , Steve Dispensa , Martin Rex Vulnerable : Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.2 r2
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.2
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.1 r5
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.1 r4
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.1 r3
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.1 r2
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.1 r1
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.1
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.0
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3.5 a
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3.5
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3.4
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3.3
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3.2
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3.1
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.3
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.9
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.8
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.7
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.6
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.5
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.4
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.3
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.2
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.1.1
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.0.9
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.0.8
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.0.7
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.0.6
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 3.0.5
Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.3r4
VooDoo cIRCle 1.1.37
VooDoo cIRCle 1.1.36
VooDoo cIRCle 1.1.35
VooDoo cIRCle 1.1.34
VooDoo cIRCle 1.1
VMWare vCenter 4.1
VMWare ESX Server 3.0.3
VMWare ESX Server 4.1
VMWare ESX Server 3.5
VMWare ESX 4.1
VMWare ESX 4.0
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.10 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.10 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.10 lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.10 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.10 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.10
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.04 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.04 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.04 lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.04 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 9.04 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.10 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS lpia
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 8.04 LTS amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.10 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.10 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.10 amd64
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.04 sparc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.04 powerpc
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.04 LTS
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.04 i386
Ubuntu Ubuntu Linux 10.04 amd64
Turbolinux Turbolinux Server 10.0
Turbolinux Turbolinux Server 11 x64
Turbolinux Turbolinux Server 11
Turbolinux Turbolinux Server 10.0.0 x64
Turbolinux Turbolinux FUJI
Turbolinux FUJI 0
Turbolinux Client 2008
Turbolinux Appliance Server 3.0 x64
Turbolinux Appliance Server 3.0
Turbolinux Appliance Server 2.0
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Teradata 10 SP3
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Software Development Kit 11
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 SP1
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11 DEBUGINFO
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 11
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 SP4
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 SP3
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10 SP2
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise SDK 11 SP1
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise SDK 10 SP3
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise SDK 10 SP2
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Java 11 SP1
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise Java 10 SP3
+ Linux kernel 2.6.5
SuSE Suse Linux Enterprise Desktop 11 SP1
SuSE Suse Linux Enterprise Desktop 11
SuSE Suse Linux Enterprise Desktop 10 SP4
SuSE Suse Linux Enterprise Desktop 10 SP3
SuSE Suse Linux Enterprise Desktop 10 SP2
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 11 SP1
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 11 DEBUGINFO
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 11
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 10 SP3 DEBUGINFO
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 10 SP3
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 10 SP2 DEBUGINFO
SuSE SUSE Linux Enterprise 10 SP2
SuSE Moblin 2.0
Sun Solaris 9_x86
Sun Solaris 9_sparc
Sun Solaris 8_sparc
Sun Solaris 10_x86
Sun Solaris 10_sparc
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _ 24
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _15
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _10
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _09
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _08
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _07
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _06
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _05
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _04
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2 _03
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_25
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_22
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_20
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_19
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_18
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_17
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_16
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_14
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_13
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_12
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_11
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _ 24
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _15
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _10
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _09
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _08
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _07
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _06
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _05
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _04
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2 _03
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_25
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_22
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_20
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_19
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_18
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_17
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_16
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_14
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_13
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_12
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_11
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _ 24
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _15
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _10
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _09
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _08
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _07
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _06
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _05
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _04
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _03
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _02
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2 _01
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_25
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_22
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_20
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_19
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_18
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_17
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_16
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_14
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_13
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_12
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_11
Sun OpenSolaris svn_126
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_99
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_98
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_96
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_95
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_94
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_93
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_92
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_91
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_90
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_89
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_88
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_87
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_86
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_85
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_84
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_83
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_82
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_81
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_80
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_78
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_77
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_76
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_74
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_71
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_68
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_67
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_64
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_61
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_59
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_58
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_57
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_56
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_54
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_51
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_50
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_49
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_48
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_47
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_45
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_41
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_39
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_38
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_37
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_36
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_35
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_29
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_28
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_22
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_19
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_13
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_128
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_127
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_126
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_125
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_124
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_123
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_122
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_121
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_120
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_119
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_118
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_117
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_116
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_115
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_114
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_113
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_112
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_111a
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_111
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_110
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_109
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_108
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_107
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_106
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_105
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_104
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_103
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_102
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_101a
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_101
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_100
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_02
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_01
Sun OpenSolaris Build Snv 111B
Sun OpenSolaris 2009.06
Sun OpenSolaris 0
Sun ONE Directory Server 5.2 patch 4
Sun ONE Directory Server 5.2 patch 3
Sun ONE Directory Server 5.2
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _17
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _13
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _12
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _10
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _07
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _06
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _05
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _04
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _22
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _18
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _16
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _15
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _06
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _05
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _04
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _03
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _02
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _01
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_21
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_20
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_2
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_18
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_15
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_14
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_11
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_03
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_02
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_01
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_23
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_20
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_17
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_14
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_13
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_12
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_11
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_10
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_09
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_08
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_07
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _17
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _13
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _12
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _10
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _07
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _06
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _05
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _04
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _22
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _18
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _16
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _15
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _06
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _05
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _04
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _03
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _02
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _01
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_21
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_2
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_18
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_15
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_14
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_11
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_03
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_02
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_01
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_23
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_20
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_17
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_14
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_13
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_12
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_11
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_10
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_09
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_08
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_07
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _17
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _13
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _12
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _10
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _07
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _06
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _05
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _04
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _22
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _18
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _16
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _15
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _07
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _06
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _05
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _04
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _03
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _02
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _01
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 .0 beta
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_21
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_20
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_18
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_15
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_14
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_11
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_03
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_02
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_01
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_23
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_20
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_17
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_14
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_13
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_12
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_11
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_10
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_09
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_08
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _17
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _14
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _13
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _11
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _10
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _07
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _06
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _05
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6 _04
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 0_10
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _22
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _18
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _17
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _15
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _14
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _02
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 _01
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 .0_05
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 .0_04
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5 .0_03
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_21
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_20
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_18
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_15
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_03
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_02
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_01-b06
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_01
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_23
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_20
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_16
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_13
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_12
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_11-b03
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_07-b03
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_11
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_09
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_08
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_06
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _17
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _14
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _13
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _11
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _10
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _07
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _06
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _05
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _04
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6 _01-b06
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 0_10
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 0_09
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 0_03
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _22
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _18
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _17
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _15
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _14
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _11-b03
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _07-b03
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _06
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _02
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 _01
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 .0_05
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 .0_04
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5 .0_03
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_21
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_20
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_18
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_15
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_03
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_02
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_01
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_23
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_20
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_16
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_13
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_12
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_11
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _17
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _14
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _13
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _11
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _10
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _07
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _06
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _05
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _04
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _01-b06
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6 _01
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 0_10
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _22
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _18
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _17
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _15
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _14
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _11-b03
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _07-b03
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _07
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _06
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _02
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 _01
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5 .0_05
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_21
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_20
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_18
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_15
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_03
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_02
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_23
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_20
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_16
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_13
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_12
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_11
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_09
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_08
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_04
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0.0_03
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Plugin 0
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP9
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP8
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP7
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP6
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP5
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP4
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP3
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP2
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP11
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP10
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP1
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP9
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP11
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP10
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP8
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP7
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP6
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP5
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP4
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP3
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP2
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0 SP1
Sun Java System Web Server 6.0
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 6
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 3
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 2
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 1
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP11
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1 SP10
Sun Java System Web Server 6.1
Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 4.0.12
Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 4.0.5
Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 4.0
Sun Java System Directory Server Enterprise Edition 6.3.1
Sun Java System Directory Server Enterprise Edition 6.3
Sun Java System Directory Server Enterprise Edition 6.2
Sun Java System Directory Server Enterprise Edition 6.1
Sun Java System Directory Server Enterprise Edition 6.0
Sun Java System Directory Server Enterprise Edition 5
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 Patch6
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 Patch4
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 Patch3
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 Patch2
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 2005Q4
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 2005Q1
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 2004Q2
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2 2003Q4
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.2
Sun Java System Directory Server 5.0 2004Q2
Sun Java System Application Server Enterprise Edition 8.1 2005 Q1RHEL2.1/RHEL3
Sun Java System Application Server Enterprise Edition 8.1 2005 Q1
Sun Java System Application Server Enterprise Edition 8.2
Sun Java System Application Server Enterprise Edition 8.1 2005 Q1
Sun Java System Application Server Enterprise Edition 8.1
Sun Java System Application Server 8.0 Platform Edition
Sun Java System Application Server 8.2
Sun Java System Application Server 8.1
Sun Java System Application Server 8.0
Sun Java Enterprise System 5
Sun Java Enterprise System 2005Q4
Sun Glassfish Enterprise Server 2.1.1
Slackware Linux x86_64 - current
Slackware Linux 13.0 x86_64
Slackware Linux 13.0
Slackware Linux 12.2
Slackware Linux 12.1
Slackware Linux 12.0
Slackware Linux 11.0
Slackware Linux - current
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.4
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.3
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.2
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.1
S.u.S.E. openSUSE 11.0
S.u.S.E. Open-Enterprise - Server 0
S.u.S.E. Novell Linux POS 9
S.u.S.E. Novell Linux Desktop 9.0
rPath rPath Linux 2
rPath rPath Linux 1
rPath Appliance Platform Linux Service 2
rPath Appliance Platform Linux Service 1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Novell Groupwise 5.0.1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Novell Groupwise 4.1.7
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Novell Groupwise 4.1.4
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 5.0.2 MR1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 5.0.2
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 5.0.1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 5.0 SP2
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 5.0
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 4.1.7
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 4.1.4
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Domino 5.0.2 MR1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server for Domino 4.1.4
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Exchange 5.0.2 MR1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Exchange 5.0.2
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Exchange 5.0.1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Exchange 4.1.4
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Domino 5.0.2 MR1
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Domino 5.0.2
Rim Blackberry Enterprise Server Express for Domino 4.1.4
Redhat JBoss Enterprise Web Server for RHEL 5 Server 1.0
Redhat JBoss Enterprise Web Server for RHEL 4 ES 1.0
Redhat JBoss Enterprise Web Server for RHEL 4 AS 1.0
Redhat JBoss Enterprise Web Server EL4 0
Redhat JBoss Enterprise Web Server 5.0
Redhat Enterprise Virtualization Hypervisor 5
Redhat Enterprise Linux WS Extras 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux WS Extras 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux WS 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux WS 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux Workstation Supplementary 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Workstation Optional 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Workstation 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Supplementary 5 server
Redhat Enterprise Linux Server Supplementary 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Server Optional 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Server 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux SAP 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux HPC Node Supplementary 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux HPC Node Optional 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux HPC Node 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux for SAP 5 server
Redhat Enterprise Linux Extras 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux Extras 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux ES Extras 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux ES Extras 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux ES 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux ES 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop Workstation 5 client
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop Supplementary 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop Supplementary 5 client
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop Optional 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop 6
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop 5 client
Redhat Enterprise Linux AS for SAP 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux AS Extras 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux AS Extras 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux AS 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux AS 3
Redhat Enterprise Linux Desktop version 4
Redhat Enterprise Linux 5 Server
Redhat Desktop Extras 4
Redhat Desktop Extras 3
Redhat Desktop 3.0
ProZIlla ProZilla Download Accelarator 1.4 .0
ProZIlla ProZilla Download Accelarator 1.3.2
ProZIlla ProZilla Download Accelarator 1.2.1
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.2 rc3
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.2 rc2
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.2
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.1
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3 rc3
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3 a
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3 .0rc2
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3 .0rc1
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.2b
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.2a
Pardus Linux 2009 0
Oracle Weblogic Server 10.3.3
Oracle Weblogic Server 10.3.2
Oracle Weblogic Server 9.2.4
Oracle Weblogic Server 9.2 MP3
Oracle Weblogic Server 9.1
Oracle Weblogic Server 9.0 GA
Oracle Weblogic Server 8.1 SP6
Oracle Weblogic Server 7.0 SP7
Oracle Weblogic Server 10.3.4
Oracle Weblogic Server 10.0 MP2
Oracle Transportation Manager 6.1
Oracle Transportation Manager 6.0
Oracle Transportation Manager 5.5
Oracle Oracle11g Standard Edition 11.1 .7
Oracle Oracle11g Standard Edition 11.2.0.2.0
Oracle Oracle11g Standard Edition 11.2.0.1.0
Oracle Oracle11g Enterprise Edition 11.2.0.2.0
Oracle Oracle11g Enterprise Edition 11.2.0.1.0
Oracle Oracle11g Enterprise Edition 11.1.0.7
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.2 .5
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.2 .3
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.1 .5
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.1 .4
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.1 .0.5
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.1 .0.4
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.1 .0.3
Oracle Oracle10g Standard Edition 10.2.0.4
Oracle Oracle10g Personal Edition 10.2 .5
Oracle Oracle10g Personal Edition 10.2 .3
Oracle Oracle10g Personal Edition 10.1 .5
Oracle Oracle10g Personal Edition 10.1 .4
Oracle Oracle10g Personal Edition 10.2.0.4
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.2 .5
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.2 .3
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.1 .5
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.1 .4
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.1 .0.4
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.1 .0.3
Oracle Oracle10g Enterprise Edition 10.2.0.4
Oracle Identity Management 10.1.4.3
Oracle Identity Management 10.1.4.0.1
Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.4.0
Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.3.0
Oracle Fusion Middleware 11.1.1.2.0
Oracle Application Server 10.1.3.5.0
Oracle Application Server 10.1.2.3
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.51
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.50
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.0.2
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.0 2
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.0 1
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.0
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.64
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.63
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.62
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.61
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.60 beta 1
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.60
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.52
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.51
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.50 beta
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.5
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.27
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.26
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.25
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.24
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.23
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.22
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.21
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.20 beta 1
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.20
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.10
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.02
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9.01
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 9
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.54
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.53
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8.52
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 8 Beta 3
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 10.10
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 10.1
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 10.01
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 10
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.9
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.8
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.7
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.6
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.5
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.4
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.3
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.2
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0.1
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0 beta11
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.0
OpenVPN OpenVPN 1.6 .0
OpenVPN OpenVPN 1.5 .0
OpenVPN OpenVPN 1.4.3
OpenVPN OpenVPN 1.4.2
OpenVPN OpenVPN 1.4.1
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.1-rc9
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.1-rc8
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.1-beta14
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 k
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 j
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 i
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 h
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 e
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 d
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 c
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 b
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 a
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 m
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 l
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 k
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 j
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 i
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 h
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 g
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 f
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 e
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 d
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 c
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 beta3
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 beta2
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 beta1
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 b
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7 a
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.7
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 m
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 l
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 k
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 j
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 i
+ HP Apache - Based Web Server 1.3.27 .01
+ HP Apache - Based Web Server 1.3.27 .00
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0.1 .01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .07.01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .06.02
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .06.01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .05.01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .04.01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .03.01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .02.01
+ HP HP - UX Apache - Based Web Server 1.0 .01
+ MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 2.1 x86_64
+ MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 2.1
+ Mandriva Linux Mandrake 9.1 ppc
+ Mandriva Linux Mandrake 9.1
+ Mandriva Linux Mandrake 9.0
+ S.u.S.E. Linux Personal 8.2
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 h
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 g
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 f
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 e
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 d
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 c
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 b-36.8
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 b
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6 a
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.6
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.5 a
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.5
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.4
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.3
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.2 b
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.1 c
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8g
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8f
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8 f
OpenOffice OpenOffice 3.1.1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 3.1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.4.3
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.4.2
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.4.1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.3.1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.3
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.2.1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.2
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.0.4
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.0.3 - 1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.0.3
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.0.2
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.0.1
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.0 Beta
OpenOffice OpenOffice 3.2
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.4
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.2
OpenOffice OpenOffice 2.1
OpenBSD OpenBSD 4.6
OpenBSD OpenBSD 4.5
Novell Access Manager 3.1 SP2
Novell Access Manager 3.1 SP1
Novell Access Manager 3.1
NetBSD NetBSD 5.0.1
NetBSD NetBSD 4.0.2
NetBSD NetBSD 4.0.1
NetBSD NetBSD Current
NetBSD NetBSD 5.0
NetBSD NetBSD 4.1
NetBSD NetBSD 4.0
Mozilla Thunderbird 3.0.2
Mozilla Thunderbird 3.0.1
Mozilla Thunderbird 3.0
Mozilla SeaMonkey 2.0.3
Mozilla SeaMonkey 2.0.2
Mozilla SeaMonkey 2.0.1
Mozilla SeaMonkey 2.0
Mozilla Network Security Services ( NSS ) 3.12.3
Mozilla Network Security Services ( NSS ) 3.12.2
Mozilla Network Security Services ( NSS ) 3.12
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.8
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.7
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.6
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.5
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.4
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.3
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.2
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.1
Mozilla Firefox 3.5
Mozilla Firefox 3.6
Microsoft Windows XP Tablet PC Edition SP3
Microsoft Windows XP Tablet PC Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows XP Tablet PC Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows XP Tablet PC Edition
Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition SP3
Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition
Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP3
Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP2
Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP1
Microsoft Windows XP Professional
Microsoft Windows XP Media Center Edition SP3
Microsoft Windows XP Media Center Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows XP Media Center Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows XP Media Center Edition
Microsoft Windows XP
Home SP3
Microsoft Windows XP
Home SP2
Microsoft Windows XP
Home SP1
Microsoft Windows XP
Home
Microsoft Windows XP Gold 0
Microsoft Windows XP Embedded SP3
Microsoft Windows XP Embedded SP2
Microsoft Windows XP Embedded SP1
Microsoft Windows XP Embedded
Microsoft Windows XP 64 - bit Edition Version 2003 SP1
Microsoft Windows XP 64 - bit Edition Version 2003
Microsoft Windows XP 64 - bit Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows XP 64 - bit Edition
Microsoft Windows XP 0
Microsoft Windows Vista x64 Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista x64 Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista x64 Edition 0
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate 64 - bit edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate 64 - bit edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate 64 - bit edition 0
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium 64 - bit edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium 64 - bit edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium 64 - bit edition 0
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic 64 - bit edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic 64 - bit edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic 64 - bit edition 0
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise 64 - bit edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise 64 - bit edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise 64 - bit edition 0
Microsoft Windows Vista Business 64 - bit edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Business 64 - bit edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Business 64 - bit edition 0
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Ultimate
Microsoft Windows Vista SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Home Basic
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Enterprise
Microsoft Windows Vista Business SP2
Microsoft Windows Vista Business SP1
Microsoft Windows Vista Business
Microsoft Windows Vista beta 2
Microsoft Windows Vista Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Vista Beta
Microsoft Windows Vista 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Standard Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Standard Edition 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for x64 - based Systems SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for x64 - based Systems R2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for x64 - based Systems 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for Itanium - based Systems SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for Itanium - based Systems R2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for Itanium - based Systems 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for 32 - bit Systems SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 for 32 - bit Systems
0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Enterprise Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Enterprise Edition 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Datacenter Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 Datacenter Edition 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 SP2 Beta
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 x64 SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 x64 SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Web Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Web Edition SP1 Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Web Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Web Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Terminal Services 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Standard x64 Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Standard Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Standard Edition SP1 Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Standard Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Standard Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Itanium SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Itanium SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Itanium 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise x64 Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise x64 Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition Itanium SP1 Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition Itanium SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition Itanium 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition SP1 Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter x64 Edition SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter x64 Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition Itanium SP1 Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition Itanium SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition Itanium 0
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition SP1 Beta 1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 SP2
Microsoft Windows Server 2003 SP1
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2
Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate 0
Microsoft Windows 7 Starter 0
Microsoft Windows 7 Professional 0
Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium 0
Microsoft Windows 7 for x64 - based Systems 0
Microsoft Windows 7 for Itanium - based Systems 0
Microsoft Windows 7 for 32 - bit Systems
0
Microsoft Windows 2000 Terminal Services SP4
Microsoft Windows 2000 Terminal Services SP3
Microsoft Windows 2000 Terminal Services SP2
Microsoft Windows 2000 Terminal Services SP1
Microsoft Windows 2000 Terminal Services
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server SP4
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server SP3
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server SP2
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server SP1
Microsoft Windows 2000 Server
Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional SP4
Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional SP3
Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional SP2
Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional SP1
Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional
Microsoft Windows 2000 Datacenter Server SP4
Microsoft Windows 2000 Datacenter Server SP3
Microsoft Windows 2000 Datacenter Server SP2
Microsoft Windows 2000 Datacenter Server SP1
Microsoft Windows 2000 Datacenter Server
Microsoft Windows 2000 Advanced Server SP4
Microsoft Windows 2000 Advanced Server SP3
Microsoft Windows 2000 Advanced Server SP2
Microsoft Windows 2000 Advanced Server SP1
Microsoft Windows 2000 Advanced Server
Microsoft Windows 7
Microsoft IIS 7.5
Microsoft IIS 7.0
MatrixSSL MatrixSSL 1.8.7
MatrixSSL MatrixSSL 1.1
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2010.0 x86_64
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2010.0
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2009.1 x86_64
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2009.1
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2009.0 x86_64
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2009.0
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2008.0 x86_64
Mandriva Linux Mandrake 2008.0
MandrakeSoft Multi Network Firewall 2.0
MandrakeSoft Enterprise Server 5 x86_64
MandrakeSoft Enterprise Server 5
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 4.0 x86_64
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 3.0 x86_64
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 3.0
MandrakeSoft Corporate Server 4.0
Linksys Etherfast BEFW11S4 Wireless AP + Cable / DSL Router 1.42.7
Linksys Etherfast BEFW11S4 Wireless AP + Cable / DSL Router 1.40.3
Linksys Etherfast BEFW11S4 Wireless AP + Cable / DSL Router 1.37.9 b
Linksys Etherfast BEFW11S4 Wireless AP + Cable / DSL Router 1.37.2 b
Linksys Etherfast BEFW11S4 Wireless AP + Cable / DSL Router 1.37.2
Linksys EtherFast BEFVP41 Router 1.39.64
Linksys EtherFast BEFVP41 Router
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.44
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.43.3
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.43
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.42.7
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.42.3
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.41
Linksys EtherFast BEFSRU31 Router 1.40.2
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR81 Router 2.44
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR81 Router 2.42.7
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR81 Router
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.45.7
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.44
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.43.3
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.43
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.42.7
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.42.3
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.41
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.40.2
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.39
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.38
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.37
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.36
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.35
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR41 Router 1.0 5.00
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.44
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.43.3
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.43
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.42.7
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.42.3
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.41
Linksys EtherFast BEFSR11 Router 1.40.2
Ingate SIParator 4.7.1
Ingate SIParator 4.6.4
Ingate SIParator 4.6.1
Ingate SIParator 4.6
Ingate SIParator 4.5.2
Ingate SIParator 4.5.1
Ingate SIParator 4.4.1
Ingate SIParator 4.3.4
Ingate SIParator 4.3.3
Ingate SIParator 4.3.2
Ingate SIParator 4.3.1
Ingate SIParator 4.3
Ingate SIParator 4.2.3
Ingate SIParator 4.2.2
Ingate SIParator 4.2.1
Ingate SIParator 3.3.1
Ingate SIParator 3.2.1
Ingate SIParator 3.2
Ingate SIParator 3.1
Ingate SIParator 4.4
Ingate Firewalll 4.4
Ingate Firewall 4.7.1
Ingate Firewall 4.6.4
Ingate Firewall 4.6.1
Ingate Firewall 4.6
Ingate Firewall 4.5.2
Ingate Firewall 4.5.1
Ingate Firewall 4.4.1
Ingate Firewall 4.3.4
Ingate Firewall 4.3.3
Ingate Firewall 4.3.2
Ingate Firewall 4.3.1
Ingate Firewall 4.3
Ingate Firewall 4.2 .3
Ingate Firewall 4.2 .2
Ingate Firewall 4.2 .1
Ingate Firewall 4.1.3
IBM WebSphere MQ Internet Pass - Thru 2
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.7.3
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.7.2
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.7.1
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.6.1
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.8
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .9
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .7
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .5
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .3
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .25
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .23
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .21
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .19
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .17
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .15
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .13
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .11
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1 .1
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.0.1
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1.0.29
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1.0.27
IBM Tivoli Storage Manager 6.2.1
IBM Tivoli Storage Manager 6.2
IBM Tivoli Endpoint Manager 8.2 patch 3
IBM SDK for Java 6.1
IBM SDK for Java 6.0
IBM SDK for Java 5.0
IBM OS /400 V6R1M1
IBM OS /400 V6R1M0
IBM OS /400 V5R4M5
IBM OS /400 V5R4M0
IBM Java SE 6.0 SR7
IBM Java SE 6.0 SR6
IBM Java SE 6.0 SR5
IBM Java SE 5.0 SR11
IBM Java SE 5.0 SR10
IBM Java SDK 1.4.2 SR3
IBM Java SDK 1.4.2
IBM Java SDK 1.4.2 SR13 - FP2
IBM Java SDK 1.4.2 SR13 - FP1
IBM HTTP Server 6.0.2
IBM HTTP Server 2.0.47 .1
IBM HTTP Server 2.0.47
IBM HTTP Server 7.0
IBM HTTP Server 6.1.0
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.7.1
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.7
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1 Fix Pack 8
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1 Fix Pack 7
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1 Fix Pack 6a
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1 Fix Pack 6
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1 Fix Pack 4a
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1
IBM AIX 6.1.3
IBM AIX 6.1.2
IBM AIX 6.1.1
IBM AIX 5.3.10
IBM AIX 5.3.9
IBM AIX 5.3.8
IBM AIX 5.3.7
IBM AIX 6.1
IBM AIX 5.3
HP Virtual Connect 8 Gb 24 - Port FC Module 2.0
HP Virtual Connect 8 Gb 24 - Port FC Module 1.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.1.1
HP Systems Insight Manager C.05.00.02
HP Systems Insight Manager C 05.00.02
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.5.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.4
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.3.2
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.3.1
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.3
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.2.2
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.2.1
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.2
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 6.3
HP Systems Insight Manager 6.2
HP Systems Insight Manager 6.1
HP Systems Insight Manager 6.0.0.96
HP Systems Insight Manager 6.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.3 Update 1
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.3
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.2 SP2
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.1 SP1
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.0 SP6
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.0 SP5
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.0 SP3
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.0 SP2
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.0 SP1
HP Systems Insight Manager 5.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 4.2 SP2
HP Systems Insight Manager 4.2 SP1
HP Systems Insight Manager 4.2
HP System Management Homepage 6.0 .96
HP System Management Homepage 6.1
HP System Management Homepage 6.0.0.95
HP System Management Homepage 6.0
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 7.3 - 2
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 7.3 - 1
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 7.3
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 7.2 - 2
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 1.2
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 1.1 - 1
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 2.2
HP OpenVMS Secure Web Server 2.1-1
HP Onboard Administrator 3.32
HP Onboard Administrator 3.31
HP Onboard Administrator 3.21
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.5
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.4
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.3.2
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.3.1
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.3
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.2.2
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.2.1
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.2
HP Integrated Lights - Out 3 2.05
HP Integrated Lights - Out 2 1.16
HP HP -UX 11.23
HP HP -UX 11.11
HP HP -UX B.11.31
HP HP -UX B.11.31
HP HP -UX B.11.23
HP HP -UX B.11.23
HP HP -UX B.11.11
HP HP -UX B.11.11
HP HP -UX 11.31
Hitachi uCosminexus Service Platform 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Service Platform 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Service Platform 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Service Architect 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Service Architect 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Portal Framework 0
Hitachi uCosminexus Operator 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Standard 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Standard 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Standard 6.7
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Professional 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Professional 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Professional 6.7
Hitachi uCosminexus Developer Light 6.7
Hitachi uCosminexus Client 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Client 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Client 6.7
Hitachi uCosminexus Application Server Standard 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Application Server Standard 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Application Server Standard 6.7
Hitachi uCosminexus Application Server Enterprise 8
Hitachi uCosminexus Application Server Enterprise 7
Hitachi uCosminexus Application Server Enterprise 6.7
Hitachi IBM XL C/C++ Enterprise Edition V8 for AIX & Hitachi Developer 's 01-00 ( AIX )
Hitachi IBM XL C/C++ Enterprise Edition V7 for AIX & Hitachi Developer 's 01-00 ( AIX )
Hitachi Developer 's Kit for Java 0
Hitachi Cosminexus Studio Web Edition 4
Hitachi Cosminexus Studio Standard Edition 4
Hitachi Cosminexus Studio 5
Hitachi Cosminexus Server Web Edition 4
Hitachi Cosminexus Server Standard Edition 4
Hitachi Cosminexus Processing Kit for XML 0
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer Standard 6.0
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer Standard 6
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer Professional 6.0
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer Professional 6
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer Light 6
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer 5.0
Hitachi Cosminexus Developer 5
Hitachi Cosminexus Client 6
Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server Standard 6.0
Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server Standard 6
Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server Enterprise 6.0
Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server Enterprise 6
Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server 5.0
Hitachi Cosminexus Application Server 5.0
GNU GnuTLS 2.8.3
GNU GnuTLS 2.8.2
GNU GnuTLS 2.8.1
GNU GnuTLS 2.6.6
GNU GnuTLS 2.6.5
GNU GnuTLS 2.6.4
GNU GnuTLS 2.6.3
GNU GnuTLS 2.6.2
GNU GnuTLS 2.6.1
GNU GnuTLS 2.6
GNU GnuTLS 2.4.1
GNU GnuTLS 2.4
GNU GnuTLS 2.2.5
GNU GnuTLS 2.2.4
GNU GnuTLS 2.2.3
GNU GnuTLS 2.2.2
GNU GnuTLS 2.2.1
GNU GnuTLS 2.2
GNU GnuTLS 2.0
Gentoo Linux
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.0 .x
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.0 - STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.0 - RELEASE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.2- STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.2-RELEASE-p4
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.2-RELEASE-p1
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1 - STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1-RELEASE-p6
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1-RELEASE-p5
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1-RELEASE-p4
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1 - RELEASE-p2
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1 - RELEASE-p1
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.1 - PRE-RELEASE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0 - STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0-RELEASE-p8
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0-RELEASE-p3
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0-RELEASE-p12
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0-RELEASE-p11
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0-RELEASE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0 - RELENG
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0 - RELEASE-p9
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0 - PRERELEASE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 7.0
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4-RELENG
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4-RELEASE-p5
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4-RELEASE-p4
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4-RELEASE-p2
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4 - STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4 - RELEASE-p3
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.4 - RELEASE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3-RELEASE-p11
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3-RELEASE-p10
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3 - RELENG
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3 - RELEASE-p9
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3 - RELEASE-p8
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3 - RELEASE-p6
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.3
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.2 - STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.2 - RELENG
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.2
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.1 - STABLE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.1 - RELEASE -p10
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.1 - RELEASE
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.1
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.0- RELENG
FreeBSD FreeBSD 6.0 - RELEASE-p5
Fortinet Fortios 5.6
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.5
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.4
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.3
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.2
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.1
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.13
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.9
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.8
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.7
Fortinet FortiOS 5.0.3
Fortinet FortiOS 5.0.2
Fortinet FortiOS 5.0.1
Fortinet Fortios 4.7.7
Fortinet Fortios 4.3.19
Fortinet Fortios 4.3.17
Fortinet Fortios 4.3.15
Fortinet FortiOS 4.3.10
Fortinet Fortios 4.3.9
Fortinet FortiOS 4.3.8
Fortinet Fortios 4.3
Fortinet Fortios 4.2.13
Fortinet Fortios 4.2.12
Fortinet Fortios 4.1.11
Fortinet Fortios 4.1.10
Fortinet FortiOS 3.0
Fortinet FortiOS 2.80
Fortinet FortiOS 2.50
Fortinet FortiOS 2.36
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.0
Fortinet Fortios 5.2.0
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.6
Fortinet FortiOS 5.0.5
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.4
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.12
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.11
Fortinet Fortios 5.0.0
Fortinet FortiOS 5.0
Fortinet Fortios 4.3.18
Fortinet Fortios 4.3.16
Fortinet FortiOS 4.3.14
Fortinet FortiOS 4.3.13
Fortinet FortiOS 4.3.12
F5 WANJet 5.0.2
F5 WANJet 4.2.8
F5 WANJet 5.0
F5 WANJet 4.0
F5 FirePass 6.0.3
F5 FirePass 6.0.2
F5 FirePass 6.0.1
F5 FirePass 5.5.2
F5 FirePass 5.4.1
F5 FirePass 6.1
F5 FirePass 6.0.2.3
F5 FirePass 6.0
F5 FirePass 5.5
F5 FirePass 5.4
F5 FirePass 3.1
F5 FirePass
F5 Enterprise Manager 1.4.1
F5 Enterprise Manager 1.8
F5 Enterprise Manager 1.6
F5 Enterprise Manager 1.2
F5 BigIP SAM 8.0
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.4.6
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.4.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.3.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.2.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.2.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 9.1.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 3400 0
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.4.6
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.4.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.3.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.2.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.2.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 9.1.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1600 0
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.4.6
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.4.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.3.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.2.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.2.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 9.1.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1500 0
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.4.6
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.4.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.3.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.2.5
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.2.3
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 9.1.1
F5 BigIP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 1000 0
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 10.0.1
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 10.0
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 9.4.8
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 9.3.1
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 9.2.5
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 9.2.2
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 9.4
F5 BigIP Global Traffic Manager ( GTM ) 9.3
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 10.0.1
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 10.0
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 9.4.8
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 9.3.1
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 9.2.5
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 9.4
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 9.3
F5 BigIP Application Security Manager ( ASM ) 9.2
F5 BIG -IP WebAccelerator 10.0.1
F5 BIG -IP WebAccelerator 10.0
F5 BIG -IP WebAccelerator 9.4.8
F5 BIG -IP WebAccelerator 9.4
F5 BIG -IP WAN Optimization Module 10.0.1
F5 BIG -IP WAN Optimization Module 10.0
F5 BIG -IP PSM 10.0.1
F5 BIG -IP PSM 10.0
F5 BIG -IP PSM 9.4.8
F5 BIG -IP PSM 9.4.5
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 10.0.1
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 10.0
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.6.1
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.4.8
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.3.5
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.1.3
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.6
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.4
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.2
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 9.0
F5 BIG - IP Local Traffic Manager ( LTM ) 0
F5 BIG - IP Link Controller 10.0.1
F5 BIG - IP Link Controller 10.0
F5 BIG -IP Link Controller 9.4.8
F5 BIG - IP Link Controller 9.3.1
F5 BIG - IP Link Controller 9.2.5
F5 BIG -IP Link Controller 9.2.2
F5 BIG - IP Link Controller 9.4
F5 BIG - IP Link Controller 9.3
F5 BIG -IP 4.6.4
F5 BIG -IP 4.6.3
F5 BIG -IP 4.6.2
F5 BIG -IP 4.6.1
F5 BIG -IP 4.6
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.14
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.13
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.12
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.11
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.10
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.9
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.8
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.7
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.6
F5 BIG -IP 4.5.3
F5 BIG -IP 4.5
F5 ARX 5.0.6
F5 ARX 5.0
F5 3 - DNS 4.6.4
F5 3 - DNS 4.6.3
F5 3 - DNS 4.6.2
F5 3 - DNS 4.6.1
F5 3 - DNS 4.6
F5 3 - DNS 4.5.14
F5 3 - DNS 4.5.13
F5 3 - DNS 4.5.12
F5 3 - DNS 4.5.11
F5 3 - DNS 4.5
EMC RSA Data Protection Manager Applicance 3.2.1
EMC RSA Data Protection Manager Appliance 3.5
Debian Linux 6.0 sparc
Debian Linux 6.0 s/390
Debian Linux 6.0 powerpc
Debian Linux 6.0 mips
Debian Linux 6.0 ia -64
Debian Linux 6.0 ia-32
Debian Linux 6.0 arm
Debian Linux 6.0 amd64
Debian Linux 5.0 sparc
Debian Linux 5.0 s/390
Debian Linux 5.0 powerpc
Debian Linux 5.0 mipsel
Debian Linux 5.0 mips
Debian Linux 5.0 m68k
Debian Linux 5.0 ia -64
Debian Linux 5.0 ia-32
Debian Linux 5.0 hppa
Debian Linux 5.0 armel
Debian Linux 5.0 arm
Debian Linux 5.0 amd64
Debian Linux 5.0 alpha
Debian Linux 5.0
Debian Linux 4.0 sparc
Debian Linux 4.0 s/390
Debian Linux 4.0 powerpc
Debian Linux 4.0 mipsel
Debian Linux 4.0 mips
Debian Linux 4.0 m68k
Debian Linux 4.0 ia -64
Debian Linux 4.0 ia-32
Debian Linux 4.0 hppa
Debian Linux 4.0 armel
Debian Linux 4.0 arm
Debian Linux 4.0 amd64
Debian Linux 4.0 alpha
Debian Linux 4.0
Citrix Secure Gateway 3.1
Citrix Secure Gateway 3.0
Cisco Wireless Location Appliance 0
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 1130 2.0.5
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 1130 2.0 .2
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 1130 2.0
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 1105 2.5
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 1105 2.0.2
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 1105 2.0
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine 2.13
Cisco Wireless Lan Solution Engine
Cisco Wireless LAN Controllers 4.2.176.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Controllers 4.2.112.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Controller Module 0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 6.0.182 .0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 5.2.193 .0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 5.2.178 .0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.2.207 .0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.2.205 .0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.2.176 .51
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 6.0.188.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 6.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 5.2
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 5.1
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 5.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.2.173.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.2 M
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.2
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.1 M
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.1
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 4.0
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 3.2
Cisco Wireless Control System Software 4.0.96
Cisco Wireless Control System Software 4.0.95
Cisco Wireless Control System Software 4.0
Cisco Wireless Control System Software 4.1
Cisco Wireless Control System Software 3.2
Cisco Wireless Control System for Windows 0
Cisco Wireless Control System for Linux 0
Cisco Wireless Control System 4.2.62 .0
Cisco Wireless Control System 4.0.100 .0
Cisco Wireless Control System 5.2
Cisco Wireless Control System 4.2
Cisco Wireless Control System 4.1.91.0
Cisco Wireless Control System 0
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.1.5
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.0.19
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.0.18
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.0.17
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.0.13
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.0.9
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.0.7
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.2
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.1.1 b
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 0
Cisco Video Surveillance Operations Manager Software 0
Cisco Video Surveillance Media Server Software 0
Cisco Unified IP Phone SIP SSCP 8.0 ( 6 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone SIP 8.8(0 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone SCCP 8.2( 2) SR2
Cisco Unified IP Phone SCCP 8.0( 8 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone SCCP 3.3 ( 15 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone SCCP 3.2 ( 17 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone 8.8(0 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone 8.2(1 )
Cisco Unified IP Phone 8.0 ( 4) SR2
Cisco Unified IP Phone 8.0 ( 4) SR1
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7971G
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7970G
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7961G
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7960G
Cisco Unified IP
Phone 7960
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7941G
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7940G
Cisco Unified IP
Phone 7940
Cisco Unified IP
Phone 7936
Cisco Unified IP
Phone 7935
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7911G
Cisco Unified IP Phone 7906G
Cisco Unified IP Phone 0
Cisco Unified Contact Center Hosted ( UCCH ) ICM7 .
1(5 ) _ES46
Cisco Unified Contact Center Hosted ( UCCH ) 7.2( 3 )
Cisco Unified Contact Center Hosted ( UCCH ) 7.1( 5 )
Cisco Unified Contact Center Hosted 0
Cisco Unified Contact Center Express ( CCX ) 7.x
Cisco Unified Contact Center Express ( CCX ) 6.x
Cisco Unified Contact Center Express ( CCX ) 5.x
Cisco Unified Contact Center Express ( CCX ) 4.x
Cisco Unified Contact Center Express 0
Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise ( UCCE ) ICM7 .
1(5 ) _ES46
Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise ( UCCE ) 7 .2( 3 )
Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise ( UCCE ) 7.1( 5 )
Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise 0
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.1( 2a)su1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.1( 2 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.0( 3g )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.0 ( 2a)su1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.0 ( 2 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 7.0
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1( 4 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1( 3 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1( 2 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1 ( 1a )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1(1 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1 ( 3b)su1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1 ( 2)su1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.0(1 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.0 ( 1a )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1( 3g )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1 ( 3e )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1( 3d )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1( 3C )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1 ( 3a )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1( 3 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1 ( 2 b )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1 ( 2a )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5 .1( 2 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 5.1(1 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.3( 2) Sr1b
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.3( 2) SR1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.3( 2 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.3( 1) Sr.1
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.3
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.2(3)sr2
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.2 ( 3) SR4
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.2 ( 3) SR3
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 4.2 ( 3) SR2b
Cisco Unified Communication Manager Business Edition 0
Cisco Unified CallManager 6.0
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.1
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0 ( 4a) SU1
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0 ( 4 )
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0 ( 3a )
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0 ( 3 )
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0 ( 2 )
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0 ( 1 )
Cisco Unified CallManager 5.0
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.3( 2) SR1a
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.3(1)sr1
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.2( 3) SR4
b
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.2( 3) SR1
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.2
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1( 3) SR8a
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1( 3) SR8
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1( 3) SR7
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1( 3)sr5
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1( 3) SR4
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1 ( 3 ) SR5c
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1 ( 3) SR5 b
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.1
Cisco Unified CallManager 4.0
Cisco Unified CallManager 3.3( 5)sr3
Cisco Unified CallManager 3.3(5)sr2b
Cisco Unified CallManager 3.3( 5) SR2a
Cisco Unified CallManager 3.3
Cisco Telepresence Recording Server 0
Cisco Spam & Virus Blocker B - Series 0
Cisco Security Agent for IPCC Hosted 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent for IPCC Hosted 4.5.1 .616
Cisco Security Agent for IPCC Enterprise 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent for IPCC Enterprise 4.5.1 .616
Cisco Security Agent for ICM 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent for ICM 4.5.1 .616
Cisco Security Agent for CVP 3.1 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent for CVP 3.1 4.5.1 .573
Cisco Security Agent for CVP 3.0 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent for CVP 3.0 4.5.1 .573
Cisco Security Agent for CallManager 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent for CallManager 4.5.1 .628
Cisco Security Agent 5.1 .79
Cisco Security Agent 5.0 .193
Cisco Security Agent 4.5.1 .657
Cisco Security Agent 4.5.1 .639
Cisco Security Agent 4.5.1
Cisco Security Agent 4.5
Cisco Security Agent 4.0.3 .728
Cisco Security Agent 4.0.3
Cisco Security Agent 4.0.2
Cisco Security Agent 4.0.1
Cisco Security Agent 4.0
Cisco Security Agent 2.1
Cisco Security Agent 5.2
Cisco Security Agent 5.1
Cisco Security Agent 5.0.0.201
Cisco Security Agent 5.0
Cisco Security Agent 4.5.1.659
Cisco Security Agent 3.x
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2.2
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0.4 .3
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0.4
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0.1 .4
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2.3 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2.19 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2)19
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2)16
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2)15
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2)14
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 2)12
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1( 2 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 1) 5
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 1) 4
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1( 1) 2
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1 ( 1)13
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1( 1) 1
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.1
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4.9 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4.28 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4) 7
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4) 6
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4) 5
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4)28
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4)25
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4)24
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4)23
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4)22
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 4 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 3) 9
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 3)15
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 3)14
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 3)10
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0( 3 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 2)17
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0 ( 2 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 8.0
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2.( 2.8 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2.( 2.7 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2.( 2.19 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2.( 2.17 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2.( 2.16 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 4.30 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 4.18 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 4) 9
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 4) 7
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 4)30
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 4)27
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 4) 26
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 4) 2
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 4)16
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 4)11
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 4)10
Cisco PIX / ASA 7 .2( 4 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 3) 2
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 3)006
Cisco PIX / ASA 7 .2(3 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 2.24 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 2.15 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 2.14 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2( 2.10 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7 .2( 2 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2 ( 1.22 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2(1 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.2
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1.( 2.49 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1.( 2.48 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2.81 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2.79 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2.5 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2.27 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2)82
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2)78
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2)74
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2)71
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2)70
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1( 2 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1 ( 2.55 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.1
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 8.6 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 8 ) 6
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 8 ) 3
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 8 )
1
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 7)16
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 6.7 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 6.33 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 5.2 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0 ( 5 )
Cisco PIX / ASA 7.0
Cisco PIX / ASA 6.0
Cisco PIX 500 Series Security Appliance 7.1
Cisco PIX 500 Series Security Appliance 7.0
Cisco ONS 15540
Cisco ONS 15532 T31 OMDS Metro WDM System
Cisco ONS 15531 T31 OMDS Metro WDM System
Cisco ONS 15530
Cisco ONS 15500 Series 0
Cisco NX - OS 4.1( 4 )
Cisco NX - OS 4.0 ( 1a ) N2( 1 )
Cisco NX - OS 0
Cisco Network Analysis Module 3.1 patch 2
Cisco Network Analysis Module 0
Cisco IronPort Web Security Management Appliance M-Series 0
Cisco IronPort Web Security Appliance S- Series 0
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.5 2
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.3 4
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.7 7
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.7
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.6
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.5
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.4 1
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.2.4
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.5
Cisco IronPort Encryption Appliance 6.3
Cisco IronPort Email Security Appliance X - Series 0
Cisco IronPort Email Security Appliance C-Series 0
Cisco IP Communicator 0
Cisco FWSM for Cisco Catalyst 6500/7600 Series 2.3.1
Cisco FWSM for Cisco Catalyst 6500/7600 Series 1.1 ( 3.17 )
Cisco FWSM for Cisco Catalyst 6500/7600 Series 3.1
Cisco FWSM for Cisco Catalyst 6500/7600 Series
Cisco Digital Media Player 0
Cisco Digital Media Manager ( DMM ) 0
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 8.10.2 .65
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.50.3 .45
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.30 ( 00.09 ) S
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.30 ( 00.08 ) S
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.20 ( 03.10 ) S
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.20 ( 03.09 ) S
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.10 ( 05.07 ) S
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.5
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch 7.4
Cisco CSS11500 Content Services Switch
Cisco CSM 4.2.7
Cisco CSM 3.2.1
Cisco CSM 4.2.3a
Cisco CSM 4.2(8 )
Cisco CSM 4.2( 7 )
Cisco CSM 4.2( 6 )
Cisco CSM 4.2(5 )
Cisco CSM 4 .2( 4 )
Cisco CSM 4.2( 3a )
Cisco CSM 4.2( 3 )
Cisco CSM 4.2
Cisco CSM 2.1( 4 )
Cisco CSM
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.1.1 .4
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.1.1 .3
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.1.1 .2
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.1.1 .1
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.1.1
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.1
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.5 .4
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.5 .3
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.5 .2
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.5
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.4
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.3
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.2
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0.1
Cisco CNS Network Registrar 6.0
Cisco CiscoWorks Wireless LAN Solution Engine ( WLSE ) 0
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.1.1
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.0.6
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.0.5
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.0.4
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.0.3
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 2.2
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.2
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.1
Cisco CiscoWorks Common Services 3.0
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 7.0.4 .3
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 7.0.4
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 7.0
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 7.1
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 7.0
Cisco Application Velocity System 3120 5.0.1
Cisco Application Velocity System 3120 5.0
Cisco Application Velocity System ( AVS ) 3180A
Cisco Application Velocity System ( AVS ) 3180
Cisco Application Velocity System ( AVS ) 0
Cisco Application Networking Manager ( ANM ) 2.0 Update A
Cisco Application Networking Manager ( ANM ) 2.0
Cisco Application Networking Manager ( ANM ) 1.2
Cisco ACE Web Application Firewall 0
Cisco ACE Module A2 ( 1.3 )
Cisco ACE Module A2 ( 1.2 )
Cisco ACE Module A2 ( 1.1 )
Cisco ACE Module 0
Cisco ACE GSS 4400 Series Global Site Selector 0
Cisco ACE Appliance 0
Cisco ACE 4710 Appliance A3 ( 2.1 )
Cisco ACE 4710 Appliance A1 ( 8a )
Cisco ACE 4710 Appliance A1 ( 8.0 )
Cisco ACE 4710 Appliance 0
Cisco ACE 4700 Application Control Engine 0
Cisco Access Control Server ( ACS ) 0
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2.2
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2.1
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2-RC4
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2-RC3
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2-RC2
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2-RC1
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 8100 - C 0
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 200-C 0
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 5.2.6
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 5.2.4 .8
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 5.2.4 .3
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 5.2.2 .5
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.3.3
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.2.10
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.2.8 .7
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.2.6 .1
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.2.1 .6
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 5.2
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.3
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 4.2
Blue Coat Systems ProxySG 0
Blue Coat Systems PacketShaper 1700 0
Blue Coat Systems PacketShaper 10000 0
Blue Coat Systems PacketShaper 8.4
Blue Coat Systems PacketShaper 8.3.2
Blue Coat Systems PacketShaper 0
Blue Coat Systems Director 5.2.2 .5
Blue Coat Systems Director 4.2.2 .4
Blue Coat Systems Director 5.5
Blue Coat Systems Director 5.4
Blue Coat Systems Director 0
Blue Coat Systems Blue Coat Reporter 8.3.3 .1
Blue Coat Systems Blue Coat Reporter 9.2.3.1
Blue Coat Systems Blue Coat Reporter 9.1.5.1
Blue Coat Systems Blue Coat Reporter 8.3.7.1
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.2
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.0.7
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.0.6
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.0.5
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.2.1A
Avaya Voice Portal 5.1
Avaya Voice Portal 5.0 SP2
Avaya Voice Portal 5.0 SP1
Avaya Voice Portal 5.0
Avaya Voice Portal 4.1 SP2
Avaya Voice Portal 4.1 SP1
Avaya Voice Portal 4.1
Avaya Voice Portal 4.0
Avaya Voice Portal 3.0
Avaya Proactive Contact 4.1.2
Avaya Proactive Contact 4.1.1
Avaya Proactive Contact 3.0.3
Avaya Proactive Contact 3.0.2
Avaya Proactive Contact 4.1
Avaya Proactive Contact 4.0
Avaya Proactive Contact 3.0
Avaya Proactive Contact 0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server MM3.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 5.1
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 5.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 4.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 3.1 SP1
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 3.1
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 2.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server 1.0
Avaya Messaging Storage Server
Avaya Messaging Application Server MM 3.1
Avaya Messaging Application Server MM 3.0
Avaya Messaging Application Server MM 2.0
Avaya Messaging Application Server MM 1.1
Avaya Messaging Application Server 5
Avaya Messaging Application Server 4
Avaya Messaging Application Server 0
Avaya Message Networking MN 3.1
Avaya Message Networking 5.2
Avaya Message Networking
Avaya Meeting Exchange - Webportal 6.0
Avaya Meeting Exchange - Web Conferencing Server 0
Avaya Meeting Exchange - Streaming Server 0
Avaya Meeting Exchange - Recording Server 0
Avaya Meeting Exchange - Client Registration Server 0
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.0 .0.52
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.2 SP1
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.2
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.1 SP1
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.1
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.0 SP2
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.0 SP1
Avaya Meeting Exchange 5.0
Avaya IQ 5.1
Avaya IQ 5
Avaya Intuity AUDIX LX 2.0 SP2
Avaya Intuity AUDIX LX 2.0 SP1
Avaya Intuity AUDIX LX 2.0
Avaya Interactive Response 4.0
Avaya Interactive Response 3.0
Avaya Integrated Management Suite ( IMS ) 0
Avaya CVLAN
Avaya Communication Manager 5.1.2
Avaya Communication Manager 4.0.3 SP1
Avaya Communication Manager 3.1.4 SP2
Avaya Communication Manager 5.2
Avaya Communication Manager 5.1
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server DEFINITY
Server SI /CS
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8100
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8300
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8500
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8700
Avaya Communication Manager 5.0 SP3
Avaya Communication Manager 5.0
Avaya Communication Manager 4.0
Avaya Communication Manager 3.1
Avaya CMS Server 16.0
Avaya CMS Server 15.0
Avaya Aura System Platform 6.0
Avaya Aura System Platform 1.0
Avaya Aura System Manager 6.0 SP1
Avaya Aura System Manager 5.2
Avaya Aura System Manager 1.0
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 5.2.1
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 3.1.1
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 3.1
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 5.2
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 5.1
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 5.0
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 4.0
Avaya Aura SIP Enablement Services 3.1
Avaya Aura Session Manager 6.0
Avaya Aura Session Manager 5.2
Avaya Aura Session Manager 1.1
Avaya Aura Presence Services 0
Avaya Aura Conferencing 6.0 Standard
Avaya Aura Conferencing 6.0
Avaya Aura Communication Manager 5.2
Avaya Aura Communication Manager 5.1
Avaya Aura Communication Manager 4.0
Avaya Aura Communication Manager 4.0
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 4.2.2
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 4.2.1
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 4.0.1
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 3.1.6
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 3.1.5
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 3.1.4
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 3.1.3
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 5.2
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 4.2
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 4.1
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 4.0
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 3.1
Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services 3.0
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.4.1 .0
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.4 .3
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.4 .2
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.3 .0
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2 6
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2 .18
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2 .17
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2 .11
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 2.5.6 .0
Arubanetworks ArubaOS RN 3.1.1
Arubanetworks ArubaOS RN 3.1.0.0
Arubanetworks ArubaOS RN 3.1.0
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2.14-FIPS
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2.13-FIPS
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 2.4.8.0-FIPS
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.6.4
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.6.3
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.6.2
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.6.1
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.8
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.7
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.6
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.5
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.4
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.3
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.2
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5.1
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.11
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.10
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.9
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.8
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.7
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.6
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.5
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.4
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.3
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.2
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4.1
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.4
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.6
Apple Mac OS X Server 10.5
Apple Mac OS X 10.6.4
Apple Mac OS X 10.6.3
Apple Mac OS X 10.6.2
Apple Mac OS X 10.6.1
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.8
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.7
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.6
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.5
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.4
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.3
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.2
Apple Mac OS X 10.5.1
Apple Mac OS X 10.5
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.11
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.10
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.9
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.8
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.7
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.6
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.5
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.4
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.3
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.2
Apple Mac OS X 10.4.1
Apple Mac OS X 10.4
Apple Mac OS X 10.6
Apple Mac OS X 10.5
Apache Apache 2.2.14
Apache Apache 2.2.13
Apache Apache 2.2.12
Apache Apache 2.2.11
Apache Apache 2.2.10
Apache Apache 2.2.9
Apache Apache 2.2.8
Apache Apache 2.2.6
Apache Apache 2.2.5
Apache Apache 2.2.4
Apache Apache 2.2.3
Apache Apache 2.2.2
Apache Apache 2.2.1
Not Vulnerable : Zeus Technologies Zeus Web Server 4.3r5
VooDoo cIRCle 1.1.38
VMWare vCenter 4.1 Update 1
VMWare ESX Server 4.1 ESX410 - 201101201
Sun SDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.4.2_26
Sun SDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.4.2_26
Sun SDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.4.2_26
Sun OpenSolaris build snv_129
Sun JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_19
Sun JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_19
Sun JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_19
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_19
Sun JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.5.0_24
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_19
Sun JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.5.0_24
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_19
Sun JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.5.0_24
Sun Java System Web Server 7.0 Update 7
Sun Java System Web Proxy Server 4.0.13
ProFTPD Project ProFTPD 1.3.2c
Oracle JRE ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_22
Oracle JRE ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_22
Oracle JRE ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_22
Oracle JDK ( Windows Production Release ) 1.6.0_22
Oracle JDK ( Solaris Production Release ) 1.6.0_22
Oracle JDK ( Linux Production Release ) 1.6.0_22
Opera Software Opera Web Browser 10.50
OpenVPN OpenVPN 2.1-rc21
OpenSSL Project OpenSSL 0.9.8l
OpenOffice OpenOffice 3.2.1
Mozilla Thunderbird 3.0.4
Mozilla SeaMonkey 2.0.4
Mozilla Network Security Services ( NSS ) 3.12.5
Mozilla Firefox 3.6.2
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.9
MatrixSSL MatrixSSL 1.8.8
Ingate SIParator 4.8.1
Ingate Firewall 4.8.1
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.8 .1
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.7.3 .7
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.7.2 .8
IBM WebSphere DataPower SOA Appliance Firmware 3.7.1 .12
IBM Websphere Application Server 6.1.0.31
IBM Tivoli Storage Manager 6.2.2
IBM Tivoli Endpoint Manager 8.2.1310
IBM Java SE 5.0 SR11 PF1
IBM HTTP Server 7.0.4.27
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.7.2
IBM DB2 Universal Database 9.1 Fix Pack 9
HP Virtual Connect 8 Gb 24 - Port FC Module 3.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.5.1
HP Systems Insight Manager 7.0
HP Systems Insight Manager 6.1
HP System Management Homepage 6.2
HP System Management Homepage 6.1.0.103
HP System Management Homepage 6.1.0.102
HP Matrix Operating Environment 7.5.1
Fortinet Fortios 5.4.6
Fortinet Fortios 5.6.1
EMC RSA Data Protection Manager Appliance 3.5.1
EMC RSA Data Protection Manager Appliance 3.2.4.2
Cisco Wireless LAN Control 6.0.196.0
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.2.1
Cisco Wide Area Application Services ( WAAS ) 4.1.7
Cisco Video Surveillance Media Server Software 6.2.1
Cisco Video Surveillance Media Server Software 4.2.1
Cisco Unity Connection 8.0( 1 )
Cisco Unified IP Phones 9.0.3
Cisco Unified IP Phones 9.0.2
Cisco Unified Intelligent Contact Management Enterprise 8.0(1 )
Cisco Unified Intelligent Contact Management Enterprise 7.5(8 )
Cisco Unified Computing System Blade - Server 4.0 ( 1a ) N2( 1.2 j )
Cisco Unified Computing System Blade - Server 4.0 ( 1a ) N2( 1.2h )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 8.0( 0.98000.106 )
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 6.1(5 )
Cisco Security Agent 6.0 ( 2.099 )
Cisco Security Agent 6.0 ( 1.126 )
Cisco NX - OS 5.0
Cisco NX - OS 4.2( 3 )
Cisco NX - OS 4.1( 3) N2 ( 1a )
Cisco network Collector 6.1
Cisco Network Analysis Module 4.1 ( 1 - patch2 )
Cisco Mobile Wireless transport Manager ( MWTM ) 6 .1 ( 2 )
Cisco IronPort Web Security Appliance S- Series 6.3.3
Cisco IronPort Email Security Appliance X - Series 7.0.1
Cisco IronPort Email Security Appliance C-Series 7.0.1
Cisco Catalyst 7600 4.1( 1 )
Cisco Catalyst 7600 4.0 ( 9 )
Cisco Catalyst 7600 3.2( 15 )
Cisco Catalyst 7600 3.1 ( 17 )
Cisco Catalyst 6500 4.1(1 )
Cisco Catalyst 6500 4.0( 9 )
Cisco Catalyst 6500 3.2( 15 )
Cisco Catalyst 6500 3.1 ( 17 )
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 8.3( 0.08 )
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 8.2( 1.16 )
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 8.1( 2.39 )
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 8.0 ( 5.6 )
Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance 7.2( 4.44 )
Cisco Application & Content Networking Software ( ACNS ) 5.5.17
Cisco ACE Application Control Engine Module 3.0( 0 ) A2( 2.3 )
Cisco ACE Application Control Engine Module 3.0(0 ) A2(2.2.28 )
Cisco ACE 4700 Series Application Control Engine Appliances 3.0(0 ) A3( 2.4.61 )
Bsdperimeter pfSense 1.2.3
Blue Coat Systems Director 5.5.2.3
Blue Coat Systems Blue Coat Reporter 9.2.4.1
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.2.1B
Balabit syslog -ng Premium Edition 3.0.7a
Avaya Aura Communication Manager 6.0.1
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server DEFINITY
Server SI /CS
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8100
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8300
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8500
+ Avaya Communication Manager Server S8700
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.4.1 .1
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.4 .7
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.3 .2
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 3.3.2 .23
Arubanetworks ArubaOS 2.5.6 .24
Arubanetworks ArubaOS RN 3.1.4
Apache Apache 2.2.15
Today the Hong Kong Arts Festival announced details of the forthcoming 38th Hong Kong Arts Festival 2010 .
In 37 different venues within a period of 32 days - from 25 February through to 28 March 2010 - the Arts Festival will present over 100 performing arts and theater shows that feature 41 performing groups * - 29 from overseas and 12 from Hong Kong .
A range of exceptional artists from around the world will participate in the Arts Festival , including 786 overseas performers and 500 local performers and supporting staff .
The Hong Kong Arts Festival Chairman Mr Charles
Lee said , " The Festival 's wide range of excellent programmes compliments Hong Kong 's international status , enhances the quality of life for residents and attracts visitors .
Also , the Hong Kong Arts Festival continues to explore different types of performance venues , presenting performances in unconventional spaces , to enhance the audiences ' experience . "
Once again , the Hong Kong Arts Festival presents groundbreaking works and expands the horizons of Hong Kong artists and audiences with performing arts and theater shows that are visionary , multi- disciplined and original .
Much more than an annual cultural feast for Hong Kong , the Arts Festival is a meeting place for creative minds , a showcase of the best international and local talent and a platform for innovative new works .
The 2010 programme surpasses the hallmark of excellence for which the Arts Festival is known .
" From the driving rhythms of Paganini at the IFC to the elegiac strains of naamyam in the tranquil Nan Lian Garden ; listening to Chopin or Samson Young 's electronic game music at former industrial sites in Quarry Bay and Kwun Tong ; and with world music diva Sa Dingding at Star Hall in Kowloon Bay , this Festival is reflective of Hong Kong in its diversity and energy , " said the Hong Kong Arts Festival Executive Director Ms Tisa Ho .
" This is an upbeat festival , with many productions informed by a sense of possibility based on strong personal conviction . "
Cultural Heritage
Opening the 38th Hong Kong Arts Festival is Cantonese Opera Treasures , three evenings of rarely performed Set Pieces and seminal classics featuring more than 150 Cantonese opera performers from the Chinese Artists Association of Hong Kong .
This local art form is one of the latest additions to the UNESCO list of intangible cultural heritage .
Another Cantonese vernacular art naamyam will also be celebrated at this Arts Festival .
Three leading female naamyam singers from three different generations and cities - Hong Kong , Macau and Guangzhou - will come together for two concerts to capture the sound of this rapidly disappearing regional narrative singing .
Meanwhile , China 's leading kun opera troupe , Suzhou Kun Opera Theater of Jiangsu Province , performs Professor Pai Hsien - yung 's latest production The Story of Jade Hairpin , along with the rarely staged classic The Hairpin and the Bracelet and an important collection of excerpts by literary giant Tang Xianzu .
For the first time , the Hong Kong Arts Festival presents the total capacity of a legendary company , St Petersburg 's Mariinsky Theatre ( formerly known as the Kirov ) .
Artistic Director Valery Gergiev will lead the combined forces of the Mariinsky Orchestra , Opera and Ballet ] .
The Mariinsky Opera brings their critically acclaimed and award - winning new production of Britten 's The Turn of the Screw , which Gergiev will conduct .
The Mariinsky Ballet shows off its fabulous dancers in Pepita 's joyous classic Don Quixote .
Gergiev will also direct the Mariinsky Orchestra in two concerts of dramatic music by Tchaikovsky and Wagner , and symphonic works by Russian masters Shostakovich and Prokofiev which will be the grand Festival Finale .
Powerful Music :
This year , the Hong Kong Arts Festival presents six orchestras .
Three visiting orchestras will be led by celebrated conductors .
In addition to the ferociously energetic Gergiev conducting the Mariinsky Orchestra , Christoph von Dohnányi heads the Philharmonia Orchestra 's eagerly anticipated return to Hong Kong with refined interpretations of Austrian and German masterworks .
The innovative René Jacobs appears with the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra for two enlightening performances of classical masterpieces by Mozart and Haydn .
Hong Kong 's own Philharmonic Orchestra , Chinese Orchestra and Sinfonietta will continue to contribute to the Festival , with the city 's trio of music directors , de Waart , Yang and Yip , at the helm .
In addition to the orchestral fare , a wide - ranging repertoire of chamber music is on offer , bringing together emerging stars and established luminaries .
René Jacob 's former student , acclaimed countertenor Andreas Scholl partners with lutenist Edin Karamazov to perform a feast of 16th and 17th century songs by John Dowland and contemporaries .
The World Harmonica Champion from Hong Kong , King 's Harmonica Quintet , creates a musical journey from Western China to South America .
Recitals by pianists Mark Latimer and Mikhail Rudy promise to be exhilarating piano experiences and displays of superhuman virtuosity .
Latimer will play Alkan 's Concerto for Solo Piano and Chopin's Allegro de Concert on the composer 's 200th birthday , whereas Russian - born Rudy will play an all - Russian programme of Mussorgsky , Scriabin and Stravinsky .
Rudy will also team up with actor Peter Guinness in The Pianist - a boundary - crossing fusion of words and live music based on Polish pianist WBadysBaw Spzilman 's harrowing wartime memoir which is best known from the Oscar - winning film .
The Credit Suisse Emerging Artists Series of the Hong Kong Arts Festival draws together some of the hottest new talent on the international scene : historical keyboard specialist Sebastian Wienand joins the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra on fortepiano ; soprano Simone Osborne , one of the youngest Grand Winners of the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions , brings her sweet crystalline voice to lieder by Schumann and Richard Strauss ; and Finnish string quartet Meta4 brings their dynamic and authoritative interpretation of music by compatriots Sibelius and Verneri Pohjola .
The Hong Kong Arts Festival 's ExxonMobil Vision series continues to nurture exciting local artists : composer Samson Young turns old - school video games into a multi-sensory chamber concert experience , while young pianist Wong Chi-yan explores the spirituality of Liszt and Messiaen 's piano works .
An outstanding line - up of jazz and world music is in store .
Passion and sensuality unites the diverse sounds of these artists : the tango orchestra Café de los Maestros formed by giants from tango's golden age ; The Guy Barker Jazz Orchestra 's Mozart - inspired The Amadeus Project ; plus the highly original and energetic David Murray Black Saint Quartet .
Strong women also guide these eclectic musical visions : China 's world music diva and winner of the 2008 BBC World Music Award , Sa Dingding ; Spain 's coolest rumba - funk - hip - hop - electro - flamenco outfit Ojos de Brujo ; and four exceptional female singers - Patti Austin , Dianne Reeves , Simone and Lizz Wright - join hands to pay tribute to the extraordinary Nina Simone .
Modern Classics and New Works :
We find both modern classics and new works on the stage of the 2010 Arts Festival .
Gathering the best and most innovative theater - makers from Europe , America and Asia Pacific , as well as those from Hong Kong , these productions reach for dreams and ideals to create a better world .
In the ensemble of theater shows , Oscar - winning British film director Sam Mendes returns to the stage with Shakespeare 's The Tempest , starring the finest talents of New York and London theater ; Chinese theater innovator Lin Zhaohua dramatises short stories by China 's leading playwright Lao She , a special world premiere at the Hong Kong Arts Festival to celebrate the 111th anniversary of Lao 's birth .
Another British theater legend , Steven Berkoff , returns to Hong Kong with an exclusive Asian premiere of his latest theater shows , a bold , physical adaptation of the iconic film On the Waterfront .
In addition , New Zealand 's Red Leap Theatre brings Shaun Tan 's award - winning picture book The Arrival to life with expert puppetry and innovative stage designs , and creates one of the most enchanting , wordless theater shows about a stranger in a strange land .
Singapore 's W!LD RICE brings out the humour , energy , sexiness and physicality of George Orwell 's Animal Farm , whereas chelfitsch Theater Company , headed by Japan 's boundary - breaking young director Toshiki Okada , poetically reveals the disenchantment and disorientation of Japanese youth .
Providing a platform for local and emerging performing arts talent is one of the Arts Festival 's ongoing missions .
This year , the Hong Kong Arts Festival commissioned and produced two theater shows adding to the growing body of work created by Hong Kong 's talent .
Conceived by Fredric Mao ,
The Liaisons unites the best of Hong Kong film and theater artists , from the screenwriters of Infernal Affairs , Alan Mak and Felix Chong , to Oscar - winning designer Tim Yip ( Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ) .
Fredric Mao will continue to support local practitioners in the second year of the Mentorship Scheme , initiated by the Hong Kong Arts Festival last year .
The Truth About Lying is an insightful new theater show by the multi-award winning young writer Wong Wing - sze .
She will co-direct her play with the lead actor Lee Chun -chow .
The ever - experimental Danny Yung returns to the Arts Festival with an investigation into the notion of political correctness in performing arts based on kun opera classic Flee by Night .
In dance , Dutch National Ballet brings works by their national treasure , ballet choreographer Hans van Manen .
Selecting six iconic pieces from the master 's repertoire of nearly 120 works , the three programmes distill the essence of Van Manen 's creativity .
The Asia Pacific Dance Platform , initiated and curated by the Hong Kong Arts Festival , proudly enters its second season , bringing stimulating new dance pieces by six artists from four countries and five cities , and showcasing the latest trends from the region 's movers and shakers through inspiring workshops , discussions and performances .
New Venues :
To expand the scope and variety offered , and to introduce exciting , alternative performance experiences , the Hong Kong Arts Festival is holding events in venues newly made available for Festival performances : Star Hall , Hong Kong International Trade & Exhibition Centre ( HITEC ) in Kowloon Bay ( Sa Dingding ) ; Osage Kwun Tong gallery ( Samson Young 's The Third Pixel ) ; ArtisTree , Taikoo Place in Quarry Bay ( Mikhail Rudy's The Pianist ) ; Nan Lian Garden in Diamond Hill ( Naamyam - Songs of Love and Lament ) ; and we return to the 55th floor of IFC with a solo violin recital by Li Chuanyun , featuring selections from Paganini's 24 Caprices .
New Dimensions :
We continue to expand the scope of the Arts Festival and nurture the audiences of the future with a wide range of Festival PLUS programmes .
These include post - performance meet - the - artist sessions , talks , workshops , masterclasses , youth programmes and other events .
The Young Friends Scheme goes from strength to strength and continues to nurture and stimulate interest in performing arts among secondary school and university students .
Our budget for the 2010 Arts Festival is just under $ 70 million .
We have received a subvention of $ 17.18 million from the Government through the Leisure and Cultural Services Department , and the Hong Kong Jockey Club Charities
Trust will continue to support three pillar programmes with a donation of about $ 9 million .
The Arts Festival hopes to raise approximately $ 12.8 million through sponsorships and donations , and another $ 29 million through ticket sales .
The Hong Kong Arts Festival Programme & Booking Guide is available at all URBTIX outlets from 15 October 2009 .
We have produced a DVD / DVD - ROM of video introductions and audio excerpts that allows you to preview selected programmes .
Audiences may request a free DVD / DVD - ROM by returning the request form in the Programme & Booking Guide , or view video highlights of selected programmes on the Hong Kong Arts Festival website .
Discs are limited and will be distributed on a first - come , first - served basis .
Advance Bookings for the 38th Hong Kong Arts Festival will be accepted by post , fax or on the Hong Kong Arts Festival website from 15 October to 27 November , 2009 .
Counter Bookings will start on 5 December , 2009 .
Patrons can check in the Programme & Booking Guide or visit the Hong Kong Arts Festival website at http://www.hk.artsfestival.org for more details **.
For further enquiries , please contact Ms Katy Cheng , Marketing Director , at tel : ( 852 ) 2824 3555 or the following Marketing staff members :
Opera / Music programmes :
Mr Richard TSANG ( 852 ) 2828 4931
Chinese Opera / Theater / Dance programmes :
Ms Alexia CHOW ( 852 ) 2828 4933
Ms Gigi CHANG ( 852 ) 2828 4932
* The Mariinsky Ballet , the Mariinsky Opera and the Mariinsky Orchestra are counted as three individual performing groups in the statistics .
** The 38th Hong Kong Arts Festival website is developed by wwwins Consulting .
###
Der Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung ruft alle um die Freiheit ihrer Telekommunikation besorgten Bürger / innen auf , in Postkarten an die Verhandlungsführer / innen von FDP , CDU und CSU ein Ende der verdachtslosen Aufzeichnung all unserer Kommunikationsverbindungen und Handystandorte zu verlangen .
Für die Aktion stellt der Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung auf seiner Homepage vier Postkartenmotive zum Ausdrucken zur Verfügung , [ 1 ] auf denen es etwa heißt : " 0,006 % höhere Aufklärungsquote durch die Vorratsdatenspeicherung : Dafür alle erfassen ? "
Auf die Rückseite der Karten sollen die Teilnehmer mit einem Satz begründen , warum die Verhandlungsführer die freie und unbefangene Telekommunikation in Deutschland wieder herstellen sollen .
Als mögliche Empfänger der Karten veröffentlicht der Arbeitskreis die Anschriften aller 15 an den Koalitionsverhandlungen beteiligten Fachpolitiker / innen von FDP , CDU und CSU .
Gegen die 2007 von SPD , CDU und CSU beschlossene Vorratsdatenspeicherung haben über 34.000 Bürgerinnen und Bürger Verfassungsbeschwerde eingelegt - die größte Beschwerde in der Geschichte der Bundesrepublik .
[ 2 ]
Unter den Beschwerdeführern befinden sich auch Hermann Otto Solms und Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger ( FDP ) , [ 3 ] die an den aktuellen Koalitionsverhandlungen beteiligt sind .
Im Wahlprogramm der FDP heißt es wörtlich : [ 4 ]
" Die FDP fordert [...] die Abschaffung der Vorratsdatenspeicherung [...]
Die anlass - und verdachtsunabhängige Vorratsdatenspeicherung hat die FDP von Anfang an abgelehnt . "
Die " Freiheitskarten " des Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung :
http://www.vorratsdatenspeicherung.de/images/Freiheitskarten.pdf
Siehe auch : Appell an Frau Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger zum Stopp der Vorratsdatenspeicherung unterzeichnen ( Kampagne von FoeBuD e.V. und campact )
A new electronic voting system being used today for the first time in a government election in the U.S. will allow voters and elections auditors in Takoma Park , Md. to go online and verify whether votes have been correctly recorded .
The voting system is called Scantegrity and was developed by independent cryptographer David Chaum , along with researchers from the University of Maryland - Baltimore , the George Washington University , MIT , the University of Ottawa and the University of Waterloo .
It uses cryptographic techniques to let both voters and election auditors check whether votes have been cast and counted accurately .
The Scantegrity technology is being used to augment regular optical - scan voting systems in Takoma Park 's city council election .
To cast a vote , an individual takes a paper ballot and fills in the optical - scan oval next to the name of the selected candidate using a pen with a special type of ink .
When the bubble is filled , it reveals a three - digit confirmation number already printed on the ballot using an invisible marker .
That three - digit code is a sort of randomly generated cryptographic marker that 's used to associate the voter 's choice with the appropriate candidate .
The codes are separately randomized for each oval and for each ballot , ensuring that the codes do n't reveal who an individual voted for , Chaum said in an interview with Computerworld .
Voters can use that confirmation code to later log into the city 's election Web site to confirm that their votes were recorded accurately .
If the code is present on the Web site , it means the ballot was counted correctly , he said .
Scantegrity also lets election auditors -- and even third - party observers -- check whether the results were accurately tabulated without revealing how each individual vote was cast , Chaum said .
Though it is not possible to link an individual ballot to a specific candidate , auditors can verify that the codes do lead to the recorded votes .
Scantegrity uses cryptographic techniques to first map each code to the associated candidate and then completely conceals the link .
It then uses a concept known as " zero - knowledge proof " to show auditors that the codes do in fact correspond to the right candidates , said Aleks Essex , a PhD. student in computer science at the University of Ottawa who was involved in the Scantegrity effort .
Zero - knowledge proof is a way to demonstrate the authenticity of a statement without revealing any other details about the statement , said Essex .
For example , an individual could use a piece of paper with a hole cut in it to prove to a child that he knows the location of Waldo in a " Where 's Waldo " puzzle , Essex said .
By placing the hole over Waldo , he shows he knows Waldo 's location in the puzzle , but does n't reveal the exact location to child .
Scantegrity enables auditors to get the same sort of proof to show that confirmation codes in an election map to the right candidates , without revealing an individual voter 's choice , he said .
The results of today 's elections in Takoma Park are being audited by two officials , one of whom is from Harvard University .
" It is a really powerful thing to have public transparency of the tabulation process and yet preserve ballot secrecy , " Chaum said .
Because Scantegrity is built on open - source software , it can be used elsewhere to run similar audits against election results using custom tools , he said .
Pamela Smith , President of the Verified Voting Foundation , said that technologies such as Scantegrity do add an additional layer of integrity to the election process .
But to a large extent , optical - scan voting machines already offer a relatively high degree of verification support .
Because such machines save a record of the voter 's intent , auditors can go back and verify results if necessary , she said .
The bigger issue in Maryland is that the state needs to adopt optical - scan systems on a larger scale , she said .
Maryland is one of the few states that rely on touch - screen voting systems , which are costlier to operate and maintain than optical scan systems , she said .
Uncle Sam 's interventions in the housing market have pushed home prices 5 % higher on a national average than they would have been otherwise , Goldman Sachs estimates in a report released late Friday .
The government over the past year has slowed the pace of foreclosures through moratoria and the drive to modify mortgage terms to keep more borrowers in their homes .
It also has pumped up demand for housing by giving tax credits to many first - time home buyers and by driving down mortgage interest rates .
As a result , home prices in some areas have risen in recent months , particularly for homes that appeal to investors and first - time buyers .
Bidding wars for the more attractive bank - owned homes have become common .
But these artificial props wo n't last forever and may have created a false bottom in the market .
" The risk of renewed home - price declines remains significant , " Goldman economist Alec Phillips writes in the report , " and our working assumption is a further 5 % to 10 % decline by mid-2010 . "
Federal government policies encouraging loan mods have reduced the supply of homes on the market temporarily because it takes months for loan servicers ( the firms that collect mortgage payments ) to figure out which borrowers qualify .
Some states have added their own restrictions on foreclosures that drag out the process further .
In many cases , borrowers who get loan mods will default again within a year or so , meaning the problem has been delayed rather than solved .
That means there is a large but impossible - to - measure " shadow " inventory of homes that eventually will hit the market .
Goldman estimates the tax credit has boosted sales by 200,000 units .
Congress is debating whether to extend that credit beyond Nov. 30 .
Goldman says it " appears likely to be extended for at least a few months but probably no longer than through the first half of 2010 . "
Withings Wi -Fi Body
Scale already stands out in your bathroom : sleek , smooth and fully functional , the very opposite of the sagging meat sack you drag into the shower every morning .
Now it can beam your insecurities to your poor Twitter followers , automatically , before you have even thought about brewing a wake - up cup of coffee .
The Withings scale , you may remember , records body mass , fat levels and other paranoia - inducing statistics and compiles them for presentation on the web or on your iPhone .
Now , the $ 160 scale adds Twittering to its list of “ encouragements ” .
Set up your account details and the scale will reveal your weight to the world every time you hop on .
It can be configured to Tweet daily , weekly or monthly and will post the amount of lard you have to shed before you reach your goal .
The upscale scale has support for up to eight people and their accounts , making it easy to organize an ongoing bulimia marathon amongst housemates .
The most amazing part about this story , though , is that it features a weighing scale that can receive software updates over the air .
We ’re clearly living in the future .
Product page [ Withings .
Thanks , Jessica ! ]
See Also :
Israel 's predicament with the Judge Richard Goldstone 's report accusing it of war crimes in Gaza , and the report 's subsequent endorsement by the United Nations Human Rights Council , brings to mind the reaction of United States Vice - President Spiro Agnew to his indictment on corruption charges in 1973 : " The bastards , they changed the rules , but they never told me . "
Indeed , the rules have changed , and Israel cannot say that it was not warned that this is an era in which international law and universal justice are being forcefully promoted as pillars of an improved world order .
That was not the case when the Arab - Israeli conflict started more than 60 years ago .
Now , however , the international community is bound to scrutinize how wars are conducted , and crimes of war will not be allowed to go unpunished .
Or so it should be .
Alas , the new rules apply in fact only to those countries that are not world powers .
The UN's Human Rights Council would not have dared to put Russia in the dock for razing Grozny , Chechnya 's capital , or China for brutally suppressing the people of Tibet and the Muslim Uighur minority .
In her first visit to Beijing , indeed , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made it clear that when it comes to China , order and stability take priority over human rights .
After all , she explained to a European colleague , one is not supposed to abuse one 's banker .
And this particular banker finances the Pentagon 's entire budget .
Nor is it conceivable that the US or Britain would have been called to account by the Geneva Commission , itself composed by some of the most brutal abusers in the world , for the massive casualties they inflicted on civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The hundreds of civilian victims of NATO 's massive bombardment of Serbia in 1999 will likewise remain forever anonymous .
It is a major flaw of the system of international law that the application of the lofty principles of universal justice should be conditioned by the global balance of political power , and that the world 's most notorious abusers , such as Libya and Iran , are allowed to pose as guardians of human rights in UN agencies .
Can anyone really expect Israel to be impressed by Iran 's righteous criticism of its " defiance of the law " ?
Indeed , as Justice Richard Goldstone himself was dismayed to discover , the Human Rights Council chose to censure Israel exclusively while not even bothering to mention Hamas , which Goldstone explicitly accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
It is not entirely far - fetched to assume that an " Obama effect " is having an impact on Israel 's current international predicament .
The onslaught on Israel was indirectly encouraged by the now widespread perception that , with Obama in the White House , America 's unwavering support for the Jewish state can no longer be taken for granted .
The indifference of some European countries towards Israel 's call for help during the debate over the Goldstone report was not unrelated to their frustration at Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu 's refusal to freeze the settlements , as Obama has been insisting .
But , however understandable Israel 's sense of being wrongfully treated might be , it should hold itself to higher standards , and avoid entrenching itself behind the walls of its own convictions .
Israel 's exploits in Gaza were a Pyrrhic victory , and the country is now bound to change its war doctrine of " offensive defense . "
A show of devastating force , with limited Israeli casualties at the price of an unlimited number of Palestinian civilian casualties , is no longer internationally sustainable .
If repeated , this approach will irretrievably undermine Israel 's standing in the family of nations .
Israel will have to adapt its war doctrine to the modern battlefield and to the sensibilities of the international community .
Regular armies are no longer the exclusive threat to countries ' security .
Non-state actors - like Hamas and Hezbollah , or the Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan - that shield themselves behind a defenseless civilian population expose the widening gap between the traditional rules of war and the realities of today 's battlefield .
It is doubtful whether Israel has the capacity to forge an international alliance that would adapt the rules of war to the conditions of asymmetric warfare .
The Goldstone report is not necessarily bad news for peace prospects in the Middle East .
Arguably , the war in Gaza created a new kind of mutual deterrence in this war - torn region .
Hamas was definitely deterred by Israel 's merciless offensive , and Israel , whether it admits it or not , is bound to be deterred by the specter of Israeli leaders and army officers becoming the object of arrest warrants in Europe .
The entire legal process might well be cut short by a US veto at the UN Security Council , and Israel might still stick to its traditional claim about its right of self - defense .
But the truth is that Israel 's hands have been tied .
Its leaders will now have to take much more resolute steps on the way to peace if the argument that they used to derail the Goldstone Report - that it should be seen as " hindering the peace process " - is to have any credibility at all .
And you think your parents are bad ?
This Is
It comes out this weekend .
To celebrate , Joe Jackson is n't remembering his son's life .
He 's telling Extra that Michael Jackson 's worth more dead than he is alive .
No , really .
Yesterday , there was this tiny item buried in the New York Post .
Maybe they wanted to be nice to a publicist ?
Or maybe because this kind of thing was too ghoulish even for Halloween .
Michael Jackson 's dad thinks the singer is " worth more dead than when he was alive . "
Joe Jackson , 80 , let that slip last night in an interview on the syndicated TV show " Extra . "
Jackson — decked out in creepy sunglasses and a blinged - out , black , chalk - stripe suit — quickly recognized his gaffe and blurted out , " I 'd rather have him alive . "
One hell of a necrophiliac Freudian slip , right ?
Extra has the item up on their site , but no video , yet : again , wonder why .
Meanwhile , when the early week 's numbers for This Is It are n't being praised / castigated / positioned both ways by Nikki Finke , the movie 's been predicted by Box Office Guru to possibly - maybe - break the $ 20 M mark by the end of the weekend , which is short of the earlier predicted $ 30 M mark .
Whether or not it's " impressive " or a " disappointment , " however ?
Meh .
Leave it to studios and math geeks .
All that matters is that Joe Jackson sees dollah dollah bills , y'all .
Which means Jackson is a star yet again .
Give this man awards , Al Sharpton !
Abusive in life , abusive in death .
Parents wo n't stop being embarrassing until the universe just flat - out ends .
[ Photo via Bauer - Griffin / Garry Sun . ]
Surreal , simple , and peculiar is how Brawl in the Family started out , and I enjoy dipping into oddball visual gags like this from time to time .
You may have noticed that things feel a little differently around here , though .
I ’m proud to present Brawl in the Family ’s official site redesign !
Yes , thanks to many tireless hours from site designer Chris , we ’ve assembled a bevy of new images and goodies for you to peruse , as well as a WORKING RSS FEED (! ) and some other nifty additions .
Keep in mind that everything is still at a pretty early stage , so we ’ll be hammering out the issues over the next several days ( similar to how our forums had to adjust over a few days ) .
But for now , take your time and look through the site .
– Matthew
Yes , it ’s been a long time coming .
I hope you like the new design !
Please be aware that this is still a work in progress and we will be smoothing out the rough spots and adding additional content in the weeks to come .
Thanks for reading !
– Chris
A lot of people with fibromyalgia ( FMS ) have sleep disorders , and restless legs syndrome ( RLS ) is a common one .
Most doctors , researchers , and FMS patients will tell you that the better you sleep , the milder your FMS symptoms will become .
Getting a good night 's sleep , however , is easier said than done .
The first step toward sleeping better is to diagnose and treat any sleep disorders you may have , which usually involves a sleep study .
What Is Restless Legs Syndrome ?
People with RLS have strange sensations in their legs , such as creeping , burning , crawling or tugging feelings .
Sometimes these sensations are fairly minor , while other times , they 're painful .
The sensations start when you relax , which means they can keep you from falling asleep or wake you up several times throughout the night , causing you to be exhausted and have a hard time functioning .﻿﻿
RLS is a neurological condition , but we do n't yet know what causes it .
Some cases may have a genetic cause , while others are believed to be related to :
Anemia
Pregnancy ( especially in the last trimester )
Chronic diseases , including :
Diabetes
Parkinson 's disease
Kidney failure
Peripheral neuropathy
Why Do FMS and RLS Go Together ?
So far , we do n't know the underlying causes of either FMS or RLS .
Until we learn more about these conditions , we likely wo n't understand why they frequently occur together .
Both FMS and RLS are considered neurological conditions , so they may have common mechanisms in the brain and / or nervous system .
A theory with growing scientific support is that both of these conditions are central sensitivity syndromes .
Diagnosing Restless Legs Syndrome
There 's no single diagnostic test for RLS , so doctors generally diagnose it based on your symptoms and medical history .
Diagnostic criteria for RLS include :﻿﻿
A desire to move limbs , often linked to odd sensations
Symptoms that are present ( or worse ) when you rest ; movement provides some temporary relief
Motor restlessness
Worsening symptoms at night
Your doctor may do lab tests to rule out other possible causes of your symptoms , and he / she may also order a sleep study .
Symptoms of FMS & RLS
FMS and RLS share these symptoms :
Excessive daytime sleepiness
Problems with concentration
The primary symptom of RLS is odd sensations ( paresthesias ) or unpleasant sensations ( dysesthesias ) in the legs and an uncontrollable urge to move to relieve these sensations .
FMS may involve paresthesia or dysesthesia , but the urge to move and increased symptoms during relaxation are unique to RLS .
Treating RLS
RLS treatments can include medications and lifestyle changes .﻿﻿
For mild - to - moderate symptoms , your doctor may suggest you cut down or eliminate the use of caffeine , alcohol , and tobacco .
If you have nutritional deficiencies , especially iron , folate or magnesium , your doctor may suggest supplements .
Other lifestyle management techniques include :
Maintaining a regular sleep schedule
Regular , moderate exercise
Avoiding excessive exercise
Hot baths
Leg massages
Applying heat or ice
These measures , however , do n't generally provide complete symptom relief .
Your doctor may suggest medication to treat RLS .
The more common types include :
Dopaminergics : ( Examples are Requip , Mirapex )
These drugs act like dopamine , which is a neurotransmitter that regulates muscle movement .
( Examples are Requip , Mirapex )
These drugs act like dopamine , which is a neurotransmitter that regulates muscle movement .
Benzodiazepines : ( Examples are Valium , Xanax )
These are central nervous system depressants , generally used as anti-anxiety medicines , that also suppress muscle contractions .
( Examples are Valium , Xanax )
These are central nervous system depressants , generally used as anti-anxiety medicines , that also suppress muscle contractions .
Opiates : ( Examples are Darvon , Percodan )
These painkillers also relax you and can suppress RLS in some people .
( Examples are Darvon , Percodan )
These painkillers also relax you and can suppress RLS in some people .
Anticonvulsants : ( Examples are Neurontin , Tegretol )
These are normally for preventing seizures but sometimes help relieve muscle contractions .
Small trials show benzodiazepines and opioids can be used in refractory cases .
However , they should generally be avoided as they are highly addictive .
Some medications may make RLS symptoms worse , including antinausea , anticonvulsant , and antipsychotic drugs and some cold or allergy medicines .
If you 're taking any of these , you may want to talk with your doctor about changing to drugs that are less likely to worsen your symptoms .
RLS Treatment vs. FMS Treatment
RLS treatments do n't generally conflict with FMS treatments , and in many cases , treatment may help both conditions .
Many RLS lifestyle management techniques ( regular sleep schedule , moderate exercise , hot baths ) can be useful in managing FMS .
If you 're taking or considering medications for either condition , be sure to talk with your doctor and pharmacist about any possible drug interactions .
A Word From Verywell
It 's hard to manage one medical condition , and harder still to manage two or more .
The good news is that RLS treatment — and the resulting better - quality sleep — is likely to ease your FMS symptoms .
More than 10,000 people turned out in a festive atmosphere Saturday afternoon in Carcassonne for the defence and revival of the Occitan language .
Behind the banners saying " Occitan lenga oficiala " , " libertat per la lenga , per el pais " , and " l'occitan a l'escola " , the demonstrators in numerous flags of red with the Occitan cross left the centre of the city where they regrouped to head toward the medieval city , where the streets were decorated with Occitan colours .
The deputy - mayor of Carcassonne Jean - Claude Pérez and the Green european deputy José Bové were also there .
The demonstrators are asking for a recognition of the legal status of regional languages , the creation of public service television and radio in Occitan and the installation of an " ambitious linguistic politic " permitting the development and learning of Occitan .
Two similar demonstrations happened previously with 10,000 people in October 2005 in Carcassonne , and 18,000 - 20,000 in March 2007 in Béziers .
Les organisateurs demandent la reconnaissance d'un statut légal des langues régionales , la création d'une télévision et d'une radio de service public en langue occitane et l'instauration d'une " politique linguistique ambitieuse " permettant notamment de développer l'enseignement de l'occitan .
Deux précédentes manifestations similaires avaient réuni 10.000 personnes en octobre 2005 , déjà à Carcassonne , et 18 à 20.000 personnes en mars 2007 à Béziers dans l'Hérault .
From an article here in French , where the cities look to be quite the awesome places to hold a demonstration .
Here 's an image of Béziers where the last demonstration was held in 2007 , a town that looks to be no less impressive architecturally than Carcassonne .
As always , when the subject of regional languages such as Occitan and Catalan comes up one wonders what the current linguistic situation would be if France and Spain had been united respectively around those languages instead of French and Spanish , considering their similarity to each other .
You can always tell that two languages are similar when articles in one language on the other have to list the differences between the two instead of their similarities .
Here 's part of the article :
Dios mio !
In a strange twist , police busted a Hispanic man for tossing a bottle and a piece of wood at parishioners of a Hispanic church in an area of Long Island long plagued by racial strife — and charged him with a hate crime .
Christhian Munguia Garcia was also charged with breaking into the same church in Patchogue Tuesday and leaving threatening anti-Hispanic notes , according to Suffolk County police .
“ Hispanics do not rule .
Whites do ! ” the note declared in Spanish .
Garcia , 25 , was busted after wandering up to worshippers leaving the Iglesia Evangelica Refugio de Salvacion late Friday and angrily smashing a bottle on the ground and throwing a log .
No one was hurt , and congregants quickly caught up to Garcia and held him for police .
Several witnesses said Garcia appeared stinking drunk .
Patchogue Mayor Paul Pontieri said the incident stemmed from a religious dispute between Garcia and the church pastor .
Pastor Roberto Sanchez said Garcia was not a member of the church and had appeared only once before , a week earlier , when he walked in drunk and was tossed out for cursing during a sermon .
“ I do n’t think he is the person who [ left the notes ] , ” he said .
Subject : [ ANN ] LuaJIT -2.0.0-beta1
: From : Mike Pall < mikelu-0910 @...>
: Mike Pall < mikelu-0910 @...>
Date : Sat , 31 Oct 2009 23:59:59 +0100
It 's almost midnight on Halloween here .
This is the perfect time to release long - awaited , almost mythical open source software ... ;-)
Yes , here it is : the first public release of LuaJIT 2.0 !
Here is a link to the home page : http://luajit.org/luajit.html
And a direct link to the download page : http://luajit.org/download.html
What is LuaJIT ?
---------------
LuaJIT is a Just - In - Time ( JIT ) Compiler for Lua .
It 's fully compatible with standard Lua 5.1 and can significantly boost the performance of your Lua programs .
LuaJIT is open source software , released under the MIT /X license .
LuaJIT builds out - of - the - box on all popular x86 operating systems ( Linux , Windows , OSX etc. ) .
It runs fine as a 32 bit application under x64 - based systems , too .
This is a BETA TEST release -- the current status and the list of known issues are shown here : http://luajit.org/status.html
Please report any problems you may find with this release .
Thank you !
What 's new in LuaJIT 2.0 ------------------------
The VM of LuaJIT 2.0 has been rewritten from the ground up and is relentlessly optimized for performance .
It combines a high - speed interpreter , written in assembler , with a state - of - the - art JIT compiler .
An innovative trace compiler is integrated with advanced , SSA - based optimizations and a highly tuned code generation backend .
This allows a substantial reduction of the overhead associated with dynamic language features .
It 's destined to break into the performance range traditionally reserved for offline , static language compilers .
Performance on numerical code is already quite competitive ( see below ) .
Support for other areas ( e.g. string functions ) is still a bit weak .
Although the VM supports all Lua language features and standard library functions , the JIT compiler is not complete ( yet ) and falls back to the interpreter in some cases .
All of this works transparently , so unless you use - jv , you 'll probably never notice .
The interpreter is quite fast , too ( near the performance of the LuaJIT 1.x JIT compiler ) .
Preliminary benchmark numbers are shown below -- performance will likely improve during the beta test phase .
These numbers are mainly intended to give you an idea about the typical speedups you can expect , depending on the type of application .
Your mileage may vary .
Ok , so thanks to everyone for their patience !
A big thank you goes to the alpha testers .
And now , please have fun with it -- Happy Halloween !
-- Mike Relative speedup over Lua 5.1.4 on standard Lua benchmarks ( e.g. 11.9 means it 's almost twelve times faster ) : md5 152.7 | mandelbrot 13.4 | nsieve 4.7 | array3d 101.5 | pidigits 12.4 | partialsums 4.1 | array 73.5 | random 12.2 | chameneos 3.8 | methcall 28.8 | nsievebits 12.0 | recursive 3.5 | nsievebits 28.0 | nestedloop 11.9 | knucleotide 3.4 | matrix 23.0 | lists 9.3 | binarytrees 2.7 | spectralnorm 21.4 | cheapconcr 5.5 | meteor 2.0 | fannkuch 20.9 | cheapconcw 5.4 | revcomp 1.8 | nbody 14.8 | fasta 5.3 | sumfile 1.5 | SciMark scores on a 3 GHz Core2 E8400 ( single - thread , not vectorized ) , higher numbers are better : SciMark composite | small score | FFT SOR MC SPARSE LU ----------------------------+--------------------------------------- GCC 4.3.2 906.1 | 739.1 909.0 190.4 1057.0 1635.1 JVM 1.6 Server 876.3 | 573.8 1185.5 297.7 579.2 1745.4 JVM 1.6 Client 579.6 | 424.8 895.8 122.8 595.5 859.0
----------------------------+---------------------------------------
LuaJIT 2.0.0 - beta1 580.4 | 427.4 1025.0 223.7 303.4 922.5 LuaJIT 1.1.5 96.7 | 72.0 166.1 37.1 91.8 116.5 Lua 5.1.4 16.5 | 11.0 27.4 7.6 16.9 19.5
Get the newest Lua SciMark here : http://luajit.org/download/scimark.lua
The Times of London 's mammoth 6,900 - word piece on Goldman Sachs over the weekend contains plenty of fodder for those that see the investment bank as Wall Street 's top dog , as well as those that see it as a creepy , conspiratorial vampire squid of finance .
But the key quote that 's getting attention comes in Goldman Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein 's exchange with a reporter after a question on whether there should be limits to compensation :
Is it possible to make too much money ?
" Is it possible to have too much ambition ?
Is it possible to be too successful ? " Blankfein shoots back .
" I do n't want people in this firm to think ...
A plane flying from Halifax to St. John 's was forced to turn around after the crew reported the pilot passed out and the co-pilot was forced to take over .
Ashley Barnes , a spokesperson for the Halifax International Airport Authority said a co-pilot brought Porter Airlines Flight 243 back to the airport safely around 11:45 a.m. on Saturday .
Barnes said the pilot , 39 , was conscious when the plane landed .
" We had our emergency response team and ambulances on standby , " she said .
" The pilot happily walked off the plane into an ambulance and was taken to hospital for medical assessment . "
There is no word yet on what caused the pilot to lose consciousness , or his current medical condition .
Porter Airlines president and CEO Robert Deluce said the pilot has recorded 7,000 hours of total flying time .
" The first officer who took charge was a 29 - year - old pilot and has almost 4,000 hours of total flying time so they are both fairly experienced guys , " said Deluce .
The Bombardier Q 400 plane has a maximum capacity of 70 , but the actual number of passengers on board was n't immediately available .
Porter brought in a replacement crew and the plane left for St. John 's at about 1 p.m .
With files from The Canadian Press
The Victorian Auditor - General has observed “ fundamental flaws ” within the Victorian Government ’s handling of IT security .
In a report entitled Maintaining the Integrity and Confidentiality of Personal Information , the Auditor - General said information from within three Victorian Government departments , including the Premier 's , had been stored on portable storage devices , CDs and DVDs that were vulnerable to loss and in easily - read formats .
Personal information was also exchanged via personal email accounts , some of which were " particularly vulnerable " to unauthorised access , the Auditor General said .
“ While we examined only three departments , the ability to penetrate databases , the consistency of our findings and the lack of effective oversight and coordination of information security practices strongly indicate that this phenomenon is widespread , ” the Auditor - General said in the report .
“ Extracts or whole copies of personal information from the selected databases were stored in unsecured shared drives on departmental networks accessible by unauthorised staff . ”
Poor password management , poor physical security of servers ( one had been stored behind a front reception desk ) , no mandatory use of antivirus software for remote access and ' protected ' data held off - site in a home office had all contributted to the security failings .
The report concluded that the confidentiality of personal information collected and used by the public sector could be , and had been , " easily compromised " .
It said that the issues had arisen partly because information security policy , standards and guidance for the sector were incomplete and " too narrowly focused on ICT security " .
" Neither the Department of Treasury and Finance nor the Department of Premier and Cabinet have addressed all aspects of information security following the disbanding of the Office of the Chief Information Officer and its supporting committees in 2006 , " it said .
" In the absence of strong and consistent central leadership and effective oversight , the importance of protecting personal information has not been properly understood by the sector . "
Victorian Premier , John Brumby , said the report sent a " very strong signal " to all departmental and agency heads about the " importance " of the issue .
" The Auditor - General has highlighted these concerns , and we are acting on them , " he said .
It happened almost every earnings season .
My hedge fund would own a million shares in some company and two weeks before it was to report quarterly earnings , its stock would start dropping .
There was no news to explain it .
We were in the dark , even though it was my job to know .
Inevitably , the company would report a disappointing quarter , missing Wall Street 's earnings expectations by a penny or two .
Someone knew .
A salesman 's brother - in - law heard a few deals did n't close .
Or maybe an insider was singing .
The recent arrest ...
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Abdullah Abdullah announced Sunday morning that he has withdrawn from the second round of Afghanistan ’s presidential election on the grounds that the same local officials , appointed by his rival , incumbent Hamid Karzai , will supervise the runoff as winked at massive fraud in the first round .
He said that the election cannot be transparent or honest .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton implausibly maintained that Abdullah ’s withdrawal will not affect the legitimacy of the Afghanistan presidential election .
Since President Obama had put off making a decision on his Afghanistan policy until he saw the results of the planned November 7 runoff , Abdullah ’s decision puts Washington in an awkward position .
Abdullah is said to be seeking to postpone the runoff until spring , 2010 , which would much extend the period of instability .
In contrast , Clinton seems to be crowning Karzai the winner by virtue of Abdullah ’s withdrawal .
But the Karzai presidency has been badly if not unalterably wounded by the ballot fraud practiced in August , and of which the retention of the same electoral commission would guarantee a repetition .
And here is what I take away from all this .
The debate in Washington has been over a counter - insurgency campaign versus a limited counter - terrorism campaign .
Counter - insurgency implies a certain amount of state - building .
Counter - terrorism implies that state - building is impossible or very , very difficult .
Clinton backs counter - insurgency , while Vice President Joe Biden supports counter - terrorism .
The reason Clinton is so eager to insist that Karzai ’s election is legitimate despite its obvious illegitimacy is that Abdullah ’s withdrawal puts paid to the idea that there is a plausible Afghan government partner for US counter - insurgency .
There is not .
Biden may or may not win the argument in Washington .
But there is now no doubt that he should win that argument .
Sending another 40,000 troops into Afghanistan to shore up a Karzai government that tried to steal the election and demonstrated so little accountability that the officials who winked at the fraud are still on the electoral commission– that is an absurd proposition .
Aljazeera English has video :
Eric Garris points out that Afghan woman Member of Parliament Malalai Joya was interrupted on the US CNN when she referred to the US presence in Afghanistan as an occupation , but when she went on CNN International she was treated respectfully and allowed to speak .
Actually , that the US and NATO are militarily occupying Afghanistan is recognized by the UN security council and is a simple fact of international law .
End / ( Not Continued )
John Williams ( Shadow Government Statistics ) raises an interesting issue I had not considered :
He contends that the Household Survey is more reliable than the Establishment Survey , and I wonder if he is n’t on to something .
Some years ago , I would have argued against it .
The more stay - at - home , self - described independent contractors you survey , the more inaccurate your results are going to be .
I do not know a single person who lost thier job over the past 3 years who , when asked , did not describe themselves in that manner .
It is a matter of pride .
But Williams argues the Household survey sampling is now fairly well established and , significantly , the unadjusted raw data are not revised .
Consider this :
In the pre-Bush years , the Establishment Survey ( CES ) actually measured employment via real paychecks that were actual wages .
The B/D adjustment was tiny .
But since 2003 , the CES is no longer a pure measure ; rather , it is only part measurement , and part conjecture , working off of new state incorporation filings .
The Birth / Death Model is now the tail that wags the dog .
Here ’s Williams via Abelson :
“ John Williams dismisses the consensus outlook and hype from Wall Street and Washington about improving economic conditions as “ irrationally optimistic . ”
And he feels that “ with the constraints on broad systemic liquidity still tightening , unhappy surprises are likely in that area as well . ”
It seems like forever that we ’ve been delivering a monthly rant occasioned by the release of the data of the so - called birth / death model , launched during the Bush administration and extended by the current one , that is supposed to capture the employment additions of new firms and the subtractions of those that go belly up .
As it happens , the model is a bust during recessions ( as a modest example , it created 34,000 mythical jobs last month ) .
Comes now the preliminary revision of the March 2009 benchmark , and it turns out that , in fact , courtesy of the birth / death model , that month ’s payrolls were overstated by a mere 824,000 .
As Philippa Dunne and Doug Henwood , proprietors of the Liscio Report note , since job losses in the first quarter of this year were already reported at 2.1 million , “ adding the better part of a million to that suggests a truly savage bloodletting in early 2009 . ”
They also point out that September was the 21st month in a row of shrinking employment , the longest losing streak since the monthly numbers started being published back in 1939 .
It ’s also the worst decline — even without the benchmark revision — since the post - World War II demobilization .
The sorry consequence of the severe damage wrought by the recession , combined with the weakness of the 2002 - 07 expansion , is that private employment is now 2.6 % below where it was at its December 2000 peak .
And ( you can almost hear them sigh ) as Philippa and Doug observe , “ We ’ve never seen anything remotely like that kind of long - term carnage ” in poring over 70 years ’ worth of monthly stats .
Yeah , yeah , we know , employment is a lagging indicator .
Not this time , buddy . ”
The problem with “ lagging indicators ” is every idiot in the world seems to use that as an excuse when making their early , incorrect call that the cycle has turned .
Just because something is lagging — and is still poor — does n’t mean the economic cycle has turned yet .
As Rosie likes to point out , this was n’t your run of the mill manufacturing recession ; it was a full blown credit collapse / housing bust / bank failure cycle .
Comparisons to earlier manufacturing recessions will yield parallels that are utterly inappropriate . . .
>
Source :
Downright Scary
ALAN ABELSON
Barron ’s October 5 , 2009
http://online.barrons.com/article/SB125452481422260689.html
Food Democracy
Now is circulating a petition to be presented to President Obama .
I have signed and passed it on to growers and supporters of organic and sustainably grown food .
If you want control of our food supply in the hands of corporate agricultural , stop here .
If you want our food supply to become safer and more secure , read on and sign the petition .
Dear President Obama ,
We urge you to withdraw the nomination of Islam Siddiqui as Chief Agriculture Negotiator and to reconsider your support of Roger Beachy as director of the new National Institute of Food and Agriculture ( NIFA ) .
Siddiqui is CropLife ’s current vice president of science and regulatory affairs , and until last month , Beachy was the head of Monsanto ’s de facto nonprofit research arm .
As two textbook cases of the “ revolving door ” between industry and the agencies meant to keep watch , Siddiqui and Beachy ’s industry ties demonstrate that both men are too beholden to corporate agriculture to serve the public interest .
Appointing Siddiqui to this critical post within the U.S. Trade Representative ’s office sends a clear signal to the rest of the world that the U.S. plans to continue down the worn and failed path of chemical - intensive industrial agriculture by pushing pesticides , inappropriate biotechnologies and unfair trade arrangements on nations that do not want and can least afford them .
Siddiqui ’s professional record is revealing on several points :
Siddiqui was a paid lobbyist for 3 years for Croplife America , which represents the chemical pesticide and ag biotechnology interests .
Members include Monsanto , DuPont and Syngenta .
CropLife America ’s regional partner had notoriously “ shuddered ” at Michelle Obama ’s organic White House garden for failing to use chemical pesticides and launched a letter petition drive , urging the First Lady to consider using insecticides and herbicides in her garden .
CropLife America has consistently lobbied the U.S government to weaken and thwart international treaties governing the use and export of toxic chemicals such as PCBs , DDT and dioxins .
Siddiqui ’s past service at the USDA included overseeing the initial development of national organic food standards that would have allowed GMOs and toxic sludge to be labeled “ organic ” — until over 230,000 consumers forced their revision .
As the global food crisis deepens and we head into the Doha round of trade talks at the WTO , the U.S. needs a lead negotiator who understands that the current configuration of trade agreements works neither for farmers nor for the world ’s hungry .
All eyes are on the U.S. to demonstrate international leadership in this arena by withdrawing support for an industrial model of agriculture that imperils both people and the planet , by undermining food security and worsening climate change .
In his capacity as director of NIFA , Roger Beachy will be in charge of the nation ’s agricultural research agenda and purse strings for the next six years .
Given Beachy ’s previous career running the Danforth Plant Science Center , a nonprofit closely linked to and funded by Monsanto , we believe that billions more in government funding will be funneled into genetic engineering and chemical pesticide research .
Meanwhile the real solutions to our growing agricultural problems , provided by sustainable and organic agriculture research , will suffer from a lack of federal funding and attention .
Despite 20 years of research and 13 years of commercialization , agricultural biotechnology — of the kind aggressively promoted and marketed by CropLife — has failed to deliver on any of its promises of higher yields for U.S. farmers , “ enhanced nutrition ” or drought - resistance for developing country farmers .
What Monsanto ’s research agenda has yielded is skyrocketing herbicide use , resistant “ super - weeds ” , rising debt for farmers , polluted waterways , threats to the health of farmworkers and rural communities , and unparalleled corporate consolidation in the agrochemical and seed industries .
The top 10 agribusinesses control 89 % of the agrochemicals market , 66 % of the modern biotech market and 67 % of the global seed market .
With farmers here and abroad struggling to respond to water scarcity and increasingly volatile growing conditions , we need a resilient and restorative model of agriculture that adapts to and mitigates these effects of climate change .
In the most comprehensive analysis of global agriculture to date , the International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge , Science and Technology for Development ( IAASTD ) , states unequivocally that “ business as usual is not an option . ”
We need a model of agriculture that regenerates soil health , sequesters carbon , feeds communities , and puts profits back in the hands of farmers and rural communities .
Industrial agriculture — and Roger Beachy , Islam Siddiqui and CropLife in particular — favor none of these solutions .
While we appreciate your Administration ’s recent gestures in support of local food systems , we fear these initiatives will not fulfill their potential unless the monopolistic power and political influence of the agricultural input industry is directly confronted .
We therefore respectfully ask you to withdraw your appointments of Siddiqui and Beachy , and replace them with candidates who have a sustainable vision for U.S. agriculture and trade .
As parents , farmers , advocates , scientists and people who eat food , we remember your promise on the campaign trail : “ We ’ll tell ConAgra that it ’s not the Department of Agribusiness .
It ’s the Department of Agriculture .
We ’re going to put the people ’s interests ahead of the special interests . ”
We , the undersigned , are writing to hold you to that promise .
Props : Heavy.com
Quoteworthy :
" Whatever he does and gives me , I ’ll take .
The biggest advantage is that I ’m sparring more , doing more jiu jitsu , wrestling with guys like Rashad Evans who has great boxing and is three times faster than Matt Hamill , and if I can stop Rashad ’s shot , that gives me ultra- confidence against a guy like Matt Hamill who is a totally different level of speed .
Greg Jackson has a really great strategy for me this fight – a really , really great strategy for this fight – and one thing with Greg is that while he ’s teaching me technique and ways of thinking , he still allows me to be myself and he loves my creativity and loves my flow .
I ’m just smarter than I used to be when it comes to fighting .
No disrespect to Hamill , but there is nothing I can see him doing to me that Rashad has n’t tried or Keith would n’t do . "
Promising , talented and electrifying light heavyweight prospect Jon Jones talks about the rigors and benefits of training under the Greg Jackson umbrella to help him reach the next level in his career .
" Bones " has rattled off three very impressive wins since his Octagon debut back at UFC 87 : " Seek and Destroy " last year .
So impressive , in fact , that he is now set to headline The Ultimate Fighter ( TUF ) 10 Finale on Spike TV next Saturday ( Dec. 5 ) opposite Matt Hamill .
Will the new and improved Jones drop " The Hammer " on Hamill or does he still have a long road ahead before putting a dent in the upper echelon of the 205 - pound division ?
Critical Analysis Print This Neoliberalism and the Dynamics of Capitalist Development in Latin America By James Petras and Henry Veltmeyer .
Axis of Logic Axis of Logic
Editor 's Note :
All those interested in the political , economic and social directions being taken by the people and governments of Latin American states will do well to invest time in reading this treatise by James Petras and Henry Veltmeyer .
Those who think they understand the future of the left on the continent may be surprised by what is happening in countries ranging from right wing governments such as Colombia to leftist states like Venezuela after reading this document .
Time and energy given to building socialism and combatting the Global Corporate Empire everywhere in the world will be informed by neo- capitalist movements across Latin America .
This analysis deserves careful study .
- Les Blough , Editor
( Editing and emphases added by Axis of Logic )
An analysis of the dynamics of capitalist development over the last two decades has been overshadowed by an all too prevalent “ globalization ” discourse .
It appears that much of the Left has bought into this discourse , tacitly accepting globalization as an irresistible fact and that in many ways it is progressive , needing only for the corporate agenda to be derailed and an abandonment of neoliberalism .
This is certainly the case in Latin America where the Left has focused its concern almost exclusively on the bankruptcy of “ neoliberalism ” , with reference to the agenda pursued and a package of policy reforms implemented by virtually every government in the region by the dint of ideology if not the demands of the global capital or political opportunism .
In this concern , imperialism and capitalism per se , as opposed to neoliberalism , have been pushed off the agenda , and as a result , excepting Chavéz ’s Bolivarian Revolution , the project of building socialism has virtually disappeared as an object of theory and practice .
In this paper we would like to contribute towards turning this around — to resurrect the socialist project ; to do so by deconstructing the discourse on “ neoliberal globalization ” and reconstructing the actual contemporary dynamics of capitalist development .
This is a major task requiring a closer look at the issues .
The modest contribution of this paper is to bring into focus the imperialist dynamics of capitalist development in Latin America .
To this end , we present an analytical framework for an analysis of the dynamics of capitalist development and imperialism .
We then summarize these dynamics in the Latin American context .
Our argument is that the dynamics of capitalist development and imperialism have both an objective - structural and a subjective - political dimension and that a class analysis of these dynamics should include both .
This means that it is not enough to establish the workings of capitalism and imperialism in terms of their objectively given conditions that affect people and countries according to their class location in this system .
We need to establish the political dynamics of popular and working class responses to these conditions — to neoliberal policies of structural adjustment to the purported requirements of the new world order .
The politics of the Left might so be better informed .
The Neoliberal Era of Capitalist Development and Imperialism Capitalist development in Latin America can be periodized as follows : an initial phase of primitive accumulation and national development dating more or less from the Independence Movement in the 1860s and crystallizing in the Porfiriato , an extended dictatorship of the big landowners and incipient bourgeoisie in Mexico ;
a period of modernization , incipient industrialization ( in the form of “ Fordism ” ) and social reform , dating from the Mexican Revolution in the second decade of the twentieth century ;
a period of state - led capitalist development with “ international cooperation ” ( technical and financial assistance ) dating from the end of the Second World War and the construction of the Bretton Woods world order ( 1945-70 ) ;
a period of transition ( 1971 - 82 ) characterized by an extended crisis in the global system of capitalist production and diverse efforts to restructure the system ; and
the construction of a new world order designed so as to free the “ forces of freedom ” from the constraints on capital accumulation imposed by the system of sovereign nation states .
This phase can be dated from the onset of a region - wide debt and an ensuing “ development ” crisis .
It is characterized by 4 things : dynamic processes of neoliberal globalization and imperialism – the institution of a neoliberal policy framework ( the " structural adjustment program " , as it was termed at the time ) ,
a renewed imperial offensive , and the decline but then partial recovery of the capital accumulation process
and the self - styled “ forces of economic and political freedom ” .
The latest period of capitalist development has two dimensions ( globalization in theory / imperialism in practice , forces of opposition and resistance ) , both of which can also be broken down into four phases .
Neoliberalism and Imperialism in Practice : A Framework of Analysis Phase I ( 1975 - 82 ) of the neoliberal project is associated with the bloody Pinochet regime in Chile constituted with a military coup in 1973 .
The “ bold reforms ” implemented by this regime and extended into Argentina and Uruguay were subsequently implemented by Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan , and used by economists at the World Bank as a model for the structural reforms set as the price of admission into the new ( neoliberal ) world order .
Phase II ( 1983-90 ) of neoliberalism ( imperialism masked as globalization ) includes the foundation stones of renewed process of capital accumulation on a global scale ; setting the parameters for a new configuration of economic and political power ; implementation of a second round of neoliberal “ structural reform ” ; launch of an ideology ( globalization ) designed to legitimate this reform process , and the first wave of privatizations as part of this reform process ; and a process of redemocratization designed as a means of securing the political conditions of structural adjustment — a marriage of strategic convenience between capitalism / economic liberalism and democracy / political liberalism ( Dominguez and Lowenthal , 1996 ) .
Phase III ( 1990 - 2000 ) entails what might be viewed as a “ golden age ” of massive transfers of public property to the “ private sector ” ( capitalists and their enterprises ) ; an enormous net outflow of capital ( “ international resource transfers ” ) in the form of profits on investments , debt payments and royalty charges ; virtually no economic growth — less than one percent per capita over the decade and a growing divide in the distribution of society ’s wealth and income ; huge bailouts of the banks and investors in corporate stock in a situation of financial crisis ; and another round of neoliberal policy reform ( “ structural reform ” ) , this time with a “ human face ” ( adding to the reform process a “ new social policy ” targeted at the poor , ) ; a second wave of privatizations and an associated denationalization of the banks and strategic economic enterprises ; and a post - Washingron Consensus ( PWC ) on the need for a more inclusive form of neoliberalism designed to empower the poor ( Craig and Porter , 2006 ; Ocampo , 1998 ; Van Waeyenberge , 2006 ) .
Phase IV ( 2000 - 09 ) begins with an involution in the system of capitalist production and the collapse of foreign direct investment inflows ; and the onset of political crisis viz .
widespread disenchantment with neoliberalism , and a process of regime change ( Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador , Brazil , Uruguay , Venezuela — a coup against and the restoration of Chávez to power — and Uruguay .
In 2003 , the production crisis gives way to a mild economic recovery for a number of countries in the region and a sweeping realignment of political forces into four blocs .
The basis of this process of economic and political development is a realignment of global production — a primary commodities boom fueled by the growing demand in China and India for new sources of energy , natural resource industrial inputs and consumption goods for a rapidly growing middle class .
Opposition to Imperialism , Class Rule and Neoliberalism : Forces of Resistance Phase 1 ( 1973 - 82 ) of the anti-neoliberal project includes a major counter - offensive of the landed proprietors and big capital against the incremental advance of the workers and peasants ; a double - offensive of the state against the rural poor and landless peasants in the form of the “ Alliance for Progress ” ( “ rural development ” ) and use of the state ’s repressive apparatus against the guerrilla armies of national liberation ; the counter - offensive of capital , with the support of the state , against the working class , resulting in a disarticulation of the labor movement , cooptation of its leadership and a weakening in its capacity to negotiate for higher wages and better working conditions ; and , with the agency and support of U.S. imperialism , the institution of military coups and the institution of military rule and a war against “ subversives ” under the aegis of a Washington - designed “ Doctrine of National Security ” .
Phase II ( 1983 -99 ) was characterized by a reorganization of the popular movement , particularly in the countryside — in the indigenous communities and among the masses of dispossessed , landless workers and peasant producers ; the mobilization of the forces of popular opposition and resistance against the neoliberal policies of the governments of the day ; various uprisings of indigenous peasants in Ecuador , Chiapas and Bolivia , resulting in the ouster of several presidents if not regime change , and in the blocking of governments efforts to extend the neoliberal agenda ; the division of the indigenous movement ( in Bolivia and Ecuador ) into a social and political movement , allowing it to contest elections as well as mobilize the forces of resistance in direct action against the state ; a general advance in the popular movement with the growth of new offensive and defensive class struggles .
Phase III ( 2000 - 03 ) , corresponding to a crisis in production and ideology vis-à - vis neoliberalism , was characterized by the emergence of various offensive struggles and social mobilizations that led to the overthrow of regimes in Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador .
In Venezuela , Hugo Chávez came to power , inciting the complex dynamics of a class struggle characterized by a series of counter - offensives by the ruling class ( attempted coups , referendums ) , growing demands for radical reforms and the institution of the “ Bolivarian Revolution ” based on an anti-imperialist strategy designed to take the country along a socialist path .
As for Phase IV ( 2003 -09 ) it saw the rise of a bloc of pragmatic neoliberal , quasi- populist democratic socialist regimes oriented towards the post - Washington Consensus ( PWC ) , an ebb in the flow of the popular movements , the radicalization of Chávez ’s project of “ 21st Century Socialism ” and the reflux of the popular movement .
Four Cycles of Neoliberalism “ Neoliberalism ” in this historic context denotes a national policy — or rather , reform of the then - existing policy of state - led development ( “ structural reform ” or “ structural adjustment ” ) — justified with a neoclassical theory of economic growth and development and an ideology of globalization .
In this context , we can identify four cycles of neoliberal “ structural reform ” .
The first cycle , initiated by the Chicago Boys in Chile under Pinochet .
After this first round of neoliberal experiments in policy reform , extended to Argentina and Uruguay , crashed in the early 1980s , a second round of neoliberal policy reforms was implemented under conditions of redemocratization , an external debt crisis and the political leverage that this crisis provided the World Bank and the IMF , the agencies that assumed primary responsibility for implementing the Washington Consensus on needed policy reform .
The third cycle of neoliberal policies was implemented in the 1990s .
At the outset only four major regimes had failed to fully embrace the “ discipline ” of structural adjustment .
But serious concerns had surfaced as to the sustainability of the neoliberal model and the associated Washington Consensus .
For one thing , neoliberalism had utterly failed to deliver on the promise of economic prosperity and mutual benefits to countries north and south of the global development divide .
For another , structural reforms had not only released the “ forces of freedom ” but also forces of resistance that threatened the survival not only the viability of the neoliberal model but the survival of the state itself .
To avert an impending crisis the ideologues of globalization and neoliberal architects of policy reform came up with a revised model : " structural adjustment with a human face " ( UNICEF , 1989 ) in one formulation , " productive transformation with equity " ( ECLAC , 1990 ) in another , and “ sustainable human development ” ( UNDP , 1996 ) in yet another .
The common feature of these and other such models was a continuing commitment to a neoliberal program of “ structural reform ” at the level of national policy , the design and adoption of a “ new social policy ” that “ targeted ” social investment funds at the poor and their communities , and specific policies that helped shelter the most vulnerable groups from the admittedly high “ transitional ” social costs of structural adjustment .
Policy Dynamics of Neoliberal Structural Reform
The discourse on “ globalization ” emerged in the 1980s in the context of efforts in policymaking circles to renovate the ailing Bretton Woods world order — to create a “ new world order ” .
Under widespread systemic conditions of a capitalist production crisis and an associated fiscal crisis , economists at the World Bank and its sister “ international financial institutions ” , all adjuncts of the U.S. imperial state , formulated a program of policy reforms designed to open up the economies of the developing world to the forces of “ economic freedom ” , to integrate these societies and economies into the new world order .
These policy reforms included various IMF stabilization measures such as currency devaluation and import restrictions , and policies of structural adjustment : privatization of the means of social production and associated economic enterprises ( reverting thereby the nationalization policies of the earlier model of state - led development ) ;
deregulation of diverse product , capital and labor markets ;
liberalization of capital flows and trade in products and services ; and
and administrative decentralization , attempting to “ democratize ” thereby the relation of civil society to the state , transferring to local governments in partnership with civil society responsibility for economic and social development ; that is , privatizing “ development ” - i.e. allowing the poor to “ own ” and be responsible for improving their lives , changing themselves rather than the system .
By the end of the 1980s , this package of policy reforms had transformed the economic and social system of many Latin American societies .
The state - led reforms of the 1960s and 1970s included nationalization
regulation of capitalist enterprise and capital inflows
protection of domestic producers , rural credit schemes
land and income redistribution market - generated incomes , etc .
These had been reverted , effectively halting , where not reversing , the process of development and incremental change .
The outcome and social impacts of this social transformation were all too visible and apparent , especially to those groups and classes that bore the brunt of the adjustment and globalization process .
With a significant reduction in the share of labor ( and households ) in society ’s wealth and national income , and an equally significant concentration of asset - based incomes and its conversion into capital , Latin American society became increasingly class - divided and polarized between a small minority of individuals capacitated and able to appropriate the lion ’s share of the new wealth and a large mass of producers and workers who had to bear the costs of this “ structural adjustment ” and excluded from its benefits .
The economic and political landscape of Latin American society was , and is , littered with the detritus of this development process .
The objectively given conditions of this process are not only reflected in the all too evident deterioration in living and working conditions of the mass of the urban and rural population .
They are also reflected in the evidence of a process of massive outmigration , the export of labor as it were , and an equally massive process of capital export — a net outflow or transfer of “ financial resources ” estimated by Saxe - Fernandez and Núñez ( 2001 ) to amount to over USD 100 million for the entire decade of the 1990s .
Recent studies suggest that if anything the process , fuelled by the financialization of development and policies of privatization , liberalization and deregulation , has continued to accelerate , putting an end to any talk , and much writing , about a purported “ economic recovery ” based on a program of “ bold reforms ” and “ sound economics . ”
Neoliberalism is in decline if not dead .
Globalization or Global Class War ?
It is commonplace among many intellectuals , pundits and policy makers both in Latin America as elsewhere to discuss “ globalization ” as of it were a process unfolding with an air of inevitability , the result of forces beyond anyone ’s control — at worst allowing policymakers to manage the process and at best to push it in a more ethical direction ; that is , allow the presumed benefits of globalization to be spread somewhat more equitably .
This is , in fact , the project shared by the anti-globalization movement in their search for “ another world ” and the pragmatic centre - left politicians currently in power in their search for “ another development ” .
In this discourse , globalization appears as a behemoth whose appetites must be satisfied and whose thirst must be quenched at all costs — costs borne , as it happens but not fortuitously , by the working class .
In this context to write , as do so many on the Left today , of the “ corporate agenda ” and “ national interests ” , etc. is to obfuscate the class realities of globalization — the existence and machinations of the global ruling class ( Petras , 2007 ) and what Jeffrey Faux ( 2006 ) terms a “ global class war ” .
Faux ’s book allows us to view in a different way the globalizing economy , the politics and economics of free trade , and soaring corporate profits on the one hand , and , on the other hand , deteriorating standards of living and the continuing ( and deepening ) poverty of most of the world ’s people .
What is behind this reality ?
A dynamic objective process , working like the invisible hand of providence through the free market to bring about mutual benefits and general prosperity ?
Or a class of people who in their collective interest have launched a global war with diverse features and theaters .
One feature of this class war , one of many ( on its manifestation in the European theater , see Davis , 1984 ; and Crouch and Pizzorno , 1978 ) entails ripping up the social contract that had allowed the benefits of capitalism to be broadly shared with other social classes .
Another feature was the use of the state apparatus to reduce the share of labor in national income waken its organizational and negotiating capacity , and repress any movement for substantive social change .
The globalization discourse hides the class realities behind it .
The press , for example , consistently talks about national interests without defining whom exactly is getting what and how , under what policy or decision - making conditions .
Thus , American workers are told that the Chinese are taking their jobs .
But the China threat , in fact , is but another global business partnership , in this case between Chinese commissars who supply global capital cheap labor and the U.S. and other foreign capitalists who supply the technology and much of the capital used to finance China ’s exports .
Workers in Latin America are told that it is their inflexibility and intransigence , and government interference in the free market , that hold them back from engaging meaningfully or at all in the many benefits of globalization .
Many , including on the Left , view “ globalization ” in this way .
However , it would be better to see it for what it is : a class project vis -à - vis the accumulation of capital on a global scale ; and as “ imperialism ” vis -à - vis the project of world domination , a source and means of ideological hegemony over the system .
Neoliberalism is the reigning ideology of the global elite , a transnational capitalist class that holds its annual meeting in the plush mountain resort of Davos , Switzerland .
It is hosted by the multinational corporations that dominate the world economy ( Citigroup , Siemens , Microsoft , Nestlé , Shell , Chevron , BP Amoco , Repsol - YPF , Texaco , Occidental , Halliburton , etc. ) .
Some 2000 CEOs , prominent politicians ( including former and the current presidents of Mexico ) host this and other such meetings to allow these elite to network with pundits and international bureaucrats , discuss policy briefs and position papers on the state of the global economy , and to strategize abut the world ’s future – all over the best food , fine wine , good skiing and cozy evenings by the fire among friends and associates – fellow self - appointed and nominated members and guardians of the imperial world order .
Davos is not a secret cabal , although it is surrounded by meetings and workings of a host of groupings , meetings and committees and extended networks that are just that .
Journalists issue daily reports to the world on the wit and informal charm of these unelected , self - appointed or nominated members of the class that runs and manages the global economy .
In this sense it is a political convention of what Fauz dubs “ the Davos Party ” that includes solid representation from the economic and political elite in Latin America .
The mechanism and dynamics of class membership are unclear ; as far as we know it has not been systemically studied .
But it likely involves “ people ” like Henrique Fernando Cardoso , former dependency theorist and later neoliberal president of Brazil , upon or before completion of his term in office , being invited to give a “ talk ” or address members of the imperial brain trust , the global elite , at one of its diverse foundations and “ policy forums ” .
These include such organs as the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) , a critical linchpin of the imperial brain trust and its system of thinktanks , policy forums and geopolitical planning centers .
Certainly this is how former Mexican presidents Carlos Salinas and Ernesto Zedillo were appointed and assigned specific responsibilities on diverse working “ committees ” designed to identify and redress fissures in and threats to the system .
It is evident that listing in Forbes ’ listing of the world ’s biggest billionaire family fortunes , such as Bill Gates , George Soros and Carlos Slim , is sufficient in itself to ensure automatic membership in the club .
The New World Order system easily identifies those members of the global elite in each country that , as Salbuchi ( 2000 ) notes , are “ malleable , controllable and willing to subordinate themselves to the system ’s objectives ” .
Their careers are then launched so that they may rise to become presidents of their countries or ministers of finance and central bank governors .
This was the case , for example , for Argentina ’s Domingo Cavallo , Chile ’s Alejandro Foxley and Brazil ’s Henrique Cardoso , each of whom received suitable local and international press coverage .
They were honored with “ prestige - generating ” reviews , interviews , conferences and dinners , etc. and then invited to address the Council on Foreign Relations , the Americas Society and Council of the Americas , so that the key New World Order players in New York and Washington could evaluate them .
If and when they pass muster , their election campaigns are generously financed by the corporate , banking and media infrastructure of the “ establishment ” which has the resources and means to bring them to power legally and democratically — to do the bidding of their masters and colleagues .
Some are even invited to join elite circles and organizations such as Trilateral Commission and the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace ) , or one of the CRC ’s working committees .
The Left Responds to the Crisis of Neoliberalism Throughout the 1990s the dominant popular response to neoliberal globalization and associated regimes and policies was in the form of social movements that represented and advanced most effectively the struggle against what Ron Chilcote ( 1990 ) called a “ plurality of resistances to inequality and oppression ” .
These movements placed growing pressure from below on the regime and the “ political class ” .
However , by mid-decade , well into the left ’s general retreat from class politics , a number of these movements followed Brazil ’s labor movement ( The PT or Workers ’ party ) in establishing a party apparatus to allow them to contest both national and local elections — to pursue an electoral strategy .
This political development did not require or mean an abandonment of the social movement strategy of social mobilizations , etc . but it did open up a broader opportunity to participate in the electoral process , allowing the populace to participate in party politics .
Local Politics and Community Development
The mobilization of the electorate via the institutional trappings of liberal democracy provided a new impetus to the political left .
This is the segment that opted for party politics over social mobilization as a strategy for achieving state power : influencing government policy from within rather than outside the system .
However , a large swath of the Left seem to have heeded Jorge Casteñeda ’s call for the Left to switch its electoral ambitions to the municipality , local politics and community development .
His argument , advanced in Utopia Unarmed , was that “ municipal politics should be the centre - piece of the left ’s democratic agenda … because it typifies the kind of change that is viable … a stepping stone for the future ” ( 1994 : 244 ) .
Engagement in local politics , he argued –and much of the left seemed to have followed this line — would provide the basis for a consolidation of the Left after the so - called “ democratic transition ” from 1979 ( Bolivia , Ecuador ) to 1989 ( Chile ) .
In addition it would help re-articulate the civil society - local state nexus and restore legitimacy to the Left ’s relationship with the popular sector ( Lievesley , 2005 : 8 ) .
An example of the approach proposed by Casteñeda , and in fact widely pursued by the Left even before his book ( the World Bank ’s strategy in this regard was already quite advanced ) had already is the PT ’s ( Workers Party ) experience with municipal government in Porto Alegre , the capital city of Brazil ’s state of Rio Grande do Sul ( 1989 -2004 ) .
The PT administration opened up municipal institutions with a stated commitment to accountability and transparency , as well as citizen participation in the budget planning process via the mechanism of public meetings ( Orçamento Participativa ) .
The Porto Alegre experience with participatory budgeting was hailed by the World Bank and the International Development “ community ” of multilateral institutions and liberal academics as a good example of collective decision - making for the common good , a model of grassroots participatory development and politics , and it continues to serve as a guide to similar practices and experiences elsewhere ( Abers , 1997 ) .
Other examples of this “ participatory ” approach towards local politics and community development , widely adopted by the Left in the 1990s in its retreat from class , can be found in Bolivia and Ecuador , both countries a laboratory for diverse experiments to convert the municipality into a “ productive agent ” ( the “ productive municipality ” ) and exertions by the Left to bring about social change via local politics ( North and Cameron , 2003 ) .
On the left this shift from macro-politics and development ( national elections versus social movements ) to micro-politics and development ( local politics , participatory development ) was viewed as a salutary retreat from a form of analysis and politics whose time had come and gone .
Within academe the dynamics of this process has been viewed in some circles as the harbinger of a “ new tyranny ” ( Cooke and Kothari , 2001 ) .
The World Social Forum Process : Is Another World Possible ?
On January 3 , 2007 , Caracas , the capital city of an epicenter of social and political transformation in the region was concerted into the Mecca of the international left .
Thousands of activists ( 100,000 according to the organizers ) arrived in Caracas from some 170 countries to participate in the sixth edition of the World Social Forum ( WSF ) , a process initiated in Porto Alegre , Brazil , six years earlier .
It was the first of what became an annual event , extended to and replicated in other regional settings from India , Europe and most recently Nairobi , Kenya in the African subcontinent .
In each place and in each annual event , the organizers would bring together hundreds of nongovernmental and civil organizations committed to the search for a more ethical form of globalization , a more human form of capitalism .
The process brings together diverse representatives of a self - defined new left committed to the belief in the necessity and possibility of a “ new world ” , an alternative to globalization in its neoliberal form .
There are , of course , defined limits to this new political process : participants are invited and expected to explore diverse proposals for bringing about “ another world ” but to limit this search to reforms to the existing system , reforms that no matter how “ radical ” are expected to leave the pillars of the system intact .
This liberal reform orientation to the process is ensured by explicit exclusions — any political organizations that include armed struggle or violent confrontation and class struggle in its repertoire , that are oriented towards revolutionary change .
ATTAC , a Paris - based social democratic organization is the most visible representative of this approach towards social change , but the World Social Forum from its inception morphed into and became a significant expression of what emerged as the “ anti-globalization movement ” .
This movement had its origins in the encounter of diverse forces of resistance formed in middleclass organizations in the “ global north ” and mounted against the symbols of neoliberal globalization such as the World Trade Organization and the G - 7/8 annual summit .
A defining moment in this movement , rooted in the organizations of the urban middle class — NGOs , unions , students , etc.–in both Europe and North America , included the successful mobilization against the MAI in Seattle .
This mobilization was the first of a number of serialized events scheduled to unfold at important gatherings of the representatives of global capital — Genoa , Quebec , Melbourne , Dakar … .
In Latin America the World Social Forum process , is the basic form taken by the “ antiglobalization movement ” in the search for “ another world ” ( the latest event in this process was hosted by Lula , taking place in Bélem towards the end of January 2009 ) .
Apart from the absence of an internal division between the advocates of moderate reform ( ethical globalization ) and more radical change , the anti-globalization process is designed to define and maintain the outer limits of permitted change .
In other words , it amounts to controlled dissent from the prevailing model of global capitalist development .
Not anti-globalization but a more ethical form .
Not anti-capitalism but a more humane form of capitalism , a more sustainable human form of development .
Not anti-imperialism because imperialism is not at issue .
The New Left and the Politics of No- Power
In the shape and form of class struggle the path towards social change in the 1960s and 1970s was paved with state power .
It was the struggle of the forces of resistance , at the time based in the countryside , in the organizations and movements of the landless and near landless peasants , and in the urban - based organized labor movement .
For the most part , it was led by petit - bourgeois middle class intellectuals .
They were concerned with the capture of state power .
In the 1990s , in a very different context — neoliberal globalization — and in the wake of the Zapatista uprising in January 1994 , there emerged on the left a postmodern twist to the struggle for social change : “ social change without taking state power ” ( Holloway , 2002 ) .
In the discourse of Subcomandante Marcos , the Zapatismo came to symbolically — or theoretically , in the writings of Holloway and others ( for example , Burbach , 1994 ) — represent a “ new way of doing politics ” : to bring about social change without resort to class struggle or the quest for state power ( Holloway , 2002 ) .
However , much of the Latin American Left appeared all to ready to retreat from class politics and engage the new way of “ doing politics ” .
Some of the Left joined the struggle for change at the level of local politics and community development –to bring about social change by building on the assets of the poor , their “ social capital ” ( Portes , 1998 , 2000 ; Ocampo , 2004 ) .
Another part joined the “ situationists ” and other militants of “ radical praxis ” in an intellectual engagement with the forces of social and political disenchantment in the popular barrios of unemployed workers — in Gran Buenos Aires and elsewhere ( Besayag and Sztulwark .
2000 ; Colectivo Situaciónes , 2001 , 2002 ) .
This was in the early years of the new millennium .
In the specific conjuncture of economic and political crisis , a generalized rejection of the “ old way ” of doing politics ( “ que se vayan todos ” ) , the search for redemption and relevance left a large part of the left without a political project , without a social base for their politics .
Dynamics of Electoral Politics : What ’s Left of the Left With the advent of the new millennium , it was clear that the neoliberal model even in its revamped form , had failed to deliver on its promise of economic growth and general prosperity .
Instead it had deepened existing class and global divides in wealth and income , and regime after regime was pushed towards its limits of endurance by the forces of popular mobilization .
In this context , the political class in each country turned to the left , opening up new opportunities for groups that had hitherto concentrated their efforts on local politics and community development .
Governments of the day , many of them neoliberal client regimes of the US , fell to the forces of resistance and opposition .
Political developments in the region regarding this regime change led to a concern in the US , and widespread hopes and expectations on the Left , about a tilt to the left in national politics and what the press ( Globe & Mail ) has termed a “ disheartening ” triumph of politics over “ sound economics ” .
A lot of this concern revolves around Hugo Chávez , who appears ( to the press and U.S. policymakers ) to be taking Venezuela down a decidedly anti-US , anti-imperialist and seemingly socialist path–and taking other governments in the region with him .
Chávez ’s electoral victory was seen by many as the moment when a red tide began to wash over the region ’s political landscape .
In the summer of 2002 , the Movement to Socialism ( MAS ) in Bolivia , led by militant coca growers ’ leader Evo Morales , became the second largest party in the Congress while in December it achieved huge victories in municipal elections — in what was billed by the MAS itself as “ la toma de los municipios ” .
The election to state power of Lula da Silva in Brazil ( October 2002 ) was followed by Nestor Kirchner in Argentina ( May 2003 ) , Tabaré Vasquez in Uruguay ( November 2004 ) , Evo Morales ( December 2005 ) , ( December 2006 ) Rafael Correa in Ecuador ( December 2006 ) and most recently Lucas Longo in Paraguay .
The tide was checked in Mexico in the summer of 2006 when Lopez Obrador , presidential candidate of the PRD , fell just short of victory , and in Peru , where the nationalist Humala lost out to Alan Garcia , the once disgraced social democrat but reborn neoliberal .
But it appeared to swell again with Daniel Ortega ’s victory in Nicaragua — although , given his opportunism and religious rebirth , Ortega could hardly be viewed as on the Left notwithstanding his friendship with Chávez and Fidel Castro — and Rafael Correa .
Thus it appeared that Latin America had turned against the US - inspired — and dictated — neoliberal policies of structural adjustment and globalization by electing to state power a number of parties on the political left — although “ moderate ” or “ pragmatic ” .
Centre - left regimes , some of which cherish their links with Cuba and relish throwing it in the face of the U.S. administration which has shown itself to be extraordinarily ideological and non-pragmatic , now outnumber right - of - centre governments in the region .
The days of the US - supported and instigated right - wing dictatorships and military rule are over , having long disappeared in the dustbins of history and replaced by a new breed of neoliberal regimes .
Latin America turns left ?
These regimes in appearance ( that is , as constructed in the rhetoric of public discourse ) have changed or are changing economic course , ostensibly moving away from the neoliberal policies pushed by the US .
Argentina :
This was the case in Argentina , for example where the Kirchner administration was compelled by the most serious economic and political crisis in its history to confront the IMF and the World Bank , and the US , by halting payments on the country ’s external debt , redirecting import revenues towards productive and social investments .
This included short - term work projects demanded by the mass of unemployed workers that at the time and constituted over 25 % of the labor force who had taken to the streets , picketing highways in protest .
The result : some three years later is an annual growth rate of 8 % , the highest in the region .
Brazil : Another example of apparent regime change was in Brazil , where and when in October 2002 the electorate after his third attempt , voted Ignacio [ Lula ] da Silva , leader of the PT Workers Party , into power , re-electing him in 2006 to a second term in office .
The first President on the “ left ” voted into power since Allende in 1970 , Lula is nevertheless ( and for good reason , it turns out ) very well received by Wall Street , if not Washington , which tends to view him as a thorn in the U.S. side .
Indeed Lula played a major role in defeating the White House plan for a hemispheric free trade zone , and continues to annoy the U.S. with his support of Chávez - Morales - Correa axis in Latin American politics .
In this context , the intellectual Left associated with the anti-globalization movement choose to see Lula as an opponent of neoliberal globalization .
In fact , Lula , on behalf of Brazil ’s agribusiness and other capitalist producers simply has been playing and continues to play hardball in negotiations over access to the U.S. market .
Uruguay : Elections of centre - left governments followed in Uruguay ( 2004 ) , Chile ( 2005 ) , Ecuador ( 2006 ) where the electorate was polarized between a business magnate , Alvaro Noboa , the richest man in the country and a committed neoliberal ideologue Ecuador : Rafael Correa , head of a centre - left coalition that appears to be taking Ecuador down the same path as Evo Morales is taking Bolivia , particularly in regard to a constituent assembly that might well , or is expected to , change the economic and social system as well as the correlation of class forces in the country ’s politics .
In this regard , elements of the political left in Ecuador , especially those associated with the “ Coordinadora de Movimientos Sociales ” ( CMS ) , see a political opportunity to build a “ radical bloc ” on the basis of combined action “ from above ” ( the government ) and “ from below ” ( the indigenous and popular movement ) .
Whether this will happen ( see Saltos , 2006 ) remains to be seen .
For one thing , it hinges on the capacity of the popular movement for active mobilization – to pressure the Correa government from below towards the left .
On this the historic record is fairly clear .
As observed by Pedro Stedile , leader of the MST , “ without active mobilization the government gives nothing ” .
With the election of Rafael Correa over Alvaro Noboa the popular and indigenous movement in Ecuador at least placed on the agenda of government action issues such as national sovereignty , nationalization of the country ’s natural resources , agrarian reform , indigenous rights , subordination of payment on the external debt to social programs , renegotiation of oil contracts will the multinationals , the ending of the military bases in Manta , and Latin American ( vs. continental ) integration .
Whether the government will act on these issues remains to be seen .
The conflict that ensued over the Constituent Assembly ( CA ) in Ecuador and Bolivia , where the CA was finally approved ) is symptomatic of the profound legitimation crisis in the system of class domination in these and other countries ( Saltos , 2006 ) .
Earlier and other forms of hegemony , such as “ globalization ” and the trappings of representative “ democracy ” , have lost their hold over people , having been totally undermined by the all too tangible and visible signs of the negative effects of neoliberal policies .
The reign of Washington in the region appears to be in serious decline .
Nor can Washington , in its efforts to preserve the status quo or the status quo ante , revert to the use of force — to bring back the Armed Forces to restore order .
Its only recourse is to engage “ civil society ” in the project of “ good governance ” — to restore political order by means of a broad social consensus that reaches well beyond the state and the political class ( Blair , 1997 ; OECD , 1997 ; UNDP , 1996 ; World Bank , 1994 b ) .
What we saw in Quito and La Paz in regard to the Constituent Assembly went beyond a conflict between two branches of government .
At issue was that those who elected Correa and Morales had come to the point of refusing to be subordinated to a state controlled by the dominant class and servile to Washington and the interests of global capital .
On achieving political representation with the election of Morales and Correa , and Chávez for that matter , the forces in the popular movement were all too aware that the legislature was dominated by the “ oligarchy ” ( the ruling class is understood in Bolivia and Ecuador ) .
In this situation , Morales and Correa were compelled to construct a multi-class alliance and mobilize the forces of resistance to class rule and the neoliberal agenda of previous governments under the post - Washington Consensus .
The result is the construction of a multi-ethnic or pluri-national state oriented towards what the Vice - President of Bolivia , Alvaro Garcia , conceives of as an Andean form of capitalism , and a new anti-american axis of regional politics and trade .
These and other such political developments in Bolivia and Ecuador are illustrative of what appears to be a regional trend .
For example , in neighboring Colombia in October 2003 the voters elected a former union leader Luis Garzón as mayor of Bogotá .
The election marked a swing to the left in Colombia ’s second most important elective office , a clear challenge to the pro-US , scandal - ridden right - wing government of Alvaro Uribe .
If we take these and other such developments together , especially in Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador , there does indeed seem to be a leftward swing in the political winds of change , leading … to declare that democratic elections are not enough : governments in the region also have to “ govern democratically ” , i.e. place no constrictions on the forces of opposition to the new agenda in national and regional politics .
Whither Socialism in a Sea of Crisis and Neoliberal Decline ?
A serious discussion of the prospects for socialism in Latin America today must take into account 5 phenomenon : world economic conditions in the current conjuncture ,
the state of US - Latin American relations relative to the project of world domination and imperialism ,
the specific impact on Latin American countries of these conditions and relations ,
the conditions deriving from the correlation of class forces within these countries ,
and the class nature and agency of the state relative to these forces .
World Economic Conditions and Their Impact on Latin America Latin America ’s “ restructured ” capitalist economy emerged from the financial crisis of the 1990s and the recession of the early years of the new millennium with its axis of growth anchored in the primary sector of agro-mineral exports ( Cypher , 2007 ; Ocampo , 2007 ) .
From 2003 to 2008 all Latin American economies , regardless of their ideological orientation or political complexion , based their economic growth strategy on the “ re- primarization ” of their export production .
They did so to take advantage thereby of the expanding markets for oil , energy and natural resources and the general increase in the price of primary commodities on the world market .
The driving force of capitalist development in this period was agribusiness and mineral exports , export - oriented production of primary commodities , leading to an increased dependence on diversified overseas markets .
It also led to a change in the correlation of class forces , strengthening the right and , notwithstanding a generalized tilt to the Left at the level of the state , a weakening of the Left .
Ironically , the primarization of exports led to the revival and strengthening of neoliberalism via the reconfiguration of state policy to favor agro-mineral exporters and accommodated the poorest section through populist clientelistic “ poverty programs ” .
In the context of a primary commodities boom and the emergence of a range of democratically elected centre - left regimes , trade union leaders were co-opted and the social movements that had mobilized the forces of resistance to neoliberalism in the 1990s were forced to beat a retreat from the class struggle ( Petras and Veltmeyer , 2009 ) .
The link between U.S. finance capital , the growth of industry and the domestic market in Asia , and the primary commodities boom , was responsible for the period of high growth in Latin America from 2003 to 2008 .
This took place when the boom went bust and most economies in the region succumbed to a financial crisis of global proportions and a system - wide deep recession that threatened to push the U.S. economy , at the centre of the gravitational force of this crisis , towards collapse .
Impact of the U.S. wars in Latin America The U.S. empire ’s “ over - extended ” with its exceedingly high costs of prosecuting imperialist war in Iraq and maintaining its enormous military apparatus — military expenditures on the Iraq war alone increasing by millions each minute ( as of February 17 , 2009 US$ 597.7 billion ) and likely to cost well over a trillion dollars before it is over .
Thus the capacity of the U.S. to weather the storm of financial crisis and a deepening recession has been seriously diminished .
Given the absorption of the U.S. state in the Iraq war , governments in Latin America in the latest phase of capitalist development managed to achieve a measure of “ independence ” and “ relative autonomy ” in their relations with the United States .
This has given leaders like Hugo Chavez a free hand in his efforts to push Venezuela in a socialist direction .
Impact of World Recession and U.S. Imperial Revivalism in Latin America Latin America is feeling the full brunt of the world recession .
Every country in the region , without exception , is experiencing a major decline in trade , domestic production , investment , employment , state revenues and income .
The projected growth of Latin America ’s GDP in 2009 has declined from 3.6 % in September 2008 to 1.4 % in December 2008 ( Financial Times , January 9 , 2009 ) .
More recent projections estimate Latin America ’s GDP per capita as falling to minus two percent ( - 2 % ) .
As a result state spending on social services will undoubtedly be reduced .
State credit and subsidies to big banks and businesses will increase ; unemployment will expand , especially in the agro-mineral and transport ( automobile ) export sectors .
Public employees will be let go and experience a sharp decline in salaries .
Latin America ’s balance of payments will deteriorate as the inflow of billions of dollars and euros in remittances from overseas workers , a major source of “ international financial resource ” for many countries in the region , declines .
Foreign speculators are already withdrawing tens of billions of investment dollars to cover their losses in the U.S. and Europe .
A process of foreign disinvestment has replaced the substantial inflow of “ foreign investment ” in recent years , eliminating a major source of financing for major “ joint ventures ” .
The precipitous decline in commodity prices in 2008 , reflecting an abrupt drop in world demand , has sharply reduced government revenues dependent on export taxes .
Foreign reserves in Latin America can only cushion the fall in export revenues for a limited time and extent .
The recession also means that the economic and social structure , the entire socioeconomic class configuration on which Latin America ’s growth dynamic in recent years ( 2003 - 2008 ) was based , is headed for a major transformation .
The entire spectrum of political parties linked to the primary commodity export model , dominating the electoral process will be adversely affected .
The trade unions and social movements oriented toward an improvement in their socioeconomic conditions and wages , social reforms and increased expenditures of fiscal resources and social spending within the primary commodity export model will be forced to take direct action or lose influence and relevance .
The initial response of the left of center regimes that came to power in the context of a primary commodities boom and neoliberalism in its demise has largely focused on : financial support for the banking sector ( Lula ) and lower taxes for the agro-mineral export elite ( Kirchner / Lula ) ;
cheap credit for consumers to stimulate domestic consumption ( Kirchner ) ; and
temporary unemployment benefits for workers laid off from closed small and medium size mines ( Morales ) .
The response of the Latin American regimes to date ( up to the beginning of 2009 ) could be characterized as delusional , the belief that their economies would not be affected .
This response was followed by an attempt to minimize the crisis , with the claim that the recession would not be severe and that most countries would experience a rapid recovery in “ late 2009 ” .
It is argued in this context that the existing foreign reserves would protect their countries from a more severe decline .
According to the IMF , 40 % of Latin America ’s financial wealth ( $ 2.200 billion dollars ) was lost in 2008 because of the decline of the stock market and other asset markets and currency depreciation .
This decline is estimated to reduce domestic spending by 5 % in 2009 .
The terms of trade for Latin America have deteriorated sharply as commodity prices have fallen sharply , making imports more expensive and raising the specter of growing trade deficits ( Financial Times , January 9 , 2009 , p. 7 ) .
The impact of these “ developments ” can be traced out not only in regime politics but on the class structure and the correlation of forces associated with this structure .
Thus , the fall in the demand and price of primary commodities is resulting in a sharp decline in income , the power and the solvency of the agromineral exporters that dominated state policy in recent years .
Much of their expansion during the “ boom years ” was debt - financed , in some cases with dollar and euro - denominated loans ( Financial Times , January 9 , 2009 , p.7 ) .
But many of the highly indebted “ export elite ” now face bankruptcy and are pressuring their governments to relieve them of immediate debt obligations .
And in the course of the recession / depression there will be a further concentration and centralization of agro-mineral capital as many medium and large miners and capitalist farmers are foreclosed or forced to sell .
The relative decline of the contribution of the agro-mineral sector to the GDP and state revenues means they will have less leverage over the government and economic decision making .
The collapse of their overseas markets and their dependence on the state to subsidize their debts and intervene in the market means that the “ neoliberal ” free market ideology is dead – for the duration of the recession .
Weakened economically , the agro-mineral elite are turning to the state as its instrument of survival , recovery and refinancing .
In this new context , the “ new statism ” in formation has absolutely nothing “ progressive ” about it , let alone any claim to “ socialism ” .
The state under the influence of the primary sector elites assumes the primary task of imposing the entire burden of the recession on the backs of the workers , employees , small farmers and business operators .
In other words , the state is charged with indebting the mass of people in order to subsidize the debts of the elite export sector and provide zero cost loans to capital .
Massive cuts in social services ( health , pensions and education ) , and salaries will be backed by state repression .
In the final analysis the increased role of the state will be primarily directed to financing the debt and subsidizing loans to the ruling class .
The State of U.S. Relations in Latin America in the Current Conjuncture
If the U.S. suffered a severe loss of influence in the first half decade of the early 2000s due to mass mobilization and popular movements ousting its clients , during the subsequent four years the U.S. retained political influence among the most reactionary regimes in the region , especially Mexico , Peru and Colombia .
Despite the decline of mass mobilizations after 2004 , the after - effects continued to ripple through regional relations and blocked efforts by Washington to return to relations that had existed during the “ golden decade ” of pillage ( 1990 - 1999 ) .
While internal political dynamics put the brakes on any return to the 1990s , several other factors undermined Washington ’s assertion of full scale dominance :
The U.S. turned all of its attention , resources and military efforts toward multiple wars in South Asia ( Afghanistan ) , Iraq and Somalia and to war preparations against Iran while backing Israel ”s aggression against Palestine , Lebanon and Syria .
Because of the prolonged and losing character of these wars , Washington remained relatively immobilized as far as South America was concerned .
Equally important Washington ’s declaration of a intensified worldwide counter - insurgency offensive ( the “ War on Terror ” ) diverted resources toward other regions .
With the U.S. empire builders occupied elsewhere , Latin America was relatively free to pursue a more autonomous political agenda , including greater regional integrations , to the point of rejecting the U.S. proposed “ Free Trade Agreement ” .
In this new context the spectrum of international relations between the U.S. and Latin America runs the gamut : from : “ independence ” ( Venezuela ) ,
“ relative autonomy ” within competitive capitalism ( Brazil ) ,
relative autonomy and critical opposition ( Bolivia ) to
selective collaboration ( Chile ) and
deep collaboration within a neoliberal framework ( Mexico , Peru and Colombia ) .
Venezuelan Independence : Venezuela constructed its leadership of the alternative nationalist pole in Latin America , in reaction to U.S. intervention .
Chávez has sustained its independent position through nationalist social welfare measures , which has garnered mass support .
A policy of “ independence ” was made possible , and financed as it were , by the commodity boom and the jump in oil prices .
The “ dialectic ” of the US - Venezuelan conflict evolved in the context of U.S. economic weakness and over - extended warfare in the Middle East on the one hand - and economic prosperity in Venezuela , which allowed it to gain regional and even international allies , on the other .
Brazil 's " Relative Autonomy " with Competitive Capitalism :
The autonomous - competitive tendency in Latin America is embodied by Brazil .
Aided by the expansive agro-mineral export boom , Brazil projected itself on the world trade and investment scene , while deepening its economic expansion among its smaller and weaker neighbors like Paraguay , Bolivia , Uruguay and Ecuador .
Brazil , like the other BRIC countries ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) forms part of newly emerging expansionist power center intent on competing and sharing with the U.S. control over the region ’s abundant resources and the smaller countries in Latin America .
Brazil under Lula shares Washington ’s economic imperial vision ( backed by its armed forces ) even as it competes with the U.S. for supremacy .
In this context , Brazil seeks extra-regional imperial allies in Europe ( mainly France ) and it uses the “ regional ” forums and bilateral agreements with the nationalist regimes to “ balance ” its powerful economic links with Euro - US financial and multi-national capital .
Colombia , Mexico and Peru :
At the opposite end of the spectrum are the “ imperial collaborator ” regimes of Colombia , Mexico and Peru , which remain steadfast in their pro-imperial loyalties .
They are Washington ’s reliable supporters against the nationalist Chávez government and they remain staunch backers of bilateral free trade agreements with the U.S. Chile , Argentina and others :
The other countries in the region , including Chile and Argentina , continue to oscillate and improvise their policies in relation to and among these three blocs .
But what should be absolutely clear is that all the countries , whether radical nationalist or imperial collaborators operate within a capitalist economy and class system in which market relations and the capitalist classes are still the central players .
Socialism and the Latin American State in the Current Conjuncture
of the Class Struggle Control of the state is an essential condition for establishing socialism .
But it is evident that a more critical factor is the composition of the social forces that have managed to achieve state power by one means or the other .
From 2003 to 2008 , in the context of a primary commodities boom and a serious decline in the mobilizing power of neoliberal globalization , one state after the other in Latin America has tilted to the Left in establishing a nominally anti-neoliberal regime .
However , the only regime in the region with a socialist project is that of Chávez , who has used the additional fiscal resources derived from the sale of oil and the primary commodities boom — specifically the growing world demand for oil – to turn the state in a socialist direction under the ideological banner of the “ Bolivarian Revolution ” .
All of the other center - left regimes formed in this conjuncture for one reason or the other , and regardless of their national sovereignty concerns vis-à - vis U.S. imperialism , have retained an essential commitment to neoliberalism , albeit in a more socially inclusive and pragmatic form as prescribed by the post - Washington Consensus ( Ocampo , 1998 ) .
Use of Fiscal Revenues for Socialism : A surprising feature of these centre - left regimes is that not one of them — again Venezuela ( and of course Cuba ) the exceptions — use their additional fiscal revenues derived from the primary commodities boom to reorient the state in a socialist direction , i.e. to share the wealth or , at least , in the absence of any attempt to flatten or eliminate the class structure to redirect fiscal revenues toward programs designed to improve the lot of the subordinate classes and the poor .
Again , " Chávez ” is the exception in the use of windfall fiscal revenues derived from the primary commodities boom ( oil revenues in the case of Venezuela ) to improve conditions for the working class and the popular classes .
The statistics regarding this “ development ” ( see Weisbrot , 2009 ) are startling .
Over the entire decade of Chávez rule , social spending per capita has tripled and the number of social security beneficiaries more than doubled ; the percentage of households in poverty has been reduced by 39 % , and extreme poverty by more than half .
During the primary commodities boom ( 2003 - 2008 ) , the poverty rate in Venezuela was cut by more than half , from 54 % of households in the first half of 2003 to 26 % at the end of 2008 .
Extreme poverty fell even more ( by 72 % ) .
And these poverty rates measure only cash income , and do not take into account increased access to health care or education .
However , in the other countries in the region governed by centre - of - left regimes , not one of which is oriented towards socialism , conditions were and are very different .
In a few cases ( Chile , Brazil ) the rate of extreme poverty was cut , but in all cases , despite recourse to an anti-poverty program following the post - Washington Concensus ( PWC ) , government spending was relatively regressive .
In only one case ( Venezuela ) is per capita PSE greater today than it was in 2000 in the vortex of a widespread crisis and a zero growth ( Clements , Faircloth and Verhoeven , 2007 ) .
In many cases social programs and government spending was allocated so as to distribute more benefits to the richest stratum of households and the well - to - do than to the working class and the poor .
Even in the case of Bolivia , where the Morales - Garcia Lineres regime has a clearly defined anti-neoliberal and anti-US imperialist orientation , the government has not expanded social program expenditures relative to investments and expenditures .
Instead , their investments and expenditures are are designed to alleviate the concerns of foreign investors .
The richest stratum of households benefited more from fiscal expenditures on social programs than the poorest ( Petras and Veltmeyer , 2009 ) .
All of the centre - left regimes that have came to power in this millennium , especially Brazil and Chile , elaborated anti-poverty programs with reference to the PWC .
In the case of Bolivia fiscal expenditures on social programs defined by the “ new social policy ” of the post - Washington Consensus have been supplemented by a populist program of bonuses and handouts , and popular programs in health and education , but these have been almost entirely financed by Cuba and Venezuela .
As for the fiscal resources derived from Bolivia ’s participation in the primary commodities boom - they have been allocated with a greater sensitivity to the concerns of foreign investors than the demands of the working class and the indigenous poor .
In this situation , what is needed is not only access to state power , which the social movements managed to ostensibly achieve via the election of Evo Morales , but an ideological commitment of the government to socialism – to turn the state in a socialist direction .
In this connection the Chávez regime is unique among Latin American heads of state .
Even so the road ahead for the Bolivarian revolution in bringing about socialism of the twenty - first century promises to be long and “ rocky ” , as in the case of Cuba littered with numerous pitfalls but unlike Cuba with the likely growth in the forces of opposition .
Notes
1 . The basic elements of the new post - Washington Consensus policy agenda under the model of “ sustainable human development ( UNDP , 1996 ) are : a neoliberal program of macroeconomic policy measures , including privatization , agricultural modernization and labor reform ;
a “ new social policy ” supported by a “ social investment fund ” targeted at the poor ;
specific social programs ( policies related to health , education and employment ) designed to protect the most vulnerable social groups from the brunt of the high “ transitional ” social costs of structural adjustment — and to provide a “ human face ” to the overall process ; and
a policy of administrative decentralization and popular participation designed to establish the juridical - administrative framework for a process of participatory development and conditions of “ democratic governance .
2 . Of course , this also applies to the U.S. as in the run-up to George W. Bush ’s campaign for a second term in office .
On 28 July , 2004 , a caravan of fifty multi-billionaires met in Boston to defend and secure the electoral victory of the president .
In the words of Count Mamoni – to a reporter of La Jornada ( Jul 28 , 2004 ) “ We are the rich who wish to ensure that the president who we bought [ paid for ] stays in the White House ” .
He adds that “ those of us who were born to wealth and privilege . . .[ are ] owners of the country [ and must continues as such ] . ”
One of the participants in the “ Join the Limousine ” tour added that “ we are all winners under this government , just some a lot more than others ” .
3 . On this see De la Fuente ( 2001 ) , Sánchez ( 2003 ) and Terceros and Zambrana Barrios ( 2002 ) .
4 . Napoleon Saltos , Director of the CMS sees political developments in Ecuador as somewhere between Venezuela , which is implementing from above a sort of socialist plan without pressure from below , and Bolivia , where the government to some extent is subject to the pressures of a mobilized population .
5 . The onset of the recession in Latin America is evident in the 6.2 % fall in Brazil ’s industrial output in November 2008 and its accelerating negative momentum ( Financial Times , January 7 , 2009 p. 5 ) .
6 . On this point see the IMF as in Alier and Clements ( 2007 : 4 - 5 ) : “ Reallocating social spending to programs that most benefit the poor … [ are ] important for forging a more equitable society … [ but ] the distributive incidence of social spending varies greatly across programs , with primary education and social assistance programs having the most favorable impact , while higher education and social insurance programs tend to benefit middle and upper - income groups .
Because of the low share of spending in pro-poor programs – such as social assistance – the majority of social spending benefits accrue to those that are relatively well off . ”
References Abers , Rebecca .
1997 .
Inventing Local Democracy : Neighborhood Organizing and Participatory Policy - Making in Porto Alegre , Brazil .
Ph.D. Dissertation , University of California , Urban Planning .
Alier , Max and Benedict Clements .
2007 .
“ Comments on Fiscal Policy Reform in Latin America , ” Paper prepared for the Copenhagen Consensus for Latin America and the Caribbean — Consulta de San José , Costa Rica , October 20 - 25 , Aznar , José María .
2007 .
América Latina .
Una agenda de libertad .
Madrid : Fundación para el Análisis y los Estudios Sociales ( FAES ) .
Besayag , Miguel y Diego Sztulwark .
2000 .
Política y situación : de la potencia wl contrapoder .
Buenos Aires : Ed. De Mano en Mano .
Blair , H. 1997 .
Democratic Local Governance in Bolivia .
CDIE Impact Evaluation , No. 3 . Washington DC : USAID .
Booth , David .
1996 .
“ Popular Participation , Democracy , the State in Rural Bolivia , ” Dept. of Anthropology , Stockholm University .
La Paz .
Bulmer - Thomas , Victor .
1996 .
The New Economic Model in Latin America and its Impact on Income Distribution and Poverty .
New York : St. Martin ’s Press .
Burbach , Roger. 1994 .
“ Roots of the Postmodern Rebellion in Chiapas , ” New Left Review , 1 ( 205 ) .
Casteñeda , J. G. 1994 .
Utopia Unarmed : The Latin American Left After the Cold War. New York :
Chilcote , R. H. 1990 .
“ Post - Marxism .
The Retreat from Class in Latin America , ” Latin American Perspectives , 65 ( 17 ) , Spring .
Clements , Benedict , Christopher Faircloth and Marijn Verhoeven .
2007 .
“ Public Expenditure in Latin America : Trends and Key Policy Issues , ” IMF Working Paper WP/07/21 .
Colectivo Situaciones .
2001 .
Contrapoder : una introducción .
Buenos Aires : Ediciones de Mano en Mano ( Noviembre ) .
Colectivo Situaciones .
2002 . 19 y 20 : Apuntes para el nuevo protagonismo social .
Buenos Aires : Editorial
De mano en Mano , Abril .
CONAIE . 1994 .
Proyecto político de la CONAIE .
Quito .
CONAIE — Confederación de Nacionalidades Indígenas de Ecuador .
2003 .
Mandato de la I Cumbre de las Nacionalidades , Pueblos y Autoridades Alternativas .
Quito : CONAIE .
Cooke , B. and U. Kothari , eds , 2001 .
Participation : The New Tyranny ?
London and New York : Zed Books .
Crabtree , John . 2003 .
“ The Impact of Neo -Liberal Economics on Peruvian Peasant Agriculture in the 1990s , ” Pp. 131-161 in Latin American Peasants , edited by Tom Brass , London , Frank
Craig , D. and Porter , D. 2006 .
Development Beyond Neoliberalism ?
Governance , Poverty Reduction and Political Economy .
Abingdon Oxon : Routledge .
Crouch , C , and Pizzorno , A. 1978 .
Resurgence of Class Conflict in Western Europe Since 1968 .
London : Holmes & Meier .
Cypher , James M. 2007 .
“ Back to the 19th Century ?
The Current Commodities Boom and the Primarization Process in Latin America , ” Presented to the LASA XXVII International Congress Session ECO20 , Montreal , Canada September 5 - 8 .
Dávalos , Pablo .
2004 .
“ Movimiento indígena , democracia , Estado y plurinacionalidad en Ecuador , ” Revista Venezolana de Economía y Ciencias Sociales , 10 ( 1 ) , Enero - Abril .
Davis , Mike .
1984 .
“ The Political Economy of late - Imperial America , ” New Left Review , 143 , January - February .
_____. 2006 .
Planet of Slums .
London : Verso .
De Castro Silva , Claudete y Tania Margarete Keinart .
1996 .
“ Globalizacion , Estado nacional e instancias locales de poder en America Latina , ” Nueva Sociedad , No. 142 , Abil - Mayo .
De la Fuente , Manuel , ed. 2001 .
Participación popular y desarrollo local , Cochabamba : PROMEC -CEPLAG-CESU .
De la Garza , Enrique .
1994 .
“ Los sindicatos en America Latina frente a la estructuración productiva y los ajustes neoliberales , ” El Cotidiano , No. 64 , 9 - 10 , Mexico .
Delgado - Wise , Raúl. 2006 .
“ Migration and Imperialism : The Mexican Workforce in the Context of NAFTA , ” Latin American Perspectives , 33 ( 2 ) : 33 -45 .
Dominguez , J. and A. Lowenthal ( eds. ) .
1996 .
Constructing Democratic Governance .
Baltimore : John Hopkins University Press .
ECLAC — Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean .
1990 .
Productive Transformation with Equity .
Santiago , Chile : ECLAC .
Faux , Jeffrey .
2006 .
The Class War. Washington DC : Economic Policy Institute .
Holloway , John . 2002 .
Change The World Without Taking Power : The Meaning of Revolution Today .
London : Pluto Press .
Holloway , John and Eloina Peláez , eds.1998 .
Zapatista !
Reinventing Revolution in Mexico .
London : Pluto Press .
Levitt , Kari. 2003 .
“ Grounding the Globalization Debate in Political Economy , ” Notes for a Contribution Towards the publication of Globalization and Anti-Globalization .
Halifax : Saint Mary ’s University .
Lievesley , Geraldine .
2005 .
“ The Latin American Left : The Difficult Relationship between Electoral Ambition and Popular Empowerment , ” Contemporary Politics , 11 ( 1 ) , March .
Macas , Luis. 2000 .
“ Movimiento indígena ecuatoriano : Una evaluación necesaria , ” Boletín ICCI “ RIMAY , ” Año 3 , No. 21 , diciembre , pp. 1 - 5 .
Macas , Luis. 2004 .
“ El movimiento Indígena : Aproximaciones a la comprensión del desarrollo ideológico politico , ” Tendencia Revista Ideológico Político , I , Quito , Marzo , pp. 60 - 67 .
Marcos , Subcomadante .
1994 .
“ Tourist Guide to Chiapas , ” Monthly Review
North , Liisa and John Cameron , eds. 2003 .
Rural Progress , Rural Decay : Neoliberal Adjustment Policies and Local Initiatives Bloomfield CT : Kumarian Press .
Ocampo , A. 2004 .
“ Social Capital and the Development Agenda , ” pp. 25 - 32 in Atria , R. et al. eds. Social Capital and Poverty Reduction in Latin America and the Caribbean : Towards a New Paradigm .
Santiago : ECLAC .
Ocampo , José Antonio .
1998 .
“ Beyond the Washington Consensus : an ECLAC Perspective , ” CEPAL Review 66 , ( December ) , 7 - 28 .
_____. 2007 .
“ The Macroeconomics of the Latin American Economic Boom , ” CEPAL Review 93 , December .
OECD — Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development .
1997 . Final Report of the DAC Ad Hoc Working Group on Participatory Development and Good Governance .
Paris .
Petras , James .
1997a .
“ The Resurgence of the Left , ” New Left Review , No. 223 .
_____. 1997 b .
“ MST and Latin America : The Revival of the Peasantry as a Revolutionary Force , ” Canadian Dimension , 31 ( 3 ) , May / June .
_____. 2001 .
“ Are Latin American Peasant Movements Still a Force for Change ?
Some New Paradigms revisited , ” The Journal of Peasant Studies , 28 ( 2 ) .
_____. 2006 .
“ Following the Profits and Escaping the Debts : International Immigration and Imperial - Centered Accumulation . ”
_____. 2007 .
“ Global Ruling Class : Billionaires and How They ‘ Made It ’ , ”
Petras , James and Henry Veltmeyer .
2005 .
Social Movements and the State : Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Ecuador .
London : Pluto Press .
_____. 2009 .
What ’s Left in Latin America .
Aldershot : Ashgate Publishing .
Portes , A. 1998 .
“ Social Capital : its Origins and Applications in Modern Sociology , ” Annual Review of Sociology , 24 : 1 - 24 .
_____. 2000 .
“ Social Capital : Promise and Pitfalls of its Role in Development , ” Journal of Latin American Studies , 32 : 529-547 .
Salbuchi , Adrian .
2000 .
El cerebro del mundo : la cara oculta de la globalización .
4th .
ed. , Córdoba , Argentina : Ediciones del Copista .
Saltos Galarza , Napoleón .
2006 .
“ La derrota del poder económico y la emergencia del poder constituyente , ” Quito , December 1 < wnsaltosg@yahoo.es > .
Sánchez , Rolando , ed. 2003 .
Desarrollo pensado desde los municipios : capital social y despliegue de potencialidades local .
La Paz : PIED — Programa de Investigación Estratégia en Bolivia .
Saxe - Fernández , John and Omar Núñez .
2001 .
“ Globalización e Imperialismo : La transferencia de Excedentes de América Latina , ” in Saxe - Fernández et al .
Globalización , Imperialismo y Clase Social , Buenos Aires : Editorial Lúmen .
Stedile , Joao Pedro. 2000 .
Interview with James Petras , May 14 .
Terceros , Walter and Jonny Zambrana Barrios .
2002 .
Experiencias de los consejos de participación popular ( CPPs ) .
Cochabamba : PROSANA , Unidad de fortalecimiento comunitario y transversales .
Toothaker , Christopher .
2007 .
“ Chávez Cites Plan for ‘ Collective Property ’ , ” Associated Press , Posted March 27 [ http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business/realestate/sfl-achavez27mar]
UNICEF .
1989 .
Participación de los sectores pobres en programas de desarrollo local .
Santiago , Chile : UNICEF .
UNDP . 1996 .
“ Good Governance and Sustainable Human Development , ” Governance Policy Paper .
Van Waeyenberge , Elisa .
2006 .
“ From Washington to Post - Washington Consensus , ” in Jomo , K. S. and Ben Fine ( eds . )
The New Development Economics .
London : Zed Books .
Weisbrot , Mark . 2009 .
“ The Chávez Administration at 10 Years : The Economy and Social Indicators , ” The Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR ) , Washington DC , February 5 .
World Bank. 1994a .
The World Bank and Participation .
Washington DC : World Bank , Operations Policy Department .
World Bank . 1994b .
Governance .
The World Bank Experience .
Washington DC : World Ban
© Copyright 2014 by AxisofLogic.com
This material is available for republication as long as reprints include verbatim copy of the article in its entirety , respecting its integrity .
Reprints must cite the author and Axis of Logic as the original source including a " live link " to the article .
Thank you !
Print This Make a Donation !
Donate here
If you appreciated this article , please consider making a donation to Axis of Logic .
We do not use commercial advertising or corporate funding .
We depend solely upon you , the reader , to continue providing quality news and opinion on world affairs .
---
Chelsea Clinton and Marc Mezvinsky Engaged ( PHOTOS )
A spokesman for former President has confirmed that his daughter , 29 , is engaged to her longtime boyfriend
She is also the daughter of Secretary of State
The couple met while they were attending Stanford University .
Mezvinsky is an investment banker at Goldman Sachs and she is currently studying Health Policy and Management at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health .
Chelsea and Marc decided to announce their good news via email : " We 're sorry for the mass email but we wanted to wish everyone a belated Happy Thanksgiving !
We also wanted to share that we are engaged !
We did n't get married this past summer despite the stories to the contrary , but we are looking toward next summer and hope you all will be there to celebrate with us .
Happy Holidays !
Chelsea & Marc . "
The groom - to - be is the son of former Rep. Ed Mezvinsky , D - Iowa and the former Rep. Marjorie Margolies - Mezvinksy , D - Penn .
Chelsea Clinton & Marc Mezvinsky ' Wedding of the Decade ' ( PHOTOS , DETAILS )
View more photos below .
Photos : WENN
Since being elected the first African - American RNC chairman , Michael Steele has gotten into some brief internecine spats for a number of bordering - on - insurgent quips against his party , but his latest might be destined to haunt him forever .
And perhaps it ’s another indication that his heart is n’t in the right place and that deep down he might think that he ’s speaking for the wrong party , even .
ADVERTISEMENT
During a weekend interview , Michael Steele told TV One‘s Roland Martin that he has experienced fear from other selected members of his party because of the color of his skin .
“ I mean I ’ve been in the room and they ’ve been scared of me , ” the RNC chairman said about fellow Republicans .
Partial transcript :
MARTIN : How do you — granted , a popular president got 95 % of the black vote — you got any shot at getting black voters and if so what are the two issues that speaks to black voters for Republican have a shot at them ?
STEELE : Education and the economy .
Education and jobs .
Education and small business .
MARTIN : But your candidates got to talk to them .
One of the criticisms I ’ve always had is Republicans — white Republicans — have been scared of black folks .
STEELE : You ’re absolutely right .
I mean I ’ve been in the room and they ’ve been scared of me .
I ’m like , “ I ’m on your side ” and so I can imagine going out there and talking to someone like you , you know , [ you ’re like , ] “ I ’ll listen . ”
And they ’re like “ Well . ”
Let me tell you .
You saw in Christie and you saw in McDonnell a door open because they went in and engaged .
McDonnell was very deliberate about spending — MARTIN : Right .
STEELE : I mean , Sheila Johnson was on his team .
I mean , that was a big deal .
That ’s because he engaged her and she helped navigate him through that relationship .
( via TV One )
A selected sampling of prior Steele statements that have caused a ruckus include referring to Rush Limbaugh as a practitioner of “ ugly ” entertainment , claiming he went from “ pro-life his entire career ” to believing abortion is an “ individual choice , ” offering “ slum love ” to Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , hinting that former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney lost in the 2008 presidential primaries because he was Mormon , and suggesting that the GOP was in dire need of a ‘ hip - hop ’ makeover .
ADVERTISEMENT
Other “ he said what ” quips include his hoping to attract more blacks to his party by offering them “ fried chicken and potato salad ” and joking that the GOP needs “ to uptick our image with everyone , including one - armed midgets . ”
In March , Politico reported Steele was “ [ s ] teadily becoming a dependable punch line ” due to his frequent gaffes .
“ There ’s frustration that there ’s no discipline , no planning , ” a ‘ well - known Republican consultant ’ told Politico .
“ He ’s risking being overexposed by accepting every interview , which makes gaffes more likely . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
More from Politico ’s March story :
In a lengthy interview , Steele was unapologetic , referring to the high - level GOP critics and skeptics as “ nervous Nellies ” and saying that he actually has been tempering his public remarks .
“ If I told folks what I really thought , I ’d probably be in a lot more trouble , ” he said .
“ I think that ’s what I bring to this job , as a voice of the party : I think it ’s important to have that kind of newness and rawness to it that grabs folks ’ attention and hopefully … take a look at what we ’re doing . ”
This video is from TV One , broadcast Nov. 9 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
In the works to get a new look !
Elizabeth Williamson reports on the White House .
The mystery begins in a Pittsburgh bar where several high - flying airline types met last month .
The group swapped stories over drinks when three people present let loose with a good tale .
Bo , the presidential puppy , recently left a present on the presidential jet , they said , and a flight attendant had nearly stepped in it .
Associated Press
Bo , the Obama family dog , walks away from Air Force One Aug. 30 , 2009 , at Andrews Air Force Base , Md. , upon the Obamas ’ arrival from a vacation in Martha ’s Vineyard .
( AP Photo / Alex Brandon )
“ You can imagine the horror on board when they discovered what it had done , ” a participant in the conversation said , referring to Bo .
Reports of other puppy - like behavior support the story .
At least two reporters spotted Bo running loose aboard Air Force One this summer .
News stories say he chews socks , magazines and the presidential sneakers .
In an NBC television interview around the time of the alleged accident , President Barack Obama said Bo has chosen notable venues in the past …
A fan of Randall Munroe 's brilliant webcomic xkcd ?
Well , today we 've got an exclusive interview with the stickmeister himself , just in time for the release of his first book : Volume 0 recently published by our friends over @ Breadpig.com .
Plus , we 're going to give you a chance to win a free copy of the book !
( stick around and see details at the end of the post )
But first , the interview ...
DI : For the ignorant among us , or those too lazy to check out your Web site : what 's the deal with xkcd ?
What 's it stand for and why do you insist on making me feel like a moron who can't figure out how to pronounce it ?
RM : I can't pronounce it either , although I once saw someone argue that linguistically , each letter is silent .
As for where it came from , sometime back in 1999 I picked a set of random letters to which to stake my claim , so that it would always mean what I wanted and nothing else .
So I wanted something with no pronunciation , something that did n't make an acronym , and which did n't look like any other word .
And something which was short , so I could type it fast !
DI : I heard before you became Digg and Reddit 's most famous cartoonist , you were working on robots at NASA 's Langley Research Center in Virginia .
Um , honestly ?
RM : Yup !
But it 's not nearly as dramatic as it sounds .
I spent one summer interning working on a student - run virtual reality project , and was hired the next year to work on another section of the base on a project building a little R2 - D2 - sized robot that was serving as a testbed / demo platform for some technologies other groups were working on .
It was pretty standard programming work , and I was only there a year or so before leaving to do xkcd full time .
DI : I do n't know how much you know about us _flosser , but we 're on a mission to take over the blogosphere .
How much do we have to pay you to put our URL or some branded rat - a - tat in your next comic ?
RM : Oh , I 'm not sure you want that .
I did a comic early on about Cory Doctorow wearing a red cape and goggles while he blogs , and I do n't think he 'll ever live the image down .
DI : Breadpig has never published a book before , so this is quite unusual .
Talk a little bit about how it all came about .
RM : Really , we were n't looking for a publisher .
The normal role of a publisher is to give you an advance , oversee the distribution of your book , negotiate with retailers , and take most of the profit .
Since the main potential readership for an xkcd collection is already connected to me through my site , I was n't looking for bookstore distribution , so I was n't even sure I needed a publisher at all .
My business partner , Derek , was talking with my friend Alexis [ Ohanian ] about what we'd want in a book , and Alexis thought he and Breadpig could fill the reduced role pretty well ( finding printers and scheduling a basic tour ) .
The idea sounded good to me , so we went with it .
DI : Is it true that some of the proceeds go to charity ?
RM : A portion of the proceeds went to Room to Read , which was suggested by Alexis .
It 's a great charity which builds schools in countries where they 're needed .
The world 's got a lot of problems and I sure do n't have the answers , but there 's a great Aristotle quote that 's something like , " All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth . " 
So education is as good a place to start as any .
DI : People often ask songwriters , " Which comes first ?
The music or the words ? "
Likewise , I wonder :
Which comes first for you ?
The setup / scene or the punchline ?
RM :
It really goes both ways !
A lot of the time , when a comic is inspired by real life , it 's the setup that comes first .
Someone makes fun of me , and days later I finally come up with a clever retort , and since it 's too late to reply I turn that into a comic .
But sometimes I have an idea and I work for a while to figure out how to lead up to it .
And occasionally , like in comic # 77 , I draw a picture I like and then try to figure out a comic to go around it .
DI : Because your characters rarely have distinguishing characteristics -- one of the things I love about them , btw -- when you 're writing them , are you thinking : " Oh , this is a gag THIS character would say " rather than " Oh , this is a gag THAT character would say " ?
Or are the generic - looking characters more or less the same person in your mind ?
RM :
The generic - looking characters do n't have particularly consistent identities , and from looking carefully at comics it 's clear there are several of each .
But I try to make sure the focus is on the conversation or the activities and not on trying to figure out how the character who 's talking fits into previous strips .
DI : What are some of your favorite comics ?
RM : I read comics by some of my friends pretty regularly -- among many others , there 's Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal , by Zach Weiner , Jeph Jacques 's Questionable Content , A Softer World by Joey Comeau and Emily Horne , and Cyanide and Happiness , which is by four or eight different very nice guys .
A couple of comics I really like have ended -- Men in Hats by Aaron Farber and Minus by Ryan Armand .
And one of my favorite comics ended some time ago but restarted -- Buttercup Festival , by David Troupes .
DI : Besides other comics , where do you , er , draw inspiration from ?
RM : Arguments with my friends , when we 're competing to try to be as clever as possible .
That , and my ongoing frustrations trying to get various pieces of software to work properly .
The problems I manage to create are notorious for their absurdity -- some of my sysadmin friends spend a lot of time doing double - takes .
I frequently hear things like , " how did you manage to break that ? "
DI : If you could sit down and have lunch with any comic strip character in history , who would it be and what would you want to know ?
RM :
If we 're limited specifically to comic strips , I think lunch with Huey from The Boondocks would be a lot of fun .
We could be angry , nerdy , and self - righteous about things for a while , and then heckle politicians and bad movies together .
But if we can broaden the constraints slightly , I 'd pick Wile E. Coyote ; I desperately want to give him a tutorial on basic engineering and physics vis-a - vis Roadrunner - catching .
Gordon Brown may be trailing in the polls at home , but in the US last night he was hailed as a hero for " stabilising " the world economy and showing " compassionate leadership " .
The prime minister , in New York for the UN general assembly , was honoured as world statesman of the year at a VIP - packed gala dinner .
The award was presented on behalf of the Appeal of Conscience Foundation , an interfaith organisation which campaigns for religious freedom and human rights , by the veteran US former secretary of state Henry Kissinger .
Rock star Bono , Queen Rania of Jordan , and the Israeli defence minister Ehud Barak were among the audience as Kissinger praised Brown for his " vision and dedication " in handling the world economic crisis .
" His leadership has been essential to our ability to overcome the moment of danger , " said Kissinger .
The award has been previously been given to French president Nicolas Sarkozy and to German chancellor Angela Merkel .
Brown heard he had been given the honour back in March during his visit to Washington DC to meet Barack Obama .
The foundation praised Brown's " compassionate leadership in dealing with the challenging issues facing humanity , his commitment to freedom , human dignity and the environment , and for the major role he has played in helping to stabilise the world 's financial system " .
Obama has praised Gordon integrity as the two men vowed to work together to tackle the " unprecedented " global recession .
Asked in March what advice he had for Brown about winning elections , Obama said that , whatever the problems faced , good policy would win out over time .
He told Brown to continue showing integrity and to be sure that " every day you are waking up and making the very best decisions that you can , despite the fact that sometimes the cards in your hand are not very good and the options are narrow " .
The foundation wields considerable power , thanks to its charismatic leader and founder Rabbi Arthur Schneier .
Last year he persuaded Pope Benedict to visit a synagogue in New York .
Having more first party developers than Microsoft and Nintendo combined ensures that Sony always has numerous games coming in the pipeline , some announced , but more interestingly , some unannounced .
A new job listing for Sony Computer Entertainment Europe ’s jobs in the UK , hints at what Sony is planning in future games , and giving us a clue at what lies ahead for PlayStation platforms .
The job listing asks for a “ Commuter Vision Researcher ” for “ SLA M ”
Continuing how :
“ They need a computer vision researcher to investigate techniques and collaborate with other engineers to create a real - time SLAM system for the PlayStation platform .
You will be working alongside Computer Vision experts as well as some of the most creative people in the computer games industry to develop cutting edge game experiences for the mass market .
The successful candidate will need to have a significant amount of experience developing SLAM systems already and is expected to have a PhD in this area ( or equivalent experience ) .
They will need to fully understand the mathematics behind such systems and have the software engineering skills to be able to implement them in a structured and modular way .
They will need to be creative and analytical and also have the communication skills to be able to work with games designers , game programmers and other engineers to gather requirements , propose solutions and adapt the algorithms to the specific needs of the games .
If you do n’t know what SLAM is , you are not qualified . ”
Simultaneous Localization and Mapping or SLAM is a technique used by robots and autonomous vehicles to build up a map within an unknown environment while at the same time keeping track of their current location .
But how could SLAM be used in games ?
PlayStation LifeStyle contacted Dr. Andrew Davison , Reader in Robot Vision , Department of Computing , Imperial College London , an expert in the field of Simultaneous Localisation and Mapping , who developed one of the very first real - time SLAM systems for robot navigation , and the first using vision as its primary sensor .
He commented :
“ Yes , SLAM could certainly be a useful technology for game interfaces .
Essentially , it can allow a moving camera to be used as a general 3D motion sensor , while at the same time building a 3D model of the surroundings .
This could permit augmented reality type of games where virtual objects and characters could interact with the real scenes that the players are in . ”
The ability to create virtual characters that could interact with reality creates a level of interactivity that would be on a scale far greater than EyePet or the PSP ’s Invizimals , with SLAM helping to make an augmented reality game that truly blends what actually exists with an entirely fictional world .
Sony ’s desire to create not only one augmented reality game , but the tools and platform to make “ the games ” , shows their new push to capture the gaming market that doesnt just use buttons .
Whether the SLAM system is for the PlayStation 3 or PlayStation Portable , or even both , is unknown , but for a complex SLAM interface a powerful computing processor is needed , hinting at the PS3 , while SLAM ’s ability to analyse different locations hints at the PSP .
[ Source ]
We get a massive amount of tips in our inbox each week .
Some are pretty interesting , but do n't get published for one reason or another .
Advertisement
It 's usually because they 're just so absurd or really lack even the most tenuous of news angles to give them the go - ahead .
Other times it 's because they 're just absolute horseshit .
But every Friday until we get sick of running them , we 'll present to you some of these not - so - shiny gems .
All items should be treated as [ Sic'd ] .
Enjoy ...
Searching For Erin Andrews But Ended Up With Brooke Hundley
Hey Guys ,
My buddy and I were at All Star Weekend , and I guess today he looked back at them and found a pic of Brooke Hundley in the background of and Erin Andrews photo he took .
( PS my friend and I told her we loved her and she said Aw , thanks ... great person ! )
Anyway , I was crazy picture happy that weekend so I took a look back at mine and among them are some gems .
Including her essentially waiting outside the Baseball Tonight ropes for a good 20 minutes waiting for him .
Anywho the ones here are her staring and waiting for him just as he's about to leave , and them walking out together .
As you can see from the outfits , it is the same exact night the NY Post photo was run .
Enjoy ,
Greg
This Man Has A Few Things To Get Off Hist Chest :
Subject : You 're An Asshole What you did today was childish and seriously damaged an innocent woman 's quality of life because ESPN did n't hand you a scoop on a silver player .
It reflects terribly on everyone with a sports blog .
Fuck you .
You 're a piece of shit .
- Brian Cook
And More Complaints From The Vocal Minority
•
Dude , you gotta reign it in .
I enjoy reading rumor / gossip as much as the next guy but what you 're doing is really fucked up .
Outing anonymous sources , ruining careers and families based on nothing more than uncorroborated rumors .
I 'm not saying the stuff you 're printing is n't true — it probably is — but this is not a crusade worth fighting .
I urge you to hesitate before posting another of these .
Just think about what you 're doing .
Have you no shame , Mr. Daulerio ?
•
I 'm sending a copy of this email to both AJ Daulerio and Nick Denton .
Maybe it will go unread by both for various reasons .
Maybe I am only saying something that has been heard before .
Blogs have been fighting for respectability among other media for years , and I feel you crossed the line yesterday , AJ .
I 've been a reader of Deadspin for years , and I used to consider Deadspin to be a trustworthy and reliable source of sports information .
I think it can be argued that Deadspin has been going downhill for a while , but if it had n't jumped the shark before , it did yesterday with the " ESPN Horndog Dossier . "
You openly admitted at the beginning of the dossier that you would be posting tips about ESPN scandals you had gathered for months , maybe years , yet had n't published .
You have no credible source on the stories for Kuselias , Lacey , or " importing " girls , yet you put them up anyway with reckless disregard for journalistic ethics .
It should n't even matter whether the stories are true or not , because you have no way to know that they 're true .
If I sent in an anonymous email , saying that I saw Mike Greenberg slap a girl on the ass and make out with a woman who was not his wife , would that get me published on Deadspin ?
Congratulations on turning a once reputable blog into TMZ .
I hope the spike in hits you got yesterday was worth the price of the site 's integrity .
I can see how much you care about posting credible news when you say , " And since the tenuous connection between rumor and fact for accuracy 's sake has been a little eroded here , well , it 's probably about time to just unload the inbox of all the sordid rumors we 've received over the years about various ESPN employees . "
Yeah , just unload any unverifiable rumor you have , smear someone 's reputation , throw lots of crap against the wall and see what sticks .
I would be curious to know if Mr. Denton condones this kind of editorial work on his family of blogs .
You might even have a legal issue on your hands if ESPN chooses to pursue defamation charges .
Even if they do n't , even if everything posted was true , posting malicious rumors as fact is reckless and sets the credibility of Deadspin , Gawker , and other blogs back years .
I do n't need a response to this email .
I just wanted to let Deadspin and Gawker Media know what I think about the direction their product is going .
Advertisement
•
AJ , I like your site a lot .
I read it everyday , multiple times a day .
The recent posts about Steve Phillips , ESPN employees , etc. has been fascinating to say the least , but I just do n't get it .
What is your agenda ?
Are you guys doing this to " expose " the heinous acts of certain employees at ESPN or are you trying to post any sort of " National Enquirer " type material just to get more page views ?
About 18 months ago , Will Leitch sat through Buzz Bissinger 's assault on blogs .
Bissinger said " with the Internet , there 's too much information out there , and we 've become a very mindless country .
I do n't know how else to say it :
We really revel in ignorance and disinformation . "
Was Bissinger right ?
Jason
Secaucus , NJ
•
AJ - Not sure what you are trying to do here .
Why out Kuselias and the executive , who noone has ever heard of ?
There are thousands of rumors coming out of there about more famous individuals at ESPN , I 'm sure you 've heard them all .
So why go after these two ?
It seems kind of meanspirited , as these people have families and their statuses as public figures , especially the executive 's , are tenuous at best .
Regards , Scott
•
I work VERY hard at resisting the urge to post comments to blogs or news stories , and equally hard to avoid writing indignant emails , but your inexplicably unprofessional tirade filled with unsubstantiated rumors aimed at destroying individual reputations and lives begs for a reaction .
Rarely has a more despicable , childish , cowardly rant seen the light of day , and it 's beyond belief that a blog long holding itself out as the protector of the sports ' fans ' best interests could commit an act even the most vulgar tailgater would avoid in his worst drunken state .
You owe ESPN an apology , and you owe every person mentioned by name an apology .
It would n't matter if everything you wrote turned out to be true ; by your own admission you did n't know for sure when you wrote it — — so you STILL owe the apologies !
It 's likely SOME OF THEIR CHILDREN are reading those accusations you vomited forth in your blog !
IF the stories turn out to be true , their lives are topsy - turvy enough ; now , thanks to you , their agony is exponentially ballooned by the taunts of classmates and teammates ; their added agony debits your decency account for a long , long time going forward .
Your mea culpa needs to be front page and intense ; otherwise the only people reading you going forward will be the guys calling in to the shock jock sports shows you so disdain .
For now , you 've made those guys look like Mister Rogers .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Please Forward To Mr. Magbary
I used to love your blog , but with the influx of non-sports related bathroom humor , I have taken it off my RSS and bookmarks .
I am doubtful most of your readers would want to read about such matters , especially when it has little to do with sports .
It is not entertaining whatsoever .
I love edgy humor as much as the next guy , but stories about bodily functions and fluids have no place on a sports blog .
Advertisement
Thanks For Your Support ?
ESPN reporters has become a whiney liberal bunch of corp losers , the league has TOO many thugs from welfare projects RUINING the Sport .
The league has gotten pathetically politically correct and have ruined the sport for fans .
wondered too if you planned to nail ESPN for the lack of reporting on the LARGE number of gay and bi reporters ( former FtBall Plyrs ) and the Long held and Widely spread rumors about the CURRENT gay players in FtBall .
Ex , , Rumors for YEARS about barry sanders being gay , Steve Young being Bi , Troy Akman being gay and Tom Brady Being so Gay they edited his commercial few yrs ago taking his voice out of his own commercial , I liked reading your blog
jon
No , Thank You
Hi A.J.
Are you available to do an interview for Entertainment Tonight re : ESPN scandal this morning ?
We 'd be happy to plug / mention anything you need .
I can send a crew to you or have you do the intv in our office - whatever works best for you .
Thanks ,
Amy
And One More ... Just For Good Measure
Not a daily visitor to your site , but loved what you guys did with ESPN today .
I worked for the New Jersey Nets and Devils out of college and the same shit went on there .
What really resonated with me is how similar ESPN is all professional teams or sports - based businesses .
One particular Marketing VP , Jason Siegel of Binghampton Athletics sexual harassment fame was the VP of Marketing when I worked for the Devils .
And he was doing the same stuff there that he was accused for back in March .
When that story broke , me and the guys I used to work with there all agreed it was the least surprising news of the year .
Anyway , many of the people I worked with moved on to work with other professional teams or in one case , the World Wide Leader .
This particular kid was your typical sports nerd .
Nice enough guy , attractive enough to be seduced by an older married women ( we 'll get to that in a second ) and would do anything his boss told him to do as long as he could tell people he worked for " XYZ Team " or ESPN .
Well he was on the production crew responsible for covering the college world series in Omaha .
I would probably say this occurred in the summer of ' 04 or ' 05 .
They 're winding down the week and the whole crew decides to go out for drinks .
A few hours later when everyone is well on their way , this guy catches the eye of a one Linda Cohn and they eventually sneak back to her hotel room ...
On the ride there , Cohn could n't keep her hands off of him and would n't stop saying how much she 's been eying his all week and how she loves giving blowjobs .
When they get back to the hotel room , she gets on her knees and says to him " I LOVE doing this ! " before taking him all in .
I 've never been able to look at her the same since .
Anyway , I 'm sure you guys are getting tons of shit like this today .
I 'm obviously not going to give you names , nor do I have a way to verify this , nor do I really care .
But go ahead and add this to the ESPN failure pile .
Glad I could help .
( Ed. Note : NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !)
( Ed. Note # 2 : The above story is a joke , if it was n't clear already . )
Los Angeles writer Amy Wallace knew there would be blow back when she wrote a story for Wired magazine debunking the idea that autism is caused by childhood vaccinations .
But she did n’t imagine anything like this .
Two weeks after the story hit the Internet , the e-mail keeps flowing .
A majority voice support for “ An Epidemic of Fear : How Panicked Parents Skipping Shots Endangers Us All . ”
But at least one in five disagrees .
Many seethe with indignation .
A few sling vile names and veiled threats .
The rebuttals bristle with epidemiological jargon , screeds about risk and anguished testimonials of struggling with autistic children .
But there is also another thread .
“ They will say , ‘ Who do you think you are to tell me ? ’ or ‘ Who does the government think it is to tell us what is best for public health ? ’ ” Wallace told me this week .
“ They say , ‘ You ca n’t know my child like I know my child . ’ ”
Advertisement
Wallace has run smack into an abiding , perhaps growing , phenomenon of the Internet Age : Citizens armed with information are sure they know better .
Readers who brush up against expertise believe they have become experts .
The common man rebels against the notion that anyone -- not professionals , not the government and certainly not the media -- speaks with special authority .
Where it stops , nobody knows .
But already we see a wave of amateurs convinced they can write a pithier movie review , arrange a catchier song , even assess our planet ’s shifting weather conditions , better than the professionals trained to do the job .
Unhappy with the scientific consensus that man ’s activities have exacerbated global warming ?
Then just find and promote the academic naysayers .
Or merely post your personal musings : “ Climate change , bah , there ’s a foot of snow on my lawn . ”
“ What ’s happening is a general crisis or challenge to authority and you see it in mainstream media , in politics , in law , in medicine , ” says Andrew Keen , a cultural critic and author of “ The Cult of the Amateur . ”
“ More and more people challenge the traditional meritocracy both in philosophical terms -- is the meritocracy just ? -- and also by doubting what its real benefits are . ”
Advertisement
The rise of computer literacy , high - speed Internet connections , blogging and social networks has emboldened the common man to tell his own story and , sometimes , to disdain trappings like a university degree , professional training or corporate affiliation .
The citizen activists often frame themselves as truth tellers fighting against an establishment that is hopelessly venal .
No matter that the corruption , routinely claimed , is seldom supported by more than innuendo .
Wallace faced accusations that she was naive , ignorant , un-American or a shill for the pharmaceutical companies .
Her often anonymous accusers aimed their venom at a reporter who spent more than three months interviewing dozens of people for a 7,000 - word piece that -- like many stories in an impressive career that included a stint at the Los Angeles Times -- betrayed no bent other than a healthy curiosity .
Wallace ’s piece did something brave but not atypical for traditional journalism :
It delved into a complex and emotionally charged subject with nuance .
It presented the best state of current knowledge while acknowledging that true science does not traffic in absolute truths .
Advertisement
The fact that 12 epidemiological studies have found no link between the measles / mumps / rubella vaccine and autism might seem probative to some .
But failing an ironclad conclusion , Wallace writes , many parents are more persuaded by anecdotal evidence , numerous tales of children first exhibiting signs of impairment at about the same age -- 18 to 24 months -- that they received vaccines .
Correlation is not causation , any scientist will tell you .
But that hardly relieves the anxiety of parents trying to cope with children who are n’t exactly what they were expected to be .
None of this suggests the public should abandon a healthy skepticism toward even well - credentialed authorities .
Pharmaceutical companies , with colossal missteps like the dangerous medication Vioxx , have earned suspicions about their motivations .
But there ’s something incongruous , as Wallace ’s piece makes clear , about an Internet - driven audience easily convinced of the drug companies ’ unending duplicity but seemingly unconcerned about the motives of the salesman hawking autism “ cures ” such as vitamins , enemas and infrared saunas .
Advertisement
The writer profiles Philadelphia pediatrician and vaccine inventor Paul Offit as a champion of science , but the piece makes clear how hard it is for such a traditional researcher to compete for attention with a movement that now has its celebrity spokespeople , the actor Jim Carrey and his partner Jenny McCarthy , whose son is autistic .
The rejection of professional authority has reached an extreme when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , stung by the controversy , has dropped from its immunization panel an array of infectious disease experts .
Vaccinations foregone put not only those individual children at risk but clear the path for infectious disease to spread more easily .
That ’s not a great outcome , whether we ’re collectively battling the measles or this season ’s H1N1 flu .
“ You ca n’t minimize your individual risk , ” Wallace writes , “ unless your herd , your friends and neighbors , also buy in . ”
Advertisement
Keen makes abundant sense when he argues that people who have worked hard to gain expertise ca n’t so easily , and passively , cave in to “ the wisdom of the crowd . ”
He believes experts -- in the media , science , law -- need to drop their “ false , almost suicidal , humility . ”
Wo n’t there soon be a time when more of the public embraces not only the vast advances in information but the experts who help bring it all into more clarity ?
“ It ’s great that people can find out more than they ever could before , ” Wallace said .
“ But it seems it will make trusting in experts even more important .
More than ever now , we need help sifting through the torrent . ”
--
Advertisement
On the Media also appears on Fridays on Page A2 .
james.rainey@latimes.com
Twitter : @latimesrainey
RedLynx :
We put Trials PC game on torrent sites Developer hopes to take advantage of piracy ; 150,000 units of legitimate copy have been sold to date
Matt Martin Friday 6th November 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article RedLynx Ltd
Trials developer RedLynx has admitted that in order to market its PC title it leaked it to torrent sites for pirates on the same day it was released to paying consumers .
The pirated version of the game does not include support for leaderboards , said company CEO Tero Virtala , a crucial feature that is the " soul " of the game .
Without it , he hoped users of the hacked version would want to upgrade to the legitimate copy once they began enjoying the game .
" Piracy is here , so how can we take advantage of that ?
What we did actually , on day one , we put that game immediately on all the torrent networks ourselves , " revealed Virtala , during a panel discussion at Develop Liverpool yesterday .
" That game relies really heavily on the server side  the leaderboards are the soul of the game .
I do n't know if it 's helped , I 'd assume so because even though the version that we put on the torrent networks was n't the full version , it 's the version of the game without the actual soul , without the leaderboards to play against other players . "
Virtala said that the game has sold close to 150,000 copies since it was launched 18 months ago .
" When we compare that hacked version with those who have access to leaderboards and are accessing our servers they match .
So at least people have not cracked out leaderboards yet , " he added .
During the same discussion , Torsten Reil of NaturalMotion expressed his frustrations at the amount of piracy for the company 's iPhone title Backbreaker  despite the game being sold at the lowest possible price point on Apple 's App Store .
" We know anecdotally that even at 59 p a lot of people have pirated the game , " he said .
" At 59 p it 's pretty fair to assume that a lot of those pirates would have been able and would have bought the game , but there 's an overall attitude that it 's fine to pirate . "
While technology can be employed to hinder piracy of games on all formats , Reil said that it 's just as important to try and change the attitude that content should be free for consumers .
" There is in general a feeling that IP and content should be free .
That 's fine to say , but if you have to pay all the people that actually put their heart and soul into a game  who have to pay a mortgage off and have children  it becomes much more difficult .
Yes , you can limit [ piracy ] with technical tricks , but there needs to be an overall change in the perception of IP and the people who create it . "
This tattoo has a “ stylized alien skull , a padlock beneath the scull , and an 8 - ball along with flaming dice on either side of the padlock ” .
According to the owner of them , “ they were n't that painful ” .
It does n't look that way .
What 's wrong with this picture ?
Rooftop wind turbine madness in the UK .
( Picture from Paul Gipe 's site . )
NEW STUDY IN 2009 , FROM
THE ENERGY SAVINGS TRUST
an appropriate location .
• There is a potential for delivering carbon savings and energy
generation from domestic small - scale wind turbines in the UK .
• The highest potential for successful household small - scale
wind installations is in Scotland .
• Wind speeds are difficult to predict and highly variable .
The Energy Saving Trust recommends that potential
customers first utilise the best available wind speed
estimation tools and then , where appropriate , install
anemometry to determine the wind speed distribution .
Data gathered through the field trial indicates that none of
the sites with building mounted turbines had average annual
recorded wind speeds of 4m / s or greater , and only a third of
free standing pole mounted turbines had average annual
recorded wind speeds of 5m /s or greater .
It is therefore
likely that many sites in the UK have less of a wind resource
than previously predicted ....
No urban or suburban building mounted
sites generated more than 200kWh or £ 26 per annum ,
corresponding to load factors of 3 per cent or less .
In some
cases , installations were found to be net consumers of
electricity due to the inverter taking its power ( up to 10 W )
from the mains supply when a turbine was not generating .
A review by Paul Gipe
• Wind turbines do work but only when installed properly inan appropriate location .
•There is a potential for delivering carbon savings and energygeneration from domestic small - scale wind turbines in the UK .
•The highest potential for successful household small - scalewind installations is in Scotland .
•Wind speeds are difficult to predict and highly variable .
The Energy Saving Trust recommends that potentialcustomers first utilise the best available wind speedestimation tools and then , where appropriate , installanemometry to determine the wind speed distribution .
Delta / Zeeland windtest
in Holland October 08
( David Sharman 's take on the data )
Dutch small wind turbine trial suffers low wind speeds
HAWTs generally score much better than VAWTs in this test but there are exceptions , notably the Swift ( shown right ) which seems to me to be a bit of a disaster - a shame considering what nice people they are , and near to my home town of Edinburgh .
A new Carbon Trust study into the potential of small - scale wind energy has found that small wind turbines could provide up to 1.5
Te rawatt Hours ( TWh ) per year of electricity ( 0.4 % of total UK electricity consumption ) and 0.6 million tonnes of carbon dioxide ( MtCO2 ) emission savings .
This is based on 10 % of households installing turbines at costs competitive with grid electricity , which is currently around 12 p per kWh .
The study also indicates that for the UK as a whole , the majority of electricity and carbon savings are available from small turbines in rural areas - four times as much as urban areas irrespective of costs , and considerably more given economic drivers .
This is mainly due to wind speeds generally being higher in rural areas .
Turbines in some rural locations could provide cheaper electricity than the grid , but it appears that in many urban situations , roof - mounted turbines may not pay back their embedded carbon emissions .
The report published today marks the culmination of 18 months research by the Met Office and Entec , and is partly intended for government policy makers .
It makes important recommendations to improve existing policy measures , including that : • A criterion should be used in any new grant schemes to measure likely carbon savings .
This is to help ensure grants are awarded to installations which save reasonable amounts of carbon ; and
• Higher height limits for stand - alone turbines should be allowed under permitted development rights .
This is to help maximise the overall carbon savings of small - scale wind energy , given the sensitivity of electricity generation to height .
Rooftop nonsense is alive and well in France .
See this article from Paul Gipe
It 's hard to know whether to laugh or cry that these guys get public acclaim for wildly oversold nonsense .
www.wind-works.org
elena energie
Rooftop windspeed measurements
in the city ( updated with response from RD Swift turbines , and my email to BWEA )
Mostly now when I see these ' Swift ' turbines they are under repair for some reason .
It looks awful .
The new certification body BRE have come out with new guidelines for estimating windspeed on urban sites that you can download .
These rules of thumb ( see appendix suggest that the windspeed at rooftop level is approximately 50 % of what you would expect from using the DTI ( NOABL ) data set that everyone relies on .
That means 1/8 of the energy production .
The Carbon Trust have also brought out a new
Windspeed Estimator on line that is much better than NOABL for built - up areas .
The Warwick Urban Wind Trial project has engaged in depth with the new market for urban , building mounted wind turbines at a critical time in market development .
By taking the customer perspective and combining technical monitoring with social research into the impact of installations on public perceptions of energy efficiency and wind , the project is providing the most thorough and complete assessment to date of the efficacy of urban wind systems in supporting UK energy and enviro nmental policies .
Further evidence from the Warwick Wind Trials shows that most of the new generation of rooftop turbines also fail to meet their claimed output , often only achieving 30 % or less .
In many cases the inverter 's standby power consumption exceeds any power generated on urban sites .
The final report is now available and it makes essential reading for those who want to know about small scale urban wind realities ( as opposed to marketing spin ) .
Real world wind turbine data site
" Renew - Reuse - Recycle is an online community all about what we can do to stop or mitigate the effects of climate change .
" Some of our members have recently started logging their KWh output on a monthly basis in a shared Google Spreadsheet . "
Siting of small VAWT turbines in the UK
Factors affecting the success of a wind turbine are : reliability , windspeed , swept area , cost and efficiency .
I found a Quiet Revoluiton QR5 turbine at the botanic gardens in Edinburgh and I am checking out these criteria .
There is a good rule of thumb that says a wind turbine should be 30 feet above any obstruction within 300 feet .
Windspeed is highly critical for energy production since the energy depends on the cube of the windspeed .
There is hardly any wind for turbines sited below the ' canopy layer ' of the tree tops .
For more details check the Carbon Trust wind siting tool .
The company state that " Please note that the minimum recommended average wind speed for a QR5 is 5 m /s . "
But they were willing to sell one to go on this site , maybe just for " demonstration purposes " ?
Reliability is very important since the kilowatt hours of energy generated will depend on the hours the turbine is available .
The QR5 is out of action so far as I am aware due to problems with the blade attachments .
Vertical axis turbines do have intrinsic fatigue problems which along with the problems of starting and stopping , and the problems of putting them on proper towers have made them a poor choice for wind energy .
The turbine is a nice size ( 5 m high x 3.1 m in diameter ) but in relation to its cost it will not produce much energy even on a good 5 m/s site .
The turbine alone costs £ 25,000 .
It does not matter how efficient it is it can never produce more than about 12,000 kWh per year at a 5 m / s site , and the manufacturers claim 7,500 kWh per year .
A HAWT of similar size and a fraction of the cost would do the same .
Homer By nJoo Watch
6 K Favourites 1K Comments 208K Views
He long his wife he once had , his daughter 's suicide will never be forgotten like the tattoo he has for her to remind of his failed role as a father .
Homer , no longer the happy fool whom he use to be , now wanders alone in seeking the only light left in his life , his wanders in search for his missing son and 2nd daughter ...
* ppl actaully sent note regarding the story and maggie , etc so I thought I 'd elaborate a bit more , and keep in mind it 's just random bs that came up while drawing him "
Anyways ...
In my head I just suddenly pictured this really lonely matured Homer , who lost everything he had in his life because he never learned from his mistakes , and I guess in my imaginery world , after marge died from a drink and drive car accident after a party even which Homer drank too much )
Homer changed from the fool that he is and became really depressed , failing even more to take care of his family , Liza , always smarter one , had to take on the responsibility of taking care of the family , and Homer 's continue irresponsbility has pushed the weight that Liza had to carry beyond the limit , and led to her suicide .
Bart and Maggie blame Homer for her and their mom's death and left Homer for good .
;D
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 707x1000px 124.67 KB
Show More
Published : Nov 3 , 2009
We can confirm that the LittleBigPlanet demo is now available to download on the Japanese PSN store .
The demo comes in at 917MB , and features a small selection of levels from the game and community database , along with a few level creation tools to test out .
It will be released on other regional stores on the PlayStation Network later today .
UPDATE ;
The demo is now also up on most regional PSN stores .
In making this project come true , with the lowest possible funding i require only those who would help that would not ask for anything in return , unless the project becomes a success .
Need to design a new console while i am at it .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has released a heavily censored version of its controversial Domestic Investigations and Operations Guidelines ( DIOG ) , which became effective on December 1 , 2008 .
EFF requested public disclosure of the guidelines under the Freedom of Information Act in December and , after more than six months passed with no response , we filed suit against the Department of Justice in June 2009 .
In response to the lawsuit , the Bureau agreed to answer EFF 's disclosure request no later than October 13 , and the court ordered it to do so .
The FBI ’s partial release of the DIOG complies with the court 's order to respond to our request .
The 258 - page document implements the Attorney General ’s Guidelines for Domestic FBI Operations , the most recent version of which was issued late last year by former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey .
For 33 years , the FBI 's domestic surveillance activities have been conducted according to a set of guidelines promulgated and revised by successive Attorneys General .
Initially crafted by Edward Levi in 1976 , the first set of guidelines were put into place to curb the invasive techniques of the FBI 's Counterintelligence Programs ( “ COINTELPRO ” ) of the 1960s and 1970s .
The Mukasey guidelines , among other things , gave the FBI the authority to open investigative “ assessments ” of any American without any factual predicate or suspicion .
Such “ assessments ” allow the use of intrusive techniques to surreptitiously collect information on people suspected of no wrongdoing and no connection with any foreign entity .
These inquiries may include the collection of information from online sources and commercial databases , and the use of grand jury subpoenas to obtain telephone and email subscriber information .
In light of the invasive techniques that can be used as part of an “ assessment , ” it is disturbing that large portions of Section 5 of the DIOG , which governs the conduct of “ assessments , ” has been blacked out by the FBI in the publicly accessible version of the guidelines .
The withholding of this information is particularly troubling when the Bureau concedes in a released portion of the DIOG that “ assessments ” are undertaken with " no particular factual predication , " a standard which the agency itself admits is " difficult to define . "
It is also notable that the FBI has withheld virtually all of the section of the DIOG ( Section 16 ) that governs “ undisclosed participation ” by FBI agents and informants in political and civic organizations .
The extensive withholding of critical parts of the DIOG conflicts with public assurances made by FBI and Justice Department officials .
In a letter to Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman John D. Rockefeller IV , dated December 15 , 2008 , Valerie Caproni , the General Counsel of the FBI , noted that “ we understand that the expansion of techniques available . . . has raised privacy and civil liberties concerns [ but ] we believe that our policies and procedures will mitigate those concerns . ”
Ms. Caproni stated that the FBI will “ reassess the policy judgments made in the DIOG in one year . ”
She stated that the reassessment will be “ informed by our experience in the coming year , as well as by comments and suggestions received from Congress and interested parties . ”
More recently , in an interview about the DIOG posted on the FBI website , Ms. Caproni said , “ to the extent that the public has comments and concerns , they should let us know because nothing is written in stone and we hope we ’ve gotten it right but if we have n’t gotten it right , our goal is to make it right . ”
Similarly , Assistant Attorney General for National Security David S. Kris promised in his confirmation hearing that “ input from Congress and the public ” would play an important role in the reassessment of the DIOG that is scheduled to occur at the end of this year .
EFF agrees that the DIOG – the blueprint for the FBI ’s use of invasive techniques – should be the subject of a full and informed public debate .
To that end , we plan to continue to pursue our pending FOIA litigation to challenge the FBI ’s decision to withhold substantial portions of the document .
GAINESVILLE , Fla . --
Top - ranked Florida will be without star linebacker Brandon Spikes for the first half of Saturday 's game against Vanderbilt .
Coach Urban Meyer suspended Spikes on Monday , two days after the defensive captain apparently attempted to gouge the eyes of Georgia running back Washaun Ealey in a 41 - 17 victory .
" I do n't condone that , " Meyer said .
" I understand what goes on on the football [ field ] , but there 's no place for that .
We 're going to suspend Brandon for the first half of the Vanderbilt game .
I spoke with him .
That 's not who he is .
That 's not who we are .
He got caught up in emotion . "
Spikes issued a statement apologizing for what he did .
" I accept responsibility for my actions and I accept the consequences of my actions , " he said .
" I would like to apologize to my team and the coaching staff and Washaun Ealey .
Football is a very physical and emotional game , but there is no excuse for my actions . "
Meyer 's wife mentioned Spikes ' actions to him Sunday night , then defensive coordinator Charlie Strong did the same Monday morning .
Meyer 's said his first reaction was to move on .
Then he saw a replay of the incident , which shows Spikes shoving his glove - covered right hand into Ealey 's facemask and moving it back and forth .
Meyer then spoke to Spikes and determined he was retaliating after getting his helmet ripped off and eye poked earlier in the game .
Meyer also talked to Southeastern Conference commissioner Mike Slive , but Florida officials said it was Meyer 's decision to suspend Spikes .
" We understand the game of football , " Meyer said .
" Some of us have played it .
Very emotional things happened in that game in particular that were not good for either side , but the bottom line is we 're Florida and he 's Brandon Spikes and we expect certain things .
He understands . "
The SEC issued a statement saying it reviewed and accepted the discipline handed down by Florida .
The Florida - Georgia game was filled with chippy behavior , with pushing , shoving , five personal - foul penalties -- three against Georgia and two against Florida -- and plenty of smack - talking .
Per Bob McKenzie on Twitter , " Nylander heading to Russia . "
Update ( 12:24 PM ) : " Nylander makes the final call on whether he 's going to Russia but it looks like he 's prepared to do it .
Not formalized just yet , though . "
- @TSNBobMcKenzie
( 12:48 PM ) : " And since this Russian thing looked like it was going to get done a time or two before and did n't , we better wait for official confirmation . "
- @TSNBobMcKenzie
( 1:17 PM ) : " [ A ] team official said it looks like there WON'T be an update on Michael Nylander 's status today . "
- @cmasisak22
( 1:49 PM ) : " Caps forward Mikael [ sic ]
Nylander looks as though he 's headed to Russia .
The 37 - year - old cleared waivers yesterday and , with his permission , he can now be assigned to a KHL team .
That paperwork is still being finalized so the move is not yet official . "
- TSN
( 1:50 PM ) : " An overseas move now seems imminent for former Washington Capital Center Michael Nylander .
The 37 - year old is reportedly weighing an offer from Dynamo Minsk of Russia 's Kontinental Hockey League . "
- CSN Washington
More details to follow .
That said , Ms. Lasky admitted to being “ completely seduced by the craft movement .
I find myself spending more and more time on Etsy , which has turned into this amazing marketplace .
It ’s a very impressive development in terms of design . ”
While Etsy is still the spot to find crocheted apple cozies ( $ 7.25 from Kris0376 ) and raw bacon magnets ( $ 4.99 from Design Dude ) , it is more and more the place to buy compelling design pieces as well , like a carpenter ’s clamp bookshelf made entirely of bone china ( $ 500 from Ricochet Studio ; above ) .
In fact , Etsy is on track to record $ 180 million worth of sales this year , according to its founder , Rob Kalin .
That ’s nearly double its sales a year ago , and almost seven times that of 2007 , a stunning amount of growth in this climate .
“ People are taking ‘ buy local , ’ one step further , ” Mr. Kalin said of his four - and - a - half - year - old craft mall .
“ Knowing where your food comes from , or your clothes , is extending to wanting to know where your dining room table comes from .
It really matters .
And I think what makes gifts in particular special is knowing there ’s a person who made it and a story behind it .
I think people want to buy things that tell stories , especially in an age when so few store - bought items tell stories . ”
On a recent rain - flecked afternoon , Mr. Alhadeff of the Future Perfect was simultaneously greeting well - wishers and merchandising , setting out familiar objects ( needlepoint graffiti pillows , silver hand - grenade candles ) along with more recent work ( a bison fur chair by Jason Miller with cute - spooky button “ eyes , ” a calendar in the shape of a huge handmade plywood cross ) in his new store on Great Jones Street in Manhattan .
Though the Future Perfect ’s expansion is a sign that the Brooklyn design movement continues to grow , it also speaks to another byproduct of the recession : more - affordable rent .
“ Two years ago , we were having our best year , in terms of sales , ” Mr. Alhadeff said .
“ But we still could n’t afford Manhattan real estate .
Now we can .
It ’s been an amazing opportunity . ”
In the window was an assemblage of old drawers , boxes and tool carry - alls strapped together on a wheeled cart , a piece of furniture made by Joel Voisard , a Queens - based artist .
Titled “ Box Cart , ” it came with a $ 6,500 price tag and fell smack into the storytelling category , owing as much to a 1991 Tejo Remy piece for Droog called You Ca n’t Lay Down Your Memory as to the Joads ’ overstuffed car in the film version of “ The Grapes of Wrath . ”
Around the corner at Moss , the SoHo high - design emporium , there were candles , kitschy and lifelike , in the shape of tortoises , cactuses and elaborate layer cakes , made by Point a La Ligne , a French company known as the Rolls - Royce of candlemakers ( starting at $ 35 ) .
Racenilatr Profile Blog Joined August 2008 United States 2756 Posts Last Edited : 2009-11-15 13:03:23 # 1
* new *
Jaedong vs Stork ( fpview of Jaedong )
Set 1
Honestly just the most amazing stuff I have seen and it boggles my mind to where this guy got these fpvods .
From Numba316's channel * new * Jaedong vs Stork ( fpview of Jaedong )
Set 1
Jaedong vs Stork ( fpview of Jaedong ) Set 2
Jaedong vs Stork ( fpview of Jaedong ) Set 2
Jaedong vs Stork ( fpview of Jaedong ) Set 3
Jaedong vs Stork ( fpview of Jaedong ) Set 3
Stork vs Jaedong ( fpview of Stork ) Set 1
Stork vs Jaedong ( fpview of Stork ) Set 1
10/15/2009
Bisu vs PJ
10/15/2009Bisu vs PJ
Jaedong vs Bisu( fpview of Jaedong here )
Jaedong vs Bisu( fpview of Jaedong here )
Bisu vs Jaedong ( fpview of Bisu here )
Bisu vs Jaedong ( fpview of Bisu here )
PredY Profile Joined September 2009 Czech Republic 1731 Posts # 2 oh veryyy nice http://www.twitch.tv/czelpredy
Superiorwolf Profile Blog Joined March 2007 United States 5504 Posts # 3 thanks
Check out my stream at www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=315053 and follow me on Twitter @EGSuppy ! :)
grobo Profile Blog Joined February 2007 Japan 6115 Posts # 4
These are already posted in the Small VODs thread , i do n't see why they need a thread of their own .
We make signature , then defense it .
NonFactor Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Sweden 681 Posts # 5
Oh mah god .
Thank you !
Racenilatr Profile Blog Joined August 2008 United States 2756 Posts # 6 oh sorry I did n't see it there , probably along with a lot of other people
number1gog Profile Blog Joined June 2007 United States 1081 Posts # 7 On November 15 2009 08:01 grobo wrote :
These are already posted in the Small VODs thread , i do n't see why they need a thread of their own .
Because they 're so spectacular they need their own thread and to be front - paged ?
I for one am pretty excited about these .
Because they 're so spectacular they need their own thread and to be front - paged ?
I for one am pretty excited about these .
5sz6sz7sz1a2a3a4a kwanrollllllled
AttackZerg Profile Blog Joined January 2003 United States 7162 Posts # 8 awesome fucking find thanks for making a thread !
Zinbiel Profile Joined October 2008 Sweden 837 Posts # 9 WORTH THREAD !
Geez , jaedong is fast ...
Backho fan since 080416 .
Favourite terran : Mind .
Favourite Zerg : Jaedong .
Mohdoo Profile Joined August 2007 United States 12462 Posts # 10 Awesome , did n't notice this in any other thread , so I am glad they got posted here ^ ^
hyst.eric.al Profile Blog Joined June 2009 United States 2332 Posts # 11 deserving of its own thread Leta , BeSt , Calm fan forever !
김정우 , I am sorry I ever lost faith in you .
Forgottenfrog Profile Blog Joined September 2004 United States 1137 Posts # 12 I am glad someone made a separate thread for it or I would 've missed it .
Holgerius Profile Blog Joined January 2009 Sweden 16947 Posts # 13 On November 15 2009 08:01 grobo wrote :
These are already posted in the Small VODs thread , i do n't see why they need a thread of their own .
There are plenty of people who never visit the Small Vod thread .
I see nothing wrong with this thread ; I would 've missed these Vods without it .
There are plenty of people who never visit the Small Vod thread .
I see nothing wrong with this thread ; I would 've missed these Vods without it .
I believe in the almighty Grötslev ! --
I am never serious and you should never believe a thing I say .
Including the previous sentence .
fbog2 Profile Joined November 2009 United States 15 Posts # 14 like vs pj expo at 9 oclock he sends probe right when he hears it
on desti he builds a robo when he hears that jaedong is makin lurkers
and on collo he builds cannons before he even sees a hydra on the high ground BISU IS LISTENING TO THEM LOLLOL +
Show Spoiler +
- dash Profile Joined August 2008 Netherlands 103 Posts # 15 Jaedong ?
No gg's from
Forgottenfrog Profile Blog Joined September 2004 United States 1137 Posts # 16 On November 15 2009 08:51 - dash wrote :
No gg's from Jaedong ?
No gg's from
I do n't think its a big deal if he did n't .
I do n't think its a big deal if he did n't .
Atrioc Profile Blog Joined December 2007 United States 1773 Posts # 17 Jaedong so intense he sees the GG , is 100 % guaranteed victory anyway because hes rolling over Bisu 's base , and still runs through another round of macro Writer man what
duckett Profile Blog Joined June 2009 United States 589 Posts # 18 On November 15 2009 08:34
Holgerius wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 15 2009 08:01 grobo wrote :
These are already posted in the Small VODs thread , i do n't see why they need a thread of their own .
There are plenty of people who never visit the Small Vod thread .
I see nothing wrong with this thread ; I would 've missed these Vods without it .
There are plenty of people who never visit the Small Vod thread .
I see nothing wrong with this thread ; I would 've missed these Vods without it .
yeah , i'm the same way , really need to use the small vod thread more >.> yeah , i'm the same way , really need to use the small vod thread more >.> funky squaredance funky squaredance funky squaredance
Jonoman92 Profile Blog Joined September 2006 United States 8582 Posts # 19 On November 15 2009 08:34
Holgerius wrote :
Show nested quote +
On November 15 2009 08:01 grobo wrote :
These are already posted in the Small VODs thread , i do n't see why they need a thread of their own .
There are plenty of people who never visit the Small Vod thread .
I see nothing wrong with this thread ; I would 've missed these Vods without it .
There are plenty of people who never visit the Small Vod thread .
I see nothing wrong with this thread ; I would 've missed these Vods without it .
ditto , thanks a lot ditto , thanks a lot
Hyde Profile Blog Joined November 2007 Australia 14566 Posts # 20 Omg thank you so much , seriously fpvods of bisu and jd , I got a glimpse of Bisu 's fpvod on one of the streams , I was in awe .
Because when you left , Brood War was all spotlights and titans .
Now , with the death of the big leagues , Brood War has moved to the basements and carparks .
Now , Brood
War is unlicensed brawls , lost teeth , and bloody fights for fistfulls of money - SirJolt
1 2 3 4 5 Next All
BMW have unveiled updated versions of its best - selling tourer , the R 1200 RT , as well as the iconic Adventure Sports motorcycle , the R 1200 GS and its R 1200 GS Adventure , featuring a new version of the company 's 4 - valve , DOHC boxer engine .
BMW say the motor , only seen until now on the HP2 Sport , has been optimised to meet the specific requirements of each of these motorcycles , to best suit either the travel enduro riding style of the R 1200 GS range , or the all - day , luxury touring use of the R 1200 RT .
The new engine fitted to the RT is a 1,170 cc , 4 valve , DOHC .
BMW claim a maximum power ouput is 81 kW ( 110 hp ) at 7,750rpm ( up 5 % for GS and Adventure ) and an increase in torque from 115 Nm to 120 Nm ( 88 lb - ft ) at 6,000r pm .
Maximum engine speed is increased by 500rpm to 8,500rpm .
BMW claim the new engine offers significantly improved torque , traction and acceleration , as well as a more spontaneous and direct throttle response .
The new engines are also compliant to EURO 4 emission regulations .
In addition to the brand new engine , the R 1200 RT has received integral ABS fitted as standard , a new Electronic Suspension Adjustment ( ESA II ) , optional new audio system with Multi-Controller interface for USB / MP3 and iPod , new design fairing to offer improved wind and weather protection , a re-designed cockpit and an electronically controlled windshield .
R 1200 GS and Adventure new features :
· Newly designed cylinder head covers
· Improved windshield adjustment
· New colours
· New and revised special accessories , including additional LED headlamps , Akrapovic sports silencer and carbon heat shield
The prices for the new R 1200 RT , R 1200 GS and R 1200 GS Adventure will be announced on Press Day , 26 November , at the International Motorcycle Show , NEC , Birmingham .
The car - washing elephants at an Oregon wildlife park do n't really get your car very clean -- but that 's not the reason PETA wants the park to stop using them .
Wildlife Safari's website jokes that the spring and summer attraction , at which the park 's African elephants " wash " the cars of visitors under the supervision of trainers , is " guaranteed not to get your car clean ! "
The animal rights group wrote a letter Oct. 22 that called the elephant carwash " a gimmick that does nothing to foster respect for endangered species , " according to the Associated Press .
The group is particularly concerned with the elephant training tool known as a bullhook , or ankus , which is a metal rod with a hook at one end .
In an interview with Roseburg 's News - Review newspaper , the park 's general curator , Dan Brands , said the trainers use the bullhooks only as guides .
And the car washing , he says , is a modification of a behavior the elephants do naturally and have been trained to do using positive reinforcement with carrots or yams .
Jared Diamond 's book " Guns , Germs and Steel " is much on my mind these days .
Its thesis is that civilization developed in Eurasia fastest for ecological not cultural or racial reasons .
Eurasia 's size and eco-diversity gave it more species of domesticable plants and animals than other continents , certain favorable climates and landforms ( a Mediterranean dry season eases grain - storage , for example ) , a long human presence ( late discovery of the New World meant mass extinction of large mammals that might have been domesticable ) , and east - west trade routes ( pigs and wheat do well in both France and China , but Mexican corn took centuries to adapt to Ohio ) .
His theory 's complex , and rather than discuss it , I prefer to sculpt it -- I 'm an artist , after all !
So here 's a tilted Earth that should foster a quick , relatively even growth of civilization -- if he 's right .
I 've created the widest possible east - west zone by turning the Americas sideways .
Africa froze , but in exchange , Australia and Antarctica turned green and the Americas linked to Asia over the now - exposed Bering landbridge .
Half the world 's in a single Jaredian climate - belt - - tropical , as it happens .
Why Africa ?
Well , if I 'm sticking to Earth 's geography , only allowing myself to tilt the planet , the Pacific Rim is the most sustained possible east - west strip .
And to level it , I had to put my poles in the central Pacific and Africa .
At first I was upset over the sheer size of the resulting icecap -- they generally spoil the climate for thousands of miles around -- but to follow Jared 's hypothesis , I needed a land - bridge over the Bering Strait anyway , and that requires a good - sized polar cap to lower the sea levels .
So I went with it despite Africa .
You win some , you lose some ...
It 's not quite all distortion .
My African icecap is big -- over 50 % more ice than Antarctica .
That locks up so much water that sea levels have dropped 40 meters .
The Bering Straits are gone -- there 's a permanent land - bridge .
And it 's tropical -- friendly land .
In fact , you can walk from Bali to Cape Horn , two - thirds of the way around the world , and never leave the tropics !
The whole southern hemisphere is relatively warm , for the south pole has only sea-ice , and is sealed in a ring of currents and winds unblocked by land - except the poor ice - bound islands of Polynesia .
The equatorial current travels west around the Pacific Rim , heating up for 30,000 km before much of it squeezes through the straits between Bali and Australia , to warm and strengthen the currents circling in the Indian and East Atlantic Oceans .
This hot - water pump helps keep the northern ice in check .
So even the African Cap is n't as cold as Antarctica ; I modeled it on the temperate caps during the last Ice Age .
Tundra grows nearly to the foot of the ice , and low forests begin not so far away .
Why ?
For orbital reasons I wo n't detail here , the northern hemisphere has inherently milder winters than the south .
Also , our Antarctica 's isolated -- no warm currents hit it , while this African icecap has four separate warm currents fencing it in .
Is the situation stable ?
I doubt it -- ours is n't .
I 've shown the icecap in a mild interglacial phase ; in cold eras , the Mediterranean freezes over , and half Italy and all of Spain would go -- maybe even central Europe .
And the mountain glaciers of Turkey , Iran and the Red Sea spread till they meet , swallowing everything to the shores of the Caspian .
Though even in such cold eras , I suspect the hot currents of the Indian Ocean will keep its coasts generally ice - free , ceding only Arabia to the advancing ice .
This current interglacial 's sea level is 40 meters below ours -- 130 ' down .
Sounds like a big drop , but it 's trivial really ; our sea level has varied a good 250 meters in our last million years alone !
Jaredia 's lower seas bare several million square kilometers of islands , reefs and coasts .
Japan , Britain , and Java - Sumatra are now capes ; they 'll be settled by early ( even pre - ) humans .
But the change that matters , if Jared is right , is that the land - bridge to America is permanent and tropical -- and that means easy !
The Old World here consists of Eurasia and the Americas ; it will develop as one .
Australia will still require boats to reach , but the straits are much smaller now .
I 'd expect it to be settled quite a bit earlier , though long after the Americas .
Is there a New World , an untouched land that only true deepwater sailors can discover ?
Yes , and it's a land none of us have ever seen .
Jaredia 's equivalent of Polynesians have a spectacular find waiting for them -- Antarctica free of its ice .
So join me on ...
A TOUR OF JAREDIA
A NOTE ON THE ORBITAL PHOTOS : I 've processed these shots very little .
Names , boundaries and meridians are not marked ; it 's up to you to recognize these landforms .
Remember , they 're all on Earth too .
I did make a few concessions : rotated shots so north is always up , combined shots to eliminate cloudcover , filtered shots to maximize variation in sea-color due to depth , airbrushed the worst scan lines and seams , and shot both polar icepacks in summer -- not at absolute minimum , but close .
Not very likely to happen simultaneously !
Let 's start with the worst news .
A huge ice - cap covers most of Africa , miles deep .
Well , not completely covered : southern Africa 's a tundra oasis - - a land we 'd recognize immediately as much like our world 's Ice Age Europe .
Its size varies -- in cold eras , ice swallows much of it .
Still , even at maximal glaciation , the Drakensberg Mountains and strong warm currents offshore keep the ice from reaching Natal , the far southern coast .
In this wooded refuge , an extensive flora and fauna always survives to recolonize the cool , windy plains to the north in warmer times .
To the southeast , in Mozambique , the lower , windy coast suffers harsh , stormy winters but fairly warm summers ; evergreens survive up along the coast up to Tanzania , northeast of which is just tundra and bare ground , like Greenland .
Ice covers Kilimanjaro and the other great peaks , and the plateaus behind , but the shore is washed in the Madagascar Current and stays ice - free ( though cold and pretty barren ) all the way up through Somalia .
Life survives on other fringes of Africa .
The tall Atlas Mountains of Morocco hold the ice back .
While the Moroccan coast is mostly cold windy tundra , it too is more Greenlandic than Antarctic : in valleys along the shore the warm Azorean Current allows grasses and even a few stunted trees .
All along the Atlantic coast , though the icecap looms over the sea , floating ice is n't extensive , even in winter ; the offshore currents are just too warm .
The seas here explode with life ; the cold windy Canaries and Cape Blancas and even the ice - locked Cameroon Isles are havens for seal and walrus , penguin and polar bear .
The Mediterranean 's a chill gray sea at the best of times .
The lowlands of Spain , Italy , Greece and Lebanon are lichen and tundra and bog , when they thaw at all .
Turkey and central Spain , being plateaus , have iced over like little Greenlands .
Indeed all the mountains are ice - crowned -- except Etna , eerily bare , a lone fire above the ice .
South of the Alps and Pyrenees , life takes firm hold .
Scattered spruce and fir woods deepen into dark Canadian forests .
Well , not Canadian : tigers roam , hunting giant elk , though the mammoths are gone , hunted out eons ago .
Britain's a somber wooded cape linked to chilly , Nordic France .
Britain 's warmer than the mainland , though , and far larger than in our world -- much of the North Sea is forest and bog .
The Isle of Man is now the Cape of Man ; the Giant 's Causeway may link even Ireland to the mainland .
Scandinavia , especially Lapland , is mild , rather French , though its peaks inland are snowy year - round .
The Baltic Sea is now a great freshwater lake draining through the Skagerrak River to the shrunken North Sea .
Perhaps the analogy I should be making is not European at all , but American : the British Peninsula as New England , Scandinavia as , say , Pennsylvania - to - Virginia , with huge Lake Baltica inland .
And beyond it the great forest thins slowly to the west .
But not into the American prairie .
Not exactly ...
The snowline is the real divider on Jaredia , not our continental names .
For that reason , rather than proceeding south , we 'll head west , over the Elburz Mountains into Iran , a strange Alaskan plateau , with huge cold lakes and stunted spruce forests , ringed by glacial mountains .
The land is a maze - - a third water , a third ice , a third forest .
Northwest , over the Zagros mountains , is the marshy plain of Jazeera , dotted with great lakes where our world 's Persian Gulf lies .
Beyond the woods and lakes lies only tundra , rising slowly to the glacial ranges bordering the Red Sea .
Yemen 's under a mile of ice , though the shore is bare , and Oman to the south resembles Iran , with great lakes and piny woods ; a bit warmer , for though it 's north of Iran , the land is much lower , except for the coast range , an icefield nearly 3 km above the marshy plains .
The desert exists on Jaredia too : it 's the plain around the Ganges and Brahmaputra .
Only the many snowfed rivers create sinuous green oases .
This is n't the lonely Nile -- there are dozens of tributary river - valleys !
Rich with glacial silt , they 'll begin as meadow and marsh and strip woodlands , but they 're ideal for irrigated farming .
The Ganges Desert will be a cradle of Jaredian civilization comparable to our Fertile Crescent .
Much of the Deccan is scrub desert , though the higher Ghats squeeze enough rain to support Mediterranean olive groves and open woods .
Cape Lanka ( Ceylon is linked to the mainland , of course ) and the coast northeast to Bombay is temperate and green -- quite Mediterranean or Californian .
This pleasant shore will have mild weather with summer fogs due to the cool Somali Current , rich in fish - - a marine treasure chest luring fishers further and further offshore ... and into the arts of deep - sea navigation .
These maritime Bombalankans will quickly discover a great chain of islands and reefs ( the Laccadives and Maldives , but much larger than on Earth ) leading west 2500 km toward the Seychelle Arc and Madagascar .
Just as the Vikings hopped from Scandinavia to the Faeroes to Iceland to Greenland to America , the Bombalankan Indians will eventually stumble on a sea-route to these rich lands .
And the Bombalankans ( plus the Pakistanis and Jazeerans they trade with ) are the only people in this hemisphere ( aside from the distant Britons , perhaps ) who might have crops and animals adapted for Madagascar 's cool - temperate climate .
Beyond Madagascar , they 'll find the island - chains leading to the African shore unpromisingly cold and windy .
And the tundras beyond the coastal woods , crawling with Ice Age monsters will seem even more dismal to these farmers and fishers .
The well - armed savages hunting the monsters wo n't help .
It 's a rich land for hunters who do n't mind a little danger .
Well , a lot of danger .
But eventually some storm - tossed ship will blunder west all the way to the much warmer warmer Natal Coast , a land ideal for Madagascarene invaders , who 'd likely dispossess the local hunter - gatherers .
Whether Madagascarenes would eventually sail on across the East Atlantic , to try and wrest the northern tip of Brazil from its inhabitants , is a question we 'll leave for specialists in alternative history of the more militaristic sort .
We deal in ecology .
Tibet ?
Tibet is still Tibet .
Sometimes altitude is destiny .
Wait , I 'm exaggerating -- there are changes .
Lhasa 's river valley in the southwest , and the Tsaidam plateau in the far southeast ( both a mere 3 to 3.5 km meters high instead of 4 - 5 ) are closer to the equator on Jaredia , warming them enough to become cool but fertile highlands .
In summer , they get significant rain , too , sweeping up from the south .
Not a full - on monsoon , but enough to cover the slopes in grass and nourish trees along streams .
Even warmer are the inaccessible but spectacular gorges of southern Tibet , where all the great rivers of South Asia flow parallel , only a few miles apart -- but those few miles are mountain ridges rising 4-5000 meters .
Bananas in Tibet ?
Oranges , at least .
Looming above these gorges , at 7500 meters ( 24,500 ' ) is the isolated peak of Minya Gonga , which , for a thousand kilometers around , will be the home of the gods .
Central Asia is still relatively dry , but the only true desert is the Takla Makan , trapped between Tibet and the Tien Shan - - this basin is dry in every single alternate world I 've devised , for with the world 's highest peaks around it , rain just can't get in .
Aside from streams around the rim , draining to the swampy Lop Nor in the south , this is land under a geographic curse .
A new ( ahem ) attitude can't fix it .
But the many ranges to the east , from the Tien Shan to the Altai , are warmer and rainier than in our world , with sheltered valleys where pastures and wild apples flourish .
The wider valleys and plains , from Dzungaria in the north to the Gobi in the south , add up to the biggest grasslands in the world .
The Gobi Desert is gone and winters here are milder ; most of the year , predominant winds come from the south , bringing both warmth and rain .
This region of Asia is best compared to our East Africa during the Ice Age : scattered wooded ranges with warm savanna plains between .
Apes from the jungles of China who explore these grasslands may take the first steps toward becoming human ...
For the moment , let 's turn southwest , leaving China and Siberia for later .
Now we enter another continent , south of the snows , where ice is a mirage -- mountains floating on the horizon .
The Jaredian incarnation of Indochina is generally drier than Earth's .
Burma 's floodplain has a monsoon in good years , but in bad ones there 's only the great river , descending from the Tibetan snows , like the Ganges and Brahmaputra .
The upper Mekong and Irrawaddy rivers have cut spectacular canyons into the Himalaya 's southern spurs , just as on Earth , but here , they 're dissected redrock canyons full of cliffs and towers ; hot canyons and high cold ridges generate thunderstorms and heavy erosion .
Burma 's not as lush as in our world - - a strong monsoon , but a long dry season ; more like our India in a so - so year .
Thailand is greener , almost like ours .
Wetter still : the equatorial peninsulas of Vietnam ( enlarged and with a strange hook at the southern tip ) and Great Java ( Malaya - Sumatra - Java - Bali ) form one huge continuous rainforest , with satellites offshore : Borneo , the Philippines , the Moluccas and Sundas .
There 's some uncertainty about Borneo : it 's certainly fused with Palawan , the long Philippine isle to its east , but depending on water levels , it might even link to Great Java , forming a single jagged subcontinent of several million square kilometers .
Except for Mindanao , most of the other Philippine islands have fused with Luzon , and an island chain nearly links Luzon to Taiwan .
The strait between Taiwan and the mainland has been nearly filled by Pescador , a low green island half the size of Taiwan itself .
This China - Pescador - Taiwan - Luzon - Mindanao- Sulawesi-Papua route is a potential highway to Australia , one which might have been traversed in quite primitive boats -- meaning , in very early times -- even assuming no Jaredian ice ages when sea levels drop still further .
Jared Diamond quotes linguistic evidence that just such a migration happened in our world , with higher water levels and smaller isles , though only 3500 years ago : native Taiwanese spread southeast into the Pacific , to become the Polynesians !
Here , it would be easier and happen far earlier .
The Jaredian rainforest does n't end in Indonesia .
Papua ( New Guinea ) is now the east coast of Australia -- the low sea has bared a land - bridge between them .
Lush forest covers Papua 's lowlands , but in the south they 're temperate not tropical .
The mountains are snowcapped and spectacular in places , rising 4-5000 meters .
Highland valleys are grassy and alpine -- herding not farming country .
Jaredian populations will crowd the lowlands , not the highlands as in our world .
The hardwood forests of Papua stretch across the York Isthmus to cover a million square km of Australia proper , too .
The southern coast is cooler yet , occasionally seeing snow even at sea level -- pine and redwood dominate the dark , dense woods here .
Offshore , Tasmania 's nearly anchored to the mainland by island chains ; it will never become culturally isolated as it did in our world .
North , over the snowy coast range , lies the Darling Prairie , a million square kilometers of grassland , watered by snowmelt .
Beyond the central Flinders Range is Adelaide at the mouth of the wide Eyre River .
To the east , the Great Lakes : Eyre , Torrens and half a dozen others make a sapphire necklace from the west coast two - thirds of the way across the continent .
North of the lakes is the last gasp of the Australian desert : just a Sahelian patch along the appropriately named Nullarbor Plain , in the rainshadow of the central Macdonnell Ranges , with their forested ridges and rust - red canyons .
North of this , along the Indian Ocean from Perth to Darwin , is a wide savanna , deepening to jungle -- and this is no timid coastal strip , for the northeast coast has widened by some two hundred miles -- it stretches halfway to Timor .
New islands and reefs make crossings from Timor even easier ; Australia will be settled early .
New isles have surfaced in the gaps between Great Java / Borneo and Papua , too .
The Timor routes , the Borneo route and the Taiwan - Luzon route mentioned above are now short , relatively easy island - hops , making it likely Jaredians would settle Australia long before we managed it ( around 40,000 BP ) .
A wave of mass extinctions probably still resulted , but the invaders might be so early and primitive that ( as in our Africa and Eurasia , and unlike Australia and Americas ) many large animals would have time to adapt , learn to fear humans , and survive ( to be domesticated later on ? ) .
Whether or not that happens , Australia is likely richer in megafauna as well as biomass -- full of giant lizards , marsupials , and flightless birds .
And people -- even before agriculture , it 's so much larger and richer , it could support millions .
An afterthought about that temperate south coast .
The people here will have to develop crops of their own ; the tropical staples of the Jaredian Belt wo n't grow here .
The region may be backward , but if its people do establish a suite of temperate crops , they , and not the main - belt Jaredians , will spread over the Pacific archipelagoes , which are cool and rainy , with some winter snow - - temperate , despite high latitudes , for there 's no Greenland or Antarctica here in the south : the only polar cap is sea-ice a few meters thick in winter , shrinking and breaking up in summer .
The prevailing winds beyond the Antarctic Convergence around sixty south spin this great floating cap , or try ; every Polynesian island becomes an icebreaker , tearing up the sheet in late spring .
Of course it works both ways ; only active volcanoes can stand long against the shearing .
Spinning like a geological sawblade , the Southern Ice leaves only guyots -- flat - topped seamounts and reefs that can't even develop coldwater reefs on their sunlit tops ; life cowers on the dim slopes .
New Zealand can scoff at the buzz saw .
With the lower sea level , it 's much larger , though a narrow strait still separates the two islands .
But it reaches 66 degrees south !
Without an Antarctic ice cap , the climate 's milder than Earth at this latitude ; New Zealand 's quite Nordic , with fjords and somber forests thinning to tundra in the far south ( our North Island ) .
Yet the north , below Mt Cook , is fertile and cool - temperate ; south - Australian settlers would find it a second homeland .
This great chain -- fifty or more islands , not our eight -- is cool and rainy , but rarely snowy in winter on the coasts , though great glaciers cover the volcanoes -- when they 're not busy building more land .
Ice and fire !
The latitude is close to 60 south -- not far from our Antarctic Peninsula , or Kamchatka -- but without a true polar cap , winters are no worse than England's .
Our South Australians will flourish .
The big question is : will this by - now thoroughly maritime people merely trade with the tropics , causing a local Renaissance , or venture " round the Horn " -- not as risky a venture as in our world , since the Horn is now equatorial , but just as long a trip ( it 's exactly the same Horn after all .
I have n't altered geography a bit , remember , whatever the world map looks like ! )
Say our Zealanders and South Australians thus contact the Europeans .
Or vice versa , I guess -- the mariners of the British Peninsula might develop deepwater skills , but they simply wo n't have had as much motivation ; nothing like the huge , scattered archipelago in the south seas .
So my bet's on the southerners to " discover " the north .
But whoever makes first contact , once these two temperate zones exchange snow - tolerant crops and animals , I suspect twin Renaissances will bloom in the muddy streets of Honolulu and Sydney , Belfast and Dubai - - places tropical Jaredians ( like our Romans ) see as inherently barbaric , cursed by bad weather to be forever savage -- like Shakespearean London .
Of course , our Temperates might also found an empire on sea-trade as the British did .
Or just loot their neighbors like the Vikings , spreading misery and slowing civilization 's rise another few centuries , until the tropical Jaredians match their seafaring skill , or fail to and go under ...
On that pleasant thought , let 's head back to warmer territory : Siberia .
No , really .
Other tilted Earths I 've built have had fertile Siberias , but this one 's unusual in that the low sealevel creates one unified land from the Urals to the Bering Strait and inland to Lake Baikal , centered on the great Lena River Valley .
My guess it that this land would develop as one huge nation , either colonizing the Asian peninsulas like Kamchatka , Korea and Japan , or merely exporting its culture and inventions to the " barbarians " .
But this Siberia could n't isolate itself easily , as China did ; it's at the world 's crossroads .
If it turns inward and stagnates , the Alaskans , Kamchatkans , Japanese , Mongolians , or Chinese , living on trade from Australia , India and America , will inevitably move ahead , forcing the Siberian monolith to modernize or die .
Further east , the twisting , verdant Okhotsk shore is sheltered by Japan 's eastern twin : Kamchatka .
Here , wide , rainy , flat lowlands stretch below a whole chain of Fuji - size volcanoes .
One 's a full kilometer higher -- Klyucha , perpetually snowcapped even at the equator : the sacred peak of the region .
Pilgrims will come from Japan and Siberia to climb it -- and to see the world .
For Kamchatka 's cosmopolitan .
All the world 's land trade must pass over the Bering Isthmus -- the gateway to the Americas .
North America is now south of South America .
To avoid confusion , let 's call it Tortolia , after the native name , Turtle Island .
I have no doubt Alaska would be a major cradle of civilizations -- it 's fertile , ecologically diverse , and a crossroads for both land and sea trade .
The gods would , of course , live atop Denali .
The land is rainforest on the coasts , but savanna inland in the Yukon basin , between the Brooks and Alaska ranges .
The savanna corridor leads all the way to Mexico , though much broken up by wooded mountains , canyons , and local deserts .
East of Seattle and the Puget Lakes , the Pacific coast turns dry , at least at low altitudes .
But the many uplands ( Coast Range , Cascades , Sierra Nevada , Transverse Range , Baja , Sierra Madre ) are mild to cool , and catch enough rain to be fertile .
Inland , beyond the mountains , the Utah Sea never dried up , nor did Lake Lahontan in Nevada or a dozen others , dotting a patchwork of prairie , forest , mountain and canyon much like East Africa at the dawn of man ; and it 's likely apes would roam the huge Mississippi rainforest to the north .
Would they break out onto the savanna and desert here ?
This could be humanity 's cradle .
It 's a toss - up between Utah and Mongolia ... and , as we 'll see , Greenland .
Yes , Greenland .
And paralleling it is another east - west corridor .
The high plains of Alberta range from savanna to open grassland below the western Rockies .
But in general , north of the Rockies , the High Plains are forested ; indeed the Mississippi basin is an Amazonian rainforest , while Appalachia and most of Canada are pleasant subtropical woods suitable for farming , like Siberia to the west .
The shores are shallow ; great coral reefs flourish .
This maze of islands , reefs , and gulfs stretches from Florida to the isles of Baffin Bay , and around to the Mackenzie Valley near Alaska .
Native cultures will be coastal and riverine !
Unbroken continental rainforests are n't centers of innovation in our world ; they 're actually quite hard to live in ( getting protein's a problem ) and sustain low populations .
Broken , coastal and island rainforests , on the other hand , can sustain high populations and cultures , often maritime : Java , the Maya , Polynesia , Hispaniola ( it supported millions before Columbus brought them slavery and smallpox . )
Tortolia 's coasts are of this second , promising type , and I 'd expect to see rich maritime cultures , especially on its cooler , drier north and west shores , where each of the large islands could develop its own culture .
And such maritime cultures could spread inland -- not only to the Great Lakes and the Canadian Lakes ( Bear , Slave , Athabasca , Reindeer , and Winnipeg ) but to a third , equally large complex where our Hudson Bay lies .
Paradoxically , we 're on firmer ground offshore ...
I must note that our Greenland 's drainage is different -- recent soundings show our Rasmussen Basin drained during some interglacial period ( perhaps catastrophically ) via a channel through the hills at far left in the orbital photo , not the bottom center as shown -- in our world , that coast was likely ice - dammed .
What you see here is a Greenland that never iced up -- no need to avoid an ice - dam by carving a canyon through the hills .
This Rasmussen has it easy , meandering peacefully out to Baffin Bay .
The Greenland veldt supports huge migratory herds preyed on by quasi-lions , cheetahs , and sabertooths .
Marsupials ?
Greenland gets even less green in the west ; the Kennedy Channel and huge Ellesmere Island have red desert coasts , practically Sonoran .
Still , Ellesmere 's mountains , rising to 2500 meters , catch the rain and support pine forests , and scattered oaks lower down .
The cultures of Tortolia , with crops adapted for wet tropics , would n't do well here or on the veldt .
But during ice ages , the Kennedy Strait might become a land bridge --( depending on how much higher the region would be without Greenland 's ice ) , and if so , apes might spread to Greenland from the Canadian jungles .
If so , the vast Greenlandic Veldt would beckon for those willing to risk coming out of the trees ...
Crazy though it sounds , Greenland could be where protohumans evolve .
We may cross the Bering Bridge , all right -- but in the other direction !
Much of the Caribbean and Gulf coast is low - lying .
So Jaredia 's Caribbean has both more and larger islands ; for example , Andros Island in the Bahamas is nearly the size of Florida , itself doubled in size , fattened as if on steroids ; Cuba and Yucatan have reached out hands and nearly touched ; Jamaica has a low - lying twin ...
I wo n't go into detail because ecologically all these isles and capes are much like the Tortolian coastal rainforest , and probably have similar cultures .
If our own Caribbean is any guide , this means high populations ; if Jared 's right about sheer numbers promoting innovation and east - west corridors spreading it , the region will develop civilizations like the Olmec , Maya and Mound Builders much earlier , and advance much faster .
For maize , potatoes , quinoa , beans , avocadoes , sunflower and squash seeds will spread from Mexico and Peru to become worldwide staples , from time out of mind .
Even peasants too poor for meat ( assuming Jaredians are even a species that eats it , of course ) will have diets high in protein , B vitamins , healthy oils .
And chocolate .
Now that 's important !
Consider : the stimulatin ' bean spreads round the Jaredian Strip , and immediately people feel all loved and creative and talkative .
The Renaissance flowers and modern science begins .
Jaredian art and science will rise early and far , rocketfueled by cacao .
Bittersweet .
With cinnamon , and ... I have to take a break now .
To renew my inspiration and do some , uh , research .
As South America 's now northeast of North America , let 's call it Amazonia -- though it 's no longer really dominated by the Amazon .
Orientation matters as much as latitude ; and while South America still straddles the equator , it 's rotated almost 90 degrees ; storm - paths are utterly different .
From Panama to Cape Horn , Amazonia 's south coast is evenly lush , and will inevitably become a great migration - and trade - route , passing crops and ideas along its endless fertile shore .
If anyone acts out the dream that led me to Jaredia , of walking from Bali to Tierra Del Fuego , two - thirds of the way around the world , they 'll take this route .
The Andean highlands are now much warmer at their Chilean end , more like our tropical Andes , as in Colombia , for instead of slashing across the equator , the long plateau parallels it .
Equatorial rains mostly fall in the foothils , but enough now reaches the highlands so Lake Titicaca has grown , and has four huge sisters : Poopó , Coipasa , Uyuni ( larger than Titicaca ) and Atacama - - together , some 50,000 square kilometers of water .
These moderate the climate of the altiplano -- cool dry grasslands , not desert .
The Incas will have a much higher population base .
The Andean foothills and southern Amazon Basin are much drier ; cupped by mountains east , south and west , so that storms can only approach from the north , they get just short monsoon rains -- in good years .
Downriver , in central Amazonia , the rains gradually grow more reliable -- the banks go from grass and scrubland to savanna and open woods , then deep forest for a thousand kilometers or more , north to the Atlantic .
To the north , beyond the mouth of the Amazon , the land turns even more Mediterranean .
The Brazilian coastal mountains catch enough rain to be wooded , but the lowlands and canyons are dusty , even desert , except along the many shallow , seasonal rivers .
It feels Australian -- no coincidence , since yearly rainfall 's highly irregular here , depending on storms coming in from east or west .
The region 's also cooler ; the northern tip of Brazil suffers frost in winter , and the higher mountains have substantial winter snowpacks .
The tropical crops of the Caribbean and Beringia wo n't flourish here .
Agriculture will develop slowly , depending on indigenous discoveries -- or perhaps on Madagascarene settlers from the north .
The reasons for this cool climatic " island " are simple : icy Africa to the north cools the region more than we'd expect at this latitude , and the warm Brazil Current is deflected offshore around 20 degrees north by a new cape and reefs exposed by lower sea levels ; southeast of this , tropical storms make the Uruguay coast a jungly steambath again .
A thousand km east of Tierra del Fuego lies one last continent in the equatorial Jaredian strip -- one so large it nearly completes the ring , stretching to within a few thousand km of Australia .
" Circumnavigating " Jaredia is thus a deceptive phrase .
" Circumambulating " would be fairer .
Circle this Earth along the equatorial corridor , and you can walk 90 % of the way .
Still , this last continent we 're approaching is the most isolated -- Jaredia 's great riddle , both biologically and culturally .
Tropica is the logical name for this equatorial continent you know as Antarctica .
Or rather you do n't .
None of us know this land -- hidden under that ice - mantle is a sprawling , diverse , often spectacular continent .
In the west , the green , jagged Palmer Peninsula is Tropica 's gateway : the great question is when the Patagonians will sail beyond the Malvinas and discover what lies beyond , or if native Tropicans will sail the other way .
Hmm .
Part of Jaredia 's game is for you to orient yourself without more than the world map -- this is , after all , just Earth , tilted and changed a bit by falling sea levels and different climates .
But most of us do n't know Antarctica 's geography or nomenclature any better than Mars ... and the lack of ice is , in its way , as drastic a change as smothering Africa in ice -- and I felt a map was justified there .
All right !
Just this once I 'll give you a continental map ...
To the east is an immense savanna , drained by the great Valkyrie River .
High mountains ring the plain , forcing most of the dense equatorial rains to fall on the coasts , the world 's wettest .
This lush strip , 1-500 km wide , is one of the world 's ecological treasure houses .
On the east coast , the strip widens ; as the mountains curve inland , they spread to form a great tropical highland , the Argus Plateau , the size and height of Ethiopia , with a climate of perpetual spring .
Coffee or tea , anyone ?
In the southeast , the land is hilly , with many lakes .
The rains turn seasonal here , and the western slopes of some ranges are grassland and scrub .
The Transtropic Range is a rugged dragon - spine dividing the continent , 4 - 5 km high - - high enough for winter snow , even at this subtropical latitude .
It stretches 3000 km from the Sentinel Range to the southeast coast .
Standing apart is fuming Mt Erebus , the tall volcano standing alone , 3500 meters above the Ross Coast .
South of the Transtropics is the low , flat , red Ross Desert , one of the largest on Jaredia , broken by the many branches of the McMurdo River , fed by the Transtropic snows .
To the west the desert slides quietly into the Byrd Gulf , over 1000 km long .
The shallows of this warm sheltered sea are a coral paradise , but it 's surprisingly deep in the center and west end near the Bentley Strait .
The great Amundsen Peninsula , ( or is it an island ?
Or a cape linked to the mainland at the WEST end , not the east as I 've shown it ? ) is dry along the coasts , but greener inland , where scattered ranges rise to 3-4000 meters .
The land resembles the canyon country in the southwest US and northern Mexico , with redrock gorges and pine - clad plateaus .
The lone peak on the south shore is snowcapped Mt Siple , three kilometers above the sea .
Astute viewers will note inconsistencies between versions of Antarctica in my alternate worlds -- changes not fully accounted for by different sea levels .
The soundings available to me , and the further uncertainty of true ground - level if you remove the heavy ice - burden , left me two choices : to pick one reasonable model for Antarctic landforms , and generate continents from that , based only on sea level and rebound effect ... or to create each new version without reference to older ones .
I chose the latter -- if anything , I tried to make the variations as contradictory as I could , within what 's known .
I wanted to emphasize the uncertainty .
If you saw similar mountains , river - drainages and coastlines , you 'd gain a false sense of confidence .
The only confidence I have is that if we had more accurate , detailed data , NONE of these coastlines , ranges or river basins would turn out to be right .
Still , regardless of its exact coastline , the utter isolation of Tropica would create a unique ecology -- with unique primates .
If they develop intelligence , and they might well , since the land resembles Africa , the resulting people might be hominids , or , as on Madagascar , they could well be descended from lemurs or tarsiers .
Tailed or not ?
Furred or not ?
Diurnal like us , or big -eyed nocturnals ?
Omnivores or gorilloid herbivore ?
It 's hard to say .
Fascinating though the possibility is , in a way I hope no such second species of people develops -- for trapped in a smaller world , they 'd probably advance more slowly than the mainland Jaredians , who I 've set up , after all , to advance quickly .
Once Jaredians discover the Tropicans , they'd be in for it -- plague , slavery , war , oppression at best and extinction at worst .
Or is this narrow thinking ?
The Jaredians did n't evolve on our familiar African path either .
Maybe the civilized Jaredians will be hairy , tailed vegetarians , and the Tropican species will be chimp - descended tough guys ready to kick some wimpy tailed ass .
Our historical theories are all based on a single primate midway between bonobo and chimp , able to swing either way -- cooperation or war .
Within such a species , the tribe with better tools ( and immune systems ) usually spreads .
But when it 's different species , with different diets , instincts , and levels of aggression , then what happens ?
Does technology trump human nature when the nature 's not quite human ?
All we know is that we do n't know .
Jaredia is more fertile than our world .
There are obvious losses -- Africa , India - - but millions of square kilometers miles of new coastal lands and islands ( from the lower sea level ) , and the immense new tracts of fertile land in Siberia , Australia and Tropica more than balance this .
Further , the New World probably has richer fauna , even in areas where they are no greener .
Consider : our oldest human - inhabited continent is Africa , and it has the most large animals .
Second oldest is Eurasia , and it has the next richest megafauna -- elephants , tigers , camels , ancestral horses .
Australia , the next , has very little ; but it 's small and dry .
Next come the Americas , a very large fertile land , yet they too have very few really large mammals .
Bears , bison , moose ... what else ?
The most recent human - settled lands , Madagascar and New Zealand , have no more large animals than Australia -- we ate them all within a few generations .
Jared Diamond has explored the reasons in " Guns , Germs , and Steel , " but here , let 's just say that exposure to earlier , less skilled hunters is like inoculation , and led to a higher survival rate -- to coexistence .
Jaredia 's land - bridges guarantee early settlement worldwide -- and thus , the early adaptation and survival of more large New World and Australian animals .
In some of my variant Earths , multiple species of intelligent life must share the Earth ; or humans branch early into several species .
This world , excepting Tropica , is much more uniform -- racially , ecologically , and culturally .
Even in our world , with its extinctions and migration barriers , big - brained primates are scattered over a hemisphere - - orangutans live in Indonesia .
On Jaredia , with such easy migration corridors , prehumans will be worldwide , and whether people first evolve in Asia or the Americas , the new species will quickly fill the world , and races are less likely to develop .
Though , of course , with African apes out of the picture , and tropical forest and savanna girdling Jaredia , " human " may have a different meaning , at least superficially .
We may still be descended from apes of some sort , but other primates are possibilities -- and not only primates .
It 's worth remembering that ( even restricting the field to land animals ) elephant brains are as complex as ours , while Arctic wolves have chimp - sized brains , and bears are n't far behind .
Parrots and ravens have recently proven to rival apes in intelligence .
Jaredia has a rich pool of big - brained creatures , the right environment to shape them , and plenty of time .
If apes do n't blunder into the right niche , other creatures will .
It 's hard to say how much difference this would make .
My guess is that even if some of the contenders started out herbivorous , they'd be omnivores soon after they developed fire and tools , for big brains burn a lot of fuel , and fat and protein are concentrated food sources .
The only crucial difference between such people and us might be temperament .
Aggression , territoriality , sociability , gender differentiation ?
And subtler traits : socially adept like bonobos or adept with tools like orangutans ?
The dominant sense may be sight , smell , touch or hearing .
Such differences would shape history -- but be taken for granted , essentially invisible .
Do n't we take our intraspecies aggression level , our tool - dexterity , and our smell - blindness for granted ?
With zones much like our Fertile Crescent in Bengal , Manchuria , California , and over short straits in Greenland , and Australia , there 's a chance farming and herding would start far from our Mideast .
But wherever it began , that convenient tropical corridor from Bali to Cape Horn would quickly spread domesticated plants and animals around the world .
Tortolia and Amazonia will have a long head start over our Americas - - tens of thousands of years at least , and possibly millions , if , as seems possible , one of them is humanity 's cradle .
Indeed there 's every reason to treat Eurasia and the Americas as one supercontinent .
But the greatly increased fertility of Australia will also have cultural effects .
In our world , Australia was n't just held back by isolation ; the total population was low and mostly poor ; there was room for few innovators .
On the eve of European invasion , Australia had only 300,000 people .
Much smaller New Guinea had well over a million !
But on Jaredia , the combined New Guinea - Australia is so large and rich it could sustain many millions .
Enough to speed innovation ?
Certainly .
The continent would be a cultural heavyweight , probably on a par with China or Siberia .
Might there even be enough innovation so Australian ships would first explore the Pacific and Indian Oceans , exporting the Dreamtime to Zealand , Madagascar and ( the big prize ) Tropica ?
Australian temperate crops might do well on its south coast , and both continents have similar tropic zones too .
But Cape Horn 's much closer to Tropica .
It 's deep water , no casual voyage , but if some Patagonian Columbus can sweet - talk a local queen into some funding ...
Or would a New Zealander reach Tropica first , island - hopping along the Macquary - Balleny chain ?
In our world these isles are small , cold and little known , but on Jaredia , they 're warm , fertile , larger , and more numerous .
Fishermen might well discover the Tropican New World -- and , probably , like the Basques , keep their mouths shut for centuries , as they quietly spread along the coasts .
Or ... would Tropicans reach Zealand and Australia and Patagonia first ?
Could reverse colonization really happen ?
True , this sounds like Jaredian heresy .
Society should progress much faster on the supercontinent ( tailor - made for it , after all ) .
But if Tropicans evolve separately , from a different species , as would be likely , it could be millions of years earlier or later .
They , unlike the Americans and Australians of our world , are totally decoupled from the rest of Jaredian evolution .
A smaller land - and population - base might make their rise to civilization more leisurely , but Tropica is extremely diverse ; they would n't lack for resources .
If by chance Tropican people evolved first , they might well build deepsea vessels and settle the supercontinent while its natives are still chipping flint .
For more important than the factors speeding the rise of civilization , on a scale of thousands of years , are still - unexplored evolutionary pressures working on a scale of millions of years .
And in the case of Tropica , they 're working on a continent whose very coastline we are n't sure of !
Tropica is an evolutionary wild card that could upset all Jaredian predictions .
" The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence . "
That old proverb is n't about jealousy , as most people think .
It 's subtler than that .
You see , it 's literally true .
When you look at grass you stand on , you 're looking down -- you see the leaves end - on , so a lot of bare earth is visible too .
When you look over the fence at your neighbor 's grass , you see it full - length , at a low angle , so the grass - blades overlap and hide the ground .
Even if your lawns are identical , your neighbor 's grass really does look greener .
And this effect crops up in other places .
Ever notice , on a busy , multi- lane road , how you always get stuck in the slowest lane ?
Lady
Luck is n't out to get you -- by definition the most crowded lane will have the most people in it !
Clear , fast - moving lanes have fewer drivers .
More often than not , you really ARE in a worse - than - average lane , the other lanes ARE greener - - till you move over , and slow them up !
Now , the opposite principle applies to alternate earths .
Consider :
Let 's say you 're contemplating Randomia , an alternate Earth no better or worse than ours , with roughly the same biomass , same amount of arable land , about the same population ... just re-distributed .
Now , what regions will you notice the most ?
First , your home , of course , and then , other well - known regions -- and well - known means inhabited .
Randomia will always look worse !
For , by definition , most readers will be from our world 's high - population zones .
Random changes will , on average , degrade them .
And the lands that improve , that become the heartlands of Randomia 's civilizations , are likely to be barren obscure lands in our world , mere names ( if that ) to non-Randomian readers .
The Jaredian version of Europe is cold ( millions of European readers groan ) , while the green Sahara nurtures great civilizations ( a handful of Saharan readers cheer ) .
If you love civilization , Randomia will probably stunt or kill the ones you love ; its greatest civilizations will arise from lands ( and creatures ) you barely know and dismiss as primitive .
So the grass always looks browner in a parallel world -- because what you value most , what you KNOW to value , is generally lost .
This principle makes it hard to see alternate worlds fairly .
So , if I seem foolishly optimistic about these alternate Earths , postulating island leagues and tropical civilizations and intelligent lemurs or elephants or mega-ravens ... just remember I 'm fighting the Randomian factor .
Your view is colored by the degradation of what you know and love ; so my predictions of new growth and life in the unlikeliest regions , will seem fatuous .
Yet they grow from the same data as the doom and gloom -- your perceptions are naturally tilted toward seeing the losses .
Factor Randomia in , before you mock .
The two big problems Jaredia posed for me were n't what I expected .
I 'd thought the thesis of " Guns , Germs and Steel " could be worked out in a sort of Petri dish -- just add people and watch them grow !
But people are n't added -- they evolve from the system .
And the factors speeding sapiogenesis ( the evolution of intelligent life ) are even worse understood than the factors speeding civilization .
Since biological evolution comes first and takes longer , it injects huge uncertainties into the Petri dish -- the race toward civilization is almost irrelevant , a mere ten or twenty thousand years .
The million - year question is , do intelligent species develop at all , and if so , what , and how many , and where ?
Damn .
The second problem is climatological .
Wherever I can , I work by analogy , not theory or calculation .
I look for similar latitudes and landforms and currents , figuring nature knows better than our simulations .
But not all possible environments exist in our known world .
So each alternate Earth poses questions that can't be answered by analogy .
And Jaredia 's a paradox !
Its heavy northern icecap should create harsh weather in the temperate zones and drier tropics and subtropics , as our Ice Ages did .
But Jaredia 's long east - west coast allows an equatorial current to circle the Earth unimpeded .
In eras when an equatorial ring - current flowed , our world was hot and wet , melting the ice even at the poles .
So which way does Jaredia swing ?
It 's like a car with both the gas pedal and the brakes on -- one pedal cooling and drying the northern hemisphere , the other pedal pumping enough heat to cause a global steambath !
How do these forces balance out ?
I do n't know .
I 've picked a middle path - - a large icecap whose chilling , drying effects are largely hemmed in by warm currents just offshore .
Only boreal forests are rare -- the desert belt is small , and rainforests flourish , fed by storms from the warm ring - current .
But you could convince me it could go either way -- few rainforests , bigger deserts and savannas and steppes , even a northern dustbowl ... or much less ice , rainforest in Mongolia , boreal forests in Africa ...
Like the roots of sapiogenesis , the roots of global ( not local ) climate are not well enough known to predict the results when you postulate a situation far from the known .
In short , the climate of the equatorial strip I 've built does indeed look uniform enough to speed the spread of early people , and then trade in domesticated plants and animals -- fostering a worldwide rise of civilization , with fewer continental mass extinctions -- cultural OR biological !
But aside from warm and reasonably rainy , I 'm not so sure just what that climate would be .
Rainforest , encouraging fishing cultures and crops like taro or yams ?
Or drier , open forests , encouraging storable grains and seed - based agriculture ?
Or drier yet -- mixed savanna , nomadic herders ?
Similarly , I 'm confident we'd see either one species with few races ( at most , the cold - tolerant tribes of the African and European tundra might form a second race ) or two species , one on the supercontinent , one on Tropica .
But I have grave doubts these people would look or behave like us .
They could be marsupials , dinosaurs , mini-elephants or giant raccoons .
Conclusions
Jared 's theory is probably right -- environment nurtures and limits technology , and the factors he describes make sense even applied to a very different geography .
BUT ... his theory has limits .
It 's only relevant when dealing with one intelligent species .
For environment does n't just shape but create people -- and biology trumps culture !
Civilization 's rise can be sped or slowed by a wealth or shortage of domesticable species , but first you need enough potentially sapient species ( plus poorly understood environmental factors , plus millions of years ) before the Jaredian process can even begin .
I 've done my best here -- found that Jaredia 's rich in warm , rugged , diverse regions with both wet and dry zones , like our East Africa -- but while I think Jaredians of some sort are likely to evolve somewhere , logic takes me no further .
Maybe that 's proper .
In the end , civilization may arise from chance , a momentary inspiration , the legacy of kooks who play with fire , make up words , paddle toward the horizon .
Before Jaredians , Randomians .
Maybe one day we 'll try it -- dare to be silly .
And stumble into civilization .
NEXT ?
I may soon take a short vacation from my game of tilt - the - axis .
Instead , I plan to build our familiar world , with its axis un -tilted -- but our world as it'll be if carbon dioxide stays high for a thousand years or so .
Our current geography , but with CO2 at , say , 700 parts per million -- enough to thaw Greenland and Antarctica completely .
Once the world stabilizes , if it ever does , what 'll it look like , that flooded greenhouse Earth we 're so busily creating ?
Drop by to check out Dubia , this doubtful world .
No , I lied .
It 's really named in honor of the world 's foremost advocate and producer of greenhouse gases -- both via his oil / car policies and his hot - air speeches .
George W. Bush .
Dubya .
Coming soon .
And , I 'm afraid , coming for real .
2020
I 'm a dream artist .
But one with a scientific side .
I always thought Jaredia , and Planetocopia in general , was my biggest nondream art project .
Wrong !
While transcribing an old dream - journal , I found an entry dated 1990 / 3/31 , thirteen years before Jaredia physically existed , detailing an almost identical art - globe project !
" I took a globe off its stand , drilled new pole - holes to tilt the Earth so as to maximize fertility .
The equator now runs through Tokyo , Alaska and Tierra del Fuego ... "
Only now , THIRTY years after the dream , do I know that it was Planetocopia 's seed .
Just took a long time to sprout .
World Dream Bank homepage - Art gallery - New stuff - Introductory sampler , best dreams , best art -
On dreamwork - Books
Indexes : Subject - Author - Date - Names - Places -
Art media / styles
Titles : A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - IJ - KL - M - NO - PQ - R - Sa-Sh - Si-Sz - T - UV - WXYZ
Email : wdreamb@yahoo.com - Catalog of art , books , CDs - Behind the Curtain : FAQs , bio , site map - Kindred sites
This week ’s panel
Roger Protz is a contributing editor for beer - pages.com ;
Pete Brownis the author of ‘ Hops and Glory ’ ;
Zak Avery runs a beer events firm ( thebeerboy.co.uk ) ;
Jeff Evans is the author of the ‘ Good Bottled Beer Guide ’
Click here or on the image to launch our guide
Leave your comments and suggestion below
IndyBest product reviews are unbiased , independent advice you can trust .
On some occasions , we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products , but we never allow this to bias our coverage .
The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real - world testing .
By Oana Lungescu
BBC News , Luxembourg
Uzbek troops have cracked down hard on dissent
The EU has lifted an arms embargo against Uzbekistan , despite continuing concerns about human rights in the Central Asian nation .
The embargo was imposed in 2005 , after Uzbek government troops killed more than 100 mainly unarmed opposition protesters in the city of Andijan .
EU foreign ministers said the aim was to further encourage the Uzbek authorities to improve human rights .
International human rights groups have strongly criticised the EU 's move .
The EU imposed sanctions on Uzbekistan in 2005 after the authorities rejected calls for an international inquiry into the events in Andijan .
The decision to lift the arms embargo comes after Uzbekistan released some political prisoners and abolished the death penalty .
But the country 's strategic position in Central Asia seems to have been the main argument , together with its rich energy resources and its support in supplying German troops in neighbouring Afghanistan .
EU foreign ministers said they remained seriously concerned about the human rights situation in Uzbekistan and would review it within a year .
They called on the Uzbek authorities to release all jailed human rights defenders , guarantee freedom of speech and fight child labour .
But groups like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International say the decision to end the sanctions fails not just the victims of Andijan and their families , but also dozens of human rights defenders and journalists who are still being harassed , tortured and detained today .
In what will be seen as a very unhelpful intervention to the debate on immigration by many church campaigners for the rights of migrants and refugees , the former Archbishop of Canterbury , George Carey , has called for a " clear cap " on population growth .
In comments given to today 's News of the World he blamed an “ open door policy on immigration ” for the rise of the British National Party .
He also blamed a failure to " absorb " new communities and called for immigration to take centre stage at the next general election .
Many church campaigners have been deliberately pursing an alternative strategy that would avoid the issue becoming a political football at the time of the election .
Carey told the News of the World : “ The cowardly failure of successive governments to address our open borders is the reason the BNP has gained admittance to the political mainstream .
“ With the latest estimate that our population will rise by nearly 10 million by 2030 , politicians are ducking the unpalatable truth : we are now one of the most over - populated countries in the world . ”
“ It is asking a huge amount of the British public to accept an open - door policy on immigration .
They have seen a massive influx of newcomers , they have seen their jobs hit , and they feel ignored .
There have not been adequate resources to help [ the ] community adapt to these massive changes .
" Yet it is not only a question of resources but the failure to absorb and integrate new communities .
The discredited policy of multiculturalism must be abandoned once and for all .
Now a controlled approach to immigration is needed with clear caps set on population growth .
If the mainstream parties begin listening to the voters , the BNP can be consigned again to the fringes .
" Make no mistake about it , immigration must be a major item on next year 's General Election agenda . "
His comments came as he also urged Christians to unite against the BNP 's claims to be a Christian party defending " Christian Britain . "
My two hands were tied up and I could n't move .
Then [ after arriving back in Jiangsu ] they put me inside a room where there were two women who stripped me of my clothes [ and ] beat my head [ and ] used their feet to stomp my body . "
At the beginning of November , a guard at a black jail pleaded guilty to raping a 20 - year - old woman from Anhui province in front of a dozen witnesses .
However , the court dismissed the charges against the " guesthouse " and two provincial liaison officials , according to the official China Daily newspaper .
Claim : John F. Kennedy triggered a precipitous decline in the sales of men’s hats by appearing hatless at his 1961 inauguration .
Status : False .
Examples :
[ Rooney , 1995 ]
The fedora has never made a comeback .
The big hat - makers never forgave John F. Kennedy for appearing at his inauguration bare - headed , thus permanently ruining their business by making hatless a popular style for men .
[ Menkes , 1994 ]
Now only two kinds of folk wear hats as a matter of course .
There are those over 70 who find it hard to break a habit drummed in since childhood .
They are the people who were shocked to the core when President Kennedy went bareheaded at his inauguration , ushering in a brave new hatless era .
[ Ryan , 1996 ]
He , like many others , credits the demise of the hat as everyday apparel to John F. Kennedy .
Before Mr. Kennedy , every President of the United States had worn a hat to his swearing - in ceremony .
Mr. Kennedy showed up hatless for his Inauguration in 1961 and the hat business was never the same again .
[ Edmands , 1999 ]
Why did hats come off ?
Folklore has it that after six years in uniform during the Second World War , young men had had enough of hats .
Then , the young John F Kennedy turned up for his inauguration as President on a bitterly cold January afternoon without a hat .
Origins : The “ John F. Kennedy killed the American hat industry ” legend is — like the “ Clark Gable killed the men ’s undershirt industry ” legend — an article of faith which has become an accepted “ fact ” through sheer repetition , rarely questioned by those who cite it .
Normally we ’d call for someone to produce statistics to demonstrate that men’s hat sales really declined sharply just after Kennedy ’s inauguration , and to demonstrate that Kennedy was not merely one of millions of American men following a trend that had actually begun before his inauguration .
In this case that call is n’t necessary , however , because the premise is flawed : Kennedy was n’t hatless at his inauguration , and we have to wonder whether all the journalists who attended the ceremony and now claim he was bare - headed were paying attention .
Kennedy wore the traditional silk topper all throughout his inaugural day , and the evidence that he did so is n’t hard to find .
According to the Washington Post ‘s contemporary coverage of the 1961 inaugural ceremonies , President - elect Kennedy was wearing a hat as he made the trip to the White House to meet with President Eisenhower prior to his swearing - in :
It was 10:55 when the Kennedys left their home at 3307 N. St. NW for their drive to the White House .
The soon - to - be President now had on his high silk hat and cutaway and his wife wore a beige suit and pillbox beige hat .
When Kennedy left the White House for the trip to Capitol Hill with outgoing president Eisenhower , both men clearly had top hats atop their heads :
Both men were still hatted as they arrived at the Capitol Building and made their way to the East Portico :
Once again according to the Washington Post ‘s coverage , Kennedy was wearing his hat as he arrived at the inaugural stand on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol :
It was 12:20 p.m. before the President - elect arrived on the inaugural stand for a ceremony that was supposed to start at noon .
His wife and Mrs. Eisenhower , Mrs. Nixon and Mrs. Johnson had taken their front - row seats seven minutes earlier .
It was 12:20 p.m. before the President - elect arrived on the inaugural stand for a ceremony that was supposed to start at noon .
His wife andandhad taken their front - row seats seven minutes earlier .
President Eisenhower had moved onto the scene at 12:09 as the United States Marine Band played “ Hail to the Chief , ” a piece he was hearing for the last time in his own honor .
When the outgoing President and his successor were finally seated alongside each other , they doffed their silk hats and began an animated conversation .
The silk hat Kennedy had just doffed is visible on the empty seat behind him as he delivers his inaugural address :
As the newly sworn - in 35th President of the United States arrives to take his place next to Vice - President Johnson on the reviewing stand for the inaugural parade , he ’s once again wearing his top hat :
The new president ’s head is still covered later that evening as he attends an inaugural ball at the Armory :
In fact , Kennedy actually revived an inaugural hat - wearing tradition .
President Harry S Truman and Vice - President Alben Barkley both donned the usual silk toppers for Truman ’s inauguration in 1949 :
But Truman ’s successor , Dwight D. Eisenhower , who frequently went hatless throughout his eight years in office , wore a homburg rather than top hat to his 1953 inauguration , and even that was little - seen by the crowds in Washington that day , according to the Washington Post :
Mr. Truman made another friendly gesture toward his successor .
He followed the other ’s lead , and instead of wearing the silk topper ordained by tradition he wore a black homburg .
Mr. Truman made another friendly gesture toward his successor .
He followed the other ’s lead , and instead of wearing the silk topper ordained by tradition he wore a black homburg .
Actually , the crowds along the Avenue saw little or nothing of the homburgs as the two men rode toward the Capitol , followed by Mrs. Truman , Mrs. Eisenhower and Miss Truman .
They rode bareheaded , chatted amiably and waved to the crowds .
It is true that Kennedy almost never wore a hat after becoming president , but his hatlessness was much more likely the continuation of a trend that had long since begun , not its origin .
Either way , the common claim that the shunning of hats by American men began because Kennedy declined to wear one to his inauguration is flat - out wrong .
Last updated : 27 September 2007
Sources :
Ambrose , Stephen E. Eisenhower : The President .
New York : Simon & Schuster , 1984 .
ISBN 0-671-49901-4 .
Faber , Harold .
The Kennedy Years .
New York : Viking Press , 1964 .
Folliard , Edward T. “ Ike Takes Helm in a ‘ Time of Tempest . ' ”
The Washington Post. 21 January 1953 ( p. A1 ) .
Folliard , Edward T. “ Kennedy Takes Oath as President . ”
The Washington Post. 21 January 1961 ( p. A1 ) .
Kunhardt Jr. , Philip B. LIFE in Camelot : The Kennedy Years .
Boston : Little , Brown , 1988 .
ISBN 0-316-21089-7 .
McCullough , David .
Truman .
New York : Touchstone Books , 1993 .
ISBN 0-671-86920-5 .
Mills , Judie .
John F. Kennedy .
New York : Franklin Watts , 1988 .
ISBN 0-531-10520-2 .
Reeves , Richard .
President Kennedy : Profile of Power .
Two teams of astronomers have found a planet outside the solar system that might be orbiting backwards compared to its star ’s rotation , a discovery that could shed light on how unique the relatively perfect alignment of our solar system is compared to that of other planetary systems .
By measuring the rotation of the parent star of HAT - P - 7b , a planet discovered in 2008 , the two teams , including one led by MIT assistant professor of physics Joshua Winn and the other by Norio Narita at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan , found that the orbit is tilted by at least 86 degrees with respect to the star ’s equator .
The drastic misalignment of the exoplanet , or planet outside our solar system , suggests that it is either rotating over both poles of its star or actually rotating backwards , a phenomenon that does not occur in our solar system and that could help explain why life thrives here .
More than 400 exoplanets have been discovered since 1995 thanks to large ground - based telescopes that have made it easier to observe such planets .
Their study is important because their diverse orbits provide evidence that can help astronomers better understand how planets form .
The popularity of studying exoplanets has revived stellar astronomy , the study of how stars form , which had taken a backseat to other fields like cosmology until recently , according to Adam Burrows , an astrophysicist at Princeton University .
But “ in order to understand the planets , we need to understand the stars , ” Burrows explained , noting that many planet properties evolved in terms of stellar parameters like masses , radii and spectra .
Because planet formation is understood in the context of star formation , planetary and stellar astronomy “ need each other , ” Burrows said .
The planets in our solar system are well - aligned and prograde , revolving in the same direction as that of their parent star , the sun .
For hundreds of years , astronomers have considered this pattern as a clue that the planets and sun formed from the same spinning disk of gas and dust .
They have assumed the same about other planetary systems , Winn said .
But recent developments in exoplanetary science suggest that exoplanets do not conform to previous theories of orbital evolution and may have developed in a manner entirely different from that of the solar system .
The study of exoplanets provides the context for understanding how unusual , or perhaps normal , the solar system is .
That there ’s life in our solar system could have something to do with the fact that its planets are aligned nearly perfectly with the sun .
Or perhaps this orderly alignment of planets is the norm , and it is the tilted exoplanet systems that are “ the weird oddballs , ” Winn explained .
The HAT - P - 7 b discovery is not the first exoplanet found to have a tilted orbit .
In February , Winn ’s team found another exoplanet with a tilt of 37 degrees .
But his latest discovery is “ by far the most drastic case of a misalignment ” ever found , according to Winn , whose research was published in a paper in the Astrophysical Journal in October .
In addition to Winn and Simon Albrecht , a postdoctoral fellow in Winn ’s group at MIT , the team included John Asher Johnson of the University of Hawaii ; Andrew Howard and Geoffrey Marcy of the University of California , Berkeley ; Ian Crossfield of the University of California , Los Angeles ; and Matthew Holman of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
The work was funded by the NASA Origins program .
Uncovering the oddball
Winn ’s team discovered the misalignment in July using the Japanese Subaru telescope in Hawaii .
To measure the angle of orbit of HAT - P - 7b , which is 1.4 times as wide and 1.8 times as massive as Jupiter and located about 1,000 light years away , it was necessary that it be an “ eclipsing ” planet , or one that passes in front of its sun from our perspective .
“ There are only about 60 eclipsing exoplanets known , and we ’ve just been making our way down the list , ” said Albrecht .
HAT - P - 7b is the 15th exoplanet measured by Winn and his colleagues as it eclipses .
The eclipsing exoplanet allows astronomers to rely on the Doppler shift phenomenon that creates subtle color changes measured by a high resolution spectograph when something moves , such as a rotating star .
When something moves toward us , it looks slightly bluer , and when it moves away from us , it looks slightly redder , Winn explained .
If an exoplanet ’s orbit happens to be viewed from just the right angle , so that the planet passes directly in front of the star once per orbit , then the planet blocks a small fraction of the starlight from reaching Earth .
This not only causes the star to appear dimmer , but also changes the spectrum of the star , which is the rainbow of colors you see when light passes through a prism .
According to Winn , if a planet is prograde , it first passes in front of the approaching or blue half of the star , and this causes a red shift in the observed starlight .
The planet then passes over the receding or red half of the star , causing a blue shift .
Winn ’s team observed the opposite pattern for HAT - P - 7 b .
“ First , we saw the starlight get bluer , and then redder , ” Albrecht said .
“ In all the other cases we ’ve looked at , the light got redder and then bluer .
This told us that from our vantage point on Earth , the HAT - P - 7 b star seems to rotate in the opposite direction as the revolution of its planet . ”
By measuring these changes , one can estimate the angle between the star ’s axis and the planet ’s orbit .
Winn ’s team estimates that angle is anywhere between at least 86 and 180 degrees .
This means the exoplanet is either orbiting its star ’s poles at about a 90 degree tilt , or it is rotating backwards along the star ’s equator at 180 degrees .
“ There is a large range of uncertainty because we have not measured the true angle between the orbit and the stellar equator .
Instead we can only measure the angle that we see from our perspective on Earth , ” Winn explained .
What remains unknown is how tilted the stellar rotation axis is with respect to our line of sight .
The Japanese team reported similar results in a paper published in the Publications of Astronomical Society of Japan Letters in October .
Explaining the misalignment
Because theorists are reluctant to abandon the theory that all planets and their stars form from a disk of the same material , they are focusing on the notion that the exoplanets formed in a “ normal ” orbit and somehow got tipped over , according to Winn .
One possibility is that multiple planets formed in what turned out to be an unstable configuration , with their gravity scrambling each other ’s orbits to some degree , giving way to “ something more chaotic with planets going every which way , ” Winn said .
Or perhaps there is a third object , such as an additional planet or a companion star , in the system whose gravity perturbs the orbit of the exoplanet and tilts it , a phenomenon known as the Kozai effect .
“ The goal is to figure out how frequently this happens to determine how unlikely our little corner of the galaxy may be , ” Winn said .
In August , a European team announced it had discovered a retrograde exoplanet known as WASP - 17 b , although the team ’s findings have not yet been published .
Adam Burrows predicts that HAT - P - 7 b will be highly scrutinized because it is one of the few exoplanets that can be seen by the NASA satellite Kepler and could help break open the field of stellar astronomy .
“ Years ago the field was in the doldrums , ” Burrows explained .
“ But now , because of these findings , the field is coming into its own again .
There is a renaissance , and this is in no small measure because of observers like Josh who have galvanized the subject . ”
When Galileo first turned his telescope to the sky , almost exactly 400 years ago , he could not possibly have known what he was starting .
Today , four centuries later , we 've come a long , long way .
To celebrate the anniversary of Galileo 's telescopic revolution , NASA 's Great Observatories -- Hubble , Spitzer , and Chandra -- have released a jaw - dropping mosaic of the very heart of the Milky Way galaxy .
Behold !
[ Oh yes , you want to click to embiggen that -- what I show here is a very compressed version .
Or you can go here for a massive copy .
You can also get wallpaper versions here . ]
This image is nothing less than a heroic effort of astronomical artistry .
It 's a chunk of the sky 38 x 14 arcminutes across , or about half the size of the full Moon , and it 's aimed right into the core of our galaxy .
See the bright spot just to the right of the center ?
Buried in there behind light years of dust and gas is the monster of the Milky Way , a black hole with four million times the mass of the Sun .
But even that is dwarfed by the 400 billion solar mass heft of the entire galaxy .
There is so much going on in this image it 's hard to know where to start .
But first ... the Hubble images are in the near - infrared , with a wavelength a little more than twice what the eye can see ( 1.87 microns for those playing at home ) .
That 's represented in the image as yellow .
Spitzer contributed observations in four infrared wavelengths ( 3.6 , 4.5 , 5.8 , and 8.0 microns ) , and those are depicted in red .
Chandra sees X - rays which are normally written as units of energy , but to remain consistent with the other two images , they were at wavelengths of 0.0005 , 0.00025 , and 0.00016 microns , and are shown in blue .
What does all this mean ?
Different objects emit light at different characteristic wavelengths .
Warm dust , for example , emits strongly in the infrared .
Stars and warm gas emit visible and near - infrared light .
Violently heated gas , affected by huge magnetic fields or shocked by colossal collisions glows in X - rays .
So this image is a polychromatic view of the crowded downtown region of a bustling city : our galaxy .
You might want to look at an annotated version of this image so you can get your bearings .
It 's worth it !
The huge arches of gas on the left are actually the edges of gigantic molecular clouds ( dense nebulae where stars are born ) , lit up by the torrential blast of light from a clutch of massive stars nearby .
This clot of stars , called the Arches Cluster due to the arcs it excites , can be seen as a small spot glowing blue just to the left of center in the picture .
Do n't be deceived by its diminutive appearance : the Arches cluster has thousands of superstars in it , each dwarfing our Sun , and each capable of sleeting out vast amounts of radiation that lights up the gas surrounding it .
Were this cluster much closer than its 25,000 + light year distance , it would blaze in our sky like a beacon .
Replace the Sun in our solar system with just one of those stars , and the Earth would be fried beyond the capability of any life to survive .
You might as well try living in the flame of an arc - welder .
Below and just to the left of the Arches is a clumpier , more twisted arc of gas called the Sickle .
That 's a giant cavity being carved out of dense gas by the Quintuplet cluster , the pinkish glow in its center .
It 's another nursery of stars like the Arches cluster , which is also blasting out light and stellar winds which eat away at the gas enveloping it .
The Pistol Star resides there , perhaps one of the most massive stars in the Milky Way .
And there 's more !
The blue glow on the left is from an X - ray binary called 1E1743.1 - 2834 , what is probably a massive star being orbited by either a neutron star or a black hole .
Matter is being stripped from the star and piling up outside the collapsed companion , where it gets heated up to millions of degrees and emits X - rays .
Supernovae remnants dot the image , as do stars , filaments of gas , clouds of dust , and more .
This picture is an astronomer 's dream , a map of everything someone might want to visit with a starship -- as long as the shields are at full strength .
This image is also a map of violence , turbulence , and unrest ... a typical scene , so we think , of any normal spiral galaxy like ours .
And our Galaxy 's center is considered quiet by astronomers !
Some are far worse .
But this is home for us .
It 's a place of unimaginable fury but also astonishing beauty ... and we see it now as we do because we have dared to examine the world around us , to use tools we invent to peer closer , to magnify the tiny , to extend our eyes into realms we once did n't even know existed .
And every time we do -- every single time -- we find more questions , more puzzles , more things to examine .
And we find art .
Galileo was n't the first to turn his telescope to the sky , nor was he the first to record what he saw .
But he was the one who made everyone see what he did , and for that , all these years later , he is owed a debt of gratitude .
High school students hate history .
When they list their favorite subjects , history always comes in last .
They consider it the most irrelevant of twenty - one school subjects ; bo - o - o - oring is the adjective most often applied .
In response , he has written Lies My Teacher Told Me , in part a telling critique of existing books but , more importantly , a wonderful retelling of American history as it should - and could - be taught to American students .
Beginning with pre-Columbian American history and ranging over characters and events as diverse as Reconstruction , Helen Keller , the first Thanksgiving , and the My Lai massacre , Loewen supplies the conflict , suspense , unresolved drama , and connection with current - day issues so appallingly missing from textbook accounts .
1. Winterproof your bike
To help your steed cope with gritted roads and grimy puddles , you need to prepare it for the horrors ahead .
Clean it properly and then apply an all - weather lubricant to the chain and any other parts where metal meets metal .
Do n't go mad .
The oil should not drip and must under no circumstances must it touch your brake pads or wheel rims .
2 . Get lights
With the rapidly decreasing number of daylight hours , a good set of lights is more important than ever .
Any brand will do , just check the running time and avoid any that use expensive , awkwardly shaped batteries .
Knog lights are very popular , and clip straight onto most bikes without fiddly brackets ( knog.com.au ) .
You can also get flashing pedals such as those made by Pedalite ( pedalite.com ) .
3 . Fit mudguards
Many bike snobs would sooner cycle naked than sully their bike 's geometry with a pair of mudguards , but we 'll leave them to their boneheaded idiocy .
A good pair of mudguards will give you a far better chance of turning up at your destination looking vaguely respectable .
If you do n't want to fix permanent guards , get so - called racing guards , which are shorter and clip on and off using rubber straps .
I like Topeak Defender guards , which cost around £ 36 for a pair .
Avoid the " crud catcher " types for mountain bikes which sit high above your back tyre : they are good for deflecting big lumps of mud but will do next to nothing to keep you dry on your commute .
Some bikes , usually hybrids and " sit-up-and - beg " Dutch - style models , can also fit skirt guards and chain guards , which will keep you even cleaner and drier .
4 . Get some good gloves
This is a must .
You do n't necessarily need proper cycling gloves – I had some lovely fur - lined leather gloves that served me well – but avoid wool , as it slips on the handlebars , and get something waterproof .
Mittens are unhelpful for gear - changing and braking , but in a gloveless emergency during a cold snap , anything will do .
Even socks .
5 . Get a cycle - friendly winter coat
This does not have to be a day - glo cagoule .
Look for something breathable which covers your bum when you lean forward and wo n't get heavy and soggy in the rain .
French firm Do You Velo ?
makes lovely cycling trenches for both sexes ( doyouvelo.com ) , and young London designer Anna Glowinski has just produced some very stylish ladies jackets in a shower proof " softshell " material with designerly pleats and ruffles ( ananichoola.co.uk ) .
Cyclodelic has come up with some funky women 's jackets too .
You could get a cape if you do n't mind looking as though you are wearing a tent .
If you want to keep your thighs try , consider strapping on a set of Rain Legs , which are made out of a water - and windproof parachute material ( rainlegs.co.uk ) .
6 . Keep your feet warm
If you are going to be doing long rides , or anticipate a lot of rainy cycling , buy some waterproof overshoes .
Cyclists rather embarrassingly refer to these as " booties " , but do n't let that put you off : they really will keep your feet warm and dry .
They are generally made out of Neoprene , a wetsuity sort of material , and just slip over your ordinary shoes .
If you wear proper cycling shoes , they have holes for your cleats .
You could also investigate the TWOnFRO reflective spats from Cyclechic.co.uk , which keep feet and lower leg dry in a downpour .
7 . Be visible
Again , you do n't have to dress in head - to - toe luminous yellow , but wearing something light and reflective is a really good idea on the long winter nights .
You could get a cheap reflective sash or tabard to sling over your ordinary coat , or consider something a little more playful , such as the Hello Sailor nautical collars from the wonderful Bobbin bikes ( bobbinbicycles.co.uk ) .
Designers are being increasingly creative , with Dashing Tweeds incorporating a reflective weave in its cycling suits and capes , which look normal by day but dazzling by night ( dashingtweeds.co.uk ) .
8. Carry a plastic bag
It 's no fun getting a wet bottom , so put a plastic bag over your saddle to protect it when you lock your bike up outside .
Alternatively , pay £ 10 for a floral saddle cover from Bobbin .
9 . Enjoy the emptier streets
With the fair - weather cyclists back on the buses , enjoy your ride with far less of that stress of jostling for position at the lights .
And remember it 'll be far easier now to find a parking space .
10 .
Know when to admit defeat
There is no point stubbornly cycling just to prove to the world ( which really does n't care ) that you are hardy .
In the Great Snow Fall earlier this year , I was so determined not to be a wuss that I insisted on cycling to work .
I skidded and fell off before even reaching the end of my road .
A US Deputy Assistant Attorney - General , who said he was on his lunch break when an officer found him with a stripper and sex toys in his sport utility vehicle , has been fired , his boss said .
Roland Corning , 66 , a former state legislator , was in a secluded part of a downtown cemetery in Columbia , South Carolina , when an officer spotted him on Monday , according to a police report .
As the officer approached , Mr Corning sped off , then pulled over a few blocks away .
He and the 18 - year - old woman with him , an employee of the Platinum Plus Gentleman 's Club , gave conflicting stories about what they were doing in the cemetery , Officer Michael Wines wrote in his report , though he did not elaborate .
Mr Corning gave Officer Wines a badge showing he worked for the state Attorney - General 's Office .
Officer Wines , whose wife also works there , called her to make sure Mr Corning was telling the truth .
I ’ll Have One Moon , Sunny - Side Up , Hold the Government
From an article just published by William Cullerne Bown in New Scientist , I quote :
“ LAST week , NASA bombed the moon .
Or rather , it crashed its Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite into the moon ’s south pole in a bid to discover reserves of water and other resources .
“ This was the latest in a veritable flurry of moon missions : between 2007 and 2011 there will have been eight : one from Japan , two from China , one from India , one from Russia and three from the US .
“ The race back to the moon has been prompted by the realisation that exploiting it may now be within reach .
And it poses the question : who gets to use the moon ’s recoverable resources , such as oxygen or water ? ”
This , looking into the future , has staggering ramifications .
For the answer to Bown ’s question should be any genuinely private interests who possess or can raise the capital to get there and put them to use – not governments , with their stolen tax revenues and war - making militaries .
Indeed , the last century has seen several governments – most predominantly those of Britain , Norway , and America – lay claim to various parts of Antarctica .
And while those outposts are used for peaceful scientific research under international treaty , those same treaties prevent the use of antarctic resources for anything other than such .
And , as above , they are all financed by taxes taken from people across the world at gunpoint .
But while Antarctica is a terrestrial body , it is merely a continent .
The moon is a separate celestial body altogether .
It will require more capital and technology to get there and stay there , granted .
But once there , it is not only possible that there will be oxygen and water , but also metal ores and other raw materials useful for construction and other purposes .
And since the moon is a very convenient , much lower gravity launching pad to the outer planets ( and perhaps beyond ) , it also has obvious military potential .
Place a few nukes on the moon ( or even long - range conventional missiles ) along with permanently manned bases , and you ’re riding high in the global government power play .
Here ’s another possible consideration :
Ham radio operators and other communications systems have used the moon ’s surface for years to bounce signals off of , turning it into a true natural satellite .
Will future technologies be used by various governments to detect , track , and then tax these signal when terra luna is used for this purpose ?
Will only government vessels – in certain regions , or in all of them – be permitted to travel and land on the moon ?
The possibilities for scullduggery , of course , are nearly endless .
Again , would it not be both safer and better that the moon be colonized and its resources utilized by both pre-existing and cottage industries that form the entire basis of a voluntary free market .
I ’m thinking mining , scientific R & D , tourism – is n’t that a better lunar future than the violent monopolization of another world by governments and government - allied “ crony capitalists ” ?
Does n’t the immense potential , or even necessity , of human space colonization demand that we solve our most serious social problems immediately by abolishing government ?
Bown finishes his piece with this quote :
“ When I put these ideas to David Parker , head of space science and exploration at the British National Space Centre , he called them Machiavellian .
Perhaps he should recall that Machiavelli ’s Prince is the ultimate guide to realpolitik . ”
Yes , indeed , Mr. Bown .
Yes indeed .
The message on the British Humanist Association poster
The group behind a controversial atheist bus -poster campaign is urging parents not to label their children with their own religious faith .
The British Humanist Association ( BHA ) has launched a series of billboard advertisements in capital cities .
The posters are part of a campaign to challenge state - funded faith schools .
But a representative of the Christian Schools Trust questioned who would " fill the vacuum " if parents did not pass on their fundamental beliefs .
Professor Richard Dawkins , who has part - funded the BHA campaign in London , Edinburgh , Cardiff and Belfast , says labelling children as " religious " is a form of brainwashing .
The posters show one or two young children surrounded by religious labels , such as Catholic , Muslim and Hindu , mixed with secular descriptions including Marxist and anarchist .
The advert 's slogan says : " Please do n't label me .
Let me grow up and choose for myself . "
' Freedom ' Campaign supporters hope the posters will discourage people from assuming that children share their parents ' beliefs .
Last January a £ 140,000 advertising campaign was launched by the BHA on buses and the London Underground with the message : " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . "
Ariane Sherine , who had the idea for the bus and Tube campaign , said : " One of the issues raised again and again by donors to the campaign was the issue of children having the freedom to grow up and decide for themselves what they believe .
" I hope this poster campaign will encourage the government , media and public to see children as individuals , free to make their own choices , and accord them the liberty and respect they deserve . "
The BHA said the billboards were going up to coincide with Universal Children 's Day on Friday .
Graham Coyle , a teacher and national team leader at the Christian Schools Trust , which represents 43 independent schools , questioned what the BHA was asking parents to do .
" They seem to be saying that they do n't want parents to pass on to their children their fundamental beliefs - about what is right and wrong , about respect for other people and living in harmony , " he said .
" If that is what they are saying then they are asking parents to abrogate their responsibilities .
And if parents do n't pass on these beliefs who is going to fill the vacuum ?
" To say that we are labelling our children by passing on our fundamental values is mistaken . "
He added : " If a humanist says to his child ' I do n't believe in God ' then he is making a statement and passing on that belief . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TUCSON - A Pima County Sheriff 's deputy was fired Wednesday after rolling his patrol vehicle and authorities say he showed signs of impairment following the crash .
Authorities say Daniel M. Williams was off duty and wearing civilian clothing , but was driving his marked patrol vehicle at the time of the 4 a.m. rollover on Arizona 86 near Kitt Peak .
County officials say they will pursue civil remedies against the former deputy to recover the costs of the damaged vehicle and equipment .
Authorities say Williams was taken to University Medical Center where a blood sample was obtained and will be sent to the state Department of Public Safety for analysis .
If Williams was impaired , they say the case will be sent to the county Attorney 's Office to determine if charges will be filed .
Williams worked for the Sheriff 's Department for little more than a year and was assigned to the Ajo District .
The department declined to discuss why Williams was terminated other than to say he failed to meet " end of probation standards . "
Note : This was posted in 2012 .
Tanking got us the 2013 Unanimous R.O.Y Damian Lillard !
Tanking is awesome !
Last night , was a personal low for me as a Po ’ Zers fan .
With only a few games remaining in the 2012 season , I was excited to see our team face off against the # 1 team in the West .
The 2012 Spurs have surpassed everyone ’s expectations with their cruise into the post season .
This was an excellent chance for our young roster to play upset and gain momentum for next season .
After the first quarter , the Po’ Zers were down by 13 points .
So , I decided to watch something more basketball related than what I was currently watching , “ Khloe and Lamar : Lamar vs. Lakers . ”
The Trailblazers started to tank the season on March 15th , 2012
Marcus Camby for Hasheem Thabeet , Johnny Flynn and the Rockets 2012 2 nd round draft pick
round draft pick Gerald Wallace for Mehmet Okur , Shawne Williams and the Nets 2012 1 st round draft pick
round draft pick Waived Greg Oden
Waived Chris Johnson
Fired Nate McMillan
When I learned we had lost two starters for garbage , I could n’t believe it .
My diehard Po ’Zers fan explained to me how big those draft picks are .
News outlets would share the same sentiment , “ It ’s all about the ping pong balls . ”
Dumping Greg
Oden felt like a huge weight had been lifted off my knees .
As cursed as we are , we did n’t need Bowie 2.0 lurking in the shadows .
However , firing Nate McMillan ended up being the best decision all day .
As we all know , Nate McMillan sucks .
You think you like McMillan , because he ’s been around for so many years , but all he does is lose .
He can win with losers , but he ca n’t win with winners .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Russian fork lift truck driver has been caught on camera crashing into shelves filled with vodka at a warehouse in Moscow .
The crash destroyed £ 100,000 worth of alcohol .
The driver escaped with a minor leg injury .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger hopes his team can overcome what promises to be a tricky November .
Gunners boss expecting tough month
Fixtures
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger hopes his team can overcome what promises to be a tricky November .
Wenger 's side are currently five points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea with a game in hand , and the title rivals clash at the Emirates Stadium later in the month .
The Gunners usually suffer a blip in form during November , but have so far started well after two 4 - 1 wins against Wolves and AZ Alkmaar .
Wenger is hoping to extend Arsenal 's run of 13 games unbeaten in all competitions , but realises recent history suggests they are about to go on a poor spell .
" Traditionally November has not been a good month for us , " he said .
" But I explain that by the fact we had more injuries - it is the first period when they kick in .
" It depends on the fixtures too - you can have two or three difficult games in November .
You have decisive games in the Champions League and the players go on international duty .
" Now we have that break and all the players fly away so let 's hope they all fly back in good shape .
" After that we go to Sunderland ( on 21st November ) and that is always a difficult place to go .
" Between the Sunderland and Chelsea games , Arsenal host Standard Liege in the UEFA Champions League , before a Carling Cup tie against Manchester City at the beginning of December .
Young midfielder Jack Wilshere , who is currently out with an ankle problem , hopes to make his comeback in the City game , after a frustrating spell on the sidelines .
" I picked up my injury in training but I should be back for the Manchester City game , " he told the club's .
" It will be good to play against Manchester City and I hope they play a full team .
" We will go there and believe we can win and hopefully we can .
I think now we are into the last eight it is realistic for us to win the trophy .
" I think we can beat Manchester City and if we do then the competition will be wide open .
We can go all the way . "
For the first time in a decade , Beijing on Thursday will showcase its latest armored vehicles , ballistic missiles and fighter jets in a demonstration of military ambition meant to befit the nation ’s economic rise .
The display of hardware -- part of the government ’s 60th anniversary celebrations -- will no doubt stoke national pride .
But it ’s also a chance for China to show an international audience that the world ’s third - largest economy is investing heavily in military technology , a strategic sector that Beijing believes will strengthen its regional security and global influence .
Expected to be on display is a new generation of missiles that could potentially strike American naval ships and pound Taiwanese soil from the Chinese mainland .
It is the product of two decades of enhanced military spending aimed at overhauling a woefully inefficient and technologically challenged fighting force .
“ They have been focusing on catching up in areas where the technological disparity has been the greatest , and cultivating pockets of excellence within ” the People ’s Liberation Army , said David Yang , a political scientist at Rand Corp .
“ That said , the PLA is a massive , even ponderous , organization , and its professionalization and modernization will remain an arduous process for years . ”
Advertisement
With 2.3 million members , the Chinese army is the largest standing army in the world .
Beijing has spent years trying to overcome the army ’s long - held image as a poorly equipped force consisting mostly of rural enlistees .
The army lacks combat experience , having last engaged in a major conflict in 1979 with Vietnam .
Earlier this year , officials announced heavy recruitment of college graduates .
More important , Beijing has increased military spending each year by double - digit percentages .
China ’s official military budget was $ 70.3 billion this year , up sharply from $ 14.6 billion in 2000 , according to Washington - based GlobalSecurity.org .
Chinese state media have trumpeted the fact that almost all the new weaponry to be unveiled at the parade was domestically produced , a major leap from the days when China was almost totally reliant upon the Soviet Union for sophisticated armaments .
China ’s fighting capabilities were not nearly as advanced 10 years ago , the last time the country celebrated its national anniversary with a military parade .
“ This year ’s display should signal a more balanced relationship between military might and economic development with the showing off of a range of new equipment that is at least one to two generations more advanced , ” said Tai Ming Cheung , a Chinese military expert at UC San Diego .
Advertisement
Regional powers including Japan , South Korea and India are undoubtedly paying attention .
China ’s military policy traditionally has been focused on preventing Taiwan from achieving formal independence .
But China has become an active weapons exporter , and watchdogs including Amnesty International have criticized it for supplying arms to countries with poor human rights records such as Sudan and Myanmar .
With its expansion onto the global stage , China feels more empowered to secure its borders and defend its shipping routes carrying oil supplies , analysts said .
Beijing has also bristled at American surveillance activity off its coast , resulting in standoffs this year .
“ A threat is really two parts : capability and intentions , ” said Mark Stokes , executive director of the Project 2049 Institute , which promotes international security .
“ We ’re learning about China ’s capability .
Intentions are not clear at this point . ”
Chinese military officials have sought to downplay suggestions that the country is engaging in saber rattling by parading its military arsenal .
Advertisement
“ A country ’s military ability is not a threat to anyone .
What is important is its military policy , ” Gen. Gao Jianguo said .
Part of that growing ability to be showcased will be the Dong Hai 10 cruise missile , a land attack weapon ; the Dong Feng 31 , an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of hitting Washington with a nuclear warhead ; and the Dong Feng 21 , designed in part to be able to knock out U.S. ships defending Taiwan .
In total , 108 missiles are scheduled to roll past the rostrum at Tiananmen Square during the 66 - minute parade .
They will be complemented by 5,000 soldiers and 150 aircraft , including an “ early warning and control ” aircraft to detect enemy planes , as well as China ’s latest - generation J - 10 fighter jets .
The technology has proved to be a moneymaker , leading some observers to believe the showcase involves an element of marketing .
China sold $ 264 million worth of its military aircraft last year to allies such as Pakistan , according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute .
Advertisement
China was the world ’s ninth - largest arms exporter last year , with $ 468 million in sales , according to the institute .
That pales in comparison with the $ 6.1 billion sold by the U.S. in 2008 .
China ’s sales could be higher , however , because of unreported sales of arms and military technology .
Over the summer , residents of Beijing were given a preview of this week ’s parade .
Streets were periodically shut down and some pockets of airspace temporarily closed to commercial aircraft to allow tanks , planes and helicopters to rehearse .
On a recent weekday , Zhuang Yu , a 21 - year - old tourist from Shaanxi province , was watching video of past military parades at a Chinese Communist Party memorabilia store located at the entrance of a public toilet at the southwest end of Tiananmen Square .
“ The news of this year ’s parade makes you feel like the country is becoming stronger , ” she said .
“ Maybe foreigners get nervous when they see so many soldiers and tanks .
But I think it makes most Chinese feel safer . ”
Advertisement
--
david.pierson@latimes.com
Tommy Yang in The Times ’ Beijing bureau contributed to this report .
The latest read from Fitch indicates continued worsening , in November , across a range of commercial real estate types , with the worst pain being felt in office real estate .
--------
Fitch Ratings - NY - 16 November 2009 : Job losses and subsequent office loan
defaults , coupled with continued hotel underperformance , resulted in
another monthly increase in U.S. CMBS delinquencies , according to the
latest index results from Fitch Ratings .
U.S. CMBS late - pays rose again in October , up 28 basis points ( bps ) to
3.86 % .
The office sector had the highest increase in delinquencies since
September ; with 19.4 % additional delinquencies followed by hotels , with
a 16.5 % increase .
Delinquency rates for all major property types are as follows :
-- Office : 2.29 % ;
-- Hotel : 6.81 % ;
-- Retail : 3.55 % ;
-- Multifamily : 6 % ;
-- Industrial : 3.09 % .
Office delinquencies increased $ 557.4 million in October 2009 .
Contributing to the increase were three newly delinquent loans greater
than $ 50 million , the largest of which was 550 South Hope Street , a $ 165
million loan in GSMSC 2007 - GG10 .
The loan transferred to the special
servicer in August 2009 after the borrower , Maguire Properties , stated
that it would no longer fund the debt service shortfalls .
Cash flow from
the property has not increased to the banker ’s underwritten expectations
at issuance as lease expirations are not yielding the higher assumed
rental rates .
‘ Though longer leases on office properties have historically mitigated
sharp changes in performance , continued job losses are expected to
increase pressure on the office sector , ’ said Managing Director and U.S .
CMBS group head , Susan Merrick .
‘ With the looming possibility of leases
expiring on space under -utilized by companies that have downsized ,
office performance may not reach a trough for a few years ’ .
However , it should be noted that even with the increase in October , the
office sector has the lowest delinquency rate currently at 2.29 % .
OpenMoko's WikiReader is a unique gadget with a single function .
The simple handheld device stores the text of over 3 million Wikipedia entries , enabling convenient offline access to the popular Internet encyclopedia .
We have conducted some hands - on testing with the new product and found it to be surprisingly compelling despite its limitations .
OpenMoko , a FIC spin - off that was originally founded with the ambitious goal of building a completely open source smartphone handset , began developing the WikiReader this year after significant financial and technical challenges forced the company to discontinue phone development .
The WikiReader was announced to the public last month and is available for purchase for $ 99 from the company 's website .
WikiReader Manufacturer OpenMoko Price $ 99 Shop Ars
The WikiReader weighs in at 4.5 oz and is roughly 4x4 inches .
The small device fits easily in a pocket and can be used comfortably with one hand .
Its 3.5 inch monochrome touchscreen display operates at a resolution of 240x208 .
Three physical buttons below the touchscreen provide quick access to the device 's primary features .
The power button is on the top right edge of the device 's shell .
The Wikireader is powered by two AAA batteries which are said to last for roughly 12 months of regular use .
When the WikiReader is turned on , it will briefly show a logo and then provide users with immediate access to its on - screen keyboard .
The entire startup process takes less than two seconds .
Delivering immediate access to content is one of the WikiReader 's strengths and a key advantage of using a dedicated device for Wikipedia .
The touchscreen keyboard allows the user to type in the name of the entry that they wish to read .
As the user types , the WikiReader will display a list of entries with titles that match the characters that have been inputted so far .
For example , when I type " ars t " the device will list Ars Technica and Ars Theurgia Goetia as matching entries .
The user can tap one of the entries on the touchscreen to read it .
The keyboard can be invoked at any time by pressing the " search " button on the device .
It 's worth noting , however , that the search feature is not like the one on the Wikipedia website — it wo n't let you search for a term in the text content of entries .
The WikiReader lists possible entries based on the text you enter
The entry content is displayed with simple formatting and no images .
The title and heading text is displayed with larger font .
Italics and bulleted lists are supported , but bold is not .
Links to other entries are underlined and can be tapped to load the associated entry .
Although the WikiReader generally handles text formatting well , I noticed a few bugs in various entries .
Bulleted lists that have complex nested hierarchies appear to be particularly problematic .
An example of this can be seen with the taxonomical classification list on the entry about monkeys .
The text that follows this list has distorted alignment .
The WikiReader 's screen can fit roughly one paragraph of text at a time .
Users can scroll through the text by dragging a finger vertically across the touchscreen .
While the user is dragging , a small scrollbar indicator will appear on the right - hand side to indicate the length of the entry and the user 's position in it .
The touchscreen is capacitive and will only respond to actual finger contact , not a stylus or fingernail .
Regular scrolling works well for reading , but the device does n't provide an easy way to jump up and down in an entry .
Support for kinetic scrolling would be a welcome enhancement for faster movement within an individual entry .
The WikiReader 's navigation model is simple but effective .
In addition to the " search " button , which is used to invoke the keyboard , the device has a " history " button that will display a list of recently viewed entries and a " random " button that will show a randomly selected entry .
When an entry is selected from the history list , it will start at exactly the same scroll position where it was when the user left it .
This is useful because it makes it easy to switch quickly between multiple entries , much as you would with tabbed browsing on the desktop .
Entries load very quickly , so there is virtually no lag .
In general , the entire device is highly responsive .
The on - screen keyboard is mediocre , but it 's tolerable because very little text input is required .
The keys are small and positioned very close to each other , creating the probability that you will hit the wrong key .
I ended up using the backspace key a lot .
The keys are arranged in a standard QWERTY configuration with one in the bottom right corner allowing you to toggle between the letter keys and numbers and symbols .
When you select an entry from the list of search results , your query will be retained and will still be there when you click the search button again .
This is useful because it makes it easy to go back and select a different entry if you chose the wrong one from the search results list .
It 's frustrating in some cases , like when you want to search for something different , because you will have to use backspace to delete the current query .
It would be nice if the device had a button on the search screen for clearing the current query .
In order to conserve energy and extend its battery life , the WikiReader will automatically turn itself off when it is left idle .
It never turned itself off while I was actually reading , so the idle timer is set to a reasonable duration .
When you turn it back on , you can use the history button to get back to where you were last time you used it .
The WikiReader 's screen readability is acceptable , but not ideal .
Limited contrast and glare from the reflective display make it difficult to read the text at some angles and with certain lighting conditions .
The text is crisp and clear when you have the device angled so that an ambient light source is hitting it directly .
In rooms with ceiling lights , this means holding it almost flat .
At other angles , it was somewhat difficult to see the text .
The readability issues are not a dealbreaker , but will be annoying to those of us who are accustomed to the clarity of color LCDs .
The screen on the WikiReader is comparable to classic monocrhome displays like that of the original Gameboy or Palm Pilot .
The WikiReader 's software platform is open source and available for download from GitHub .
It uses a modified version of GCC that has been customized to cross -compile code for the device 's Epson S1C33E07 microcontroller .
The software is loaded directly from the micro-SD card that also stores the Wikipedia content .
The card slot is located in the battery compartment .
If you put your own cross -compiled binary on a micro-SD card and name it KERNEL .ELF , the device will automatically attempt to load it on startup .
This means that you can write a custom software environment for the WikiReader without having to overwrite the flash memory .
The software platform also comes with a FORTH interpreter that can run several small programs that are stored on the SD card .
To access these programs , you hold the " random " button down while you turn on the device .
It will display a menu of the FORTH programs and allow you to run one of them by tapping it on the touchscreen .
The apps that are shipped on the SD card include a simple drawing program and a calculator .
There are also a few diagnostic utilities for performing various kinds of tests .
The WikiReader is an intriguing product with an intuitive interface .
People who already have a smartphone are obviously not the target market , but the device offers a lot of value for users who do not have constant connectivity .
I think that $ 99 is a bit steep for what you get , especially when you look at the PMP market where you can increasingly find more functional multipurpose devices at a comparable price .
The WikiReader has an advantage over those in battery life , however .
If the cost does n't put you off , I think it 's a pretty compelling device that is enjoyable to use .
Judge ’s quote : Professor Andrea Pfeifer , CEO , AC Immune “ Mikkel Vestergaard Frandsen is an audacious thinker guiding his company with a unique Humanitarian Entrepreneurship business model , whose ‘ profit for a purpose ’ approach has turned humanitarian responsibility into its core business .
Mikkel innovates directly for the developing world and thinks of the user as a consumer and not a patient or victim .
His disease control products and concepts have a tremendous impact in saving the lives of the poor and help revolutionising health management .
His vision , work and positive business attitude make him an outstanding example of what The Economist ’s Innovation Awards intend to recognise and encourage . ”
Winner ’s quote : Mikkel Vestergaard Frandsen , CEO of Vestergaard Frandsen S.A.
“ My involvement with this award began when I conceived of a campaign to offer bed nets for malaria prevention and water filters to prevent waterborne diseases as an incentive for participation in a voluntary HIV testing and counselling campaign , demonstrating that an integrated response to these humanitarian challenges is far more powerful than separate efforts .
After fully funding the one - week campaign we built with our partners that reached 50,000 rural Kenyans , we oversaw scientific research documenting its scalability .
Scientific papers will show the CarePack™ campaign can reach even larger numbers of people in a short period of time to maximise donor investments in global public health . ”
Boilerplate Statements
Want more from The Economist ?
Join over 65,000 readers already following us on Twitter : http://twitter.com/theeconomist
Text ALERT to 80801 to receive a free text message from The Economist each Thursday afternoon highlighting the key global issues on the cover of that week ’s edition before anywhere else .
Or receive weekly emails each Friday morning letting you know , in more detail , what ’s in the new Economist .
Please email ukpressoffice@economist.com .
About The Economist ( www.economist.com)
The Economist is published each Friday in the UK and is available from newsagents and on subscription .
With four million readers from almost every country on the planet , and editorial offices on every continent , The Economist is truly a global publication .
The paper includes sections on each international region , plus Science and Technology , Books and Arts , and the weekly obituary .
For profiles of our journalists , please visit www.economist.com/mediadirectory/.
About The Economist Innovation Awards ( www.economistinnovation.com)
The Economist was established in 1843 to take part in a " severe contest between intelligence , which presses forward , and an unworthy , timid ignorance obstructing our progress " .
One of the chief ways in which intelligence presses forward is through innovation , which is now recognised as one of the most important contributors to economic growth .
Innovation , in turn , depends on the creative individuals who dream up new ideas and turn them into reality .
The Economist recognises these talented individuals through our annual Innovation Awards .
Tom Standage , The Economist ’s Business Editor , talks about Mikkel Vestergaard Frandsen ’s winning entry :
http://www.economistconferences.co.uk/innovation/socialeconomicaward
Social media and online :
Twittter : @Economist_Innov ( # ECIS09 )
LinkedIn : http://www.linkedin.com/groups?home=&gid=2014321&trk=anet_ug_hm
Web : www.economistinnovation.com
Following our posts last week concerning the lawsuit against iPhone game developer Storm8 that alleged they used private API 's to violate user privacy by collecting their phone numbers , the developer , Storm8 , contacted TiPb with their side of the story :
I just saw your post on the iPhone blog that discusses Storm 8 and the Unity games issue , and I wanted to make sure that you saw the statement that we put out to our users outlining the proactive steps we ’ve taken to address concerns so it can inform your coverage .
This includes updating the applications in August so that current game versions do not download , store or use iPhone telephone numbers when a game is opened .
They further pointed us to a statement they issued on their community forum .
If this issue concerns you , take a read and let us know what you think .
[ Updated : Storm8 did n't use the Unity - engine , just private ]
November 11 , 2009
NASA ’s David Morrison , expert on Earth impact hazards and currently Interim Director of the NASA Lunar Science Institute , speaks on what are the risks to Earth in 2012 .
He addresses misconceptions related to the year 2012 , Earth crossing objects , planetary alignment , and related myths like Nibiru .
Morrison is a CSI fellow and regular contributor to Skeptical Inquirer .
Related articles by David Morrison :
Mike also sat down with Orion Samuelson after the speech to talk about his impressions of the speech and about his new role ( if somewhat unexpected by him ) as an advocate and spokesman for animal and production agriculture .
Mike has seen agriculture first hand and understands that the nice talk behind groups like HSUS and PETA has no basis in fact .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Nico Rosberg has been announced as Mercedes Grand Prix 's first driver for the 2010 season .
The signing of the 24 - year - old German has been expected ever since he confirmed in October that he would not remain with Williams for a fifth straight season .
" I am really happy to be a part of the Silver Arrows re-launch in 2010 as a driver for Mercedes , " said Rosberg .
" No other brand in Formula 1 can look back on such a long and successful tradition in motor racing .
I am very proud that I will now drive for the new Mercedes team and work with Ross Brawn .
" I am more motivated than ever and can hardly wait to start testing with the new Silver Arrow and for the first race of the new season at Bahrain in March . "
Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn , who guided the squad to drivers ' and constructors ' titles this year under the guise of Brawn GP , believes that Rosberg is the ideal driver to join the team for 2010 .
" We are delighted to welcome Nico to our Mercedes team and are very much looking forward to working with him , " he said .
" Nico is a great talent , and with four years of experience in Formula 1 , is a driver who will be able to make a valuable contribution to our team right from the outset .
" I had the pleasure of working with his father Keke during his Formula One career and it is great to see Nico following in his footsteps .
" 2009 was Nico 's best season in Formula 1 to date and we look forward to seeing his development continue with us at Mercedes next year . "
Rosberg 's team - mate is expected to be fellow German Nick Heidfeld , although no announcement has been made .
Web Design Trainings and Tutorials from around the world
Web design is a huge industry .
We are in the middle of the digital age .
Everyone and anyone want a website .
But more than wanting a site , many Brisbane based businesses actually need an online presence .
A good web design is vital to this end .
Because of this , many people are looking to get their share of the pie and enrolling in website design trainings .
Advantages Of Acquiring Other Web Hosting Companies in Australia
Web hosting is a necessity in today ’s age of digital marketing and online reach .
When you have your website hosted on the Internet , you are in partnership with your Australian web hosting service provider to ensure better customer service , faster responses and a secure website .
A web hosting service provider has a huge and important contribution in the success of your website .
Website downtime , delay in opening web pages , slow database speed , etc. are major problems , which clients might face with a particular service provider .
Apart from this , there can be factors like cost , customer service and problem resolution , size discrepancies , and degradation of services , which can prompt a client to think about a switching to a different service provider .
Web hosting providers in Australia need to address these parameters to ensure their business growth and sustainability .
While some of these can be addressed readily , some need organisational changes , including mergers and acquisitions .
The same goes for web hosting companies in the UK by the way , once a UK web host gets big enough , chances are it ’ll be bought by an even bigger provider , which unfortunately results in an increase in sites per ip , lack of support … but on the other hand , cheaper prices .
Just keep this in mind the next time you search for the cheapest web hosting in the UK , it might not be the host you actually need , or want !
A web hosting company basically has a designated server with huge amount of space , which can hold a large amount of data .
They have different packages , with different prices and features .
When you choose a package , they provide you with space on the server to host your website , including security and integrity of your data and transactions .
There are different service providers you can choose from , it all depends on your needs .
This is where research becomes very important , I suggest to start looking for list of the best Australian web hosting companies , or something similar .
Finding a decent top 10 list will save you a LOT of time in researching the best website hosting provider in Australia .
The apparent advantages of acquiring an Australian web hosting company by another service provider can be :
Expansion in the Australian market for capturing a large portion of the market value to generate and maximize revenues
Become a bigger player in the market by integrating more server space and hence increase number of clients
Incorporating and merging the client base of smaller service providers and also their best practices to emerge as an industry leader
Reduction or elimination of competition in this fast growing industry by pulling in smaller players
Increase the domain of services , capabilities and workforce to ensure better customer satisfaction of existing and new clients
Partnering with other service providers to cater to a bigger client requirement , which is a more cost effective option
Bigger companies , who want to host their own websites , can also choose to acquire a web hosting company to make an in - house ecosystem , where they do not have to share the space and resources with other clients and ensure an end - to - end faster and more efficient workflow for their business .
Back to learning about web design :
You might actually want to have a goal or a concrete project in mind when you start searching for trainings and tutorials .
It will give you a good launching point to use the theories that you will learn .
If you do n’t really know where to start , then here ’s a good project : a website that allows users to upload photos and leave comments .
This means you have to learn to build the site with an admin section , manage the site and content and manage the users , too .
I personally know a business owner that created his own website from scratch using tutorials .
Your next step is to learn about programming .
The ideal first language is Python .
So look for training or tutorial on that .
Python is recommended because it ’s available on every platform , is well documented , can be used for small and large projects and has a great community to help newbies .
It ’s also free .
When you ’re done with that , you need to learn how to transform data and display the result to the user .
This means studying Structured Query Language or SQL .
If you ’re already familiar with Python and SQL , you can start building web pages .
Expect to read a lot while you ’re learning web design .
To build pages , you need to know HTML and CSS .
It ’s best to find a tutorial that covers both .
Already mastered HTML and CSS ?
Well , then .
Make your web pages more dynamic and learn JavaScript .
So as you can see , learning to program is just the first step to creating web pages and doing web design .
And it ’s a first step that ’s riddled with smaller steps , too .
If you ’re serious about learning web design , start by looking for tutorials and training covering the above ( pay special attention to making sites mobile - friendly as that ’s VERY important these days ) .
When you can say you ’ve mastered them ( or at least can do them with some skill ) , then that ’s the time you should look at more web design tricks .
If scientists had to pick one area of science that 's most frequently misunderstood , evolution would probably win the vote .
It 's not simply the sea of misinformation available on the Internet ( although that clearly does n't help ) ; it also seems that a lot of people who accept the scientific evidence do n't fully appreciate some aspects of evolutionary theory .
It 's one thing to remember a few examples of the compelling evidence we have for evolution ; it 's another thing entirely to appreciate the features of the process that make it so incredibly powerful but , at the same time , hide many of its actions from our common experience .
So , in a slight change of pace , we 're going to skip focusing on the latest results or a comprehensive review of the evidence ( we 've done quite a bit of that in the past ) , and focus instead on some of the general aspects of the theory , many of which are commonly overlooked .
So , without further ado , we present five things you may not know about evolution .
A really inefficient solution can be a lot better than the alternative
This is especially true when the alternative is " dead . "
People tend to evaluate evolution according to what , for the time being , at least , are its finished products : highly efficient enzymes , mind - numbingly complex structures , and other biological wonders .
But it 's important to remember that the structures we see around us today are the products of millions of years — in some cases , billions of years — of fine tuning .
The original solutions were probably anything but elegant .
A great example is the protein that eliminates reactive oxygen within our cells .
For a billion years or more , organisms did n't really have to deal with oxygen , which only became prevalent after the origin of photosynthesis .
But when oxygen arrived , it was presumably a shock to the system , as it was toxic to some organisms , and reactive oxygen could damage a variety of cellular components .
Organisms had to evolve the ability to cope with it or , quite possibly , die .
It turns out that a single change is sufficient to convert an enzyme that normally operates on hydrocarbons to one that can eliminate oxygen radicals .
It does this really , really poorly in comparison with its current - day descendants , which have been improved by billions of years of refinement .
But really , really poorly is pretty good when you 're dealing with something that might otherwise kill you .
And survival is all that 's needed for evolutionary refinements to take place .
Evolution solves problems in parallel
Humans have a tendency to think from a linear , one - thing - at - a - time perspective .
So , when we think of all the different things that happen during an evolutionary transition , we tend to compile them into a long , linear list .
So , for the case of , say , the divergence of humans from our common ancestor with chimps , we 'd compile something that included behavioral differences , upright walking , altered shoulder structure , bigger brains , etc .
When you look down that list , six million years suddenly seems like a very short span of time .
But it 's not like the entire rest of the genome sat still while our ancestors were evolving the ability to digest lactose as adults .
For the most part , evolution of a given useful trait can ( and does ) occur in parallel with anything else that 's happening .
There are some dependencies — rearranging the foot does n't make much sense unless you 're already walking upright — but it can certainly occur at the same time as all the behavioral changes , dietary changes , etc .
An additional consequence of this is that related problems can be solved in a coordinated manner .
A lot of human evolutionary history involved a balancing act between the hip structure that allows us to walk upright efficiently and a brain size that does n't fit through said hips very well .
The net result is that neither of these changed radically , even between ancestors that we consider different species .
Evolution does n't happen overnight
So , with all that working in its favor , should n't we be seeing evolution changing the world around us as we watch ?
It 's easy to forget that a favorable novelty starts out as just one change in one individual .
To get beyond that individual , their offspring have to be lucky enough to inherit it , reproduce , etc. before it can even spread within a small , localized population .
For animals that we pay attention to , generation times are a year or more .
Even if most evolutionary change was n't gradual , the flow of genes from individual to a population would necessarily take time for precisely this reason .
Another thing that most people also do n't realize is that if a genetic change truly is favorable , its ability to spread to within populations is a mathematical necessity .
There 's an entire field ( population genetics ) devoted precisely to this issue that , unfortunately , rarely receives any attention , even in college - level genetics classes .
A lot of the work dates from the 1930s and involves lots of math , so this is somewhat understandable now that the focus of biology has shifted to the genome .
But population genetics essentially showed how Mendelian genetics enabled evolution , a reconciliation so significant that it 's still referred to as the " Modern Synthesis . "
A million years is a lot longer than we think it is
Evolution may take time , but there has been a lot more time available than most of us fully appreciate .
The major evolutionary transitions , which took place over millions of years or more , still account for a tiny fraction of the history of life on earth .
Most of us kind of know that , but it 's difficult to really comprehensively understand what millions of years mean .
All of recorded human history ?
That 's less than a tenth of the time since modern humans left Africa .
Which is only about a tenth of a million years .
Which is less than a quarter of the time since our ancestors last canoodled with those of the chimps a bit over four million years ago .
All of recorded human experience is just a blink of an eye , and yet we 've seen hundreds of extinctions , dozens of speciations , observed speciation happen in the lab , watched entire ecosystems change , and driven quite a lot of these changes ourselves .
If you really have a grasp of evolutionary time , then the question is n't one of " did evolution result in the origin of species " — it 's too easily obvious that it did .
Instead , the relevant question becomes one of why it produced the species we now see .
We would n't recognize a key transition while it was happening
So , if all this evolving is constantly going on , why do n't we see species that seem to be in the midst of a major transition ?
Simple : we would n't know it if we were .
Feathers on dinosaurs were around for many millions of years before any of them were able to glide , much less take flight using them .
Pakicetus , although it lived on land , had skull features that indicate it was closely related to all whales and porpoises .
It hung around Asia for millions of years , looking a bit like an odd relative of the wolf .
The bones that now form our wrists first appeared inside the fins of fish , where variants of them appeared in a variety of species .
All these species , despite the novel features they contained , looked just like a normal part of the ecosystem at the time .
Evolutionary changes occur gradually enough that there 's really nothing distinctive about them at the time .
It 's only in retrospect , with our lands filled with tetrapods and skies filled with birds , that we 're able to tell that the odd - looking fins and the dinosaurs with plumage were the start of something big .
At the time , they 'd look like nothing special ; in fact , given that relatively few species wind up fossilized , some of them might have looked decidedly average , one of a large number of similar species .
These are n't even close to being the only misconceptions about evolution , but they 're some of the most common — and the ones that most frequently leave the public expecting evidence for the theory that does n't match its predictions .
15
Do you ever get that feeling , when playing games , that you really should be doing something more edifying with your life .
I do , usually at about three in the morning after a marathon session of slaughtering undead in Sacred 2 .
It is a sad fact that most the computer games I play are about as intellectually stimulating as a fart .
But , thankfully , not all .
Here , I present five games I 've found that force you to think a little - in some cases even get a bit philosophical .
Passage 1 Passage
It is very rare - nay , impossible - for a game to reduce me to tears .
And this one did n't .
But , I can tell you , it was damn close .
A more poignant and profound game you are unlikely to find .
On the surface , the point of Passage is to open as many treasure chests within the allotted time .
But that 's not what Jason Rohrer 's award winning game is really about .
What it is really about is love , the passing of time , saying goodbye to youth and freedom , grief - ultimately life itself .
Passage can be played on Mac OSX , Windows and Linux and can be downloaded here .
Make sure you have some tissues handy before you start playing .
The Majesty of Colors 2 The Majesty of Colors " Last night I had a dream " .
So begins The Majesty of Colors - a sparklingly innovative Flash game by Gregory Weir .
But this is no ordinary dream , And " I " - you - is no ordinary person .
You are a terrifyingly ugly sea monster - basically a giant squid with one enormous spiked tentacle with which you interact with the world .
Despite your fearsome appearance , you start the game as an innocent creature , curious about the world .
But your interactions with humanity threaten to corrupt you .
Feeling rejected and persecuted , do you turn bad and use your considerable powers for evil purposes , or do you strive to do good ?
The choice is yours .
The Majesty of Colors is a game that can be played multiple times - the decisions you make during the game determine between the many different endings .
Play it here .
Read an interview with the game 's creator here .
The Game 3 The Game The Game starts by telling us that there are no rules , just play .
But what does it mean by that .
Is it lavishing praise on anarchy or is it saying that life 's just a game .
The truth is nothing so trite .
The Game takes you on a voyage of philosophical exploration like none you will have experienced before .
You will find yourself committing suicide beneath clouds bearing Einstein 's legendary equation , suffering under the totalitarianism of communisim , getting your heart shot to bits by a lover - all the time accompanied by the wittiest commentary I 've seen in a game .
And the more you progress into The Game , the deeper - and funnier - it gets .
Trust me , The Game will change your perception of what games are about .
Play it here but not for too long because it might blow your mind .
The Game 4 Gray Gray is a riot - quite literally .
In this cerebral , experimental game , you play the part of a lone dissenter , trying desperately to win a seemingly never ending horde of rioters over to your cause .
It seems like a helpless task but one by one you manage to woo the rioters until eventually you have the majority following you .
But what does any self - respecting rebel do when they are a member of the majority , well in this game , they switch to the other side of course , and repeat the whole process again but from the opposite direction .
Gray raises some interesting questions about the individual and the possibility of one person changing the course of history .
It is also great fun to play .
Play it here
So Louis Leterrier 's Clash of the Titans remake looks pretty damn incredible .
I am 100 % sold on the movie , as is the rest of the GeekTyrant crew .
It 's got everything that we love about Clash of the Titans , only it looks updated , adventurous , and extremely badbass .
The original Clash of the Titans is a favorite of mine , but it looks like Leterrier did a fantastic job updating it .
I 'm so excited for this movie now , and I can't wait to see it when it opens up March 26th 2010 .
Hell !
I 'm looking forward to the next full trailer !
The classic tale follows Perseus and his quest to battle Medusa and the Kraken in order to save the Princess Andromeda , and it stars Sam Worthington , Gemma Arterton , Liam Neeson , Ralph Fiennes , Pete Postlethwaite .
I hope the movie does n't have this rock music in it though .
It works for the trailer , but I do n't want it in the movie .
Now , watch the trailer below and tell us what you think !
Watch the trailer in HD at Yahoo !
Americans young and old appear resigned to the stress in their lives : 75 % of adults feel moderate to high stress , yet fewer report it 's getting worse , a survey reports today .
And , children and teens are plenty stressed , too , even though their parents may not realize it .
IN BAD TIMES : Experts say play time can relieve stress
The American Psychological Association 's annual Stress in America survey not only asked 1,568 adults 18 and older about their stress , but for the first time , 1,206 young people ages 8 to 17 were asked about theirs .
" Children absolutely sense parents ' stress , " says pediatrician Kenneth Ginsburg , associate professor at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia and University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
The online survey over the summer by Harris Interactive found 42 % of adults reported that their stress increased in the past year , vs. 47 % in last year 's survey .
This year , 44 % said their stress remained about the same as in 2008 ; 14 % said it decreased .
But 36 % of kids surveyed said they worried more this summer than last ; 30 % said they worried about family financial difficulties .
People are " probably adjusting " to the higher stress they have faced since the recession , so fewer are reporting increasing stress , says psychologist Katherine Nordal of the psychological association .
" I do n't think people have the incredible anxiety about the economy the same way they did last year . "
Still , 24 % of adults in the 2009 survey said they had high levels of stress , and 51 % reported moderate stress .
Rosemarie Giovinazzo - Barnickel , a CPA from Staten Island , N.Y. , who was among the respondents , was one of those who said her stress was higher this year .
" I 've got a lot of things on my plate .
I work for a couple of accounting firms .
I 'm involved in PTA and the state society of CPAs .
My general day - to - day life stress definitely has increased . "
In addition to feeling their parents ' stress , children have their own worries , including doing well in school ( 44 % ) .
But just 34 % of parents thought their kids worried about school .
" Parents do want to perceive things as being OK with kids , " says Alan Hilfer , director of psychology at New York 's Maimonides Medical Center .
" Parents are feeling they 're shielding them from this stress , but kids are struggling more than parents are willing to acknowledge . "
The 1,568 adult respondents include 235 who have children 8 to 17 , but they are not the parents of the young respondents .
Giovinazzo - Barnickel says stress today is " almost like a fact of life .
People are just juggling more things than they were 10 , 15 or 20 years ago . "
Thinking Functionally In Ruby – A Great Presentation by Tom Stuart
By Peter Cooper
Thinking Functionally in Ruby is a talk that British Ruby developer Tom Stuart gave at a recent London Ruby Users Group meeting .
In it he covers what functional programming is , why it 's a " pretty neat idea , " and how to adopt functional programming principles in Ruby .
Skills Matter took a video of the entire 47 minute presentation ( it 's embedded on the right hand side of that page - Flash required .. just been told it might be limited to UK visitors only , if so get the original MP4 file ) but there 's also a 110 page PDF ( 1.5 MB download ) you should have to hand too ( with Tom 's slides ) .
I do n't like to link to individual presentations on Ruby Inside too often , but in spite of poor audio quality on the video , Tom 's presentation is top notch ( the slides are particularly good ) and Tom covers some interesting topics that I think Ruby developers could do with revising .
If you 've wanted to stay on the functional bandwagon but have found yourself slipping into imperative ways where you should n't , this presentation is worth a watch .
[ advertisement ]
Want the ultimate guide to Ruby 1.9 ?
The Ruby 1.9 Walkthrough is a 3 hour screencast that goes through Ruby 1.9 from start to finish , all aimed at existing Ruby 1.8 developers .
sleep ?? suspended animation for thirty years .
But when he awoke in the far different world of a.d. 2000 , he made an amazing discovery .
And suddenly Dan had the means to travel back in time ?
and get his revenge .
Once again , the author of Stranger in a Strange Land and Starship Troopers displays his genius .
The Door into Summer proves why Robert Heinlein 's books have sold more than 50 million copies , winning countless awards , and earning him the title of Grand Master of Science Fiction . … ( more Dan Davis , an electronics engineer , had finally made the invention of a lifetime : a household robot that could do almost anything .
Wild success was within reach ?
and Dan 's life was ruined .
In a plot to steal his business , his greedy partner and greedier fiancee tricked him into taking the ?long
The armpit showed less variation in bacteria than many areas Scientists have developed an atlas of the bacteria that live in different regions of the human body .
Some of the microbes help keep us healthy by playing a key role in physiological functions .
The University of Colorado at Boulder team found unexpectedly wide variations in bacterial communities from person to person .
The researchers hope their work , published in Science Express , will eventually aid clinical research .
They say that it might one day be possible to identify sites on the human body where transplants of specific microbes could benefit health .
The study was based on an intensive analysis of the bacteria found at 27 separate sites on the bodies of nine healthy volunteers .
Not only did the bacterial communities vary from person to person , they also varied considerably from one site on the body to another , and from test to test - but some patterns did emerge .
What is healthy ?
Lead researcher Dr Rob Knight said : " This is the most complete view we have yet of the microbial side of ourselves , one that our group and others will be adding to over the coming years .
BODY SITES ANALYSED Forehead Armpits Head hair Ear canal Forearm Palm Index finger Navel Back of the knee Soles of the feet Nostrils Mouth Gut " The goal is to find out what is normal for a healthy person , which will provide a baseline for further studies to look at people with diseased states . "
There are an estimated 100 trillion microbes living on or inside the human body .
They are thought to play a key role in many physiological functions , including the development of the immune system , digestion of key foods and helping to deter potentially disease - causing pathogens .
The researchers took four samples from each volunteer over a three - month period - usually one to two hours after they had showered .
They used the latest gene sequencing and computer techniques to draw up a profile of the microbes found at each specific site .
Most sites showed big variations in the bacteria they harboured from test to test even within the same individual .
However , there was less variation in the bacteria found in the armpits and soles of the feet - possibly because they provide a dark , moist environment .
The least variation of all was found in the mouth cavity .
Skin sites in the head area , including the forehead , nose , ear and hair , were dominated by one specific type of bacterium .
Sites on the trunk and legs were dominated by a different group .
Researcher Dr Noah Fierer said : " We have an immense number of questions to answer .
" Why do healthy people have such different microbial communities ?
" Do we each have distinct microbial signatures at birth , or do they evolve as we age ?
And how much do they matter ? "
Transplant test
The researchers disinfected the forearms and foreheads of some volunteers , and " inoculated " both sides with bacterial communities from the tongue .
The tongue bacteria lasted longer on the forearms than foreheads .
Dr Elizabeth Costello , who also worked on the study , said : " It may be that drier areas of the skin like forearms make generally more hospitable landing pads for bacteria . "
A previous study by the same examined the bacteria on 102 human hands .
In total , they identified more than 4,200 species of bacteria , but only about five were shared by all 51 participants .
Dr Knight said understanding the variation in human microbial communities held promise for future clinical research .
" If we can better understand this variation , we may be able to begin searching for genetic biomarkers for disease , " he said .
" Because our human genomes vary so little but our repertoire of microbial genes vary so much , it makes sense to look for variations that correlate with disease at specific locations .
"
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ben Bernanke is on yet another self - serving mission to save his job .
Please consider
The right reform for the Fed an op -ed by Ben Bernanke in the Washington Post .
Here is Bernanke 's entire article ( in italics ) with my comments interspersed in plain type .
Most of my comments are made straight to Ben Bernanke , but they apply in general to all central bankers .
Bernanke : For many Americans , the financial crisis , and the recession it spawned , have been devastating -- jobs , homes , savings lost .
Understandably , many people are calling for change .
Mish : Ben , the reason people are calling for a change is that you and the Fed wrecked the economy .
You did not see a housing bubble , nor did you foresee a recession .
I would also like to point out your selective memory loss about your role in bailouts .
To refresh your memory , please refer to Bernanke Suffers From Selective Memory Loss ; Paulson Calls Bank of America " Turd in the Punchbowl " for details .
Bernanke :
Yet change needs to be about creating a system that works better , not just differently .
As a nation , our challenge is to design a system of financial oversight that will embody the lessons of the past two years and provide a robust framework for preventing future crises and the economic damage they cause .
Mish : No Ben , we need a system that works differently .
You have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that you and the Fed are incompetent and cannot be trusted .
Ben here is a compilation of your own statements made from 2005 - 2007 proving you have no idea what you are talking about .
Bernanke :
These matters are complex , and Congress is still in the midst of considering how best to reform financial regulation .
I am concerned , however , that a number of the legislative proposals being circulated would significantly reduce the capacity of the Federal Reserve to perform its core functions .
Mish : Hello Ben , exactly what is that core function ?
Is it a dual mandate of price stability and full employment by any chance ?
Pray tell exactly how badly did you blow that ?
Did you succeed at either ?
Is it mission impossible in the first place ?
Bernanke : Notably , some leading proposals in the Senate would strip the Fed of all its bank regulatory powers .
And a House committee recently voted to repeal a 1978 provision that was intended to protect monetary policy from short - term political influence .
These measures are very much out of step with the global consensus on the appropriate role of central banks , and they would seriously impair the prospects for economic and financial stability in the United States .
Mish : What Global consensus ?
Other Central bankers ?
What about the consensus of those who saw this coming ?
Pray tell why should anyone listen to those who were wrong every step of the way ?
John Hussman has the right idea in Bernanke Sees A Recovery - How Would He Know ?
" We continue to expect a fresh acceleration of credit losses as we enter 2010 .
It would be best if we faced these challenges with more thoughtful leadership . "
Bernanke : The Fed played a major part in arresting the crisis , and we should be seeking to preserve , not degrade , the institution 's ability to foster financial stability and to promote economic recovery without inflation .
Mish : Ben , you sound like an arsonist taking credit for helping put out a fire , before the fire is even out , after you lit the match and tossed on the gas in the first place .
For all the problems you have caused , do n't you at least have the decency to show a little humility ?
Bernanke :
The proposed measures are at least in part the product of public anger over the financial crisis and the government 's response , particularly the rescues of some individual financial firms .
The government 's actions to avoid financial collapse last fall -- as distasteful and unfair as some undoubtedly were -- were unfortunately necessary to prevent a global economic catastrophe that could have rivaled the Great Depression in length and severity , with profound consequences for our economy and society .
( I know something about this , having spent my career prior to public service studying these issues . )
My colleagues at the Federal Reserve and I were determined not to allow that to happen .
Mish : Ben , that is your self - serving assertion that you saved the world .
Care to debate the subject ?
All the Austrian economists would disagree .
Many others disagree as well .
Please see Hussman Accuses the Fed and Treasury of " Unconstitutional Abuse of Power " for one such example .
Bernanke : Moreover , looking to the future , we strongly support measures -- including the development of a special bankruptcy regime for financial firms whose disorderly failure would threaten the integrity of the financial system -- to ensure that ad hoc interventions of the type we were forced to use last fall never happen again .
Mish : Ben , it takes a lot of gall to say that while you are doing nothing to dismantle too big to fail enterprises such as Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan , Citigroup , etc .
Moreover , given that you could not see the housing bubble come or the internet bubble coming , and given that you still believe that bubbles are best dealt with after they blow up , your words are meaningless .
Bernanke : The Federal Reserve , like other regulators around the world , did not do all that it could have to constrain excessive risk - taking in the financial sector in the period leading up to the crisis .
We have extensively reviewed our performance and moved aggressively to fix the problems .
Mish :
Ben you acted the way all regulators act : Doing nothing while Rome burns , then attempting to prevent Rome from burning after it has already burnt to the ground .
Ben , in case you did not notice , the market already shut down subprime mortgages , pay option ARMS , HELOCs , and excessive credit card debt .
Your feeble cries are too little , too late .
At best your efforts would prevent the last problem , but not the next one .
The market has already prevented the last problem privately , even as Fannie and Freddie are once again taking on excessive risk as government entities .
The first thing any regulator in his right mind would do would be to shut down Fannie and Freddie , yet you and the Fed feed the beast , bloating your balance sheet with garbage in the process .
Bernanke : Working with other agencies , we have toughened our rules and oversight .
We will be requiring banks to hold more capital and liquidity and to structure compensation packages in ways that limit excessive risk - taking .
We are taking more explicit account of risks to the financial system as a whole .
Mish : Ben , wake me up when you decide to eliminate Fractional Reserve Lending because until you do , you can never eliminate the problem .
Bernanke :
We are also supplementing bank examination staffs with teams of economists , financial market specialists and other experts .
This combination of expertise , a unique strength of the Fed , helped bring credibility and clarity to the " stress tests " of the banking system conducted in the spring .
These tests were led by the Fed and marked a turning point in public confidence in the banking system .
There is a strong case for a continued role for the Federal Reserve in bank supervision .
Because of our role in making monetary policy , the Fed brings unparalleled economic and financial expertise to its oversight of banks , as demonstrated by the success of the stress tests .
Mish : Stress tests ?!
You are actually bragging about stress tests ?!
Those stress tests that predicted a worst case scenario of unemployment of 9.8 % in 2010 when I called for that in August of 2009 ?!
How many times have you had to revise your stress test estimates ?
3 times and counting by any chance ?
Bernanke :
This expertise is essential for supervising highly complex financial firms and for analyzing the interactions among key firms and markets .
Our supervision is also informed by the grass - roots perspective derived from the Fed 's unique regional structure and our experience in supervising community banks .
Mish :
Your expertise is needed to supervise community banks ?!
Oh really ?
Let 's consult the latest FDIC Quarterly Banking .
" The number of insured institutions on the FDIC ’s ' Problem List ' rose from 416 to 552 during the quarter , and total assets of “ problem ” institutions increased from $ 299.8 billion to $ 345.9 billion .
Both the number and assets of ' problem ' institutions are now at the highest level since the end of 1993 . "
Pray tell how bad would that have been if you were not an expert in such matters ?
Bernanke :
At the same time , our ability to make effective monetary policy and to promote financial stability depends vitally on the information , expertise and authorities we gain as bank supervisors , as demonstrated in episodes such as the 1987 stock market crash and the financial disruptions of Sept. 11 , 2001 , as well as by the crisis of the past two years .
Mish : Ben , did it ever occur to you that your handling of this crash is a repeat of the Fed 's mishandling of the 2001 recession ?
I guess not , but it is .
The Greenspan Fed , of which you were a part , blew an enormous housing / credit bubble to bail out banks from stupid loans made to dotcom companies and Latin America .
You are back at it once again , only bigger .
Your policy is and always has been to blow repetitive bubbles of increasing amplitude , each bigger than the last , hoping to bail out the system .
You have learned nothing from 2001 , from , Japan , or from the Great Depression .
You are a complete disgrace in your inability to learn anything from history , and unfortunately the US is held hostage to your foolish policies .
Bernanke :
Of course , the ultimate goal of all our efforts is to restore and sustain economic prosperity .
To support economic growth , the Fed has cut interest rates aggressively and provided further stimulus through lending and asset - purchase programs .
Mish : Cutting interest rates aggressively helped create the housing bubble , something Bernanke still has not figured out .
Bernanke :
Our ability to take such actions without engendering sharp increases in inflation depends heavily on our credibility and independence from short - term political pressures .
Many studies have shown that countries whose central banks make monetary policy independently of such political influence have better economic performance , including lower inflation and interest rates .
Mish : Ben , you are at your most disingenuous self when you harp about inflation .
The ONLY source of inflation is the Fed and fractional reserve lending .
To eliminate inflation , all that is required is to get rid of both .
But you do n't want that do you ?
No !
You want a target of 2 % inflation while ignoring asset bubbles because that is what the banks wants .
You know and I know that inflation is a tax on the middle class for the direct benefit of the government and those with first access to money ( banks and the already wealthy ) .
Ben , have you ever looked at a chart of two percent inflation over time ?
Here it is :
Inflation Targeting at 2 % a Year
click on chart for sharper image .
Ben , Inflation targeting " works " until the ponzi scheme blows up when interest on the debt is no longer payable , the pool of greater fools runs out , attitudes towards debt and credit change , or some other stress such as global wage arbitrage and job losses interferes with the ability of consumers and businesses to take on more debt .
In this case , all of the above happened .
Ben , you remain in Academic Wonderland with formulas that long ago stopped working .
Bernanke : Independent does not mean unaccountable .
In its making of monetary policy , the Fed is highly transparent , providing detailed minutes of policy meetings and regular testimony before Congress , among other information .
Our financial statements are public and audited by an outside accounting firm ; we publish our balance sheet weekly ; and we provide monthly reports with extensive information on all the temporary lending facilities developed during the crisis .
Congress , through the Government Accountability Office , can and does audit all parts of our operations except for the monetary policy deliberations and actions covered by the 1978 exemption .
The general repeal of that exemption would serve only to increase the perceived influence of Congress on monetary policy decisions , which would undermine the confidence the public and the markets have in the Fed to act in the long - term economic interest of the nation .
Mish : Ben , please stop lying through your teeth .
If the Fed is as transparent as you say , you should not be fearing an audit .
Furthermore , Ron Paul 's amendment specifically bars Congress from intervening in any aspect of monetary policy .
Your mission , is to make sure no one can ever hold you accountable for your illegal actions or to find out exactly what junk is on your balance sheet ( and what it is really worth ) .
There is a difference between " independence " and " secrecy " .
The Fed is not accountable to anyone right now and you know it .
Bernanke :
We have come a long way in our battle against the financial and economic crisis , but there is a long way to go .
Now more than ever , America needs a strong , nonpolitical and independent central bank with the tools to promote financial stability and to help steer our economy to recovery without inflation .
Mish : Indeed , we have come a long way thanks to Ron Paul 's Audit the Fed bill .
There still is a long way to go .
It is time to put in a plan to phase out fractional reserve lending and phase in a dollar backed by something rather than nothing before the Fed can do any more damage to the economy .
My Plea For Everyone
I ask everyone to read Murry N. Rothbard , The Case Against The Fed .
It is a short 151 pages , and easily understandable by all .
Here is an online PDF of The Case Against The Fed and it is free courtesy of Mises .
The book covers many topics including Why Fractional Reserve Lending is Fraudulent , The Genesis of Money , The Optimum Quantity of Money , FDIC , and What Can be Done .
From the Introduction ...
Money And Politics
By far the most secret and least accountable operation of the federal government is not , as one might expect , the CIA , DIA , or some other super - secret intelligence agency .
The CIA and other intelligence operations are under control of the Congress .
They are accountable : a Congressional committee supervises these operations , controls their budgets , and is informed of their covert activities .
It is true that the committee hearings and activities are closed to the public ; but at least the people 's representatives in Congress insure some accountability for these secret agencies .
It is little known , however , that there is a federal agency that tops the others in secrecy by a country mile .
The Federal Reserve System is accountable to no one ; it has no budget ; it is subject to no audit ; and no Congressional committee knows of , or can truly supervise , its operations .
The Federal Reserve , virtually in total control of the nation 's vital monetary system , is accountable to nobody — and this strange situation , if acknowledged at all , is invariably trumpeted as a virtue .
...
Stop The Power Grab
While making claims of transparency , the Fed has fought to kill mark to market accounting at banks and the Fed certainly does not mark its own books to market .
The whole thing is a huge shell game .
The FDIC and the entire banking system is insolvent .
Ancient Ocean Oxygen Production Began 100 Million Years Earlier than Thought
Press Release From : National Science Foundation
Posted : Thursday , October 29 , 2009
Image : Even low concentrations of oxygen can have profound effects on ocean chemistry Photo of Australia 's red- weathered hills .
Credit : Ariel Anbar , ASU
Scientists widely accept that around 2.4 billion years ago , the Earth 's atmosphere underwent a dramatic change when oxygen levels rose sharply .
Called the " Great Oxidation Event " ( GOE ) , the oxygen spike marks an important milestone in Earth 's history , the transformation from an oxygen - poor atmosphere to an oxygen - rich one , paving the way for complex life to develop .
Two questions that remain unresolved in studies of the early Earth are when oxygen production via photosynthesis got started , and when it began to alter the chemistry of Earth 's ocean and atmosphere .
Now a research team led by geoscientists at the University of California at Riverside ( UCR ) corroborates recent evidence that oxygen production began in Earth 's oceans at least 100 million years before the GOE .
" Their findings go a step farther , " says Enriqueta Barrera , program director in the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) 's division of earth sciences , which funded the research along with NASA , " to demonstrating that even very low concentrations of oxygen can have profound effects on ocean chemistry . "
Study results appear in this week 's issue of the journal Science .
To arrive at their results , the researchers analyzed 2.5 billion - year - old black shales from Western Australia .
Fossilized pieces of the ancient seafloor , the fine layers within the rocks allowed the researchers to page through ocean chemistry 's evolving history .
The shales revealed that episodes of hydrogen sulfide accumulation in the oxygen - free deep ocean occurred nearly 100 million years before the GOE , and up to 700 million years earlier than such conditions were predicted by past models .
Scientists have long believed that the early ocean , for more than half of Earth 's 4.6 billion - year history , was characterized by high amounts of dissolved iron under conditions of essentially no oxygen .
" The conventional wisdom has been that appreciable atmospheric oxygen is needed for sulfidic conditions to develop in the ocean , " said Chris Reinhard , an earth scientist at UCR and one of the research team members .
" We found , however , that sulfidic conditions in the ocean are possible even when there is very little oxygen , below about 1/100,000th of that in the modern atmosphere . "
Even very low oxygen levels in the atmosphere , the mineral pyrite can weather on the continents , resulting in the delivery of sulfate to the ocean by rivers .
Sulfate is the key ingredient in hydrogen sulfide formation in the ocean .
Timothy Lyons , a UCR biogeochemist who led the research , explained that the hydrogen sulfide in the ocean is a fingerprint of photosynthetic production of oxygen 2.5 billion years ago .
" A pre-GOE emergence for oxygenic photosynthesis is a matter of intense debate , and its resolution lies at the heart of understanding the evolution of diverse forms of life , " he said .
" We have found an important piece of that puzzle . "
" Our data point to oxygen - producing photosynthesis long before concentrations of oxygen in the atmosphere were even a tiny fraction of what they are today , suggesting that oxygen - consuming chemical reactions were offsetting much of the production , " said Reinhard .
The researchers argue that the presence of small amounts of oxygen may have stimulated the early evolution of eukaryotes - - organisms whose cells bear nuclei --millions of years prior to the GOE .
" This initial oxygen production set the stage for the development of animals almost two billion years later , " Lyons said .
" The evolution of eukaryotes had to take place first . "
The findings also have implications for the search for life on extrasolar planets .
" Our findings add to growing evidence suggesting that biological production of oxygen is a necessary but not sufficient condition for the evolution of complex life , " Reinhard said .
" A planetary atmosphere with abundant oxygen would provide a very promising biosignature .
" But one of the lessons is that just because spectroscopic measurements do n't detect oxygen in the atmosphere of another planet , does n't necessarily mean that no biological oxygen production is taking place . "
To analyze the shales , Reinhard first pulverized them into a fine powder in Lyons 's laboratory .
Next , the powder was treated with a series of chemicals to extract different minerals .
The extracts were then run on a mass - spectrometer .
" One exciting thing about our discovery of sulfidic conditions occurring before the GOE is that it might shed light on ocean chemistry during other periods in the geologic record , such as a poorly understood 400 million - year interval between the GOE and around 1.8 billion years ago , " Reinhard said , " a point in time when the deep oceans stopped showing signs of high iron concentrations .
" Now perhaps we have an explanation .
If sulfidic conditions could occur with very small amounts of oxygen around , then they might have been even more common and widespread after the GOE . "
Said Lyons ,
" This is important because oxygen - poor and sulfidic conditions almost certainly impacted the availability of nutrients essential to life , such as nitrogen and trace metals .
The evolution of the ocean and atmosphere were in a cause - and - effect balance with the evolution of life . "
Reinhard and Lyons were joined in the research by Clint Scott of UCR ; Ariel Anbar of the Arizona State University , Tempe ; and Rob Raiswell of the University of Leeds , United Kingdom .
- NSF -
Media Contacts
Cheryl Dybas , NSF ( 703 ) 292-7734 cdybas@nsf.gov
Iqbal Pittalwala , UC - Riverside ( 951 ) 827-6050 iqbal@ucr.edu
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Welcome to Your Law Firm
Personal Injury & Medical Malpractice Lawyers
Martin Kane Kuper , LLC is a civil litigation law firm representing plaintiffs and defendants in Middlesex County and statewide in New Jersey .
In particular , we excel as advocates for victims of serious injury caused by medical malpractice and the negligence of manufacturers , property owners , careless drivers and other parties .
We have two convenient offices – in East Brunswick , NJ , and in Perth Amboy , NJ .
The key to our success is the experience and commitment of our attorneys – trial lawyers who actually try cases .
We bring a thoroughly documented demand to negotiations and while any case can settle out of court , we prepare every lawsuit as if it will be decided by a jury .
This approach , enhanced by our skills in negotiation and mediation , has resulted in multimillion - dollar verdicts and settlements in a range of cases :
Based in East Brunswick and Perth Amboy , Martin Kane Kuper is a full service firm practicing in diverse areas of law , in state and federal courts of New Jersey .
All The Right Qualities
Our partners have over a century of combined experience , three of them certified as trial specialists by the New Jersey Supreme Court and by the National Board of Trial Advocacy .
Our team includes 10 qualified attorneys , paralegals with special focus in medicine and a licensed nurse consultant all committed to vigorous representation and personalized attention .
We consider our clients part of the team .
We explain the legal process and how each of your options may play out , so that you can make informed decisions about your case .
At the end , our clients know that we have done everything in our power to resolve their legal matter in the most favorable way .
Call Martin Kane Kuper , LLC at 732-214-1800 ( Brunswick area ) or 1 - 877 - NJLAW4U ( statewide ) for a free initial consultation and honest case evaluation .
Latest Blog Posts
Witnesses and relatives recall the horrors of last November 's Mumbai ( Bombay ) attacks .
The BBC's Prachi Pinglay hears their stories .
HARISHCHANDRA GIRKAR , FIRE OFFICER 'I feel God gave me this chance to do this good deed '
We got the first call around 11 pm from the Trident Hotel .
From there we went to the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel at about 1 am .
We saw white smoke coming out from the heritage wing of the hotel .
We could see flames behind the glass windows .
Rescue work started around 3 am .
We would identify victims who were stuck , break open the window , go inside , comfort the guest and help him or her out .
I entered the hotel from the second floor and went into the corridor .
Somehow the door shut behind me and would not open .
I was trapped there and was wondering if the gunmen would come .
But my seniors arrived soon and we all went out with the remaining victims .
The Taj Mahal Palace hotel was among the targets of the attacks
At no point was I scared as we were trying to save people from a dreadful situation .
Normally when we firefight , there is no risk of a gun fight .
This was different .
My experience of 16 years was put to the test and I am glad that I could save people from that height of the building .
Our work was appreciated .
I only managed to talk to my family the next day .
They were worried , but it was all OK .
I received many letters after the incident and still receive messages from some people we saved .
Initially , I thought a lot about it for a few days , but now I think of the 26/11 attacks only when someone gets in touch with me .
Though that night was horrible and something like this should never happen , I feel God gave me this chance to do this good deed by saving so many people .
In that way , I am lucky that it was done through me .
RAGINI SHARMA , RAILWAYS EMPLOYEE
'My husband was a kind and honest person '
Even in the worst of times one hopes that nothing will happen to your loved one .
We also hoped and prayed that my husband SK Sharma was OK when the news of attacks started coming in .
He was a ticket inspector at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station .
He was a kind and honest person .
He liked to help everyone and he died trying to save a little girl .
He could have taken cover and stayed inside , but he chose to help passengers even when the firing was going on .
I have been looked after because we live in a joint family and my children have coped .
My son was sitting an important examination and has done well .
But I know how much he has suffered .
I had never worked before I was given this railway job as part of the compensation .
I think work keeps me occupied .
I visit the station every day but what I really think about is that the railways did not recognise him as a martyr .
We had to convince the authorities about the kind of pension we were entitled to .
Nothing can fill the void but as a family we feel that when someone goes beyond the call of duty , then adequate respect and recognition is the least his family should get .
We have started a foundation which will hold drawing and painting competitions .
We will use the compensation money to give prizes to the brave youth , youth who have done good work , and winners of painting competitions in schools .
I just want all the good work that he did all his life to be carried forward .
And I hope my children recover and carry on with what my husband stood for .
ISRAEEL ANSARI , TAXI DRIVER
' The city took away more from us than it gave us ' ( Photo : Prashant Ravi )
We lost everything we had in Mumbai .
I have shifted back to my village in Bihar because I simply cannot imagine living in the city where my brothers died in the attacks .
Eleven of our family members were at the CST station and we lost six of them .
I was parking my taxi and before I could figure out what was happening , the gunmen had done their job .
Everything we had was wiped out in no time .
My elder brother Ilyas Ansari had helped us settle when we came to Mumbai to earn a living .
Without him , it is not possible to live there .
Whatever this city gave us , much more was snatched away from us .
Now I have to look after the family and worry about the future of my brothers ' children too .
We have been through many difficulties since the attacks and it is impossible to forget what happened that night at the CST station .
It will always stay with us .
Four of my brothers and two other family members were gunned down .
How can a family cope with this ?
We have received compensation but we were told that four family members will get jobs with the railways .
Nothing has happened so far .
We take each day as it comes .
Up to now I have spent most of my time completing formalities to secure compensation .
Women cannot do this running around .
I feel exhausted but we do not have much choice .
BABLU KUMAR DEEPAK , ANNOUNCER AT RAILWAY STATION ' Even now I feel scared when I remember those moments ' I was on a 3 pm - 11 pm shift that night .
At about 9.45 pm we saw black smoke coming from platform number 13 .
The gunmen crossed platforms 13 , 12 and 11 and were firing indiscriminately .
They were going towards the section from where suburban trains leave .
A train had just arrived at the station and I knew that a big crowd would get off .
I immediately announced that everyone should use the rear exit instead of the main exit .
I also informed the other announcer as the gunmen went towards the suburban area .
From my work place I have a full view of the station so I could see what they did .
We stayed in our cabin with lights off till the gunmen went out and then we started helping people on the platform .
I have been coming here since then and there are times when I still think of that night .
Even now I feel scared when I remember those moments .
It was a difficult time and my family was worried for me .
I have a daughter who is only eight .
I was given 500 rupees ( $ 10 ) and a certificate by my department for my timely announcements .
Sometimes I wish the government had recognised my presence of mind and how my announcements helped .
I have laminated the 500 - rupee note and feel good about what I did .
I come to the same station every day and work in the same office .
It is not easy to wipe out those memories but one has to get on .
SANJAY GOVILKAR , POLICEMAN 'I do n't know how I survived but I do believe in God ' I was at home when I heard about the attacks .
As soon as we got a call about multiple attacks in the city we were asked to go to work .
I was at Girgaum Chowpatty when we were informed on the wireless that the gunmen had hijacked a car and were coming our way .
Soon we saw the car coming towards us .
When we tried to stop it , it went past us but got stuck in the road divider .
What happened after that is a blur as it happened in a matter of minutes .
Qasab [ the sole surviving gunman , now on trial in India ] was sitting next to the driver .
The other gunman fired as my colleague Tukaram Ombale and I leapt towards Qasab .
Qasab fired too and Ombale sustained several bullet injuries .
I too had a bullet injury , but we managed to capture him alive .
I knew that Qasab had to be kept alive .
I was in hospital for over a month , and later I went to court to identify Qasab .
When I learnt about anti-terrorism chief Hemant Karkare 's death , I felt very sad .
I used to look up to him .
We lost the best of our men that night .
I do n't know how I survived but I do believe in God .
Anything could have happened during that encounter .
Fortunately I have a large network of friends and a very supportive wife .
She is stronger than me emotionally .
So I could deal with the sense of loss .
I do not feel that police can be armed like army soldiers .
We are meant to help out citizens with everyday issues .
That night we fought Qasab and Ismail with sticks .
Everyone praised us and I feel that people 's attitude towards the Mumbai police has become positive .
However , I do not want to rest on past glory .
One has to move on and strive all the time .
I wish people from all religions would come together and stay united in these difficult times .
DR SANJAY CHATTERJEE , BOMBAY HOSPITAL
' We initially thought it was a gang war '
We initially thought it was a gang war when news of firing incidents came in .
But as patients started arriving , the enormity of the situation revealed itself .
We conducted at least 30 to 40 surgeries in one night .
We formed a team of doctors who did triage so that patients were taken depending on the kind of injuries they had sustained .
There was no time to think when it was all happening .
We were completely overwhelmed and were doing our best to save as many as possible .
All the departments of the hospital worked to their best and as we had enough blood in the bank we could perform all the surgeries .
We did manage to save most of the injured and some of them kept coming to me later for treatment as they required multiple surgeries .
I have kept in touch with some patients - which wo n't happen in normal circumstances .
As medical professionals we do see a lot of cases but that night was different .
We just kept working until the next morning .
We even heard rumours that gunmen were roaming in the city in a police van .
I wonder if the security systems in the city have improved since then .
BHISHAM MANSUKHANI , MEDIA PROFESSIONAL
' We have a responsibility towards those who died ' I was stuck in the Taj hotel on 26/11 and was rescued the next morning .
Walking out of the Taj , I should have felt a great sense of relief .
But I did n't .
All I felt was infinite gratitude towards the Taj staff and the National Security Guard commandos .
At this point , it 's all about taking those small steps , the most important of which is to keep the incident as real and immediate in my mind .
A lot of people died during these attacks and those fortunate to survive have a responsibility towards them .
That morning , some time past 3.30 am when the evacuation went horribly wrong and a few of us , my mother included , were cooped up in the Lavender Room of the Chambers , I braced myself for death .
I was too blank to begin regretting not having done the many things I had complacently put off for the future .
I do remember desperately trying to keep myself from weeping .
It would have amounted to nothing but a dangerous noise that might have given everyone away .
Six hours later , when we were rescued , I could n't coax myself into elation .
Death is the only guarantee and there 's no telling when I would have to bring myself to accept it again .
Given our current reality , it can't be too long .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Rush Hour director reveals his odd short , as part of new movie New York I Love You , is based on a real episode during his youth in Miami , Florida .
But he had to tone down the sex scene in the movie - because producers could n't stomach the idea of his lead actor , Anton Yelchin , making love to a tied - up paraplegic woman .
Ratner explains , " It 's probably my most personal film .
When I sent the original script , which is autobiographical , the producers would not let me film it because , in the original ending , she ( the girl ) is a cripple , and they have sex as she 's hanging from a tree in Central Park .
" Everyone was freaking out over my short , so I changed it to where she was n't a cripple , but an actress pretending to be a cripple . "
In the disturbing scene , the girl , played by Olivia Thirlby , insists Ratner 's character ( Yelchin ) makes love to her , while she is suspended from a tree .
The moviemaker relocated the scene to New York 's Central Park and admits he had all kinds of problems shooting there .
He adds , " I had just two days to shoot the scene .
I thought it would be easy because it was Central Park ...
I go into the park and I take the girl , and she weighs , like , 75 pounds and I hang her off the tree .
The problem was that the law in Central Park states that you 're not allowed to touch a tree if you 're a film crew ; you can't go near a tree .
" So they said , ' You ca n't do this , can you make it a pole ? '
I said , ' I can't , it has to be a tree . '
They would n't even allow us to go on the grass .
So , in the gravel part of the park , I put all this fake grass down and we had to bring in , believe it or not , our own tree that we flew in from upstate New York !
We put that tree up and it was a nightmare because there were park rangers watching us making sure we were n't breaking the law .
It was crazy . "
The law firm of Connors & Sullivan , Attorneys at Law , PLLC , has been representing the legal needs of New York City residents for more than three decades .
Our firm ’s central focus is helping people with issues related to estate planning , probate and administration , elder law and estate litigation .
Additionally , we have considerable experience with real estate closings , tax law and asset protection .
Whether you are a parent who wishes to set up a trust or a retiree who needs assistance with Medicaid and long - term care planning , our experienced attorneys and dedicated staff are here to help .
It is interesting that Australian media has not yet covered the developing scandal around the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) and its prognoses for future oil production that broke last week .
The IEA was established by the OECD nations to advise them on energy and is regarded as the world ’s highest authority on world energy needs and production .
Last Monday week ( November 9 ) , in The Guardian , it was revealed by whistleblowers in the IEA ( current and former employees ) that the IEA ’s future oil production estimates were inflated .
Apparently , the USA has been pressuring the IEA to use the data from its own “ Energy Information Agency ” ( EIA ) , the reliability of which has been questioned in the past .
According to The Guardian article :
A second senior IEA source , who has now left but was also unwilling to give his name , said a key rule at the organisation was that it was " imperative not to anger the Americans " but the fact was that there was not as much oil in the world as had been admitted .
" We have [ already ] entered the ' peak oil ' zone .
I think that the situation is really bad , " he added .
Advertisement
Coincidentally (? ) on the same day , the research group of Professor Aleklett ( president of the international arm of the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas ) of Uppsala University , Sweden , published a peer - reviewed paper in the scientific journal Energy Bulletin that uses the IEA ’s own data to show that it is comprehensively wrong in its estimates of future oil production .
The IEA ’s error has been to radically overestimate the rate of future oil production from undeveloped oilfields and fields yet to be discovered .
They also overestimated the amount of “ natural gas liquids ” associated with future natural gas production and have overestimated the rate at which oil can be produced from unconventional sources ( such as the Canadian tar sands ) .
Even when applying extremely optimistic estimates for future oil production rates , the Uppsala research group finds that production in 2030 will be 25 per cent lower than the IEA predicts .
In fact , their revision of the oil data shows that the peak of oil production was last year !
For this reason , the Uppsala research group ’s paper is titled , “ The Peak of the Oil Age - analysing the world oil production Reference Scenario in World Energy Outlook 2008 ” ( PDF 823KB ) .
One day later the IEA published the most recent update of its annual report , World Energy Outlook 2009 .
Its estimates of future oil production are little changed from its 2008 estimates .
Commenting on the whistleblower allegations Professor Aleklett stated that already a number of years ago :
I had communicated to Sweden ’s delegate at the IEA that Sweden should leave the IEA since it was deceiving the world and this would have serious consequences globally .
I also asked how they could approve of something like the World Energy Outlook that was so in error .
Advertisement
Now the Swedish delegate to the IEA has commented on the allegations of the IEA ’s faulty prognoses in a manner that supports everything Aleklett ( and his research group ) have asserted :
Urban Bäckström at the Swedish Energy Authority who is Sweden ’s representative at the IEA , says that the IEA ’s prognoses for oil resources are probably correct .
But it will be difficult to increase production as much as the IEA foresees .
This is completely in line with the “ Peak of the Oil Age ” paper in which Aleklett ’s research group accepts the IEA ’s estimates for the oil reserves that exist and that will be found but disagrees with how fast they can be extracted .
Parents to be fined if they take their children out of sex lessons
Early start : A sex education leaflet aimed at six - year - olds
Parents will face fines if they remove 15 - year - old children from sex education lessons as they become part of the national curriculum for the first time .
Lessons in relationships and sex will begin at five , with prescribed content for each age group .
Parents will still be able to withdraw children on moral and religious grounds , but this right - which currently extends until students are 19 - will be lost at 15 .
Mothers and fathers risk being fined and prosecuted under anti-truancy laws .
Under current arrangements , secondary schools must teach sex education but can choose the content .
Primary schools do not have to offer it at all .
The shake - up , outlined by Children 's Secretary Ed Balls , will affect 600,000 children from September 2011 .
It drew immediate protests .
Campaigners said sex education in the last year of secondary school - to which all children will now be exposed - is often the most explicit , with pupils taught about how to use a condom and access to contraception and abortion .
Religious leaders said parents would ' vote with their feet ' .
The Government insists that only a ' tiny minority ' of parents exercised their right to pull their children out of sex education .
Mr Balls said it would not make sense to keep the age limit of 19 , because teenagers can vote at 18 and the age of consent is 16 .
In a Government - backed poll nearly a third of parents wanted to retain the right regardless of age .
But another third said it should end at 11 and 20 per cent said there should be no opt - out at all .
Poll Should parents be fined if they take their children out of sex education lessons ?
Yes No Should parents be fined if they take their children out of sex education lessons ?
Yes 3545 votes
No 19536 votes
Now share your opinion
Mr Balls said the aim was for all children to have at least one year of sex education .
He said the changes would help tackle teenage pregnancies .
But critics said the Government 's strategy of handing out contraceptives and spreading sex education was already failing .
Tahir Alam , education spokesman for the Muslim Council of Britain , said : ' It is not for the state to become a parent .
' We will be making representations to fight for the right of parents to withdraw their children from sex education .
' Some parents view exposure of their children to this sort of material as morally objectionable and morally corrupting . '
Compulsory :
All teenagers - including those in faith schools - will receive at least one year of lessons covering sex , contraception and relationships ( posed by models )
The Catholic Education Service said it was ' disappointed ' the blanket right of withdrawal had been dropped .
But the Right Reverend John Saxbee , chairman of the Church of England 's Board of Education , said :
' Students already receive some sex education through the biology curriculum , for which there is no right for withdrawal .
' Giving students aged 15 and above access to factual information and the opportunity to discuss relationships in a supervised setting seems a responsible and appropriate response to a context where these topics are widely discussed among young people . '
The Federal Reserve ’s ballooning balance sheet is turning into something of a legal morass .
Some of the $ 29 billion in troubled securities and loans the Fed took on from Bear Stearns as part of last year ’s rescue is starting to give rise to lawsuits .
These are cases where the Fed is either suing to collect on a multi-billion commercial real estate debt or is trying to fend off claims from rival creditors .
The lawsuits are a fee bonanza for the high - priced law firms that the Fed is paying to litigate these cases on behalf of Maiden Lane LLC — the entity set up by the New York Fed to hold the Bear assets .
But this mushrooming litigation is drawing the Fed into conflicts with commercial developers or into uneasy partnerships with some of the banks it regulates .
It even means that Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke has become a reluctant landlord — forced to rely on BlackRock , which manages Maiden Lane for the central bank , to collect the rent from some of its commercial tenants .
In February , for instance , lawyers for the Fed foreclosed on the Crossroads Mall in Oklahoma City , after the shopping center ’s operators defaulted on a $ 76 million commercial mortgage .
The Fed subsequently took title to the property after paying $ 11.2 million for the half - empty retail space .
The Fed has put the 941,745 - square foot mall back on the market with an asking price of $ 24 million .
Now the Fed is in federal court in New York , seeking to recoup its losses by going after three of the mall ’s former owners who , the Fed contends , signed a personal guarantee on the loan with Bear .
This is not what the Fed bargained for when it assumed some of Bear ’s worst assets to induce JPMorgan Chase to buy the teetering Wall Street bank .
But it ’s the inevitable outcome of taking on a distressed portfolio that includes $ 8.5 billion in commercial mortgages — hotel chains and office complexes , assets that the Fed had marked down in value by about half last summer .
The litigation over the floundering mall in Oklahoma is nothing compared with the starring role the Fed is playing in the bankruptcy of Extended Stay Hotel .
The South Carolina - based operator of more than 600 mid-priced hotels received $ 900 million in financing from Bear as part of a complex $ 4.1 billion loan package .
The Fed is now in the middle of two lawsuits arising from the Extended Stay bankruptcy .
The Fed also stands to incur substantial losses as a result of the bankruptcy .
In one lawsuit , the Fed has joined with Bank of America and Wachovia , now part of Wells Fargo , in suing Extended Stay ’s owner , David Lichtenstein , on a $ 100 million loan guaranty .
The litigation is similar to the one the Fed has brought against the former owners of the Crossroads Mall .
In the other case , the Fed , Bank of America and Wachovia are all trying to defeat a claim for damages brought by one of Extended Stay ’s more junior lenders .
A subsidiary of the Carlton Group , a New York - based real estate investment firm , is suing the Fed and the two banks , claiming the more senior lenders “ colluded ” and “ conspired ” against the interest of the junior lenders in the weeks leading up to the bankruptcy filing .
The Fed has declined to comment on any of the litigation .
But in court papers , the Fed denies Carlton ’s allegations and has moved to dismiss the case .
The danger for the Fed is n’t losing any single court case .
It ’s the problem of getting bogged down in litigation — something that is better suited for a bank creditor , not monetary policy makers .
Yet the longer the Fed holds onto these wasting commercial real estate assets , the greater the likelihood becomes of additional litigation to protect the Fed ’s dwindling economic interest .
Maybe this why the Fed , according to The Wall Street Journal , is worried that banks have n’t moved fast enough to recognize losses on commercial real estate mortgages and related securities .
The Fed knows from its own experience just how much more pain there is to come from commercial real estate .
So here ’s a suggestion : Maybe it ’s time to strike a deal with JPMorgan to take the Maiden Lane portfolio off the Fed ’s hands and let it assume the litigation risk .
Or the Fed can have BlackRock go out and try to sell off some of these distressed assets .
The Fed appears to be looking at significant losses on some of Bear ’s commercial real estate deals .
The last thing we need is for Bernanke to become a landlord of struggling strip malls across America .
Zombies have been enjoying a heyday of late , but why are Americans so obsessed with the walking dead ?
One theory is that Westerners love zombies for the same reason Japan loves giant monsters : they represent technology gone awry .
Advertisement
James Turner , an editor for O'Reilly Media , claims that zombies share a kinship with Godzilla .
His theory is that , just as Godzilla was inspired by the dropping of the atomic bomb , Western filmmakers ( Romero aside ) latched onto zombies in the wake of Three Mile Island , the recognition of AIDS , the Ebola outbreak , and similar medical and technological disasters .
He goes on to posit that the increasing popularity of zombie movies involving a biological outbreak suggests a Western ambivalence toward biotechnology .
It 's an interesting thought , though perhaps a bit reductive .
Certainly zombies have been used to comment on biotechnology , but they 've also been used to comment on a number of social issues , including consumerism , corporate greed , and the objectification of women .
And what causes the zombie outbreak is often less important than what comes afterward .
Still , Turner makes an interesting case that biotechnology - based zombies could evolve to more acutely reflect our biological and technological fears :
Blackberry - spawned abominations , anyone ?
Dawn of the Single - Payer Healthcare Undead ?
What about , They Came From H1N1 ?
Advertisement
He 's far more convincing when he talks about the important differences between giant monsters and zombies , namely that it's the military and scientists who fight Godzilla , where zombies fall to resourceful and self - reliant survivors .
Americans must like the idea that , as out of control as our hubristic science might become , a good machete and a 12 gauge in the hands of a competent man or woman can always save the day .
The 2003 bestselling title , The Zombie Survival Guide , offers the same message of self - reliance .
( I 'm not sure what lesson we can take from the success of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A Brief History Of Zombies [ Forbes ]
Palestinians are keen football players and supporters
Israel has ordered construction work on an internationally financed football stadium being built for Palestinians in the occupied West Bank to be halted .
Palestinian municipal authorities in al - Bireh , near Ramallah , have been told they lack the correct permit to build .
This is because Israel has designated some of the plot for the planned stadium as under its exclusive control .
If Palestinian officials do not comply with the order , Israel could demolish the arena .
The stadium 's development has been financed by the world football 's governing body , Fifa , as well as France , Germany and Gulf states .
Palestinians have said that Israel 's issuing of the stop - work order is unreasonable and politically motivated .
Israeli officials have said they are working with their Palestinian counterparts to resolve the issue .
By Andy McFarlane
BBC News
For the past 10 months thousands of people of Scottish descent have been heeding a call to return " home " for a visit .
What is the appeal of the Scottish identity ?
Tartan , shortbread , haggis and whisky ...
Some of the stereotypes might make the average Scot cringe .
However , when 47,000 people from at least 40 countries gathered for the world 's largest clan gathering in Edinburgh in July , many revelled in such " traditional " offerings .
Among them were Americans , Canadians , Kiwis and Aussies , who donned tartan and blew pipes in an outpouring of national pride usually reserved for matches at Murrayfield .
The Gathering , at Holyrood Park , was one of the highlights of Homecoming Scotland , a festival marking the 250th anniversary of poet Robert Burns 's birth .
Beginning on the eve of his birthday - 25 January or Burns night - and backed by £ 5.5 m in state funding , it saw 112 events including May 's Whisky Month , a Caledonian Canal flotilla and a diaspora forum .
Hundreds more were organised by communities .
Highlander location Castle Eilean Donan was a thrill for Karyn Dallimore As Scotland marks St Andrew 's Day on Monday , and the Scottish government outlines plans that could lead to a referendum on independence , events are taking place across Scotland bringing down the curtain on a memorable 10 months for those who took part in Homecoming .
Among them was Karyn Dallimore , 45 , who travelled from her native Canada , to take part in the Masters World Championships at the Inverness Highland Games .
While tossing a caber and throwing a weight over a bar are often caricatured in the UK , events across the Atlantic can attract 40,000 - strong crowds .
But for Mrs Dallimore , vice president of Pacific Northwest Scottish Association of Heavy Events , the pull of Scotland was not merely the chance to take home the six medals she won .
" I feel such a strong connection to Scotland .
Growing up in Nova Scotia , the Celtic traditions of food , music and language are all around , " says the software technician .
" If you open the phone book , 95 % of the names are Scottish and Irish . "
' Missing link '
Like many in North America , Mrs Dallimore is driven by a burning desire to trace her roots .
Her father was adopted and after he died eight years ago , she discovered his biological mother 's family had emigrated from Scotland in 1915 .
" I do n't know which area they belong to or which clan I 'm from .
It 's like I 'm missing part of who I am , " says Mrs Dallimore , promising to revisit Scotland as soon as she learns her family name .
As a volunteer with the Scottish Genealogy Society in Edinburgh , Alison Moffat helps visitors like Mrs Dallimore to trace their ancestors .
The group 's stall at the Gathering was inundated with visitors who wanted help to " put flesh on the bones " of their family history .
" Many have heard of the Clearances [ when 18th and 19th century landlords forced Highland folk from their homelands ] and want to know if their family was involved , " she says .
There was a real sense of community and people feeling released to express their Scottishness
Musician Pat Kane
Scotland picture gallery
While some may roll their eyes at hearing tartan - clad Americans claim to be descendants of clan chiefs , Mrs Moffat insists their interest is not usually " cosmetic " .
" I find it quite touching that people are genuinely interested , " she says .
" Some of them perhaps have slightly way - out ideas about Scotland .
They must be terribly disappointed that we do n't all go around in kilts and swathed in tartan from head - to - toe . "
Another motivation is the perception many in the new world have of their countries ' lack of history , in comparison with Scotland 's emotive past , she says .
The country 's wild scenery , tales of persecution and Jacobite rebellions help fuel this romantic image which , according to Dr Jonathan Hearn , has been helped along by Hollywood - Mel Gibson 's Braveheart and Christopher Lambert 's Highlander .
A specialist in national identity at the University of Edinburgh , Dr Hearn says there are good reasons why foreigners are drawn to Scotland over the rest of the UK .
" Scottish and Irish ancestry in the US is preserved as a distinct ethnicity , whereas Englishness never was - it invisibly blends into being American . "
' Afternoon tea ' Englishness means " Windsor Palace and afternoon tea " , he says , adding that foreigners struggle to distinguish it from being British .
So , as Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond publishes a white paper he describes as the " prelude " to a referendum on independence , have the celebrations been symbolic of - or even provoked - a resurgence in nationalistic sentiment ?
Traditional music has played a key part in the celebrations For Hue and Cry vocalist and pro-independence activist Pat Kane , they certainly boosted Scots ' collective self - confidence and " pushed at the door " of sovereignty .
Nowhere more was this apparent than at the Vogrie Festival , where he sang in a country park outside Edinburgh , he says .
" There was a real sense of community and people feeling released to express their Scottishness .
It brought out all the various strands of Scottish culture in music , cuisine and art . "
For Kane , Homecoming fomented a natural desire to assert Scotland 's distinct qualities and outlook - one already demonstrated in the formulation of policy independently from Westminster .
The ruling SNP lacks the necessary majority to push any referendum bill through and Dr Hearn argues that polling data shows " no great push " towards independence .
Kane , however , takes a longer - term view .
He says a mature debate about independence - one that acknowledges how the old British Empire benefited Scotland - is needed .
He sees regular cultural celebrations contributing to the process by strengthening links with the diaspora .
" My only fear is that Homecoming is regarded as a one - year event and not one seen as something to take place over 10 years , " he adds .
Marie Christie says
Homecoming 's legacy can be seen in the appetite for a repeat - 92 % among event managers .
Hundreds of thousands of people worldwide have also signed up for information about future Scottish events .
So , if economic troubles prevented many from visiting this year , hopes are high they will make it " home " in the future .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Because being Scottish rocks !
We 're a small country with a disproportionately big influence on the world and have lots to be proud of .
Frances , Edinburgh Americans will never learn to be Scottish , until they start to enjoy misery .
Emily , Edinburgh , Scotland
It 's no wonder people are proud to be Scottish ; the Scots have travelled and populated most of the world .
They have been responsible for many of the world 's most important inventions .
They have fought and died with glory in many battles and they have resisted invasion throughout history .
" The blood is strong " for all Scots .
John McMinn , Barnet , Herts
It 's not an appeal to me , it 's what I am .
I 've lived in different places , but my Mum was from Glasgow and my Dad played the bagpipes even though he was only of Scots descent ( half English ) but I have the wrong voice , I sound like a Londoner but I wear a kilt ( Lamont ) .
The story of Scotland , of the clearances , of the struggle to be free , being forced out to start again , all over the world , is one of real grit and backbone , it's what makes the Scots intelligent , inventive and fun .
That 's why people want to associate themselves with us , because we 're brilliant .
Dave , London , UK
Why does everyone ( ie Dr Hearn University of Edinburgh ) conveniently forget the Welsh distinct ethnicity abroad .
After all we suffered the same the same as our Celtic cousins and have the same issues with route and origin chasers visiting Wales and seeing themselves as of welsh origin and not British / English .
Plus we have kept our language and have a distinct cultural difference to England , more community than capitalism .
Dean , Cardiff
My mother 's parents were Scottish , so if I wanted , I could claim to belong to the clans .
But I do n't .
Part of my heritage is Scottish for sure , but I am not Scottish .
I was born in England and therefore I am English .
I have no need or desire to claim to be Scottish , why should I ?
Nor do I understand the need or desire to claim to be of a nationality other than the one where I was born .
My non-comprehension is greater in those cases where 2nd , 3rd , or even more generational gaps exist .
Lindsay ( N.B. a male Lindsay , if proof of my Scottishness be required ) , New York What 's the appeal of the Scots ?
Foreign types find the Scottish accent very attractive .
Susan , Wellington , New Zealand Being Scottish , Irish or Welsh is encouraged as " national pride " .
Being English is frowned upon as being racist .
Displaying the flag of St. George is discouraged in England , whereas flying the flag of St's .
Patrick , Andrew or David is actively encouraged in the respective parts of the United Kingdom .
Perhaps this double standard is the main cause of the English not being so pushy about their nationalist pride as their more lowly neighbours , who are all conquered peoples who feel the need to supplant their inferiority complexes with misplaced national pride .
Gordon Clifford , Susquehanna , PA , USA
Is this a celebration or a pretentious and patronising event forced upon the true , indigenous populous of Scotland ?
Whatever the case , it speaks volumes about people all over the world seeking a ' grounding ' in their roots during these times of uncertainty .
What is quite vulgar is the mismatch between rich , moneyed people from other industrialised nations who spend a lot of money to attend such an event to sample ' the simple life ' and connect with their supposed ancestors .
Get a clue !
I just hope the hotels and everyone else up in Scotland made a lot of money out of this pretentious event .
Dan , London , UK I think there should be a UK - wide referendum on Scottish independence .
I 'd vote for Scottish independence ( I'm a Yorkshireman ) as I believe the Union actually weakens our position in the world and dilutes our cultures behind a rather English ' Britishness ' .
Even arch - Scot Gordon Brown is guilty of belittling his own origins at times .
Furthermore , and on an entirely selfish political point , we'd have no more poor legislation visited upon England and Wales which is passed only with the support of Scottish MPs .
Darren Hill , York , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
So according to this L.A. Times article , the health insurance got everything it wanted in this healthcare " reform " bill - except the death of the public option .
So as relatively small a concession as that is unacceptable to them - which tells you who really owns this country .
( Not us . )
All the more reason to push your congress critter .
Call today !
Reporting from Los Angeles and Washington - As President Obama 's push for a healthcare overhaul moves toward its final act , the oft - vilified health insurance industry is on the verge of seeing a plan enacted that largely protects its financial interests .
That achievement , should it stand up in the final legislation , would be the capstone of a sophisticated lobbying and strategic campaign that began even before Obama was elected president .
The specifics of the healthcare legislation are still being hashed out on Capitol Hill , and key details will evolve in the days ahead .
Even so , there is broad agreement that the final plan will , for the first time , require Americans to buy health coverage , with taxpayer subsidies for millions who cannot afford it .
For the health insurance industry , that means millions of new paying customers .
What 's more , there are likely to be no limits on what insurers can charge , while at the same time the plan is expected to limit competition from any new national government insurance plan that lawmakers create .
I mean , really .
What 's not to like ?
These anticipated wins -- from an initiative that has at times been portrayed as doomsday for health insurers -- is the result of a strategy developed by one of Washington 's savviest lobbyists , Karen Ignagni .
Under Ignagni's leadership , the industry group America 's Health Insurance Plans adopted the goal of universal coverage while setting out to shape it in a way that benefited insurers -- a crucial move that aligned their interests with those of other groups , including consumers and hospitals .
Insurers poured campaign donations into the coffers of key sympathetic members of the House and Senate , and loaded up on lobbyists .
And when Obama and other Democrats began attacking the industry , insurers made a strategic choice not to walk away from the negotiating table .
" While so many in this town have been playing checkers , Karen has been playing chess , " said Mark Merritt , a veteran lobbyist who heads the Pharmaceutical Care Management Assn . [...]
In addition to fighting the public option , insurers that offer Medicare health maintenance organizations are battling more than $ 100 billion in cuts in federal payments to that program .
And they are trying to beat back a move by Democrats to go after the industry 's decades - old exemption from antitrust law .
But in Washington , many marvel that lawmakers have not wrung more from an industry that , surveys show , is held in low regard by the public .
" The industry is really in no position to be making demands , " said Celinda Lake , a longtime Democratic pollster .
And yet , they continue to do so - especially through senators like Olympia Snowe and Kent Conrad .
Do n't you love it that no matter how much we donate , politicians say they can't support the netroots agenda " because you 're not in my district " , yet are so very sympathetic to the millions of dollars poured into their states from giant industries like insurance ?
Looks like our bribes contributions just are n't big enough .
Vancouver Canucks President & General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that goaltender Cory Schneider has been re-assigned to the Manitoba Moose of the AHL .
Schneider , 23 , has played in nine games for the Moose this season , posting a record of 6 - 3 - 0 record .
He has registered one shutout and recorded a .910 save percentage .
In his most recent recall with Vancouver , Schneider made an impressive start in Dallas on November 6th , stopping 45 of 47 shots faced in a 2 - 1 loss for Vancouver .
The 2008.09 AHL Goalie of the Year played 40 games with the Moose in 2008.09 , posting a 28 - 10 - 1 record and a 2.04 goals against average .
He also led the Moose to the Calder Cup Finals with a 14 - 7 - 0 record and 2.15 goals against average .
Schneider made his NHL debut Nov. 29 , 2008 , against the Calgary Flames stopping 28 of 31 shots .
In eight games with the Canucks , he posted a 2 - 4 - 0 record .
The 6 ’2 ” Marblehead , MA , native was selected by Vancouver 26th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft .
Career Regular Season Statistics
Season Team GP W L T OT SO GA SA Sv % GAA Mins 2002 - 2003 Phillips Academy Andover - High - MA 23 13 7 2 3 39 1.69 1,385 2003-2004 U.S. Nat'l Team Dev. Program - U - 18 10 9 1 0 1 15 1.61 559 2003-2004 Phillips Academy Andover - High - MA 24 17 5 2 6 32 1.42 1,336 2003-2004 USNTDP -NAHL 2 2 0 0 0 6 3.00 120 2003-2004 United States - WJ18 - A 6 5 1 0 0 10 1.71 351 2004-2005 Boston College Eagles - H-East 18 13 1 4 1 35 1.90 1,102 2004-2005 United States - WJC - A 1 0 3 7.94 23 2005-2006 Boston College Eagles - H-East 39 24 13 2 8 83 2.11 2,362 2005-2006 United States - WJC - A 6 2 3 1 0 16 2.67 359 2006-2007 Boston College Eagles - H-East 42 29 12 1 6 90 2.15 2,517 2007-2008 Manitoba Moose - AHL 36 21 12 2 3 78 926 .916 2.28 2008-2009 Canucks 8 2 4 - 1 0 20 162 .877 3.38 355 2008-2009 Manitoba Moose - AHL 40 28 10 1 5 79 1,014 .930 2.04 2,324 NHL
Totals 8 2 4 0 1 0 20 162 .876 3.38 355
Career Playoff Statistics
Transcendental Meditation has been around for many years and is perhaps the most scientifically tested of all forms of meditation .
Two studies presented this week add to the evidence that this form of stress reduction benefits people with heart disease and those at high risk for it .
One study , presented on Monday at the American Heart Assn .'s annual meeting , found that heart disease patients who practice TM have almost 50 % lower rates of heart attacks , stroke and deaths compared to similar patients who do n't practice meditation .
The study was funded with a $ 3.8 - million grant from the federal government and was conducted at the Medical College of Wisconsin in collaboration with the Institute for Natural Medicine and Prevention at Maharishi University of Management in Fairfield , Iowa , a major center of TM research .
The study followed African American men and women over nine years .
The participants were randomly assigned to practice the stress - reducing TM technique or attend traditional health education classes on heart disease prevention .
The results of TM were so striking , it was as if the participants who meditated were taking a new class of medications , the authors said .
" Previous research on Transcendental Meditation has shown reductions in blood pressure , psychological stress , and other risk factors for heart disease , irrespective of ethnicity , " the lead author of the study , Dr. Robert Schneider , said in a news release .
" But this is the first controlled clinical trial to show that long - term practice of this particular stress reduction program reduces the incidence of clinical cardiovascular events . "
In the second study , published today in the American Journal of Hypertension , researchers found that TM was an effective tool to reduce blood pressure , anxiety , depression and anger among college students at risk for high blood pressure .
Scientists at American University in Washington , D.C. , and Maharishi University randomly assigned 298 students to either learn TM techniques or remain on a waiting list for the class .
After three months , the students practicing TM had reductions of 6.3 millimeters of mercury ( mm Hg ) in systolic blood pressure and 4.0 mm Hg in diastolic .
The reductions translate to a 52 % lower risk of developing hypertension in later years .
The students also showed improvements in psychological distress and coping .
-- Shari Roan
Photo :
The meditation room at UCI Medical Center .
Credit : Bob Chamberlin / Los Angeles Times
The Chinese Communist Party 's main newspaper is ( apparently without a trace of irony ) accusing Google of unfairly censoring its website for having reported on the search firm 's book - scanning copyright dispute .
People 's Daily said its online book section was blocked from Google searches via a malware warning for three days beginning last Wednesday .
It insists the blockage was " malicious revenge " for the book section prominently featuring stories about how Google 's rather dubious practice of scanning books without permission might violate the rights of Chinese authors .
Search results for People.com.cn's book channel read " This website may have malicious software , which might damage your computer , " reports Global Times .
In response , the People 's Daily website posted a news story on Monday quoting an unnamed person in charge of the channel claiming that " Google has maliciously blocked the channel in retaliation . "
It also claims the site 's security technicians found nothing wrong with the site .
A Google spokeswoman responded by saying the accusation of censorship was " absolutely incorrect , " telling the Associated Press the warning was generated by software automatically without any human intervention .
Google is usually on the receiving end of censorship controversies in China as the government pushes to remove " pornographic " links offered by the search engine .
Just one day after the government - owned newspaper cried foul over censorship , Chinese authorities boasted to have banned 1,414 works of " lewd " online literature for offenses such as using provocative titles to draw attention and blatantly talking about one - night stands .
In the same statement , the administration said it would pen new laws and regulations on publishing literature online . ®
Google recently teamed up with the Department of Health and Human Services to create a map function that will let you find out where you can get both H1N1 and seasonal flu shots by simply entering in your zip code or home town .
The recently launched “ flu shot locator ” is still in initial phases , and currently only has data for about 20 U.S. states , but developers say they are working to update the map with information for the entire country .
When you enter your zip code , a series of color - coded syringes crop up on the map — pink indicating seasonal flu vaccinations , blue for swine flu , and a mixture to show both are available .
The service may prove more helpful once its updated , but currently information is lacking and inconsistent — only a handful of large pharmacies are included , though more will be added as the project continues , developers say — and many of those that do pop up show that they are out of stock .
A recent search for flu shots in the Seattle area turned up five pharmacies ( four Walgreens and a KMart ) , all of which were out of stock , and did not yet include any information for the numerous clinics and other facilities offering the vaccinations .
Results were similar in a search of Houston , where just one pharmacy that had seasonal flu shots in stock was visible on the map .
In other locations , results were better : a search in Minneapolis turned up six clinics ( mostly inside CVS branches ) with seasonal flu shots available , and plugging in New York City yielded more than 10 places to get flu shots , with availability of both seasonal and swine flu vaccinations .
Once the service is fully up and running , you will also be able to access it from the websites of the American Lung Association and at FLU.gov .
Yet as we wait for more data to be added , even in these developmental stages the flu shot locator can serve as a good starting point for people wondering where to turn for vaccinations — for all locations , including those where no flu shots are currently listed as available , links are provided to more detailed state health department flu sites .
Dow Chemical
Dow Chemical has unveiled a residential roof shingle in the form of a solar panel designed to be integrated into asphalt - tiled roofs .
Jane Palmieri , managing director of Dow ’s Solar Solutions unit , said the Powerhouse thin - film shingle slashes installation costs because it can be installed by a roofer who is already building or retrofitting a roof .
“ As a roofer is nailing asphalt shingle on roof , wherever the array needs to be installed he just switches to solar shingle , ” said Ms. Palmieri , who said the solar singles are similarly attached to the roof with nails .
“ You do n’t have to have a solar installation crew do the work or have an electrician on site , ” she added .
“ The solar shingle can be handled like any other shingle – it can be palletized , dropped from a roof , walked on . ”
An electrician is still needed to connect the completed array to an inverter and to a home ’s electrical system , but unlike conventional solar panels that must be wired together , the solar shingles plug into each other to form the array .
Dow plans to begin test - marketing the solar shingle in mid-2010 , initially targeting new - home construction .
Ms. Palmieri said the market could be worth $ 5 billion by 2015 and noted that 90 percent of homes in the United States use asphalt shingles .
Dow designed the shingles , which will initially be manufactured at the company ’s Midland , Mich . , facility .
Global Solar of Tucson , Ariz. , is supplying the thin - film solar cells .
Thin - film has generally not been used for residential systems because of its relatively low efficiency – Global Solar ’s cells are 10 percent efficient .
That means a larger array is required generate the same of amount of electricity as conventional solar panels .
But Dave Parrillo , the senior research and development director for Dow Solar Solutions , said the solar shingles can offset between 40 percent and 80 percent of a home ’s electricity consumption .
Ms. Palmieri said a solar shingle array is 10 percent to 15 percent cheaper than a standard rack - mounted solar panel system and about 40 percent less expensive than competing building - integrated photovoltaic products .
“ Our objective is to prove that this can be a mainstream adopted product , ” she said .
Everyone has a story .
What ’s yours ?
Visible .me is the fun , simple way to create your own video autobiography to share with others .
Around the world , thousands of scientists have devoted their professional lives to studying the climate .
Not centrally organised , they sometimes build temporary affiliations but they remain scientists throughout – that is , they are independent , constantly challenge each other and are committed to searching for truth through objective , independently verifiable evidence .
Overwhelmingly , this evidence has led to four conclusions .
The first is that the world is warming .
The global average temperature has increased by about 0.8 degrees since 1850 , with most of the increase occurring since 1950 .
The warming varies among decades because of natural fluctuations but the overall trend has been inexorably upward .
Warming is evident in other indicators , such as rising sea levels and reduced sea-ice and snow cover .
Of these , the most important measure is the extra heat in the oceans , which is steadily rising .
Claims that climate change has reversed since 1998 are misrepresentations of the full data .
The second conclusion is that the dominant cause of the warming since about 1950 is the increase in the atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases released by human activities , of which carbon dioxide ( CO
This critical conclusion is based on several independent lines of evidence , including basic physics , studies of climate changes in both in the geological past and in the industrial era , and finally – but far from solely – from the predictions of climate models .
Together , these provide an overwhelming case that increasing greenhouse gas concentrations cause warming , and that CO
Ein Polizeisprecher teilte auf Anfrage mit , der Einsatz von " Stabilisatoren " sei in Berlin kein Einzelfall , sondern " eine bewährte taktische Maßnahme bei Veranstaltungen mit hohem Gefährdungspotential " .
Jetzt müssen wir nur noch für die Demonstranten ein paar Kilometer entfernt eine " First Amendment Zone " absperren , und dann … oh warte , haben wir schon .
Nennt sich " Bannmeile " .
( Danke , Terrorpudel )
The White House has declined to comment about the image Google has apologised over a racially offensive picture of Michelle Obama that appeared when users searched for images of the US first lady .
The image came top of the Google Images results for " Michelle Obama " .
Google placed a notice over the picture titled " Offensive Search Results " , saying : " Sometimes our search results can be offensive .
We agree . "
Later on Wednesday the image dropped from top image results , though the BBC understands Google did not remove it .
Instead , the image appeared to have been removed from the site that originally published it , and was therefore no longer appearing prominently in Google searches .
The White House has declined to comment .
Users who click on the advertisement above the image were directed to a statement from Google , which explained that its results " can include disturbing content , even from innocuous queries " .
ANALYSIS Martin Asser , BBC Search Engine specialist Freedom of access to the internet means much offensive material resides there , but ordinary users are seldom exposed to it in daily online activity .
Occasionally , however , the world 's most popular search engine , Google , highlights such material , which is what has happened with a mock - up photo of Michelle Obama .
The cause is Google 's system of algorithmic analysis , which , without human intervention , ranks sites according to things like the number of links pointing there and the amount of activity at the site .
The shocking doctored image of Mrs Obama must have immediately created a flurry of interest - mainly negative - and that sent the image shooting up Google 's rankings .
" We apologise if you 've had an upsetting experience using Google , " the company said .
Google says a website 's ranking in its search results relies heavily on computer algorithms , using thousands of factors to calculate a page 's relevance to a given query .
But the search engine says it does not remove images simply because it receives complaints .
" Google views the integrity of our search results as an extremely important priority , " it said .
" Accordingly , we do not remove a page from our search results simply because its content is unpopular or because we receive complaints concerning it . "
However , the California - based web giant says it will take down certain images , if required by law to do so .
A spokesman for Google , Scott Rubin , would not give details on how the image - which has sparked fury in the blogosphere - ended up as top result for the wife of President Barack Obama .
' Slippery slope '
The picture first surfaced earlier this month , when it was removed because the site hosting it violated Google guidelines by spreading so - called malware - malicious software designed to infiltrate other computers .
But the image then reappeared on another site , apparently untainted by malware , meaning Google was bound by its own rules not to meddle with the search , according to technology analysts .
HAVE YOUR SAY
It 's disgustingly racist and very offensive , but it's not Google 's job to decide what is acceptable Colin Walker , Cardiff , Wales David Vise , a Pulitzer prize - winning journalist and author of The Google Story , told the BBC the search engine 's results get to the top based on popularity , not because of any ranking system by people .
He added : " If Google got a call from the White House telling them it's against the law to have an offensive image of this kind which portrays the first lady in a racist manner as a monkey or an ape , then they would be obliged to take it down and I 'm sure they would do so immediately . "
But he said it would be a " very slippery slope " if Google were to try to police the limits of free speech .
" Once you begin to block images , who is to say .
It 's like the Supreme Court of the United States once said , ' what is pornography ? '
Well we can't define it , but we know it when we see it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By H. Darr Beiser , USA TODAY
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Chairman Shelia
Bair responds to questions : Community banks are coming under intense pressure from a crumbling commercial real estate market , a weak economy — and lop - sided competition with banking goliaths deemed too big to fail , FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair said Monday .
As the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. braces for the 100th bank failure this year — the most since 1992 — Bair warned that small community banks are struggling to compete against behemoths such as Citigroup and Bank of America .
The reason : Last year 's $ 700 billion bank bailout proved that the federal government is willing to spend whatever it takes to keep the biggest banks from going under .
" ' Too big to fail ' has become worse , " Bair told USA TODAY .
" It 's become explicit when it was implicit before .
It creates competitive disparities between large and small institutions , because everybody knows small institutions can fail .
So it 's more expensive for them to raise capital and secure funding . "
The left - leaning Center for Economic and Policy Research last month found that banks with more than $ 100 billion in assets paid 1.15 % for funds , and all others paid 1.93 % late last year and early this year .
That amounted to an annual subsidy worth up to $ 34.1 billion for the 18 biggest bank companies .
" They compete against community banks all over the nation , " says Camden Fine , president of the Independent Community Bankers of America .
Community banks " did n't do anything wrong .
They did n't cause this train wreck . "
Another threat : Commercial real estate — small banks ' bread and butter — is deteriorating because of the weak economy .
" This is going to be a continued source of stress , " Bair said .
She says things wo n't get as bad as they did when the savings - and - loan crisis claimed 1,373 banks from 1985 to 1992 .
There were 25 bank failures last year , and there have been 99 this year .
" One hundred will come shortly , " Bair said .
" These will continue at a good pace this year and next — but I do n't think anywhere close to what we saw during the S&L days . "
Joshua Siegel of private - equity firm StoneCastle Partners calculates that at least 1,200 small banks are " under extreme stress as measured by insufficient capital , poor liquidity , profitability and asset - quality problems . "
Frederick Cannon , chief equity strategist at Keefe Bruyette & Woods , expects that bank failures might " exceed 500 banks and could go much higher . "
He said regional banks are most vulnerable to losses in commercial real estate , which accounts for 32 % of their loans vs. 10 % for the biggest banks .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong - il – who is known for shunning air travel – has six luxurious trains equipped with reception halls , conference rooms and hi-tech communication facilities , according to a Seoul newspaper .
There are also 19 stations across North Korea that exclusively serve his trains , which have a total of some 90 carriages , the Chosun Ilbo reported , citing an analysis by South Korean and US intelligence services .
It said the information was obtained via US spy satellites , reconnaissance aircraft and the testimonies of North Korean defectors .
But South Korea 's National Intelligence Service and the US military command in Seoul said they were unable to confirm the report .
The paper said Kim uses the trains when he visits army units and factories or travels abroad and that each armoured train has modern communications equipment , such as satellite phones , enabling the leader to obtain briefings and issue orders while travelling .
Kim 's train travels at less than breakneck speed , said the paper , usually 37 mph ( 60 kph ) .
To cope with any attempts to harm the North Korean leader , his train travels between two others , with the first running ahead to check the safety of railway lines and the second to carry a retinue of security agents and followers , Chosun Ilbo said .
The paper quoted an unidentified source as saying security measures on the trains were boosted after an explosion in 2004 that killed about 160 people and injured 1,300 others .
The blast in Ryongchon , near the border with China , was believed to have been caused by a train laden with oil and chemicals hitting power lines .
But the explosion occurred hours after Kim reportedly passed through the station on his way home from a three - day visit to China , sparking speculation it might have been an assassination attempt .
The reclusive leader rarely travels abroad – and only under tight security – and avoids flying .
He last visited China in 2006 , though state media recently reported that the Chinese president , Hu Jintao , has invited him to visit again .
It 's not clear when or even if the 67 - year - old Kim , who reportedly suffered a stroke last year , will accept the invitation .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 5
Halloween 's Moon
Credit & Copyright : Miguel Claro
Explanation : Illuminating the landscape all through the night of November 2nd , this week 's bright Full Moon was known in the northern hemisphere as a Hunter 's Moon .
But this dramatic view of the shining lunar orb , from Sobreda , Portugal , was captured just a few nights earlier , on Halloween .
In the spirit of the season , the image plays a little trick .
The picture is actually two digital photos - one short and one long exposure .
They were combined to bring out the details of the bright lunar surface and the fainter features in the dark , surrounding clouds , in a single image .
Of course , you may recognize some of the spookier shapes in the clouds as having visited your neighborhood last week , along with Halloween 's Moon .
by Sheila Cohen , NUJ Book Branch
Rulers are often more afraid of the political implications of worker activity than workers are aware of them .
To take an extreme example , when the police went on strike in 1919 Lloyd George famously intoned , “ The country was nearer to Bolshevism that day than any time since ” .
How many of the high - helmeted bobbies packing Whitehall would have seen it like that ?
So , coming down to earth a bit , when the Financial Times once again evokes that tired old phrase “ Winter of Discontent ” , perhaps we should take it seriously .
In fact , the headline was “ Union discontent set to rise this winter ” ( 26th October , p.2 ) , but the implication is obvious ; strike incidence has risen enough to attract notice despite the FT ’s realistic conclusion that “ …even if the postal strikes continue , the national annual tally of [ strike days ] is likely to remain far below the levels of the 1980s and earlier . ”
As we now know , the postal strikes are not , for the time being at least , “ continuing ” — to the fury of many postal workers .
But the FT also includes in its list BA cabin crew , FirstGroup train drivers , Swissport baggage handlers and London underground staff .
While the Leeds refuse and street cleaning workers , now in the tenth week of their all - out , cross-union strike , are also included , the FT notes that most groups now in dispute “ are in the communications and transport sector . ”
This , and indeed the Leeds action , undermines the “ manufacturing versus service ” argument which focusses on the decline of the allegedly more powerful manufacturing sector — though manufacturing and other manual workers certainly played their part in the three major outbreaks of industrial unrest earlier this year ( Visteon , Vestas and engineering construction ) .
So are we at the dawn of an upsurge ?
It seems unlikely .
But if we look back almost one hundred years ago to the day , i.e. the turn of the year 1909 - 10 , things were hotting up in Britain after a long period of weakness and membership loss in the trade union movement very similar to our own long - lasting malaise .
As one history recounts , “ Trade union membership grew only very slowly in the 1890s and 1900s , and [ there was ] a marked reduction in worker successes during strikes …
From the 1890s there was a clear trend amongst the …unions to accept institutionalised collective bargaining with employers … and to oppose militant direct action … ”
Sound familiar ?
But look at what comes next : “ As the economy improved after the deep 1908 - 9 depression workers increasingly took unofficial action … ” .
And then , of course , along came the explosion of militancy which has been labelled the “ Great Unrest ” of 1910 - 1914 .
While no one is saying that the current recession is anything like over , the issues which prompted workers into action in the pre-Great Unrest period were very similar to those confronting workers today — acute labour intensification , wage freezes or reductions , and in general an employer agenda of almost sadistic aggression .
Thus , in a syndrome sometimes despised by the intellectual left , workers were forced into struggle by the actions of employers , rather than forming any kind of conscious “ political ” agenda of resistance .
The now - postponed postal strike is an example of this .
Faced with an employer agenda of low and static pay , literally heavier workloads , unilateral breakage of agreements and massive bullying and intimidation , postal workers in some areas pre-empted the national strike with a series of guerrilla actions born out of anger and despair at the actions of management .
As one rep put it , “ There ’s a war going on … We ’re in a war with Royal Mail . ”
But it is n’t , of course , just the postal workers .
At the time of writing this , new examples of workplace - based conflict seem to be coming in droves .
The nine - week strike by bin workers in Leeds over “ single status ” has just been mirrored by their workmates in Brighton with all - out action sparked by the prospect of pay cuts of up to £ 8,000 per worker under the loony logic of , um , equal pay .
Their branch secretary commented , “ I ’ve never seen such a solid group of workers . ”
Fujitsu workers — high - tech professionals who are n’t supposed to do things like taking strike action — will be walking out this week ( 12th , 13th and 16th November ) after an overwhelming vote for industrial action over the company ’s announcement of a pay freeze , 1,200 redundancies and the closure of a final salary pension scheme to new staff .
A comrade from the NUJ emails us about “ a strike you may not have heard about ” — workers at a huge Superdrug warehouse close to the now defunct Frickley Colliery in West Yorkshire came out on indefinite strike on 4th November against the company ’s imposition of drastic changes to pay and working conditions including the abolition of shift payments , changes to shift patterns without notice , lowered pension entitlement and reduced sick pay .
Also from the NUJ comes news of a wave of disputes in the Sheffield area signalled by a cartoon in the local paper headed — you ’ve guessed it — “ Looks like we ’re in for an early Winter of Discontent this year ! ”
The cartoon figures are surrounded by snowballs bearing the words “ Strike ” .
The Evening Standard of 2nd November reported the British Airways dispute in terms of “ a revolt of middle England ” in which workers at a mass meeting spoke of their “ anger and frustration ” at management ’s imposition of new contracts on top of thousands of job cuts and a pay freeze .
The paper quotes a worker as saying “ We are not militant trade unionists looking for a confrontation … ”
On the news the same night , airline workers complained that the company “ just would not listen ” —
“ They ’ll impose this on you , and you accept it , and they ’ll just do the same and the same … ”
“ This is a fundamental fight . ”
A week later , a strike by East London bus workers over a pay freeze was also on the news — covered not sympathetically ( surprise ) , but the workers were given a 30 - second spot in which they said , as so many have before them : “ It ’s come to a point where we ’ve got to make a stand — enough is enough . ”
And — stop press — teachers in an East London school have just gone on strike against the proposal to turn it into a “ Trust ” , while First Capital Connect train drivers who were refusing to carry out Sunday overtime on reduced rates have now extended their action to weekdays .
“ The company was the union ’s best organiser ”
What to make of it all ?
The main point about this spate of disputes is that , although nothing new in itself , it speaks yet again to the unfailing power of capital to mobilise workers and of workers to demonstrate over and over again the “ old - fashioned ” virtues of solidarity , self - activity , direct democracy and just sheer class resistance .
In other words , it represents — yet again — a reiteration of the truths that we as socialists hold self - evident : that yes , there are such things as class , class struggle and working - class potential to challenge and , in some cases , seriously worry our apparently omnipotent rulers .
Enough said ?
No , not quite .
If “ we ” — i.e. , the left in some form — continue with business as usual , viz each group selling its papers and waving its own particular banners on the picket line , things wo n’t change .
As a postal worker rep said to me recently when asked for his views on political action : “ In 2007 we had all the little groups round here selling their papers .
Two years later we ’ve got the same little groups selling their papers . ”
He was not impressed .
Is there another way ?
Yes , as shown in historical examples good , bad and frustrating .
The Great Unrest , as readers will know , was followed by the splendid might of the First World War Shop Stewards ’
Movement , which displayed some of the most magnificent examples of solidarity and sheer cross- working - class power yet seen under capitalism .
Why did n’t it lead to a British revolution , despite the ruling class shaking in its boots at the threat ?
Lack of unity was one reason , an over - developed trust in trade union leaderships another .
Fast - forward to the last major upsurge in Britain , 1968 - 74 .
There were two relatively “ non-sectarian ” attempts to consolidate and unite working - class struggle : the Liaison Committee for the Defence of the Trade Unions ( LCDTU ) , run by the Communist Party , and the International Socialists ’ Rank - and - File Movement .
Both collapsed , or at least faded away – the LCDTU because the CP decided that chasing after the coat - tails of left - wing MPs and trade union leaders was more important than mobilising the rank and file , and the IS initiative because its leadership wanted to turn the “ group ” into a Party .
These crude assessments will probably be challenged , though believe me there ’s evidence for them .
But what about now ?
This is only a “ mini- upsurge ” , but the same truths remain .
We desperately need , in this country , a non-sectarian network which can link activists together without an agenda of joining this or that — simply one of building on the existing strength of workers in the workplace , the existing level of anger and revolt amongst strikers and activists , rather than waving manifestos and preaching Party programmes .
The working class has enormous potential to build towards socialism on the basis of its own experience .
That potential has very rarely been acknowledged or welcomed by the left .
The Leninists among us can take comfort in the thought that Lenin himself was one of the strongest advocates of simply learning from what workers can tell us .
Where to go with all this ?
Well , we should count ourselves lucky — there is an organisation potentially of that nature existing in Britain today .
It ’s called the National Shop Stewards ’ Network .
The NSSN could begin this task now — the task of building a cross-movement network of activists .
After all , there ’s the material to build on .
The most recent research shows that the number of shop stewards , though much reduced , can still be estimated at around 200,000 .
Even if only one per cent of these existing activists were brought together to build a network based on the simple principles of cross-sectoral organisation and workplace trade union democracy , it would be more than a start — the potential would be enormous .
This time , let ’s be ready for the next upsurge with a leadership rooted and built within the trade union movement rather than brought in from outside , embodied in a working - class network based on explicit principles of independence from management propaganda and direct trade union democracy which would be more than equal to combat the diversions and confusions undermining the potential of previous groundswells of working - class struggle .
« For more information on the NSSN , see their website at www.shopstewards.net.
The " security officials " were detained a few miles within Pakistan 's border
Pakistan has detained 11 Iranian " security officers " on its border after giving chase to some smugglers .
Earlier , local officials had said they were members of the elite Revolutionary Guards force , but later reports made no reference to this .
The Iranians were detained near Mashkel district , after shooting out the tyres of the smuggler 's car , reports say .
Iranian state TV says some of the men were " border guards hunting smugglers who had accidently entered Pakistan . "
A Pakistani security official said the Iranians were arrested about four miles ( seven km ) from the border with Iran .
Pakistan officials said the detainees had been travelling in two cars without travel documents .
The Iranian official state news agency interviewed the commander of Sistan - Baluichstan 's border guards , who says eight of his personnel were detained .
General Gholam - Nabi Kuhkan said : " Pakistani local security forces arrived [ at the scene ] and arrested the [ Iranian ] police members as well as three smugglers .
" Pakistan 's police have contacted [ Iran ] ... saying they could not distinguish the police from the smugglers ... and had to arrest them all .
" Final arrangements are being made to release the police personnel , " he added .
The arrests come just over a week since a suicide bomb killed 42 people , among them six Revolutionary Guard commanders , in Iran 's Sistan - Baluchistan province .
Iran said a Sunni militant group had launched the attack from Pakistan .
Islamabad denied any involvement .
Situated on the far west coast of Canada , on the southern tip of Vancouver Island , Victoria is the capital city of the Province of British Columbia .
Its benign climate ( the warmest winters in Canada ) and placid lifestyle make it a favorite retirement location as well as a popular tourist destination .
About 400,000 people live in Victoria and adjacent communities .
Click the photos to see them larger !
President Barack Obama recently announced that he was determined to " finish the job " in Afghanistan , and aides signaled to allies that he would send as many as 25,000 to 30,000 additional American troops there .
Obama will formally announce his decision in a national address at 8 p.m. Tuesday from the Military Academy at West Point .
As casualties mount on both sides , 2009 is shaping up to be the deadliest year yet for coalition troops - twice as deadly as 2008 .
American and Afghan officials have been encouraged by the recent rise of independent anti-Taliban militias in Afghanistan , even though their emergence is recent and supporting them raises fears of the consequences of arming and training Islamic militants .
Collected here are images of the country and conflict over the past month , part of an ongoing monthly series on Afghanistan .
( 42 photos total
-- Adder.hs
{-# LANGUAGE ForeignFunctionInterface #-}
module Adder where
adder :: Int ->
Int -> IO Int -- gratuitous use of IO
adder x y = return ( x+y )
foreign export stdcall adder :: Int ->
Int ->
IO Int
// StartEnd.c
#include < Rts.h >
extern void __stginit_Adder ( void ) ;
void HsStart ( )
{
int argc = 1 ;
char* argv[ ] = { " ghcDll " , NULL} ; // argv must end with NULL
// Initialize Haskell runtime
char ** args = argv ;
hs_init ( &argc , &args ) ;
// Tell Haskell about all root modules
hs_add_root(__stginit_Adder ) ;
}
void HsEnd ( )
{
hs_exit ( ) ;
}
Adder
$ ghc -c Adder.hs
$ ghc -c StartEnd.c
$ ghc - shared -o Adder.dll Adder . o Adder_stub.o StartEnd.o
HsStart
HsEnd
DllMain
hs_init
hs_exit
- threaded
Private Declare Function Adder Lib " Adder.dll " Alias " adder@8 " _
( ByVal x As Long , ByVal y As Long ) As Long
Private Declare Sub HsStart Lib " Adder.dll " ()
Private Declare Sub HsEnd Lib " Adder.dll " ()
Private Sub Document_Close ()
HsEnd
End Sub
Private Sub Document_Open ( )
HsStart
End Sub
Public Sub Test ( )
MsgBox " 12 + 5 = " & Adder ( 12 , 5 )
End Sub
Document_Open
Close
HsStart
HsEnd
// Tester.cpp
#include " HsFFI . h "
#include " Adder_stub . h "
#include < stdio.h >
extern " C " {
void HsStart ( ) ;
void HsEnd ( ) ;
}
int main ( )
{
HsStart ( ) ;
// can now safely call functions from the DLL
printf ( " 12 + 5 = %i
" , adder ( 12,5 ) ) ;
HsEnd ( ) ;
return 0 ;
}
$ ghc -o tester Tester.cpp Adder.dll .a
$ tester
12 + 5 = 17
The current section of the GHC manual on creating DLL's on Windows is fairly confusing to read , and has some bugs ( i.e. 3605 ) .
Since I got tripped up by the current documentation , I offered to rewrite sections 11.6.2 and 11.6.3 ( merging them in the process ) .
Creating Windows DLL's with GHC is surprisingly easy , and my revised manual section includes an example which can be called from both Microsoft Word ( using VBA ) and C ++.
I 've pasted the revised manual section as the rest of this blog post .
I 'll shortly be submitting it to the GHC team , so any feedback is welcome .
This section describes how to create DLLs to be called from other languages , such as Visual Basic or C ++.
This is a special case of Section 8.2.1.2 , " Making a Haskell library that can be called from foreign code " ; we 'll deal with the DLL - specific issues that arise below .
Here 's an example : Use foreign export declarations to export the Haskell functions you want to call from the outside .
For example : Add some helper code that starts up and shuts down the Haskell RTS :
Here , is the name of the root module in the module tree ( as mentioned above , there must be a single root module , and hence a single module tree in the DLL ) .
Compile everything up : Now the file Adder.dll can be used from other programming languages .
Before calling any functions in Adder it is necessary to call , and at the very end callNOTE :
It may appear tempting to useto call , but this wo n’t work ( particularly if you compile with ) .
An example of using Adder.dll from VBA is : This example uses thefunctions of Microsoft Word , but providedis called before the first function , andafter the last , then it will work fine .
An example of using Adder.dll from C++ is : This can be compiled and run with :
Six years ago I wrote a book called " Uncle Sam's Plantation . "
I wrote the book to tell my own story of what I saw living inside the welfare state and my own transformation out of it .
I said in that book that indeed there are two Americas .
A poor America on socialism and a wealthy America on capitalism .
I talked about government programs like Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) , Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training ( JOBS ) , Emergency Assistance to Needy Families with Children ( EANF ) , Section 8 Housing , and Food Stamps .
A vast sea of perhaps well intentioned government programs , all initially set into motion in the 1960's , that were going to lift the nation 's poor out of poverty .
A benevolent Uncle Sam welcomed mostly poor black Americans onto the government plantation .
Those who accepted the invitation switched mindsets from " How do I take care of myself ? " to " What do I have to do to stay on the plantation ? "
Instead of solving economic problems , government welfare socialism created monstrous moral and spiritual problems .
The kind of problems that are inevitable when individuals turn responsibility for their lives over to others .
The legacy of American socialism is our blighted inner cities , dysfunctional inner city schools , and broken black families .
Through God 's grace , I found my way out .
It was then that I understood what freedom meant and how great this country is .
I had the privilege of working on welfare reform in 1996 , passed by a Republican congress and signed into law by a Democrat president .
A few years after enactment , welfare roles were down fifty percent .
I thought we were on the road to moving socialism out of our poor black communities and replacing it with wealth producing American capitalism .
But , incredibly , we are going in the opposite direction .
Instead of poor America on socialism becoming more like rich American on capitalism , rich America on capitalism is becoming like poor America on socialism .
Uncle Sam has welcomed our banks onto the plantation and they have said , " Thank you , Suh . "
Now , instead of thinking about what creative things need to be done to serve customers , they are thinking about what they have to tell Massah in order to get their cash .
There is some kind of irony that this is all happening under our first black president on the 200th anniversary of the birthday of Abraham Lincoln .
Worse , socialism seems to be the element of our new young president .
And maybe even more troubling , our corporate executives seem happy to move onto the plantation .
In an op -ed on the opinion page of the Washington Post , Mr. Obama is clear that the goal of his trillion dollar spending plan is much more than short term economic stimulus .
" This plan is more than a prescription for short - term spending - it 's a strategy for America 's long - term growth and opportunity in areas such as renewable energy , health care , and education . "
Perhaps more incredibly , Obama seems to think that government taking over an economy is a new idea .
Or that massive growth in government can take place " with unprecedented transparency and accountability . "
Yes , sir , we heard it from Jimmy Carter when he created the Department of Energy , the Synfuels Corporation , and the Department of Education .
Or how about the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 -- The War on Poverty -- which President Johnson said " ... does not merely expand old programs or improve what is already being done .
It charts a new course .
It strikes at the causes , not just the consequences of poverty . "
Trillions of dollars later , black poverty is the same .
But black families are not , with triple the incidence of single parent homes and out of wedlock births .
It 's not complicated .
Americans can accept Barack Obama 's invitation to move onto the plantation .
Or they can choose personal responsibility and freedom .
Does anyone really need to think about what the choice should be ?
The creator of a controversial play which depicts Christ returned to earth as a female transsexual has accused critics of misinterpreting her work .
Nearly 300 people picketed the opening night of Jesus , Queen of Heaven at the Tron Theatre in Glasgow this week , part of the city ’s publicly funded annual Glasgay !
arts festival .
Protesters lit candles , sang hymns and brandished placards saying : " Jesus , King of Kings , Not Queen of Heaven " and " God : My Son Is Not A Pervert . "
But the play ’s writer and sole performer Jo Clifford , who is herself transgender and a committed Christian , has been deeply shocked by the reaction to the play .
She said opponents , who had not seen the piece , were wrong to condemn her and had misunderstood her intentions .
She said : “ I think it is very sad that the protest has enlisted Christians who have difficulties with gays and transsexuals .
I wanted to point out that this does not have any foundation in the Bible .
The people who angered Jesus were the scribes , Pharisees and hypocrites – the people who were deeply prejudiced those who passed judgment on people they did not know . ”
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 59 - year - old playwright from Edinburgh , formerly known as John Clifford , switched genders nine years ago following the death of her partner with whom she had two children .
Her specially commissioned play , which was described by one reviewer as “ overburdened by its ambition and a central characterisation that could inspire no - one ” has a capacity audience of just 25 .
Since the publicity over the protests it has sold all remaining seats until the run comes to an end on Saturday
Organisers hope it could transfer to another theatre , festival or even church but have grown increasingly dismayed at the tone of the reaction in a city which recently reported a 32 per cent rise in homophobic attacks .
Ms Clifford ’s next play Every
One is due to open at Edinburgh ’s Royal Lyceum next year .
The festival ’s press agent Alan Miller said : “ This is really not what we anticipated .
We understood it was a provocative subject and there might be some problems though we never imagined protests like this .
There have been a lot of complaints to the theatre but Jo has received a lot of positive correspondence and support on phone -ins as well . ”
However , a spokesman for Archbishop Mario Conti , the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Glasgow , said it was “ difficult to imagine a more provocative and offensive abuse of Christian beliefs . ”
He said it was particularly troubling following an earlier exhibition at Glasgow ’s Gallery of Modern
Art as part of the same festival which encouraged visitors to write comments on a Bible which he described as “ part of an agenda to mock Christianity ” .
" Far from combating prejudice , productions like this reinforce stereotypes .
Organisers should realise that you do not promote tolerance of the minority by offending and insulting the majority , ” the spokesman said .
A local quango , Culture and Sport Glasgow , received £ 25,000 in a grant from the city council towards the cost of the festival now in its 16th year which attracts 25,000 art fans .
But opponents have questioned why it is continuing to receive funding while other budgets are being cut .
Among those taking part in the protest on Tuesday was Pastor Jack Bell of the protestant Zion Baptist Church who has previously led opposition against Jerry Springer , the Musical as well as stars such as Billy Connolly and Marilyn Manson over alleged blasphemy .
He told reporters : “ If this play had treated the prophet Mohammed in the same way there would have been a strong reaction from the Islamic community , but that just would n't happen . ”
FORWARD OPERATING BASE SALERNO , Khost Province , Afghanistan —
It 's tough doing development work in an Afghan war zone .
Just ask the Indiana National Guard Agribusiness Development Team , a group of 64 farmer - soldiers working in Khost , an insurgency - inflamed province on the Pakistan border .
Since arriving here nine months ago , the team ( known as ADT ) has been a development phalanx of the U. S. military ’s counterinsurgency strategy .
Think of the ADT as extreme ag - extension agents .
They travel the rebellious hinterlands in massive armored MRAP vehicles , with their well - armed security platoon protecting the team ’s agriculture specialists .
In the process of spearheading their agricultural projects , the ADT has encountered numerous IEDs , rocket and mortar attacks , and the constant threat of ambush and assassination .
Hand - picked for both agricultural skills and a capacity to operate in a most un-Hoosier environment , the ADT is an elite Indiana National Guard unit .
It ’s top - heavy with an inordinate amount of brass and learning .
“ You ca n’t swing a cat in here without hitting someone with an advanced degree , ” says Capt .
Robert Cline , himself a southern Indiana cattle farmer and prosecuting attorney with a Masters in accounting .
To prepare themselves for their central Asian mission , the team underwent agricultural training with Purdue University ’s Afghanistan Project , and extensive Afghan language and cultural training at Indiana University , home of one of the world ’s top central Asian studies departments .
Designed to be small - scale and Afghan - appropriate , the ADT projects include animal husbandry and para- vet training , water projects to improve irrigation and erosion control , rangeland management for this semi-arid land , seed improvement and fertilizer application training , beekeeping and poultry projects , some for impoverished women .
The team plans to establish tree nurseries and orchards , as well as use trees to establish agricultural field buffers to help with desiccation .
Rather than expensive infrastructure projects , there is a focus on sustainability and training .
“ Knowledge is something the Taliban cannot blow up or burn down , ” ADT commander Col. Brian Copes says to Afghans in village shuras ( meetings ) .
“ They get that , ” he continues .
“ Every time I ’ve thrown that out , they get that , they understand that . ”
A cerebral soldier with strong people skills , Copes grew up Hoosier hill - country farm boy , which helps him understand hardscrabble Afghan farming .
But all of this warm and fuzzy humanitarian work is nested in classic counterinsurgency strategy , which dictates that long - term development is essential to beating a popular insurgency .
Col .
Mike Howard is the commander of Task Force Yukon , responsible for some of eastern Afghanistan ’s most kinetic ( military - speak for violent ) provinces .
Howard says his focus is now on stabilizing operations — combat operations and training Afghan security forces .
But he quickly adds , “ The stabilizing stuff keeps everybody settled down .
It ’s very near - term .
It ’s very inefficient and there ’s lots of criticism because it ’s inefficient and costs a lot of money .
But it keeps things settled down so that long - term developers like the ADT can increase agribusiness development .
I mean , we spent a lot of money on oil in Iraq because it was an oil - based economy .
Well , we got to spend a lot of money on agriculture in Afghanistan because it ’s an agricultural - based economy . ”
So the ADT has the skill set , assets and support to operate in a conflict zone like Khost Province .
And they need all of it to do even small projects , such as a recent water project in contentious Tani District .
Starting last April , the ADT designed a series of 87 tiny , piled - rock dams for a seasonal mountain stream .
As part of the military ’s pay - for - work strategy for military - age Afghan males ( to theoretically out - pay Taliban recruiters ) , the ADT planned to pay men from two adjacent villages , Shobo Khel and Zanda Khel , to construct the dams .
To bring project to fruition , the ADT had to resolve an old conflict between the two taciturn villages , negotiate the multiplicity of U.S. and Afghan governmental entities intent on their own agendas ( Copes sometimes quotes Pogo : “ We have met the enemy , and he is us . ” ) , bring a corrupt and inefficient contractor to heel , and survive an IED attack .
Even quality control is tough , involving a convoy of 10 MRAPs , dozens of security soldiers to guard against Taliban operating out of a village a kilometer away , and a willingness to gear down to central Asian tribal time to resolve the latest crisis .
But in the end , there are a 150 Afghan farmers working to build sustainable dams that will bring increased crops and healthier livestock to these impoverished and historically Taliban - tolerant villages .
While the long - term outcome of the ADT ’s work is yet to be determined , these villagers are clearly affected by the team ’s efforts .
“ If we are seeing the bad people , we are to be letting know the Afghan government — absolutely , ” volunteers one turbaned Shobo Khel elder through an ADT interpreter , who adds , “ He say , ‘ I am really appreciating from the ADT they starting this kind of project in my area . ’ ”
The world 's oceans are absorbing less carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) , a Yale geophysicist has found after pooling data taken over the past 50 years .
With the oceans currently absorbing over 40 percent of the CO 2 emitted by human activity , this could quicken the pace of climate change , according to the study , which appears in the November 25 issue of Geophysical Research Letters .
Jeffrey Park , professor of geology and geophysics and director of the Yale Institute for Biospheric Studies , used data collected from atmospheric observing stations in Hawaii , Alaska and Antarctica to study the relationship between fluctuations in global temperatures and the global abundance of atmospheric CO 2 on interannual ( one to 10 years ) time scales .
A similar study from 20 years ago found a five - month lag between interannual temperature changes and the resulting changes in CO 2 levels .
Park has now found that this lag has increased from five to at least 15 months .
" No one had updated the analysis from 20 years ago , " Park said .
" I expected to find some change in the lag time , but the shift was surprisingly large .
This is a big change . "
With a longer lag time , atmospheric CO 2 can no longer adjust fully to cyclical temperature fluctuations before the next cycle begins , suggesting that the oceans have lost some of their ability to absorb CO 2 from the atmosphere .
Weaker CO 2 absorption could be caused by a change in ocean circulation or just an overall increase in the surface temperature .
" Think of the oceans like soda , " Park said .
" Warm cola holds less fizz , " Park said .
" The same thing happens as the oceans warm up . "
Increases in CO 2 levels have tended to precede increases in temperature over the past century , with the human influence on climate accumulating over many decades of burning fossil fuels and clearing forests .
However , this relationship is reversed on interannual time scales , with multiyear temperature cycles leading multiyear cycles in CO 2 levels .
Park found particularly strong correlations between sea-surface temperatures and CO 2 levels in tropical ocean areas .
Conversely , in places with a lot of trees and other biomass to soak up much of the atmospheric CO 2 , there was little or no correlation between temperature and CO 2 on interannual time scales .
In those places , such as the vast forests of North America and Eurasia , a large annual CO 2 cycle synchronizes with the seasonal growth and decay of plants .
The fibre directs light to a nano - material where energy is produced Solar power could be produced cheaply in specially designed optical fibres , say researchers .
The work , published in the journal Angewandte Chemie , makes use of nanometre - scale wires built around optical fibres like bristles .
Those wires give the light much more surface area to interact with , leading to higher overall efficiencies .
However , only the ends of the fibres must be exposed - they funnel the light elsewhere for power generation .
Instead of roof - sized panels , small collectors could be used on the roof , with the real machinery of solar power generation tucked away , for example , between a home 's walls .
" Using this technology , we can make photovoltaic generators that are foldable , concealed and mobile , " said Zhong Lin Wang of the Georgia Institute of Technology in the US .
Dye job
The most efficient - and the most familiar - solar cells are those based on silicon , which absorbs light , generates electrons , and shuttles them around to create a current .
Recent years have seen leaps and bounds in the use of so - called dye - sensitised solar cells , in which the electrons are released from special dye molecules designed to absorb sunlight .
While dye - sensitised cells are promising because they make use of cheap and robust materials , they are comparatively inefficient .
The new method starts with commercial optical fibre , like that used in telecommunications , with the outer layer stripped off .
The team then creates a " forest " of zinc oxide nanowires around the fibre , and deposits the dye molecules over them .
This creates a much larger effective surface area that helps to boost the cells ' efficiency .
It 's a clever way to make better use of the light
Saif Haque ,
Imperial College London
What is more , the light needs enter only at the ends of the fibres , so a large - scale implementation could see just small collectors on a roof , with the bulk of the power - generating materials tucked away .
" Optical fibre could conduct sunlight into a building 's walls where the nanostructures would convert it to electricity .
This is truly a three - dimensional solar cell , " Professor Wang said .
Professor
Wang said that future modifications to the surfaces of the nanowires could boost the devices ' efficiency .
" It 's really nice , elegant work , " said Saif Haque , a solar cell researcher from Imperial College London .
" It 's a clever way to make better use of the light . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Only in the crazy world of real estate can you hear something like :
“ Your return on investment for a kitchen remodel is 100 percent . ”
“ Your ROI on a new deck or patio is 80 percent . ”
“ New granite counter - tops will return 100 percent . ”
“ Invest that $ 40,000 into a new bedroom and bathroom addition and you can expect a 90 percent return . ”
Here ’s a news flash for the real estate agents out there : Return On Investment ( ROI ) is n’t measured by the return OF your money , but the return ON your money .
It ’s how much MORE than you invested as a percentage of WHAT you invested .
For example :
If you decide that a $ 40,000 new bedroom and bathroom addition is critical to the viability of your current home , a 90 percent ROI would mean that your home increased in value to the tune of $ 76,000 , not $ 36,000 .
In this case you received “ back ” $ 36,000 of the $ 40,000 you “ invested . ”
To me , that is n’t an investment at all .
Would you call it a “ return ” even if your investment was valued at the same amount ?
Real estate agents would call that a “ 100 percent ” return !
Imagine investing $ 40,000 into a mutual fund and at the end of one year it was worth only $ 36,000 .
The real estate agents say , “ Congratulations !
You ’ll get a 90 percent return when you sell ! ”
The financial guys say you lost 10 percent .
Start your FREE search for over 500,000 pre-foreclosure and foreclosure homes at ReatlyTrac .
If an upgrade will lose money , do n’t do it .
That is , if money is your only reason for doing it in the first place .
Your upgrade may be something that your family needs .
It may be something that improves your life or something that allows you to spend more time with your kids .
It may be necessary from a maintenance standpoint ( the floor is in bad shape or the cabinets are deteriorating ) .
In those cases , it becomes much harder to quantify and only you can decide if the upgrade is worth it .
Do n’t fall for the real estate agent ’s definition of return on investment .
You know better !
The incident raised fears of a possible hijacking
The two Northwest Airlines pilots whose plane overshot its destination by 150 miles on Wednesday say they were using their laptop computers .
The federal agency investigating the incident quoted the pilots as saying they had accessed their personal computers during the flight .
Contact with the Northwest Airlines jet was lost for more than an hour before it landed in Minneapolis .
The use of personal computers on the flight deck violates company policy .
Lost track The National Transportation Safety Board released a statement on Monday after interviewing the two pilots separately on Sunday for more than five hours .
The agency said both pilots denied speculation that they had been tired or fallen asleep during the flight .
They said they " had lost track of time " as they discussed a new crew flight scheduling system and accessed their personal computers at the same time .
They admitted that during their discussion , they did not monitor calls from air traffic controllers , nor did they notice messages sent by company dispatchers .
MID - AIR MISHAPS
Oct 09 : Police launch an inquiry after reports of Air India pilots and cabin crew coming to blows mid-air over sexual harassment claims June 08 : A Polish Boeing 737 narrowly misses hitting another aircraft over London after the wrong co-ordinates are entered into the flight computer Feb 08 : An internal Go ! flight in Hawaii overshoots its landing by 15 miles after the two pilots fall asleep at the cockpit
They stated that they had been unaware of the plane 's position until a flight attendant asked them about their estimated time of arrival five minutes prior to their scheduled landing .
It was only at this point , the captain said , that he became aware that his plane carrying 147 passengers from San Diego had overshot Minneapolis - St Paul International / Wold - Chamberlain Airport .
In total , the pilots were out of communication with air traffic controllers for more than an hour , sparking fears that their plane had been hijacked .
Fighter jets from the National Guard were put on alert to chase the airliner , although they did not take off .
Asked by air traffic control what was wrong , the pilots cited " cockpit distraction " .
They have been suspended .
The investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board continues , with the flight attendants scheduled to be interviewed later on Monday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recent articles by ZACF
« Le soldat est tombé » : disparition de Mandla Khoza , militant anarchist ...
 The soldier has fallen : Mandla Khoza , ZACF anarchist - communist and S... Έφυ γε ένα ς Νο ... Recent Articles about Southern Africa Gender
[ South Africa ] Health Care Forum calls on working class women to boyco ... by Gauteng Community Health Care Forum La società maschilista del Sud Africa , dove le aggressioni contro le d... by Alex Duval Smith South Africa 's macho society , where attacks on women are the norm by Alex Duval Smith Anarchists are Queer and Proud southern africa | gender | press release Thursday October 01 , 2009 17:43 Thursday October 01 , 2009 17:43 by ZACF - Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front by ZACF - Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front Anarchism is an ideology that fights against exploitation and all forms of oppression .
We fight for a world in which women will be equal to men , a world without racism and class inequality , a world in which LGBTI and queer people are treated with respect .
These struggles are part of the anarchist struggle against hierarchy and inequality , for an equal and free world .
Anarchists have been at the forefront in the struggle against LGBTI discrimination
From the beginning of anarchist theory , anarchism has been the first ideology to actively support LGBTI people long before other ideologies .
It is believed that one of the key anarchist thinkers , Mikhail Bakunin , was rumoured to have been homosexual and that this was one among many reasons Karl Marx threw him out of the First International , which caused the split between authoritarian communism and anarchism .
Also , Oscar Wilde , who called himself an anarchist , criticised Marx .
His famous trial and conviction of sodomy in 1895 prompted anarchists to engage in an examination of the social , moral , and legal place of same - sex desire .
The efforts of the famous anarchist and feminist Emma Goldman ( the first advocate for homosexual rights in America ) and other anarchists on Wilde 's behalf constitute the first articulation of a politics of homosexuality in the United States .
After his trial , Wilde became " a totemic figure " for the anarchists , and at a time when the American productions of Wilde 's plays were closed down and forbidden and his books pulled from library shelves , anarchist journals reprinted his texts and poems .
It was thanks to American anarchist writers and propagandists that the defense of homosexuality developed in Europe crossed the Atlantic - at a time when no other political movement or notable public figure in the US dealt with the issue of same - sex eroticism and love .
Anarchism stands for free love
Since the end of the 19th century anarchism has stood for free love and fought for it , from Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman , who wrote about his homosexual experiences in his Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist , to the free women of Spain in the Spanish Revolution of 1936 to todays feminist and queer anarchists around the world .
Queer anarchists were part of the Stonewall riots , at the forefront of Queer Nation ( launched in New York in 1990 ) and many other gay liberation groups .
The Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front ( ZACF ) stands in this tradition .
We know that gay people in South Africa have more legal rights than in most other places on earth .
But we also know that the constitution alone will not be enough to stop the chauvinism that is so persistent in our country .
Crimes against LGBTI people happen on a regular basis .
Last year we voiced our anger against the murder of gays and lesbians ( http://www.anarkismo.net/article/9140).
This year we voice our anger against the discrimination of Caster Semenya who is believed to be intersex , or at least not clearly enough a woman as many people would want her to be .
The discrimination against intersex people , so common in the sporting world , always pops up when women do extraordinarily well in sports .
This shows sexism but also heterosexism .
We are sick of the fact that in our world everyone has to fit into two clearly defined and separated gender categories .
We have to stop asking ourselves if Caster Semenya really is a woman or a man , but embrace diversity that is so natural to all living beings on this planet ( just like homosexuality , and even more bisexuality ) .
Every time we fill out an official form we have to let the state or institution know if we are male or female , and in South Africa we still have to state whether we are black , white , Indian or coloured .
Many people dont fit into these categories , others dont want to fit in .
Many people dont even fit into the categories homo , bi etc .
The gender binary is a creation of certain cultures that does not exist in other places of this planet .
In India there are , for example , three genders .
In other places even four .
We stand in solidarity with Semenya , regardless of whether she 's intersex or biologically female .
We are appalled at her humiliation .
We stand for the liberation of intersex people and reject the gender binary .
While we support the struggle against LGBTI oppression we urge comrades to rethink some of their strategies .
We cannot have faith in the police , constitution or criminal courts .
Throwing criminals into overcrowded prisons in which they get raped by fellow prisoners and discriminated against by prison wardens will not solve our problems .
Prisons need to be abolished , they do not transform people , they destroy them .
We need to build a world in which crime does not even come about .
Central to this world is the end of inequality and hierarchy .
Creating more and more laws just creates a bigger bureaucracy , not a free and equal world .
The oppression of people is linked to class
Our struggle also has to be united .
There should not be any divisions of race or gender within the LGBTI movement .
Nor should the working class be divided by gender , sexuality or race .
All people who are oppressed and exploited need to unite to build a better world together .
The oppression of people is linked to class .
If you are poor you cannot afford the security you might need to be safe from oppression .
That is why poor LGBTI people are the main victims of homophobic violence .
If you are trans but poor you cannot afford the operation you so desperately want .
Most LGBTI people are part of the working class and poor .
As a class we get oppressed by the state which only supports the interests of the ruling class .
This oppression , at the hands of the state and capitalism , is something that unites us as a class , across gender and sexual divides , across colours , ethnicities , abilities and age .
Our struggle has to be united , it has to be anti-capitalist , it has to be internationalist and it has to be against hierarchies in general .
We have not only seen an increase in crime but also in rape and other chauvinistic crimes .
This is directly related to the global economic crisis and growing inequality .
This growth also indicates that it has to do with wider circumstances , such as poverty and the lack of service delivery which leads to frustration which in turn gets directed at society 's weakest .
Instead of fighting against the system that causes poverty in the first place and which bails out the rich , the poor turn against other poor or the middle class because they are so desperate .
We turn against each other instead of uniting against a common oppressor .
If we want to stop any form of crime we need to fight against inequality .
The struggle against sexism and heterosexism is directly linked to the fight of the working class , which consists of a majority of women and includes most LBGTI people .
Anarchists fight for a world free of exploitation and discrimination
Anarchists fight for a world free from sexism , homophobia , ableism , racism and other forms of oppression .
We support movements of people resisting oppression based on identity but we believe that it is important for them also to work with - and be supported by - the broader social movements and to engage in a broader struggle because we believe that many forms of oppression are rooted in capitalism and the state system .
This means we believe that as long as capitalism and classes exist , LGBTI people from poor communities in particular will be discriminated against .
The fight for lesbian and gay liberation as well as fights against racism and sexism must be rooted in the class struggle - only the working class , as the exploited class , has everything to gain and nothing to lose in fighting oppression .
Oppressed people can fight for more rights but only the working class can bring about a revolution in a general strike and through mass action .
But only a working class that takes the struggle for the emancipation of women , LBGTI people and other oppressed groups seriously can bring about an equal and free world .
Fight for a social revolution
We cannot rely on the constitution or the police to help us , we have to organise ourselves and change people 's ideas and behaviour through education .
It is not enough to fight for more legal rights .
We have to fight for a completely new and better world .
Only a social revolution can bring about such a world .
We should not fight for the legalisation of marriage only but also fight against the institution of marriage , so that people who live together , no matter of their sexuality , can do so without needing any legitimisation by the state .
Not that we are against the constitution or more legal rights .
We have to fight for every gain we can get now .
But this can only be one part of our struggle .
We have to criticise traditional gender roles , the nuclear family , marriage , compulsory monogamy and one - sided male polygamy ( a man can have more than one wife , but his wives are not allowed to have other husbands ) which are based on patriarchy , capitalism and conservative religious values .
Anarchists have a long tradition in criticising these institutions .
The dangers of relying too much on the constitution are shown by recent actions of President Jacob Zuma .
Zuma is known for his sexist and homophobic views ; and the claims that he is progressive and a friend of the working class have no basis in fact .
Since he won the presidency , he and his friends have been building up links with right - wing churches that want to remove abortion rights and gay marriage .
With their links to the state , and widespread support for reactionary views , they pose a serious danger .
Such conservative views divide oppressed people  the vast majority  among themselves .
They hurt the working class by making it easier for the state to control and oppress everyone .
And they are a direct attack on women and LGBTI people .
We must defend ourselves , by all means necessary .
We can use the constitution , but if we rely on the constitution alone , it could be changed against us .
What the state gives , the state can take away ; but what we force the state to give is truly ours .
Anarchists call for working class unity to defend women 's and LGBTI rights .
Anarchism is about reclaiming our full humanity from Capitalism and the State .
Our social revolution is about creating a society in which we can live as humans , not as workers , or blacks , or women , or any other socially - defined category .
Accepting social , cultural and sexual diversity is a prerequisite of the human liberation which is anarchism 's objective .
Two of the most important things in life are love and sex .
We have to fight for a world where people can love whoever they want and make love to whomever they want , as long as there is mutual consent .
This includes non-monogamous relations and other forms of sexual desire .
The South African and global LGBTI and queer community , of which many of us are part , will always have our solidarity and support .
Anarchism is only possible with queer liberation , queer liberation is only fully possible with anarchism .
So let us struggle together , for queer liberation and for anarchism .
We raise our black and pink flags with pride !
Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front
Digg this del.icio.us Furl Reddit Technorati Facebook Twitter << Back To Newswire
English Italiano Deutsch
This page can be viewed in
The local grocery store has a big bin of used books for $ 1 .
After seeing a 1983 computer dictionary 's description of LISP , I knew I had to buy it :
It says :
LISP acronym for LIST PROCESSING a high - level programming language use primarily for list processing , symbol manipulation , and recursive operations : it can handle many different data types , treat programs as data , and provide for the self - modification of the program as it is executing : generally considered a difficult language to learn
( Emphasis mine . )
i Phone gaming can be hazardous to your privacy , apparently .
A security hole in the iPhone OS allows someone with the right know - how to design an iPhone app to secretly learn an iPhone ’s phone number .
The problem is serious enough that iPhone game developer Storm8 , creators of Vampires Live and iMobsters , has been hit with a class action lawsuit for allegedly collecting the phone numbers of iPhone gamers without their knowledge or consent .
The lawsuit , filed in San Francisco on behalf of Washington State resident Michael Turner , claims that Storm8 included “ malicious software code ” for gathering phone number data into the company ’s iPhone games .
“ Storm8 has written the software for all its games in such a way that it automatically accesses , collects , and transmits the wireless telephone number of each iPhone user who downloads any Storm8 game , ” alleges the suit .
In its defense , Storm8 acknowledged back in August that it was getting phone number data from its iPhone games .
The company claims a “ bug ” was to blame .
What ’s interesting here is that Apple did n’t catch the supposed “ bug ” before approving the game for the AppStore .
Apple ’s getting really good at rejecting iPhone apps that do n’t fit into the company ’s narrow view of acceptable content , but it seems they still need to work on the basics – like rejecting potential spyware .
Should Apple be held accountable for letting an iPhone app embedded with “ malicious software code ” onto the AppStore ?
Should Apple pull the app on grounds that it ’s collecting iPhone users ’ phone numbers ?
We ’d like to hear what you think in the comments below .
[ Via : boingboing ]
" We are conducting a vast toxicological experiment in which our children and our children 's children are the experimental subjects . "
Dr. Herbert Needleman
The Disappearing Male is about one of the most important , and least publicized , issues facing the human species : the toxic threat to the male reproductive system .
The last few decades have seen steady and dramatic increases in the incidence of boys and young men suffering from genital deformities , low sperm count , sperm abnormalities and testicular cancer .
At the same time , boys are now far more at risk of suffering from ADHD , autism , Tourette 's syndrome , cerebral palsy , and dyslexia .
The Disappearing Male takes a close and disturbing look at what many doctors and researchers now suspect are responsible for many of these problems : a class of common chemicals that are ubiquitous in our world .
Found in everything from shampoo , sunglasses , meat and dairy products , carpet , cosmetics and baby bottles , they are called " hormone mimicking " or " endocrine disrupting " chemicals and they may be starting to damage the most basic building blocks of human development .
Factsheet : Male Infertility
* There are more than 20 heavily industrialized nations where the birth of baby boys has declined every year for the past 30 years - amounting to 3 million fewer baby boys .
* The number of boys born with penis abnormalities and genital defects has increased by 200 % in the past two decades .
* Boys have a higher incidence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , learning disabilities , Tourett 's syndrome , cerebral palsy and dyslexia .
* Boys are four times as likely to be autistic .
* The average sperm count of a North American college student today is less than half of what it was 50 years ago .
* The quality of sperm is declining .
Eighty - five per cent of the sperm produced by a healthy male is DNA - damaged .
* Damaged sperm have been linked to a 300 % increase in testicular cancer - a form of cancer that affects young men in their 20s and 30s .
* The chemical industry has developed more than 90,000 man-made chemicals in the last sixty years .
Eighty - five percent of them have never undergone testing for their impact on the human body .
> Backgrounder : Endocrine 101
> Backgrounder : The Chemicals
> Profiles : Scientists
WASHINGTON  President Obama hailed the sacrifice and determination of the nation ’s military on Wednesday as he delivered a Veterans Day tribute at Arlington National Cemetery , a hallowed place where he said the “ grief remains fresh . ”
As he weighs a decision to escalate the war in Afghanistan , Mr. Obama called on Americans to honor the sacrifices that men and women in this generation  and those who have gone before  have given to protect the country .
“ For the better part of a decade , they have endured tour after tour in distant and difficult places , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ They have protected us from danger and they have given others the opportunity for a better life .
To all of them , to our veterans , to the fallen and to their families , there ’s no tribute , no commemoration , no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice . ”
The president came to Arlington National Cemetery , just across the Potomac River from the White House , to lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns .
Light raindrops fell on a cool morning as Mr. Obama bowed for a moment of reflection .
He placed his hand over his heart as a lone bugler played “ Taps . ”
A reader writes :
If you listen to Archbishop Onaiyekan , he states that the Catholic Church does not discriminate when it comes to providing relief to those in need .
Indeed , he 's probably generally right about that -- I 've heard evangelical Protestants criticize the Church on exactly this issue , namely , the practice of performing corporal works of mercy without directly proselytizing the beneficiaries .
I think this is the result of the Church 's understanding that charity is the highest of theological virtues , and I think it 's praiseworthy .
Moreover , as St. Thomas would have noted , the goods of the earth belong to all , so it is a matter of justice that they be distributed accordingly ( however problematic this is in practice ) .
In this sense charity and justice do not conflict .
But this gets thrown into question with the Washington , DC , Archdiocese 's recent actions .
Let 's put aside the legitimate outrage that many are feeling that the Church is holding the homeless and needy hostage in order to get its way on same - sex marriage , though this in itself is a huge issue .
Instead , look at the glaring inconsistency of the Church 's position with regard to gays and lesbians themselves :
The Church claims that justice actually demands discrimination against gays and lesbians in certain matters : for example , the granting of civil and economic rights associated with marriage , housing ( landlords should n't be forced to violate their consciences and rent to gay co-habitators , for example ) , employment in certain professions , etc .
So let 's grant that justice is indeed served by discriminating against gays and lesbians on certain issues .
The upshot is that gays and lesbians potentially are left without various primary goods : homes , jobs , food , medical care , health insurance , etc .
What though does charity demand ?
If we follow the Church 's traditional practice , as articulated by Onaiyekan , charity would demand that the Church provide for needy gays and lesbians -- regardless of their life - choices / faith / orientation , etc. -- all those aforementioned primary goods without condition .
It ’s been a few months , but I ’m still working through my stash from this summer ’s Dogfish Head Brewery trip .
Next up : Immort Ale .
The History
I think I ’ve touched enough on Dogfish Head ’s history in past articles .
So I ’ll spare you the re-hash .
The Style
Immort
Ale is a typically “ off - centered ” beer that could be thought of as an American / Scotch Strong Ale .
Like most Dogfish beers , it does n’t quite fit into a single category .
It ’s 11 % ABV , and aged in oak , which could put Immort comfortably into the Barleywine column .
It ’s fermented with a blend of Belgian & English yeast , which gives it a less American and ( in my opinion ) more Scotch Ale palate .
In addition to all that , Immort Ale is brewed with Juniper Berries ( a rare , yet definitely double IPA taste ) , Vanilla ( Stout ) and Maple Syrup ( also stout ) .
So much for easy labeling .
The Tasting
Immort pours a clear reddish amber , with a half - inch of deep beige foam .
A sticky lace clings to the sides .
The smell is heavy on coffee , with a strong alcohol presence , and some candied cherry .
Smoky alcohol dominates the palate .
A real earthiness follows : peat , oak , and smoke .
Some vanilla .
There ’s a port wine / brandy sweetness to it .
The overwhelming taste of alcohol actually dampens as the beer warms , and a coffee malt character takes over .
Carbonation lasts and lasts .
A thin crust of bubbles caps the beer throughout .
Very low hoppiness - rare for a Dogfish Head brew .
Instead there ’s a dry juniper and more smoke in the aftertaste , which lingers on the tongue for a very , very long time and begs for another sip .
My one complaint is that it ’s a little thin on the mouth , which clashes with the high alcohol .
Immort ale is smooth , soft , with a silky carbonation , but the thickness to really tie it all together is missing .
The Verdict
I think I ’ve finally met a Dogfish I do n’t love .
Not that I dislike it , but it ’s not the blow - your - socks - off awesome that I ’ve come to expect from this brewery .
The flavors are interesting , but not in harmony with each other .
The alcohol is a bit too much .
I think this beer is just a bit immature .
High alcohol content , some oakiness that will only get stronger , plus a handful of great flavors that will - over enough time - blend together and mellow out .
My suggestion is to pick up a bottle ( now if you can still find it , otherwise wait until it ’s released again next May ) and find a nice cool , dark & dry place to hide it for a year , or five .
6.5/10
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
When the Mobile World Congress conference happened at the beginning of this year , Fabrizio Capobianco , CEO of Funambol , a mobile application company , described the Android operating system as “ a shocking no - show . ”
Hardly any smartphones there were based on it .
That , of course , has radically changed as we approach the end of the year .
There is , in fact , so much action surrounding Android on smartphones ( GigaOM Pro , subscription required ) that its non-phone prospects are being overshadowed .
Android has the potential to be disruptive on many types of hardware platforms , and here are four scenarios for what the OS might do beyond phones .
Usher in Next - Gen Navigation Devices .
I recently asked Chris DiBona , Open Source Program Manager at Google ( s goog ) and one of the overseers of Android , what he thought of the new Droid phone during a casual , non-interview conversation .
He immediately answered that he really liked the new , free Google Maps Navigation for Android 2.0 features , and made some citations that let me know for sure he was n’t just feeding me a press release .
He especially appreciates the fact that you can just pop your Droid into a cradle in your car and it will go straight into the navigation and mapping environment .
jkOnTheRun has given the navigation features rave reviews , too , and suggested that they make break new ground for Android in the overall GPS space .
Become the Most Flexible e-Book Platform .
The looming battle between Amazon ’s ( s amzn ) Kindle eBook device and Barnes & Noble ’s Nook ( s bks ) could “ portend the next wave of Android disruption , ” Joel West recently noted , hitting the nail on the head .
Having Android on the Nook opens the device up to the fast - growing ecosystem of Android applications — potentially a major advantage over the Kindle .
It ’s puzzling , though , why Barnes & Noble has n’t included a browser on the Nook device , which would make it even more flexible .
Bring Intelligence to Digital Entertainment Devices .
MIPS Technologies , which provides processors and architectures for home entertainment , portable multimedia , and communications devices , is moving ahead with a number of initiatives focused on the Android operating system .
It has its own Android port that it has open sourced for players in the digital entertainment space to work with .
Blu -ray players , set - top boxes , and digital TVs are just some of the hardware devices that MIPS is targeting with its Android port , as EETimes has reported .
MIPS has already demonstrated Android running on a home media player and other devices .
Archos also has its Archos 5 — a slick video player based on Android , and possibly a hot seller over the holidays .
It ’s shown at left .
Biggest Non-Phone Prospects Arrive From Japan .
The Open Embedded Software Foundation ( OESF ) does n’t get a lot of press in the U.S. and Europe , but it is extremely focused on bringing Android to non-phone platforms , as OStatic covered here .
Many heavy - hitting companies are working with Japan ’s OESF to take Android to non-phone devices , including ARM , KDDI , Japan Cable Laboratories , Alpine Electronics and Fujitsu Software Technologies .
OESF working groups are also collaborating with MIPS on its non-phone Android plans .
It ’s hard to believe that as recently as April of this year , many observers were wondering if Android had already failed .
Fast - forward to today , and we ’re seeing approximately 20 Android handsets arrive before year ’s end — and numerous promising prospects for the OS on non-phone platforms .
Age of Power and Wonder cigarette cards .
Source : NYPL Digital Archive
A man who was arrested following a robbery at a small shop went free for ten years because " the matter was simply forgotten by the authorities " .
Paul James Walsh , 41 , of Milford Close failed to turn up for court after his arrest for robbing a local shop in north Belfast in 1999 .
He was not re-arrested for a decade , despite a warrant being issued and him continuing to live at the same address .
He was jailed for six months and must spend a further year on probation .
A prosecution lawyer told the court how the shop owner 's 16 - year - old daughter had been working behind the counter when three men walked in and demanded the contents of the till and cigarettes .
The lawyer said the teenager was smart enough to " react slowly " in opening the till and only did so when she saw her father 's car pull up outside .
When he saw what was happening inside , he locked the front door .
Tinned goods
The lawyer told the court when the three realised they were trapped , Walsh grabbed a baseball bat from under the counter and tried to smash the front window .
The other two robbers tried to break the window with tinned goods but failed and the gang were arrested when police arrived at the scene .
Ten years ago Walsh 's accomplices were jailed for two and three years respectively after they pleaded guilty to charges of robbery and criminal damage .
Walsh also pleaded guilty to those charges .
A defence lawyer told the court that in the intervening period , Walsh had continued to live at the same address and had not fled Belfast .
He added that following the incident , his client was so disgusted at himself he vowed never to offend again .
Sentencing the defendant to six months in prison and a further year on probation , the judge said " the matter was simply forgotten by the authorities . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
David Rosenberg riffs on this morning 's jobs report :
THE HOUSEHOLD SURVEY
To say that the Household survey was horrible would be an understatement .
This survey showed a net job destruction of 589,000 , bringing the decline to 1.8
million over the past three months — more than what was lost in the entire 2001
tech - wreck - recession .
All of the decline was in full - time employment , and while
the bulls out there will undoubtedly point to the fact that temp agency hirings
are on the rise during the last three months , finding placements for part - time
workers is not a cause for celebration .
Certainly not when the number of those
working part - time “ for economic reasons ” jumped 105,000 or at a 15 % annual
rate , as was the case in October .
DIFFUSION INDEX STILL SHOWING WEAKNESS IN PAYROLLS
If there were even nascent signs of an improvement in labour market dynamics ,
then we would be seeing the workweek begin to rise .
Instead , it stayed at a
record low 33.0 hours last month .
We would also see the nonfarm payroll
diffusion index embark on an uptrend , but instead it fell back to a three - month
low of 33.8 from 37.5 in September .
The corresponding diffusion index in
manufacturing dropped in October , to 18.1 from 22.9 .
Therefore , we are trying
our best to wrap our heads around this notion that we are actually in some
durable recovery phase when two - in - three companies are still shedding jobs ,
and more than four - in - five are doing so in the manufacturing sector .
FED ON HOLD INDEFINITELY
Fed Chairman
Bernanke hinted loudly that any interest rate increases in the
future would be dependant on the path of resource utilization — code for the
unemployment rate .
And in October , even in the face of a dip in the labour force
participation rate ( which should be going in the opposite direction in a real
recovery ) , the headline ( U3 ) measure of the unemployment rate still managed to
rise to 10.2 % from 9.8 % in September — the highest level since April 1983 .
But
the labour market slack story does not end there — the broader U6 measure
( which marginally attached workers and those working part - time for economic
reasons ) soared to an all - time high for the series , to 17.5 % from 17.0 % in
September .
In other words , more than one in six Americans are either
unemployed or under-employed , despite the most dramatic monetary and fiscal
efforts by a government anywhere to reverse a collapse in private sector credit .
This photo shows the Ion Tiger in flight .
The 550 - watt fuel cell is show in the box in the lower left corner .
Robot spy planes are harnessing alternative energy to make them more covert and longer lasting than ever .
Such drones could also find use in civilian life to help monitor the earth or wildlife as well , researchers noted .
Increasingly , the military is deploying unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs , as eyes in the sky to scan the ground for targets and threats , especially for missions that are too dangerous for manned aircraft .
The problem with using internal combustion engines for these spy drones is how noisy they are .
" Think about lawnmowers or chainsaws — they 're really loud , " said researcher Karen Swider - Lyons , head of the alternative energy section at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington .
" It 's hard to spy on people when they know you 're there , so you had to fly them at high altitudes to keep them from being heard . "
Although researchers sponsored by the Office of Naval Research have developed electrically powered robot spy planes that could fly at low altitudes undetected , " the problem there is that batteries do n't have the endurance of internal combustion engines .
It 's the same issue you see with electric cars . "
Now scientists are developing a robot plane that runs off alternative energy .
The hydrogen fuel cell that powers the " Ion Tiger " UAV make it travel farther and carry heavier payloads than battery - powered designs , yet are still more stealthy than internal combustion engine designs with its reduced noise , heat and emissions .
{{ video = " LS_091013 _IONTiger " title= " Ion Tiger Takes to the Skies " caption =
" The Ion Tiger has better flight endurance than battery - powered drones . "
}}
Fuel cells generate an electrical current when they convert hydrogen and oxygen into water .
Their emissions are not only pollution - free , but such a propulsion system can potentially also deliver twice the efficiency of an internal combustion engine , while running more quietly and with greater endurance .
The 550 - watt , 0.75 horsepower hydrogen fuel cell that drives Ion Tiger has about four times the efficiency of a comparable internal combustion engine and seven times the energy in the equivalent weight of batteries .
" With UAVs , we are dealing with relatively small fuel cells of 500 watts , " Swider - Lyons explained .
" It is hard to get custom , high - quality fuel cell membranes built just for this program .
So we are riding along with this push for technology from the automotive industry . "
" In this size range , we are hopefully able to conduct very productive surveillance missions at low cost with a relatively small vehicle , and a high - quality electric payload , " she added .
When Ion Tiger took flight on October , it exceeded any demonstration of electrically powered flight so far , flying 23 hours and 17 minute straight .
" And it carried a 5 lbs . payload to boot — enough to carry , say , a day - and - night camera , " Swider - Lyons said .
" No one has come close to flying 24 hours with a significant payload before . "
The weather was very rough during the flight , so they spent more fuel than expected .
They plan to fly again next month , " and weather permitting , we should get we above 24 hours , " Swider - Lyons said .
Swider - Lyons added that fuel cell drones could readily find use in civilian applications as well — perhaps for monitoring the atmosphere , oceans or wildlife .
" Our job is just to push on technology and show what is possible , " she said .
" Remember that the Naval Research Laboratory made GPS happen in the ' 60s — you know what happened from there . "
The benefits seen with Ion Tiger help showcase how alternative energy might help society at large .
" Can you imagine a green city with electric vehicles , quiet and not spewing diesel exhaust everywhere ? "
Swider - Lyons said .
" You 'll have people looking back and can't believing that we lived in such noisy cities with such pollution .
It 's not just an energy issue , but you 're looking at quality of life improvements as well . "
Slideshow ( 2 images )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The influential American Medical Association on Thursday said it supported passage of the Democratic - written healthcare legislation that the U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote on this week .
Dr. J. James Rohack , president of the AMA , said the bill was not perfect but was consistent with the group ’s principles for healthcare reform in expanding medical coverage to the uninsured .
The group urged passage of the healthcare overhaul in the House along with passage of another bill that would prevent deep cuts in payments to physicians under the Medicare program for the elderly .
Posted by John , November 29th , 2009 - under Rudd Government , Rudd Labor , Socialism , Socialist Alternative , The Left , The Liberals , The Right .
Tags : Australian politics , Conservatism
The bosses back the Labor Party .
They have found in Kevin Rudd a man to carry out John Howard ’s policies without the divisiveness .
This lack of divisiveness partly reflects the illusions millions have in Labor as a party of workers , as a progressive party .
It also reflects a long - term trend in the trade union and working class movement – class collaboration over the last 26 years .
This is the idea that workers and bosses have common interests and should work together to achieve common goals .
In practice this means accepting that profit is sacrosanct .
The Accord between the Hawke Government and the trade union movement was the cornerstone of this approach .
It saw a massive shift of wealth from labour to capital .
It destroyed rank and file union organisation and seemingly banished class struggle to the museum of history .
This class collaboration and the lack of a left wing alternative made John Howard and his anti-working class ideas ( disguised in neoliberal claptrap and nationalism ) respectable to some sections of the working class .
After 11 years Rudd Labor swept Howard from power in 2007 .
A major contributor to this victory was not only Rudd ’s promise to abolish Workchoices , Howard ’s hated industrial relations regime , but his ‘ reassurance ’ to the bosses that he was a fiscal conservative .
Workchoices shows that class is important .
Workers rightly saw it as a systemic attack on their living standards and jobs by giving too much power to the bosses .
( Any power to the bosses is too much power , but that is another question . )
Yet even that opposition to Workchoices was managed through the prism of class collaboration .
The trade unions marched us on to the stage of history with token demonstrations and then promptly marched us off again .
Such is the degeneration of the trade union leadership that television ads , not class struggle , became the focus for the campaign against Workchoices .
So Labor swept to power on the back of an inchoate and unfocused class opposition to Howard ’s Government .
It is this class confusion which allows Rudd Labor to continue Howard ’s policies .
While Labor presents minor tweaking ( for example Fair Work Australia replacing Workchoices ) as major change , in other areas like Afghanistan and refugees there is at best just a pretence of difference .
This Howardism without Howard suits the bosses .
It continues the redistribution of wealth from labour to capital without , they hope , any possibility of major social dislocation shifting society to the left and challenging that redistribution .
Wages as a share of gross domestic product are their lowest level ever , and profits their highest .
The ability of the Australian economy to withstand to date the global financial crisis has in part been a consequence of this massive re-distribution .
But this distribution is only papering over a deeper trend – the tendency of the rate of profit to fall .
As profit rates stagnate globally , and in Australia , the need of the system to further redistribute wealth to the bourgeoisie will reassert itself more viciously .
The bourgeoisie is united as class against the working class .
They are divided however by economic competition among themselves .
It is this duality which explains the splits in the Liberal Party over the Labor Party ’s emissions trading scheme .
Global warming threatens the existence of the profit system .
Yet any solution may impact adversely on some sections of capital .
Australia ’s Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme may do that although a more realistic assessment suggests it is in fact a massive transfer of our money to the polluters to allow them to continue their current polluting well into the future .
What they are resisting is any loss in future profits from mining and burning coal .
The more intelligent members of the bourgeoisie can see that supporting the immediate interests of the coal cabal could threaten their exploitative system in the long term .
For them Rudd ’s CPRS – giving the impression of action without doing anything – is a good short term compromise between the interests of the polluting industries and the future of the system as a whole .
The deniers in the Liberal Party ( and I might add their friends in the Labor Party ) reflect the thinking of the polluting industries .
The conservative side of politics ( the ALP / Liberal / Nationals continuum ) is having an internal re-alignment , one that is seeing a shift from the National / Liberal end of conservatism to the Labor version .
I think instead of obsessing about and gloating over the Liberals ’ split , the left needs to develop its own voice in opposition to the resurgent Labor version of conservatism – the acceptable face of Howardism .
The real issue is the weakness of the left in Australia .
There is no voice mobilising the masses to fight for green jobs , higher wages , refugees , equal love , aborigines …
Socialist Alternative is not that voice .
We are far too small – a cork bobbing in the waves of society .
Our aspirations are not our reality .
This will not always be , and in fact the skewing of Australian society to a battle between two versions of conservatism may open the way in the future for a shift to the left .
That shift may well not be through the conservatising influence of the left of the ALP and trade union movement since that group no longer effectively exists or if it does has no working class credibility .
Anthony Albanese as radical leader ?
I do n’t think so .
In participating in the struggles of today and helping to build them we are preparing for the battles of the future .
The struggle going on in the Liberal Party is a sideshow .
Climate change threatens the future of humanity .
Kevin Rudd giving $ 123 billion to the polluters is n’t going to change that .
The time to fight against the Labor / Liberal axis of conservatism is now .
Let us unite in the fight for humanity .
Readers might also like to look at Time for a mass movement to stop their climate change and Labor are the real enemy .
Ground Turkey for Thanksgiving ?
Why Not .
Leah ’s mother exaggerates most things by a factor of 1000 .
Filling up her car these days , for example , costs about 100,000 bucks .
So , while listening to Dixie as she told a wonderful , romantic story of cooking a turkey underground one snowy December — about 29,000 years ago — with her sweetie , Hal ( now Leah ’s Father ) , we could n’t help but wonder where to orient ourselves — taking the hyperbole factor into account .
I was leaning toward a situation that looked more like a turkey being cooked in the wood burning oven with the cabin door open .
So , we called [ what we assumed was ] her bluff by repeating the experience .
On Easter weekend we travelled to Reid Island , a small water - taxi - only rock tucked between Galiano and Thetis Islands where Leah ’s family has had a cabin for about 30,000 years .
Sunday was “ Ground Turkey ” Day , and we set out to work .
Supplies : Shovel ,
Axe , 17lb turkey , roasting pan , olive oil , carrots , onions , garlic , parsley , Hal ’s complicated stuffing , clam pot , lemon , butter , LOTS of beer , LOTS of wine , LOTS of Fireball .
As it happens , the exhausting of our alcoholic supplies makes certain details of the experience difficult to recall .
Fortunately , we seldom do remarkable things without the presence of 1000 HD video cameras .
We ’ll allow the resulting footage to tell the rest of the story .
— Jay and Leah
As many of you will be aware , a large number of emails from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia webmail server were hacked recently ( Despite some confusion generated by Anthony Watts , this has absolutely nothing to do with the Hadley Centre which is a completely separate institution ) .
As people are also no doubt aware the breaking into of computers and releasing private information is illegal , and regardless of how they were obtained , posting private correspondence without permission is unethical .
We therefore are n’t going to post any of the emails here .
We were made aware of the existence of this archive last Tuesday morning when the hackers attempted to upload it to RealClimate , and we notified CRU of their possible security breach later that day .
Nonetheless , these emails ( a presumably careful selection of ( possibly edited ? ) correspondence dating back to 1996 and as recently as Nov 12 ) are being widely circulated , and therefore require some comment .
Some of them involve people here ( and the archive includes the first RealClimate email we ever sent out to colleagues ) and include discussions we ’ve had with the CRU folk on topics related to the surface temperature record and some paleo - related issues , mainly to ensure that posting were accurate .
Since emails are normally intended to be private , people writing them are , shall we say , somewhat freer in expressing themselves than they would in a public statement .
For instance , we are sure it comes as no shock to know that many scientists do not hold Steve McIntyre in high regard .
Nor that a large group of them thought that the Soon and Baliunas ( 2003 ) , Douglass et al ( 2008 ) or McClean et al ( 2009 ) papers were not very good ( to say the least ) and should not have been published .
These sentiments have been made abundantly clear in the literature ( though possibly less bluntly ) .
More interesting is what is not contained in the emails .
There is no evidence of any worldwide conspiracy , no mention of George Soros nefariously funding climate research , no grand plan to ‘ get rid of the MWP ’ , no admission that global warming is a hoax , no evidence of the falsifying of data , and no ‘ marching orders ’ from our socialist / communist / vegetarian overlords .
The truly paranoid will put this down to the hackers also being in on the plot though .
Instead , there is a peek into how scientists actually interact and the conflicts show that the community is a far cry from the monolith that is sometimes imagined .
People working constructively to improve joint publications ; scientists who are friendly and agree on many of the big picture issues , disagreeing at times about details and engaging in ‘ robust ’ discussions ; Scientists expressing frustration at the misrepresentation of their work in politicized arenas and complaining when media reports get it wrong ; Scientists resenting the time they have to take out of their research to deal with over - hyped nonsense .
None of this should be shocking .
It ’s obvious that the noise - generating components of the blogosphere will generate a lot of noise about this .
but it ’s important to remember that science does n’t work because people are polite at all times .
Gravity is n’t a useful theory because Newton was a nice person .
QED is n’t powerful because Feynman was respectful of other people around him .
Science works because different groups go about trying to find the best approximations of the truth , and are generally very competitive about that .
That the same scientists can still all agree on the wording of an IPCC chapter for instance is thus even more remarkable .
No doubt , instances of cherry - picked and poorly - worded “ gotcha ” phrases will be pulled out of context .
One example is worth mentioning quickly .
Phil Jones in discussing the presentation of temperature reconstructions stated that “ I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie from 1981 onwards ) and from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline . ”
The paper in question is the Mann , Bradley and Hughes ( 1998 ) Nature paper on the original multiproxy temperature reconstruction , and the ‘ trick ’ is just to plot the instrumental records along with reconstruction so that the context of the recent warming is clear .
Scientists often use the term “ trick ” to refer to a “ a good way to deal with a problem ” , rather than something that is “ secret ” , and so there is nothing problematic in this at all .
As for the ‘ decline ’ , it is well known that Keith Briffa ’s maximum latewood tree ring density proxy diverges from the temperature records after 1960 ( this is more commonly known as the “ divergence problem ” –see e.g. the recent discussion in this paper ) and has been discussed in the literature since Briffa et al in Nature in 1998 ( Nature , 391 , 678-682 ) .
Those authors have always recommend not using the post 1960 part of their reconstruction , and so while ‘ hiding ’ is probably a poor choice of words ( since it is ‘ hidden ’ in plain sight ) , not using the data in the plot is completely appropriate , as is further research to understand why this happens .
The timing of this particular episode is probably not coincidental .
But if cherry - picked out - of - context phrases from stolen personal emails is the only response to the weight of the scientific evidence for the human influence on climate change , then there probably is n’t much to it .
There are of course lessons to be learned .
Clearly no - one would have gone to this trouble if the academic object of study was the mating habits of European butterflies .
That community ’s internal discussions are probably safe from the public eye .
But it is important to remember that emails do seem to exist forever , and that there is always a chance that they will be inadvertently released .
Most people do not act as if this is true , but they probably should .
It is tempting to point fingers and declare that people should not have been so open with their thoughts , but who amongst us would really be happy to have all of their email made public ?
Let he who is without PIN cast the the first stone .
Update :
The official UEA statement is as follows :
“ We are aware that information from a server used for research information
in one area of the university has been made available on public websites , ”
the spokesman stated .
“ Because of the volume of this information we cannot currently confirm
that all of this material is genuine . ”
“ This information has been obtained and published without our permission
and we took immediate action to remove the server in question from
operation . ”
“ We are undertaking a thorough internal investigation and we have involved
the police in this enquiry . ”
Update II : Please comment on the next thread .
By Hannah Richardson
BBC News education reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Tougher action should be taken against the thousands of parents who lie to get their children into popular schools , England 's school places watchdog says .
Schools Adjudicator Ian Craig said an estimated 3,500 parents lied on school application forms each year .
Local authorities should use all means open to them to deter parents from cheating the admissions system .
This includes removing places from the guilty and pursuing them through the courts , possibly using the Perjury Act .
In his government - commissioned report Dr Craig said currently people had " nothing to lose " if they lied to get a place , but he stopped short of calling for school place fraud to be made a crime .
It is a form of theft and surely we ought to be saying wherever we can that this is not right
Dr Ian Craig
England 's Schools Adjudicator
He said he was not persuaded that the courts would use short - term prison sentences in such cases .
He added that fines would not be effective against parents who could afford to rent a second property close to a popular school .
However , he described lying to get a place at a good school as a " theft " because it deprived another child of that place .
He called on the media to send a message to parents that this was wrong .
The detail of how parents could be deterred , and any sanctions to be taken against those that make misleading or false applications , are to form part of a second report ordered by the Secretary of State , Ed Balls .
In the meantime he urged councils to make use of their ability to remove school places from children whose parents had been found cheating .
This first report on " fraudulent or misleading applications " was commissioned by the government following the case of a mother accused of using a false home address to get her child into a popular school in London .
The case was denied and later dropped .
False addresses Dr Craig asked the 150 English education authorities to provide information on the scale of fraudulent or misleading applications their area .
Two - fifths of the 123 councils that responded to Dr Craig 's inquiry said the problem was a growing one , with some authorities reporting as many as 100 cases .
In total 1,100 incidents where local authorities had taken action were reported by these 123 councils .
Dr Craig said if this was extrapolated across the remaining councils the number would be more like 1,300 cases .
Officers then said they believed they were only catching about half the number of school place cheats .
Dr Craig said : " The majority of parents are honest .
If we put this in the context of the 800,000 reception class entries and about 800,000 children transferring to secondary school .
" That 's 3,500 out of about one to two million school place applications . "
' Marriage breakdowns '
He added : " It is a form of theft and surely we ought to be saying wherever we can that this is not right . "
He blamed parents and not the schools admissions system for the problem , saying : " This is about the parents bending the rules and not telling the truth . "
But he said there needed to be consistency between local authorities about what , for example , could be deemed a " permanent address " .
Ways of cheating included using relatives ' addresses and renting a property for the duration of the application .
Parents also faked marriage breakdowns and used vacant properties ' Small minority '
Mr Balls said he was reassured that the vast majority of applications were honest , but he was concerned some places were being obtained by deception .
" I take this issue very seriously and it is vital that it is also taken seriously by schools , admission authorities , and parents .
" The small minority of parents who break the rules must understand that obtaining a place by deception is not fair to everyone else . "
Shadow schools minister Nick Gibb said he did not condone parents making fraudulent claims but that the government was dealing with the symptoms rather than the causes of parental dissatisfaction .
Liberal Democrat schools spokesman David Laws claimed the government was in a complete muddle over the issue and considering a media campaign to highlight this issue .
" It is wrong for parents to cheat the system .
However , the problem is more likely to be solved by creating more good school places than a daft media campaign . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Karen Silkwood .
By Sharyn Jenkins
Thirty - five years ago , on November 13 , 1974 , US anti-nuclear activist and trade unionist Karen Silkwood was killed in a car crash many suspect was deliberately caused .
Karen Silkwood will be remembered as someone who fought an uphill and often unpopular battle against the ruthless nuclear industry .
She is an inspiration to all who believe in environmental justice and workers ' rights .
Silkwood grew up in Nederland , the petrochemical heart of Texas .
Following an unhappy marriage and bitter divorce , in which she lost custody of her three children , she moved to Oklahoma City to look for work .
In 1972 she began work in the Kerr McGee Metallography Laboratory .
Union militant
Work at Kerr McGee was not pretty .
Silkwood discovered numerous violations of health regulations : exposure of workers to contamination , faulty respiratory equipment , plutonium samples stored in desk drawers and plutonium samples taken to local schools for show and tell .
Because the plant provided just two showers for the 75 workers on each shift and allocated no paid time for workers to shower , most workers left the plant unshowered .
Within a few months of being employed at the plant , Silkwood was elected as the first female committee member of the Oil , Chemical and Atomic Workers Union at Kerr McGee .
Alarmed at the health risks faced by workers , she collected evidence to expose the poor health and safety standards .
Her first hurdle was to get the workers onside .
High unemployment meant people were desperate for a job and union membership was at an all - time low .
Kerr McGee was also seen as a “ respectable ” company because it was supported by the Atomic Energy Commission .
Set up by US Congress , the AEC had power over ownership of factories and over all substances from which atomic energy can be generated , plus research and development facilities .
The union warned Silkwood to work quietly because corruption in the nuclear industry was rampant .
But nobody suspected the lengths to which the industry was prepared to go to protect its interests .
While she was collecting evidence , Silkwood 's phone was bugged , her movements monitored and , worst of all , she was deliberately contaminated with plutonium .
The contamination was so severe that after her death all the clothes and other belongings removed from her apartment were put into sealed drums to avoid contaminating others .
After months of gathering evidence Silkwood decided to go public with the evidence she had collected , and made contact with a New York Times journalist prepared to print the story .
On November 13 , 1974 , Silkwood attended a union meeting , and then headed off on a 40 - minute drive to a nearby town to hand her evidence over to the journalist .
She never arrived .
Fourteen kilometres down the highway her car left the road and hit a concrete culvert .
Found by a passing truck , Silkwood was taken to a local hospital and pronounced dead on arrival .
Highly suspicious
The car accident was highly suspicious .
Silkwood was an experienced rally driver , yet tracks from the car indicated that it had gone for some distance on the grassed area to the side of the road .
These marks would be consistent with the car being forced off the road .
The evidence that she intended to give the journalist was never found , although she had it with her when she left the union meeting .
Many sympathisers suspected that Kerr McGee ( possibly with the support of government agents ) had Silkwood murdered , but there was no evidence .
However , a civil suit was filed against Kerr McGee for the Silkwood 's contamination by plutonium at the plant .
In 1979 , Silkwood 's estate was awarded US $ 10.7 million for personal injury and punitive damages .
Kerr McGee appealed the decision , and the appeal reduced the damages to just $ 5000 .
The litigation continued , and in 1986 , 12 years after Silkwood 's death , Kerr McGee paid $ 1.3 million dollars in an out - of - court settlement .
Kerr McGee closed its nuclear fuel plants in 1975 .
At the time of her death , Silkwood was just 28 years old .
From all accounts , she was a loyal , strong , vibrant and determined person , who stood up for what she believed in and would not ignore something if it was wrong .
Silkwood 's battle did not end with her death , or even with the closure of Kerr McGee 's plant .
It continues every day in a world where a company 's “ right ” to make profits still triumphs over workers ' rights to safety .
[ An earlier version of this article first appeared inissue # 458 , August 1 , 2001 . ]
The discovery could lead to new treatments being developed Scientists have discovered a gene which may help explain the causes of mental illness .
The ABCA13 gene is partially inactive in patients with severe psychological conditions such as schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and depression .
It is hoped that identifying genes which make people more likely to develop psychiatric illness may lead to new treatments being developed .
The international team of scientists was led by Edinburgh University .
They studied the genes of 2,000 psychiatric patients and compared them with those of 2,000 healthy people .
The study suggested that ABCA13 was faulty more frequently in patients with mental illness than in the control group .
This is an exciting step forward in our understanding of the underlying causes of some common mental illnesses
Professor Douglas Blackwood
Edinburgh University Douglas Blackwood , psychiatric genetics professor at Edinburgh University , said : " This is an exciting step forward in our understanding of the underlying causes of some common mental illnesses .
These risk genes could signpost new directions for treatments . "
The team believes the gene may influence the way fat molecules are used in brain cells and the research will now focus on exactly how this occurs .
The discovery could lead to drugs that restore mental health in patients with psychiatric illness .
Dr Ben Pickard , who was part of the Edinburgh team but now works at the University of Strathclyde , said : " This study is the first to identify multiple points of DNA damage within a single gene that are linked with psychiatric illness .
" It strongly suggests that this gene may regulate an important part of brain function that fails in individuals diagnosed with these devastating disorders .
" I think it opens up a whole new area of biology which indicates that these conditions are perhaps related at a fundamental level . "
The Edinburgh University research is in collaboration with scientists at universities in Aberdeen , Queensland and North Carolina .
The study took around five years to complete and involved patients from Scotland .
The results have been published in the American Journal of Human Genetics .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Research suggests the majority of women arrested in domestic violence incidents are themselves victims of ongoing abuse from their male partner .
The research , by the anti domestic violence group Shine , analysed the arrests of 60 women in Auckland City between April and September last year .
The report 's author , Deborah MacKenzie , says of 35 women who assaulted their male partners , 19 used violence in response to ongoing abuse .
Dual arrests , where both parties are taken into custody , featured in nine out of the 35 cases .
Ms MacKenzie says this indicates the police sometimes have difficulty in identifying who the dangerous person is in the relationship .
She says officers should be trained to identify which party is most at risk .
Ms MacKenzie says in some cases men want to be the first person to call police , knowing they will be treated as the victim rather than the offender .
How many times have you heard someone say , “ I get so much done because I am able to multitask ” ?
Usually said with a smug little grin .
Whilst it has been a popular thing to be able to attempt , multitasking is on its way out of our lives , that is if we really do want to become more efficient and productive .
It has been shown in numerous studies that people who try and multitask actually lose efficiency and productivity levels drop .
The guy on the phone , checking his emails whilst telling their work colleague what to do maybe be doing three things at once however he is doing three things at once very badly and not efficiently enough to be doing the job correctly .
Studies by Professor David Meyer at University of Michigan showed that young adults who had to perform two math tasks , back and forth , showed that it took longer doing the tasks this way than it would have if they had done them separately .
Unitasking is the new way
Whilst unitasking has always been advocated in the past , it kind of died out when the birth of multitasking came into popular culture in the last 10 – 15 years .
Multitasking was a phrase first used in 1966 to describe a computer performing more than one task at a time .
Since then it has come to be synonymous with busy people on the go with a phone stuck to their ear , a baby on one arm , reading email and stirring a pot of pasta .
It just does n’t work and it ’s only recently that scientists are telling us the same thing .
Our brains are wired to focus on one task at time .
Professor Earl Miller , a neuroscientist at the world - renowned Massachusetts Institute of Technology , carried out a study whereby he scanned volunteers ’ heads while they performed different tasks .
He found that when there was a lot of visual objects in front of volunteers , only one or two objects tended to activate the brain .
This means that the volunteers could only focus on one or two objects at any given time .
Stress caused by multitasking
Multitasking can literally cause stress .
Due to the amount of time multitaskers take to flit between one job and another , they become less efficient and their brain literally slows down .
So now we have a situation when all the tasks have not been completed , due to the brain slowing down , which causes stress levels to rise , which in turn leads to mistakes being made and stress levels rise even more .
So it ’s no wonder that we feel frantic when we try to do too many things at once .
5 Ways to clear your head and start unitasking
Now the science bit is out of the way it ’s time to concentrate on unitasking .
Clear your space
Tidy desk – tidy mind , that ’s my motto .
It ’s a strange thing but when our work desks are cleared , our minds seem clearer and become more focused on the task at hand .
If your desk is very untidy and has paper , reports , books , magazines , stats lying all over it , your brain momentarily picks this up when you are not working .
So when you get to working you could be thinking ‘ I ’ve got that report to finish , I need to finish those stats , I need to show Steve that article in the magazine ’ .
We still have lots of information to contend with in our minds .
Whereas if our desk is completely free from clutter we are much more likely to focus and get the task at hand completed .
This is also true at home , tidy house – tidy mind .
Clear your desktop
Another great clearing exercise is to clean up your desktop .
Get those pdf files in one folder , get the word documents in one folder or categorize them and put them in a folder .
Be sure to give your files good memorable names so you can search for them in the future .
Do n’t name a file ‘ 1 ’ as you will never be able to find it again in a year ’s time , give it a proper name like ‘ stats for week beginning 24th august 2009 ’ and name all subsequent , similar , files in the same way .
Put all your downloads into one folder as well so you do n’t clutter up your desktop .
Put a calming picture as your background .
This is easy , just go onto
Google type in a scene you have in mind into the search field , hit enter , click on images , go to advanced image search and choose the dropdown ‘ large file sizes ’ and you will get a decent sized photograph to put on your desktop as your background .
Do n’t open any programs that are not necessary
If you have to finish a report in Word make sure you only have Word open and no other program .
The other programs , like your email client or browser , will distract you .
Just have your main program open and reward yourself by checking your emails and web browser when you have completed the task at hand .
Turn off the phones and instant messaging
If you can divert your phones to another number or turn them off altogether and make sure you have voicemail on so callers can leave a message .
Again , intrusions like the phone can cause you to lose track of what you are doing and it takes time for you to re-focus on the task at hand .
Constant interruptions like this will almost guarantee that the report you were trying to complete will not get done until tomorrow and by that time you will feel a lot more stressed .
Tell others your intentions
If you have a lot of work colleagues coming up to your desk , tell them in advance that you need to finish an important task and for them not to interrupt if possible .
Make light of it but make sure they know you are serious .
Better yet , hide yourself in a room where they wo n’t usually look for you , this way you will get a lot more done .
That ’s it , no longer will you be the brunt of ‘ I ’m superior to you because I can multitask . ’
Multitasking is dead , unitasking is reborn !
Written on 10/01/2009 by Steven Aitchison .
Steven is the Author of Change Your Thoughts and works as an alcohol and drugs counselor .
He has a BSc in Psychology and has a passion for studying belief formation , thought processes and values and principles .
His blog focuses on personal development through changing your thoughts but covers the whole personal development field .
Photo Credit : CarbobNYC
A few weeks ago I decided to start seriously investigating switching to a DVCS .
I ’m currently up to my eyes in work and have n’t really had time to progress that in the last few weeks ; however some absolutely abhorrent performance / reliability problems with Sourceforge ’s Subversion server made a large merge process so costly to me ( in the end I had to commit in small chunks , breaking transactional consistency , and it needed so much babysitting because of the speed / reliability it took me 4 bloody hours just to commit !!) that it bumped it up my agenda a bit .
I do n’t have to do merges / commits of that size very often - in this case the problem was wholesale license header changes for our MIT switch - but still , it ’s totally unacceptable to have to deal with that .
I raised a support request with Sourceforge , but I ’ve seen other reports of bad SVN performance from several weeks ago from others , so I ’m not holding my breath .
It ’s time to start considering alternative hosting I think .
I ’m not done with my evaluation yet , because I just do n’t have the dedicated time I really want to spend on this right now .
But , here ’s my early - stage results .
Git
I ’ve discussed before that I do n’t like the where Git has come from .
It ’s overly complicated , Windows support was clearly not a priority , and it switched existing VCS terminology around just for the sake of it a lot of the time .
It practically shouts “ I ’m different , live with it ! ” at you , which is frankly a typical elitist geek attitude and not one I particularly respect .
This attitude permeates the documentation , reinforced by the absolute insistence of most tutorials that you need to understand Git ’s underlying data model before you start using it .
Er , right - sorry , but when normal people want to learn how to use a new tool , we just want to know how to use it , not how it ’s built .
If understanding how it ’s built is a prerequisite to using it , then I ’m sorry , it fails miserably at being user friendly .
Nevertheless , it ’s fast , it ’s efficient in storage , it ’s the most popular & fashionable DVCS ( probably due to GitHub ) and that has weight .
Of particular interest to me is that TortoiseGit has come along in leaps and bounds , and is really quite pleasant to use .
Of course , the reason it ’s pleasant is because it hides the majority of the nonsensical changes that Git decided to make to existing VCS terminology ; for example ‘ Revert ’ in Tortoise Git does what you expect ( undoes your working copy changes ) , rather than needing to use ‘ git reset - hard ’ , which is only intuitive to those who live on Mars ( git revert , in contrast , records a new commit to undo a previous commit - why the hell do you need a special command for that ?? ) .
Thus , it ’s an odd situation - using TortoiseGit is pleasant , but only because it ushers the underlying git behind a curtain and gives you what most people really wanted from it in the first place .
The downside is that using TortoiseGit really does n’t teach you how to use the command line very well , like most other VCS tools do .
In fact , it may well mislead you into thinking Git is friendlier than it actually is .
For example , it saves you from the ridiculous need to remember the “ - a ” argument to “ git commit ” - without which what you actually get in your commit is the state of the file when you did “ git add ” , not the version in your working copy .
If that makes sense to anyone , raise your hand .
Thought not .
Hosting & collaboration wise , GitHub seems very good .
Mercurial
Mercurial on the command line is nice .
It behaves the same way centralised VCS ’s do , except in the cases where it needs to be different .
This is pragmatic design - not being different just to make a point , but being different where it needs to be .
It does n’t break old concepts and does what you expect it to , and contrary to what some people think , that ’s a very valuable feature .
It ’s not all roses though .
TortoiseHg is clunkier than TortoiseGit , despite being based on a more intuitive core tool .
The UI just feels a bit wrong ( like putting action buttons on the toolbar - who does that ? ) , and I ’ve sworn at it for being unintuitive more than once .
The other problem is that the Mac GUI tools are not really that great either - MacMercurial only allowed me to do a subset of the operations I needed to do , and Murky just crashed when I tried it .
GitX in comparison works quite well on the Mac .
So despite a more intuitive command line and core concepts , and a more pragmatic approach generally to DVCS for ‘ regular ’ people , when it comes to GUIs Mercurial lags a bit now .
This was unexpected to me since it is Git that has traditionally been poor on the GUI front .
There are also a few other minor issues like branches being totally permanent and needing to be globally uniquely named , which can make local experiments more cumbersome .
Hosting wise , BitBucket seems quite competent , if a little less polished than GitHub .
Bazaar
I ’ve only just started experimenting with Bazaar , and so far I ’m quite impressed .
It has the pragmatic approach of Mercurial , but also has a built - in GUI which is really quite nice to use and leads you through the initial setup and configuration .
There ’s also TortoiseBzr which feels somewhere in between TortoiseHg and TortoiseGit .
I have n’t tried it on the Mac yet .
Performance was always the issue listed as the major downside of Bazaar , but this has improved since 2.0 and while it ’s not as fast as Git , it seems to be fast enough .
The main downside for Bazaar is adoption .
It trails both Git and Mercurial in terms of the number of people using it , and therefore adopting it for a public project would have the disadvantage of making people use a tool they ’re less likely to already be familiar with .
Also for hosting , Launchpad is quite new ; it looks quite good , and has more features than GitHub , but it does n’t have the option to host private projects ( not an issue for Ogre of course ) or a graduated commercial plan - you can self - host of course but that ’s not as easy .
Conclusions so far
The sad fact is that none of the 3 are an instant win for me ; they all have positive and negative aspects .
Summary so far :
Tool Pros Cons Git Fastest & most efficient
GUIs actually good
Popular Command line overcomplicated & unintuitive
Mistakes easier to make Mercurial Intuitive
Fairly popular GUIs a bit rough in places Bazaar Very intuitive
Built - in GUI good
TortoiseBzr also good
Not very popular
Statistically the slowest
Launchpad is quite new
So , I ’m basically in a no -win scenario .
If I pick Git , it ’ll work fine via the GUIs but it ’s too easy to screw things up when using the command line , and I ’m bound to get annoyed at the needless obscurity from time to time .
But , lots of people will be happy to use it .
If I pick Mercurial , I ’ll be happier with the overall core concepts & command line , but the rough edges on the GUIs are going to annoy me day to day .
But , quite a few people will be happy with it all the same .
If I pick Bazaar , I ’ll be happy with both the core concepts and the GUIs , but being the least fashionable option almost no - one in the community will be happy that I picked it over the other two , and lots will bitch about having to use another tool .
I ’m reluctantly acknowledging that the least of the evils appears to be Git right now , even though I personally hate its underlying interface .
Somehow it feels wrong to only like using it when it ’s hidden beneath a GUI - I ’ve been a regular user of the command line for CVS and SVN for the best part of a decade , and I like being happy with both modes .
I can imagine tolerating Git ’s command line , but never liking it just because of the unnecessary idiosyncracies ( like commit - a ) .
I still have lots more detailed tests to do anyway , which will have to wait a month or so until I have more time .
Composition versus Inheritance
A Comparative Look at Two Fundamental Ways to Relate Classes
by Bill Venners
First Published in JavaWorld , October 1998
Advertisement
Summary
In this installment of my Design Techniques column , I analyze the flexibility and performance implications of inheritance and composition , and I give guidelines on the appropriate use of each .
O ne of the fundamental activities of any software system design is establishing relationships between classes .
Two fundamental ways to relate classes are inheritance and composition .
Although the compiler and Java virtual machine ( JVM ) will do a lot of work for you when you use inheritance , you can also get at the functionality of inheritance when you use composition .
This article will compare these two approaches to relating classes and will provide guidelines on their use .
First , some background on the meaning of inheritance and composition .
About inheritance
In this article , I 'll be talking about single inheritance through class extension , as in :
class Fruit { //... } class Apple extends Fruit { //... }
In this simple example , class Apple is related to class Fruit by inheritance , because Apple extends Fruit .
In this example , Fruit is the superclass and Apple is the subclass .
I wo n't be talking about multiple inheritance of interfaces through interface extension .
That topic I 'll save for next month 's Design Techniques article , which will be focused on designing with interfaces .
Here 's a UML diagram showing the inheritance relationship between Apple and Fruit :
Figure 1 .
The inheritance relationship
About composition
By composition , I simply mean using instance variables that are references to other objects .
For example :
class Fruit { //... } class Apple { private Fruit fruit = new Fruit ( ) ; //... }
In the example above , class Apple is related to class Fruit by composition , because Apple has an instance variable that holds a reference to a Fruit object .
In this example , Apple is what I will call the front - end class and Fruit is what I will call the back - end class .
In a composition relationship , the front - end class holds a reference in one of its instance variables to a back - end class .
The UML diagram showing the composition relationship has a darkened diamond , as in :
Figure 2 .
The composition relationship
Dynamic binding , polymorphism , and change
When you establish an inheritance relationship between two classes , you get to take advantage of dynamic binding and polymorphism .
Dynamic binding means the JVM will decide at runtime which method implementation to invoke based on the class of the object .
Polymorphism means you can use a variable of a superclass type to hold a reference to an object whose class is the superclass or any of its subclasses .
One of the prime benefits of dynamic binding and polymorphism is that they can help make code easier to change .
If you have a fragment of code that uses a variable of a superclass type , such as Fruit , you could later create a brand new subclass , such as Banana , and the old code fragment will work without change with instances of the new subclass .
If Banana overrides any of Fruit 's methods that are invoked by the code fragment , dynamic binding will ensure that Banana 's implementation of those methods gets executed .
This will be true even though class Banana did n't exist when the code fragment was written and compiled .
Thus , inheritance helps make code easier to change if the needed change involves adding a new subclass .
This , however , is not the only kind of change you may need to make .
Changing the superclass interface
In an inheritance relationship , superclasses are often said to be " fragile , " because one little change to a superclass can ripple out and require changes in many other places in the application 's code .
To be more specific , what is actually fragile about a superclass is its interface .
If the superclass is well - designed , with a clean separation of interface and implementation in the object - oriented style , any changes to the superclass 's implementation should n't ripple at all .
Changes to the superclass 's interface , however , can ripple out and break any code that uses the superclass or any of its subclasses .
What 's more , a change in the superclass interface can break the code that defines any of its subclasses .
For example , if you change the return type of a public method in class Fruit ( a part of Fruit 's interface ) , you can break the code that invokes that method on any reference of type Fruit or any subclass of Fruit .
In addition , you break the code that defines any subclass of Fruit that overrides the method .
Such subclasses wo n't compile until you go and change the return value of the overridden method to match the changed method in superclass Fruit .
Inheritance is also sometimes said to provide " weak encapsulation , " because if you have code that directly uses a subclass , such as Apple , that code can be broken by changes to a superclass , such as Fruit .
One of the ways to look at inheritance is that it allows subclass code to reuse superclass code .
For example , if Apple does n't override a method defined in its superclass Fruit , Apple is in a sense reusing Fruit 's implementation of the method .
But Apple only " weakly encapsulates " the Fruit code it is reusing , because changes to Fruit 's interface can break code that directly uses Apple .
The composition alternative
Given that the inheritance relationship makes it hard to change the interface of a superclass , it is worth looking at an alternative approach provided by composition .
It turns out that when your goal is code reuse , composition provides an approach that yields easier - to - change code .
Code reuse via inheritance
For an illustration of how inheritance compares to composition in the code reuse department , consider this very simple example :
class Fruit { //
Return int number of pieces of peel that // resulted from the peeling activity .
public int peel ( ) { System.out.println ( " Peeling is appealing . " ) ; return 1 ; } } class Apple extends Fruit { } class Example1 { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Apple apple = new Apple ( ) ; int pieces = apple.
peel( ) ; } }
When you run the Example1 application , it will print out " Peeling is appealing . " , because Apple inherits ( reuses ) Fruit 's implementation of peel ( ) .
If at some point in the future , however , you wish to change the return value of peel ( ) to type Peel , you will break the code for Example1 .
Your change to Fruit breaks Example1 's code even though Example1 uses Apple directly and never explicitly mentions Fruit .
Here 's what that would look like :
class Peel { private int peelCount ; public Peel ( int peelCount ) { this .
peelCount = peelCount ; } public int getPeelCount ( ) { return peelCount ; } //... } class Fruit { //
Return a Peel object that // results from the peeling activity .
public Peel peel ( ) { System.out.println ( " Peeling is appealing . " ) ; return new Peel ( 1 ) ; } } //
Apple still compiles and works fine class Apple extends Fruit { } //
This old implementation of Example1 // is broken and wo n't compile .
class Example1 { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Apple apple = new Apple ( ) ; int pieces = apple.
peel( ) ; } }
Code reuse via composition
Composition provides an alternative way for Apple to reuse Fruit 's implementation of peel ( ) .
Instead of extending Fruit , Apple can hold a reference to a Fruit instance and define its own peel ( ) method that simply invokes peel ( ) on the Fruit .
Here 's the code :
class Fruit { //
Return int number of pieces of peel that // resulted from the peeling activity .
public int peel ( ) { System.out.println ( " Peeling is appealing . " ) ; return 1 ; } } class Apple { private Fruit fruit = new Fruit ( ) ; public int peel ( ) { return fruit.
peel ( ) ; } } class Example2 { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Apple apple = new Apple ( ) ; int pieces = apple.
peel( ) ; } }
In the composition approach , the subclass becomes the " front - end class , " and the superclass becomes the " back - end class . "
With inheritance , a subclass automatically inherits an implemenation of any non-private superclass method that it does n't override .
With composition , by contrast , the front - end class must explicitly invoke a corresponding method in the back - end class from its own implementation of the method .
This explicit call is sometimes called " forwarding " or " delegating " the method invocation to the back - end object .
The composition approach to code reuse provides stronger encapsulation than inheritance , because a change to a back - end class need n't break any code that relies only on the front - end class .
For example , changing the return type of Fruit 's peel ( ) method from the previous example does n't force a change in Apple 's interface and therefore need n't break Example2 's code .
Here 's how the changed code would look :
class Peel { private int peelCount ; public Peel ( int peelCount ) { this .
peelCount = peelCount ; } public int getPeelCount ( ) { return peelCount ; } //... } class Fruit { //
Return int number of pieces of peel that // resulted from the peeling activity .
public Peel peel ( ) { System.out.println ( " Peeling is appealing . " ) ; return new Peel ( 1 ) ; } } //
Apple must be changed to accomodate // the change to Fruit class Apple { private Fruit fruit = new Fruit ( ) ; public int peel ( ) { Peel peel = fruit.peel ( ) ; return peel.getPeelCount( ) ; } } //
This old implementation of Example2 // still works fine .
class Example1 { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Apple apple = new Apple ( ) ; int pieces = apple.
peel( ) ; } }
This example illustrates that the ripple effect caused by changing a back - end class stops ( or at least can stop ) at the front - end class .
Although Apple 's peel ( ) method had to be updated to accommodate the change to Fruit , Example2 required no changes .
Comparing composition and inheritance
So how exactly do composition and inheritance compare ?
Here are several points of comparison :
It is easier to change the interface of a back - end class ( composition ) than a superclass ( inheritance ) .
As the previous example illustrated , a change to the interface of a back - end class necessitates a change to the front - end class implementation , but not necessarily the front - end interface .
Code that depends only on the front - end interface still works , so long as the front - end interface remains the same .
By contrast , a change to a superclass 's interface can not only ripple down the inheritance hierarchy to subclasses , but can also ripple out to code that uses just the subclass 's interface .
It is easier to change the interface of a front - end class ( composition ) than a subclass ( inheritance ) .
Just as superclasses can be fragile , subclasses can be rigid .
You can't just change a subclass 's interface without making sure the subclass 's new interface is compatible with that of its supertypes .
For example , you can't add to a subclass a method with the same signature but a different return type as a method inherited from a superclass .
Composition , on the other hand , allows you to change the interface of a front - end class without affecting back - end classes .
Composition allows you to delay the creation of back - end objects until ( and unless ) they are needed , as well as changing the back - end objects dynamically throughout the lifetime of the front - end object .
With inheritance , you get the image of the superclass in your subclass object image as soon as the subclass is created , and it remains part of the subclass object throughout the lifetime of the subclass .
It is easier to add new subclasses ( inheritance ) than it is to add new front - end classes ( composition ) , because inheritance comes with polymorphism .
If you have a bit of code that relies only on a superclass interface , that code can work with a new subclass without change .
This is not true of composition , unless you use composition with interfaces .
Used together , composition and interfaces make a very powerful design tool .
I 'll talk about this approach in next month 's Design Techniques article .
article .
The explicit method - invocation forwarding ( or delegation ) approach of composition will often have a performance cost as compared to inheritance 's single invocation of an inherited superclass method implementation .
I say " often " here because the performance really depends on many factors , including how the JVM optimizes the program as it executes it .
With both composition and inheritance , changing the implementation ( not the interface ) of any class is easy .
The ripple effect of implementation changes remain inside the same class .
Choosing between composition and inheritance
So how do all these comparisons between composition and inheritance help you in your designs ?
Here are a few guidelines that reflect how I tend to select between composition and inheritance .
Make sure inheritance models the is - a relationship
My main guiding philosophy is that inheritance should be used only when a subclass is - a superclass .
In the example above , an Apple likely is -a Fruit , so I would be inclined to use inheritance .
An important question to ask yourself when you think you have an is - a relationship is whether that is - a relationship will be constant throughout the lifetime of the application and , with luck , the lifecycle of the code .
For example , you might think that an Employee is - a Person , when really Employee represents a role that a Person plays part of the time .
What if the person becomes unemployed ?
What if the person is both an Employee and a Supervisor ?
Such impermanent is - a relationships should usually be modelled with composition .
Do n't use inheritance just to get code reuse
If all you really want is to reuse code and there is no is - a relationship in sight , use composition .
Do n't use inheritance just to get at polymorphism
If all you really want is polymorphism , but there is no natural is - a relationship , use composition with interfaces .
I 'll be talking about this subject next month .
Next month
In next month 's Design Techniques article , I 'll talk about designing with interfaces .
A request for reader participation
I encourage your comments , criticisms , suggestions , flames -- all kinds of feedback -- about the material presented in this column .
If you disagree with something , or have something to add , please let me know .
You can either participate in a discussion forum devoted to this material or e-mail me directly at bv@artima.com .
Resources
Bill Venners ' next book is Flexible Java
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/index.html
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/index.html
Bill Venners just got back from his European bike trip .
Read about it at :
http://www.artima.com/bv/travel/bike98.html
http://www.artima.com/bv/travel/bike98.html
The discussion forum devoted to the material presented in this article
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/fjf/compoinh/index.html
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/fjf/compoinh/index.html
Links to all previous design techniques articles
http://www.artima.com/designtechniques/index.html
http://www.artima.com/designtechniques/index.html
A tutorial on cloning
http://www.artima.com/innerjava/cloning.html
http://www.artima.com/innerjava/cloning.html
Recommended books on Java design , including information by the Gamma , et al. , Design Patterns book
http://www.artima.com/designtechniques/booklist.html
http://www.artima.com/designtechniques/booklist.html
A transcript of an e-mail debate between Bill Venners , Mark Johnson ( JavaWorld 's JavaBeans columnist ) , and Mark Balbe on whether or not all objects should be made into beans
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/comments/beandebate.html
columnist ) , and Mark Balbe on whether or not all objects should be made into beans
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/comments/beandebate.html
Source packet that contains the example code used in this article
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/code.html
http://www.artima.com/flexiblejava/code.html
Object orientation FAQ
http://www.cyberdyne-object-sys.com/oofaq2/
http://www.cyberdyne-object-sys.com/oofaq2/ 7237 Links on Object Orientation
http://www.rhein-neckar.de/~cetus/software.html
http://www.rhein-neckar.de/~cetus/software.html
The Object - Oriented Page
http://www.well.com/user/ritchie/oo.html
http://www.well.com/user/ritchie/oo.html
Collection of information on OO approach
http://arkhp1.kek.jp:80/managers/computing/activities/OO_CollectInfor/OO_CollectInfo.html
http://arkhp1.kek.jp:80/managers/computing/activities/OO_CollectInfor/OO_CollectInfo.html
Design Patterns Home Page
http://hillside.net/patterns/patterns.html
http://hillside.net/patterns/patterns.html
A Comparison of OOA and OOD Methods
http://www.iconcomp.com/papers/comp/comp_1.html
http://www.iconcomp.com/papers/comp/comp_1.html
Object - Oriented Analysis and Design Methods : A Comparative Review
http://wwwis.cs.utwente.nl:8080/dmrg/OODOC/oodoc/oo.html
http://wwwis.cs.utwente.nl:8080/dmrg/OODOC/oodoc/oo.html
Patterns discussion FAQ
http://gee.cs.oswego.edu/dl/pd-FAQ/pd-FAQ.html
http://gee.cs.oswego.edu/dl/pd-FAQ/pd-FAQ.html
Patterns in Java AWT
http://mordor.cs.hut.fi/tik-76.278/group6/awtpat.html
http://mordor.cs.hut.fi/tik-76.278/group6/awtpat.html
Software Technology 's Design Patterns Page
http://www.sw-technologies.com/dpattern/
About the author
Bill Venners has been writing software professionally for 12 years .
Based in Silicon Valley , he provides software consulting and training services under the name Artima Software Company .
Over the years he has developed software for the consumer electronics , education , semiconductor , and life insurance industries .
He has programmed in many languages on many platforms : assembly language on various microprocessors , C on Unix , C++ on Windows , Java on the Web .
He is author of the book : Inside the Java Virtual Machine , published by McGraw - Hill .
Reach Bill at bv@artima.com .
This article was first published under the name Composition versus Inheritance : Which One Should You Choose ? in JavaWorld , a division of Web Publishing , Inc. , October 1998 .
The climate legislation introduced in the Senate this past week could bring substantial investments into the United States economy , one of the bill 's sponsors said Sunday .
Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) , the chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , said that if the climate bill she unveiled this past week were to become law , it would draw billions of private investments into the economy .
Moving forward with the climate bill , Boxer said , would " allow this economy to take off , because it would draw , not federal funds , but private funds . "
She said that venture capitalists in her home state of California have told her that the bill would signal a good time to invest in green technologies , which Boxer said she hoped would create jobs .
" We need that private capital , " she said during an appearance on CNN .
" And we need to become energy efficient here and energy independent .
We 'll create a number of jobs . "
The Senate 's second - ranking Republican , Sen. Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) , warned against Boxer 's bill as well as healthcare legislation before Congress , arguing that it would result in higher taxes on Americans .
" First of all , do n't be pushing bills like cap and trade , which are big job killers , " Kyl said he would advise the president .
" Do n't be pushing a huge , expensive health - care bill that will cause jobs to be lost , especially in the small business sector , because of all the taxes that are imposed in that certificate .
And third , do n't allow taxes to go up . "
Michael Premo
Everybody knows New York City is an expensive place to live .
But the United Nations wants to know if affordable housing is so tough to come by that it actually violates human rights .
The United Nations has assigned an official , “ a special rapporteur on the right to adequate housing , ” to check the city ’s affordable housing .
The rapporteur , Raquel Rolnik , is to tour the city for the next three days with housing advocates and city officials to “ hear the voices of those who are suffering on the ground , ” she said .
The United Nations Human Rights Council appoints a rapporteur , or independent experts , to investigate human rights conditions around the world .
In the case of Ms. Rolnik , a professor of urban planning at the University of Sao Paulo in Brazil , her “ mission ” is to tour New York City and six other places in the United States and to report back to the United Nations General Assembly about housing rights violations and advances .
After that , “ We send off letters to governments to ask , ‘ Is this true ?
What ’s going on ? ’ and to please intervene , ” she said .
Housing advocates will be taking Ms. Rolnik to the Atlantic Yards site in Brooklyn to see the results of the government ’s use of eminent domain to seize property ; to the New York City Housing Authority ’s Grant Houses in Harlem to see how public housing residents live ; and to the Bronx to meet residents whose landlords are in foreclosure .
At a town hall meeting last night in Morningside Heights , residents wept and shouted at Ms. Rolnik .
They complained about deteriorating public housing , the lack of housing subsidies for AIDS patients , landlord harassment and many other issues , large and small .
She told them : “ I am representing the right of adequate housing as a human right . ”
One advocate and resident of public housing , Agnes Rivera , wept after telling Ms. Rolnik that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg “ does n’t care about the poor . ”
Rob Robinson from Picture the Homeless , a local advocacy group , embraced Ms. Rivera and gazed toward the special rapporteur .
Later , Ms. Rolnik hugged a resident herself .
“ Affordable housing here is not that affordable , ” said Ms. Rolnik , who studied urban history as a New York University doctoral student in the 1980s .
Her eyes lit up when talking about inclusionary zoning and other city housing policies .
New York is unusual , she pointed out , because it has a city - level obligation to ensure that homeless people have shelter .
Now it should make affordable housing a priority , she said .
Ms. Rolnik was appointed as special rapporteur by the United Nations Human Rights Council in May 2008 .
This is her first official mission .
After her tour of New York City , she will survey the housing situations in Chicago , New Orleans , Los Angeles , Washington , a South Dakota Indian reservation , and Wilkes - Barre , Pa . Her report to the General Assembly is planned for March .
Across the United States , residents may tell her the same stories as those of New Yorkers — of mortgage scams , too many luxury condos and the stigma associated with public housing .
“ We have no one to help us , ” said Delores Earley , 73 , who said her landlord has been trying to push her out of her Harlem rent - stabilized apartment for 20 years .
“ Somebody has got to know . ”
Privacy violations are a serious threat to the health of the Internet and the effective use of technology .
We study how people understand their privacy as users of technology , examine and document the… More
Rangers have been hit by a Uefa fine as a result of the improper conduct of some of their supporters .
Gers also made to pay for damage to Steaua Stadium
Rangers have been hit by a Uefa fine as a result of the improper behaviour of some of their supporters in Romania .
The charge relates to the Gers ' UEFA Champions League meeting with Unirea Urziceni in Bucharest on 4th November .
Television pictures from that game captured away supporters clashing with local police in the stands , while one fan was seen ripping out a seat .
Rangers later accused their Romanian hosts of failing to organise the event in a proper fashion , with the trouble a direct result of their inefficiency .
Uefa agree that Unirea were partially to blame for the unsavoury events and have charged them 8,000 euros ( £ 7,195 ) for displaying a lack of organisation .
Rangers , though , must pay a 20,000 euros fine ( £ 17,988 ) and have also been ordered to cover the cost of the damage caused to the Steaua Stadium .
The Klondike region of the Canadian Arctic is n’t often thought of as an oasis for life .
Today , the area is best known for its vast frozen wilderness , its goldfields , and as the namesake of a popular chocolate - coated ice cream treat .
However , new research shows that the Klondike goldfields of Canada ’s Yukon Territory hold key records of a past environment that was much different than the harsh climate experienced by today ’s explorers , ice truckers and miners .
Beringia : Arctic Paradise in the Ice
The Klondike is part of a wider geographic area dubbed ‘ Beringia ’ , which includes parts of Siberia , Alaska and the Canadian Yukon .
The term Beringia was coined in the first part of the 1900s to explain the distribution of arctic plants and coniferous forests of the boreal environment surrounding the Bering Strait .
According to the authors of the new study , " Beringia represents the largest contiguous Arctic expanse to remain unglaciated during the Pliocene ( 5.3 million to 2.5 million years ago ) and Pleistocene ( 2.5 million to 12,000 years ago ) , and preserves an exceptional sedimentary archive spanning the past several million years . "
Human beings evolved into their present form during the Pleistocene .
Temperatures were still low in Beringia during these epochs , but a lack of moisture due to the rainshadow of the surrounding mountain ranges prevented large - scale formation of ice .
As the authors put it , " The interior of Yukon and Alaska was cold enough to support ice sheets but too dry for extensive glaciation . "
Because of this , Beringia was a key location for life during the Pleistocene , when the Earth ’s climate fluctuated between ice ages and glaciers often covered large portions of the globe .
As the Earth ’s climate varied , so did sea levels .
This ebb and flow of the sea exposed a land - bridge across the Bering Straight between Alaska and Siberia .
Not only was this an important route for the migration of animals between the continents of Asia and North America , it also expanded the ice - free land mass of Beringia .
This provided a large area that was relatively rich in food – which was a lifesaver for those struggling to survive in the Earth ’s frozen North .
Beringia was by no means a tropical paradise for life , but the cold , wind - swept desert was an important ecological refuge for plants and animals when glaciation of the Earth was at its peak .
A Window to the Pleistocene
Recently , a team of researchers traveled to Canada ’s Yukon region to study evidence of Beringia ’s ice - free past by examining the geological clues that were left behind .
Their work , recently published in the journal GSA Today , is providing new information about the Pleistocene climate of Beringia .
Today , the Yukon is rich in mineral resources , and has become a popular spot for mining .
Mining activity has exposed sediments – providing opportunistic researchers with access to permafrost ( frozen soil and rocks ) that is more than 700,000 years old .
Fossil evidence from plants and animals within these sediments indicates that the region was once dominated by organisms similar to those in steppe and tundra environments today .
Tundra and steppe environments have short growing seasons and very low temperatures , so it is difficult for large plants , such as trees , to grow .
The more common types of vegetation in these environments are low shrubs and grasses .
This was the case in Beringia during the Pleistocene , where low vegetation covered the ground and supported communities of very large animals , including the Yukon horse , steppe bison and woolly mammoths .
The biological significance of Beringia during Earth ’s ice ages stems from its role as a crossroads for exchange between the varied species of plants and animals in Asia and North America .
In the past , Beringia was an important ‘ evolutionary center ’ for life on Earth .
However , until now , nobody really understood how Beringia could support such a diverse collection of large , grazing animals .
To answer this question , the research team had the help of some small , furry friends : arctic ground - squirrels .
These small creatures do not live in the area today , but were wide - spread during the ice ages .
The problem is , arctic ground squirrels need soft ground in order to dig their burrows .
Today , the ground in Beringia is too frozen for ground - squirrels to burrow .
However , fossil evidence of squirrel burrows in Beringia indicates that the region went through periods of seasonal thawing – even at the height of the Pleistocene glaciations .
When summer temperatures were below freezing , deep layers of the soil were still undergoing drainage of liquid water .
The researchers believe this could have been due to the lack of insulating vegetation cover provided by surface vegetation .
Today , the ground is covered with thick moss and litter from the boreal forests in the region .
This ground cover provides insulation from heat in the summer , keeping the earth cold ( even deep down ) .
In the Pleistocene , grasses would have allowed summer heat to warm the soil .
Warm , well - drained soils helped nutrient turnover , and ultimately allowed the steppe - tundra habitat to thrive .
Studying ancient climate conditions on Earth – and the ways in which life dealt with climate change – can help astrobiologists understand how current climate trends will affect the planet ’s biosphere in the future .
Environmental refuges like Beringia could have played an important role in helping life survive and evolve on our planet , even when conditions at the Earth ’s surface were very inhospitable .
1. Ehlers , J. , and Gibbard , P.L. , 2004 , Quaternary glaciations —
Extent and chronology , Part II : North America .
Developments in Quaternary Science : Amsterdam , Elsevier , 440p .
2. Froese et al. 2009 .
The Klondike goldfields and Pleistocene environments of Beringia .
GSA Today 19 ( 8 ) , 4-10 .
Three - Strikes in Großbritannien : " Kriegserklärung der Industrie "
Die britische Regierung plant rabiate Maßnahmen gegen Filesharer : Schon beim zweiten Verstoß soll der Netz - Zugang gesperrt werden .
Das hat Netzaktivist Cory Doctorow aufgedeckt .
Eigentlich dachten Internet - Aktivisten bereits , die so genannten " Three Strikes " - Gesetze seien endgültig vom Tisch .
Doch nun hat sich das EU - Parlament dazu entschieden , kein explizites Verbot für die Netzsperren für Filesharer zu formulieren , während in Frankreich ein entsprechendes Gesetz bereits ( wenn auch in abgemilderter Form ) verabschiedet ist .
Und nun will auch die britische Regierung nicht untätig bleiben :
Sie plant die Umsetzung noch radikalerer Maßnahmen , die die Musik - und Filmbranche vor den Verlusten durch das wilde Kopieren im Netz ein für alle Mal schützen soll .
Treibende Kraft ist Peter Mandelson , seines Zeichens Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills .
Der Minister gilt als Freund der Content - Industrie , seitdem ihn der amerikanische Plattenboss David Geffen bei einem Mittagessen von der Wirksamkeit von " Three Strikes " - Regelungen überzeugt hatte .
Die neuen Pläne der britischen Regierung wurden nun vom viel gelesenen US - Internet - Aktivisten Cory Doctorow aufgedeckt , der derzeit in London lebt .
Demnach soll das Gesetz zum Schutz von Urheberrechten , Gestaltungsmerkmalen und Patenten aus dem Jahr 1988 ergänzt werden .
Laut Doctorow , dessen Quelle in der britischen Labour - Regierung sitzt , plant Mandelson , sich bislang nur durch Einzelgesetze mögliche Sanktionsmaßnahmen zu genehmigen .
Er dürfe dann beim Kampf gegen Online - Rechtsverletzungen Gefängnisstrafen verhängen , den besagten " Three Strikes " - Plan ohne gerichtliches Verfahren einführen oder die Möglichkeit für Rechteinhaber schaffen , selbst zu einer Art Online - Polizei zu werden .
Auch den Internet - Providern würde es an den Kragen gehen : Werden die als Unterstützer von Rechtsverletzungen bewertet , müssten diese dann ihre Nutzer ausspionieren oder jedes einzelne Stück nutzergenerierten I nhalt vorab kontrollieren .
Doctorows Fazit : " So eine schlimme Politik habe ich noch nie gesehen .
Das ist eine Kriegserklärung der Unterhaltungsindustrie . "
Diese wende sich zusammen mit der Regierung gegen die Prinzipien der freien Meinungsäußerung , des Datenschutzes , der Versammlungsfreiheit , der Unschuldsvermutung und des Wettbewerbs .
Sollte Mandelson seine Pläne wirklich durchsetzen können , würde wohl selbst die " Three Strikes " - Regelung in einer verschärften Form eingeführt : Während man in Frankreich und Südkorea vor dem Abdrehen des Internet - Zugangs immerhin zwei Mal gewarnt wird , soll es in Großbritannien bereits nach der ersten Warnung die letzte geben .
Wie Doctorow in einem sehenswerten Video erklärt , fallen mit der Sperre des Internet - Zugangs wichtige demokratische Rechte weg .
Auch sei es vielen Menschen kaum möglich , ohne Netz zu arbeiten .
Neben den schwerwiegenden Auswirkungen auf die Bürger - und Menschenrechte geben Kritiker der rabiaten Regelung zu bedenken , dass es keinesfalls sicher ist , dass die Maßnahme überhaupt erfolgreich ist .
Aus dem einzigen Land , in dem man bislang tiefergehende Erfahrung mit " Three Strikes " - Gesetzen hat , Südkorea nämlich , sind keine nennenswerten Rückgänge der Kopiertätigkeit des Volkes zu vermelden .
Stattdessen fordert eine Urheberrechtsgruppe um die koreanischen Filmproduzenten nun , dass alle Dateitauschbörsen Zwangsfilter erhalten , die das Hochladen geschützter Materialien von vorne herein ausschließen .
Werden doch entsprechende Dateien gefunden , soll der Staat die Angebote abdrehen .
Dieser Kampf könnte aussichtslos sein : Erst in der vergangenen
Woche verabschiedete sich die Tauschbörsensuchmaschine Pirate Bay offiziell aus dem Netz , weil die Macher glauben , dass solche zentralen Anlaufstellen dank Fortschritten in den Dateitauschprotokollen gar nicht mehr nötig sind .
Der Trend gehe stark zur Dezentralisierung , die durch die Rechteinhaber nicht zu fassen sei .
Auch vor den " Three Strikes " kann man sich im übrigen verstecken : Schon in Frankreich werden nur bestimmte Bereiche des Netzes wirklich nach Dateitauschern durchforstet , um denen blaue Briefe zu schicken .
Beginnen die Netzkopierer , Verschlüsselungsverfahren einzusetzen oder ihre Tauschaktivitäten anderweitig zu schützen , würden sie im See der Daten einfach untergehen und unauffindbar sein .
By Ben Dirs
BBC Sport in Nuremberg
Britain's David Haye put on a magnificent performance to claim the WBA heavyweight crown from Russian Nikolay Valuev in Nuremberg .
Haye , 29 , won by majority decision , winning the fight on two judges ' scorecards , with the other judge scoring it even .
The Londoner , giving away seven stone to his 7ft opponent , fought the perfect fight , staying on the move and making the lumbering Valuev look every one of his 36 years with his speed .
With his win , the Londoner becomes the first Briton to hold a world heavyweight crown since Lennox Lewis retired in 2003 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In addition , Haye is also only the second former cruiserweight champion to win a portion of the heavyweight crown , after four - time champion Evander Holyfield .
" It means everything to me , " said Haye .
" From when I was a baby , I said I would be the heavyweight world champion .
" It 's a dream come true .
I 've fought the biggest heavyweight champion and caught him with big shots .
" I made him look like an amateur .
People doubted my skills , but I did enough to win .
" Here I am , heavyweight champion of the world and I 'm loving it .
I 'm going to clean up the division . "
Approximately 10,000 fans were in attendance at the Nuremberg Arena , including a sizable and vociferous British contingent , to see David do what many thought was impossible and slay Goliath .
Even more remarkable , Haye managed to do it with a suspected broken right hand , which trainer Adam Booth said gave way in the third round .
BEN DIRS BLOG David Haye did what he had to do ... no frills , no showboating , no flights of unnecessary machismo
" His head is solid , the hardest thing I 've ever hit , " said Haye .
" It 's like hitting a solid brick wall .
" I 'm pretty sure my hand is broken , but it 's a small price to pay for being the heavyweight champion of the world . "
The first round was largely a fact - finding mission for Haye , circling anti-clockwise away from Valuev 's big right and scoring with the occasional flurry to the head and jab to the body .
An immaculate - looking Haye visibly grew in confidence in the second stanza , landing with two sharp left hooks and a stinging left - right combination that forced Valuev to cover up .
Valuev landed with his first meaningful blow at the end of the round , a ramrod jab , but it was more of the same in the third , with Haye having little problem slipping Valuev 's left hand and scoring with flashing lefts of his own .
Haye had made Valuev look decidedly sluggish and one - dimensional in the first quarter of the contest .
Even though the Russian showed more urgency in the fourth , the Englishman was able to extricate himself from any potential trouble .
With both hands now slung by his waist , once again he had the better of the action , landing with a couple of left - right - left combinations and skimming Valuev 's jaw with a huge right hand on the bell .
Haye found the mark with a left - right - right combination in round five , and it was becoming abundantly clear as the fight wore on that unless he was to tire down the stretch , the title could be his .
Valuev managed to pin
Haye in a corner and unload with two clubbing blows to the body at the start of round six , but Haye hit back with a hurtful upper - cut and a big over - the - top right .
There were signs that Haye was beginning to tire in the seventh , but he came storming back in the eighth , stiffening Valuev up with a rigid jab before landing with a rasping right to the body .
The ninth was close until Haye unloaded with perhaps the best combination of the night , a left jab followed closely by a right straight down the pipe and Haye landed with two more right - hand bombs in the 10th as Valuev began to look desperate .
With Haye 's staying power questioned in the past , the last two rounds , if it got that far , were always going to be tense , but Haye continued to move in round 11 , leaving Valuev needing a knockout to win it in the final stanza .
Here I am , heavyweight champion of the world and I 'm loving it .
I 'm going to clean up the division
David Haye
In the final round , Haye almost achieved the impossible , very nearly flooring Valuev with yet another vicious left - right combination with a minute to go .
Valuev regained his balance , but Haye continued to pepper the Russian until the final bell sounded .
" From my point of view , the main thing which went wrong was the pace , " said Valuev .
" It was like a marathon for me .
It was like a track event .
I was n't ready to run that much .
" The judges made their decision and I think the last round made the difference , especially the end of it . "
Haye , who was awarded the fight 116- 112 , 116-112 , 114-114 , is only the third Briton to win a world heavyweight title since Bob Fitzsimmons lost his crown to James J Jeffries in 1899 .
His victory also injects some much - needed vim into a previously moribund heavyweight division .
With 23 wins ( 21 KOs ) from 24 fights , Haye now says he intends to clean up the heavyweight division .
That would mean defeating WBC champion Vitali Klitschko and his brother IBF and WBO holder Wladimir Klitschko .
But his first defence of the WBA belt will likely come against American John Ruiz , who earlier on Saturday beat German Adnan Serin in the seventh round by a technical knockout .
Haye said he envisages few problems against the former WBA champion .
" I do n't think he is the most entertaining .
He has won the world title before and you do n't do that by being a bad fighter , " he added .
" I will be way too fast , I will knock him out . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Attached Files
attachment : filename
[ get ]
[ get | view ] ( 2010-01-31 05:10:04 , 337.6 KB ) [ [ attachment : graphite2y-slides.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2010-01-31 05:08:56 , 266.3 KB ) [ [ attachment : graphite2y.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2008-08-14 16:23:56 , 493.3 KB ) [ [ attachment:graphite_greps.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2008-08-14 16:24:50 , 277.2 KB ) [ [ attachment:graphite_lambda_tutorial.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2008-08-14 16:36:07 , 132.7 KB ) [ [ attachment:graphite_paper.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-06-10 21:56:54 , 143.1 KB ) [ [ attachment:graphitedesign-paper.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-06-10 16:15:56 , 79.3 KB ) [ [ attachment:graphitedesign.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-06-10 22:00:33 , 185.0 KB ) [ [ attachment:grosser09-optimization-opportunities-in-graphite_paper.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-06-10 16:27:20 , 135.7 KB ) [ [ attachment:grosser09-optimization-opportunities-in-graphite_slides.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-01-22 23:20:21 , 98.8 KB ) [ [ attachment : pcp.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2015-12-22 18:34:38 , 255.4 KB ) [ [ attachment:scop- detection-for-industrial -compilers.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2015-12-09 17:22:41 , 235.8 KB ) [ [ attachment:scop- detection - submitted -for-review.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-06-10 21:52:29 , 170.2 KB ) [ [ attachment:streamization -paper.pdf ] ]
[ get | view ] ( 2009-06-10 21:54:00 , 184.8 KB ) [ [ attachment:streamization -slides.pdf ] ]
All files | Selected Files : delete move to page copy to page
To refer to attachments on a page , use , as shown below in the list of files .
Douse the URL of thelink , since this is subject to change and can break easily .
You are not allowed to attach a file to this page .
One of the cutting - edge cures for chronic muscle tremors is called a thalamic stimulator - it's a brain implant that delivers current to your thalamus .
But it can also cause intensely pleasurable erotic feelings , leading one woman into implant addiction .
Advertisement
The 1986 case of a woman addicted to stimulating herself with a brain implant is chronicled in a scientific article from Pain journal called Compulsive thalamic self - stimulation : a case with metabolic , electrophysiologic and behavioral correlates .
The unnamed woman had been suffering from chronic pain ( the result of an injury ) for over a decade , and had tried a number of drugs to deal with it .
Though she was an alcoholic , doctors prescribed opium - based painkillers to her and she had been known to take more than her recommended dose .
With her history of drug addiction , it 's easy to see why doctors would have imagined that a brain implant would be the best course of action for the treatment of her chronic pain .
Little did they know that the woman would become addicted to that , too .
Doctors implanted an electrode deep in her thalamus ( see image below ) .
Advertisement
The article explains :
Soon after insertion of the nVPL electrode , the patient noted that stimulation also produced erotic sensations .
This pleasurable response was heightened by continuous stimulation at 75 % maximal amplitude , frequently augmented by short bursts at maximal amplitude .
Though sexual arousal was prominent , no orgasm occurred with these brief increases in stimulation intensity .
Despite several episodes of paroxysmal atrial tachycardia [ heart disturbance ] and development of adverse behavioural and neurological symptoms during maximal stimulation , compulsive use of the stimulator developed .
At its most frequent , the patient self - stimulated throughout the day , neglecting personal hygiene and family commitments .
A chronic ulceration developed at the tip of the finger used to adjust the amplitude dial and she frequently tampered with the device in an effort to increase the stimulation amplitude .
At times , she implored her to limit her access to the stimulator , each time demanding its return after a short hiatus .
During the past two years , compulsive use has become associated with frequent attacks of anxiety , depersonalization , periods of psychogenic polydipsia and virtually complete inactivity .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What 's interesting is that this case seems to have been largely forgotten , despite occasional mentions in the popular media over the years .
Meanwhile , dozens of scientific articles have been published in medical journals about thalamic stimulators as a treatment for patients suffering from tremors caused by Parkinson 's disease and Tourette 's syndrome .
There is likely some relationship between what our unnamed addict experienced ( increased loss of motor control ) and these new therapies ( which help minimize loss of motor control ) .
Some evidence has turned up that thalamic stimulators are still delivering erotic feelings .
A recent article in the International Journal of Impotence Research revealed that a patient who had received a thalamic stimulator to control his Tourette 's was also getting erections when he self - stimulated with the implant .
And a study of thalamic implants in sea bass showed that the fish underwent a " sex color change , " part of their mating process , when stimulated .
Advertisement
Science fiction author Larry Niven once dubbed these addicts " wireheads , " but science fiction has now become science fact .
As thalamic stimulators and other brain implants become more commonplace , it 's likely that our anonymous implant addict will no longer be an outlier .
She 's just the first documented case of a new kind of addiction .
Check out LEAP 's Jack Cole on Andrew Napolitano's Freedom Watch program :
When you 've got a cop and a judge on FOX News talking about ending the drug war , you know we 're headed in the right direction .
Nicole Bengiveno / The New York Times
Uninsured children who wind up in the hospital are much more likely to die than children covered by either private or government insurance plans , according to one of the first studies to assess the impact of insurance coverage on hospitalized children .
Researchers at Johns Hopkins Children ’s Center analyzed data from more than 23 million children ’s hospitalizations in 37 states from 1988 to 2005 .
Compared with insured children , uninsured children faced a 60 percent increased risk of dying , the researchers found .
The authors estimated that at least 1,000 hospitalized children died each year simply because they lacked insurance , accounting for 16,787 of some 38,649 children ’s deaths nationwide during the period analyzed .
“ If you take two kids from the same demographic background — the same race , same gender , same neighborhood income level and same number of co-morbidities or other illnesses — the kid without insurance is 60 percent more likely to die in the hospital than the kid in the bed right next to him or her who is insured , ” said David C. Chang , co-director of the pediatric surgery outcomes group at the children ’s center and an author of the study , which appeared today in The Journal of Public Health .
Although the research was not set up to identify why uninsured children were more likely to die , it found that they were more likely to gain access to care through the emergency room , suggesting they might have more advanced disease by the time they were hospitalized .
In addition , uninsured children were in the hospital , on average , for less than a day when they died , compared with a full day for insured children .
Children without insurance incurred lower hospital charges — $ 8,058 on average , compared with $ 20,951 for insured children .
In children who survived hospitalization , the length of stay and charges did not vary with insurance status .
The paper ’s lead author , Dr. Fizan Abdullah , assistant professor of surgery at Johns Hopkins , dismissed the possibility that providers gave less care or denied procedures to the uninsured .
“ The children who were uninsured literally died before the hospital could provide them more care , ” Dr. Abdullah said .
Furthermore , Dr. Abdullah said , indications are that the uninsured children “ are further along in their course of illness . ”
The results are all the more striking because children ’s deaths are so rare that they could be examined only by a very large study , said Dr. Peter J. Pronovost , a professor of surgery at Johns Hopkins and an author of the new study .
“ The striking thing is that children do n’t often die , ” Dr. Pronovost said .
“ This study provides further evidence that the need to insure everyone is a moral issue , not just an economic one . ”
An estimated seven million children are uninsured in the United States , despite recent efforts to extend coverage under the federal Children ’s Health Insurance Program .
Advocates for children said they were saddened by the findings but not surprised .
“ We know from studies of adults that lack of insurance contributes to worse outcomes , and this study provides evidence that there are similar consequences for children , ” said Alison Buist , director of child health at the Children ’s Defense Fund , a nonprofit advocacy organization .
“ If you wait until a child gets care at a hospital , you have missed an opportunity to get them the types of screening and preventive services that prevent them from getting to that level of severity to begin with . ”
The most common reasons for children being hospitalized were complications from birth , pneumonia and asthma .
The study found that the reasons did not differ depending on insurance status .
Earlier studies have found that uninsured children are more likely than insured children to have unmet medical needs , like untreated asthma or diabetes , and are more likely to go for two years without seeing a doctor .
Following a recent expansion , 14 million children will be covered by the CHIP program by 2013 , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
Advocates for children are concerned that efforts to overhaul the health care system may actually reverse the progress made toward covering more children if CHIP is phased out and many families remain unable to afford health insurance .
“ You ca n’t just dump 14 million vulnerable children into a new system without evidence that the benefits and the affordability provisions are better than they are now , ” Dr. Buist said .
“ That ’s not health reform . ”
Fans of Bud Light and Coors may be disappointed to learn that , unlike its sister store , Taste of Tops bar does not offer their beer of choice .
But that 's fine by manager Kirsten Eccles .
The new bar adjacent to the landmark Tops Liquors , owned by Kirsten 's father Greg for 26 years , features 12 beers on tap and 500 beers by the bottle , a non-mainstream selection created by design .
" If they ask ( for the mainstream beers ) , I 've got hundreds of other beers here , let me find one for you , " Eccles said .
Since it opened three weeks ago on University Drive a few blocks west of Mill Avenue , Taste of Tops has already gained a crop of regulars who enjoy unusual or hard - to - find beers that appeal to more refined palates .
Several make daily visits .
" We felt like we needed to fill a void for a fine wine and beer bar .
There 's not much off Mill ( Avenue ) .
This is much more like a neighborhood bar , " Eccles said .
Eccles said beer from only specialty kegs , no domestics , will flow from the rotating taps .
Even higher - end mainstreams such as Newcastle and Guinness wo n't make the cut .
Instead , they are reserved rarities such as Dandelion Lips of Faith , Sierra Nevada Brown Saison and a Firestone Walker IPA .
Glasses range from $ 4 to $ 6 .
A wines - by - the - glass list that features 20 white and red selections ( $ 6 - $ 14 ) and a small - plates menu , which offers hummus ( $ 6 ) , an olive bowl ( $ 5 ) and an impressive cheese plate ( $ 12 ) , add unexpected elegant touches to the bar .
Eccles said customers express some surprise when they spot the wood L - shaped bar , cushy black couches in the corner , intimate tables and flat - screen TV .
The bar 's casual lounge look exudes a vibe different from the more industrial grab - and - go liquor store next door .
If patrons wish , they may choose a beer or wine bottle from the store and the bartender will bring it over .
There is a $ 5 corkage fee and a nominal charge for beer that is consumed in the bar .
Diners may bring in takeout meals from nearby Thai Basil restaurant and Tessio's Pizza to enjoy with their beverages .
Eccles said her bar sees a steady stream of customers from nearly the time it opens until last call .
Her clientele is a mix of professionals unwinding after a long day at work , university students and neighborhood residents .
There have already been a few date nights and many walk or bike over .
Plans include expanding the menu and offering more beer and wine tastings and art shows .
Currently , artist Dave Wilson 's work graces the walls .
Taste of Tops first wine tasting is 6 to 8 p.m. next Wednesday and will feature Argentinean wines .
Regular Amy Manoil can walk to the bar from her central Tempe home .
" It 's different from Mill , it 's more relaxing , " the Arizona State University student said as she sipped her Unibroue Ephemere , a Canadian beer from Quebec with a hint of apple .
" It 's a place for people who appreciate good beer . . . not a 50 - cent Bud . "
Phoenix native Andre Gironda admitted to being somewhat of a beer snob after living in Seattle , Chicago and San Francisco , cities that celebrate and boast the quality of their microbrews .
The Tempe consultant was very pleased with the selection .
" I do n't know what I would do without this place , " Gironda said over a glass of Tripel Karmeliet , a Belgian - style ale .
" It makes me want to consider moving here . "
Details : Taste of Tops , 403 W. University Drive , Tempe. 3 p.m. to midnight Monday - Thursday , 3 p.m. to 2 a.m. Friday - Saturday , noon to 10 p.m. Sunday .
480-967-5643 or www.topsliquors.com.
A police officer who once confronted Sen .
John McCain about marijuana decriminalization is being silenced and possibly pushed out of his job with a New Hampshire police force for speaking out against marijuana prohibition , his supporters say .
Bradley Jardis , an officer with the Epping Police Department , is challenging a six - day suspension he received after reportedly getting into a heated argument with a supervisor .
According to blogger David Bratzer , Jardis received the suspension after refusing an “ illegal ” request from his bosses to refrain from speaking to the media .
ADVERTISEMENT
Jardis is an outspoken critic of marijuana prohibition and a supporter of medical marijuana laws , as well as a member of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , pro-legalization group .
Jardis was featured earlier this year in an article in the Manchester , New Hampshire , Union - Leader profiling police officers who object to the drug laws they enforce .
Jardis also penned an op -ed in April for the Union - Leader in which he spoke in favor of a proposed medical marijuana law for New Hampshire .
Sometime after those two articles appeared , Jardis began to experience pressure from his employers , his supporters allege .
A blogger writing at FreeKeene , a local New Hampshire news forum , stated the following :
After [ the ]
Union Leader article … certain people at the EPD began “ screwing ” with Brad and they started down the road of getting rid of him .
It has progressed to the point where Brad is currently looking at a total of a 6 day unpaid suspension .
The suspension is currently on hold pending the outcome of the appeals process , which ends with the Epping Board of Selectmen .
Brad received the suspension for how he interacted with his sergeant in which he stated he would n’t follow an illegal order forbidding him to speak to the media after Brad was removed from a case by the sergeant ; and for sending an e-mail to his fellow union members in the department describing malfeasance involving their union president and the Lieutenant who was in charge of investigating / disciplining Brad on the illegal order issue .
New Hampshire citizen journalist Dave Ridley reports that Jardis also became the subject of harassment , presenting as evidence a hand - drawn cartoon Jardis says he found stapled to his locker , showing a man dressed in a superhero outfit and captioned with the words “ gay man . ”
Ridley reports that Jardis is not gay .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ On the plus side , it looks like Jardis may someday generate new case law that will protect free speech for all police officers in New Hampshire , ” Bratzer writes .
“ The downside is that this is probably going to be a long , messy , expensive and painful process for him . ”
JARDIS VS .
McCAIN
In late 2007 , Jardis confronted Arizona Sen .
John McCain about America ’s drug laws during a New Hamsphire campaign stop .
“ I ’ve served here in my state as a law enforcement officer for nine years now , and after nine years of working on the streets … I have seen first - hand that the war on drugs causes crime , it causes children to have access easier and it does nothing to curb the problem of drug abuse , ” Jardis said to McCain .
“ Like alcohol prohibition , after the 18th Amendment passed , the country wised up and we passed the 21st Amendment which curbed violent problems in this country greatly .
What is it going to take for a powerful politician like yourself to realize that the war on drugs is a failure and we need to get smart about drugs , not tough ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s gonna take a lot before I adopt your viewpoint , ” McCain responded .
The Republican candidate went on to argue that the alcohol analogy was incorrect because “ most experts would say that in moderation , one or two drinks of alcohol does not have an effect on one ’s judgment , mental acuity , or their physical abilities .
I think most experts would say that the first ingestion of drugs leads to mind - altering and other experiences , other effects , and can lead over time to serious , serious problems . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was posted to YouTube on November 17 , 2007 .
The following video , produced by David Ridley , was posted to YouTube on October 20 , 2009 .
Tom Meakin , President - Elect of Magdalen Junior Common Room added : " Magdalen does after all look a little bit like Hogwarts , and not to put any noses out of joint , but my Vice - President does look a little bit like Hagrid . "
" The fact we beat Ferrari to third place is also a matter of pride to us , and I want to pay tribute to all at the team for the superhuman efforts they made in achieving that milestone .
Every country has their own laws and circumstances which must be navigated in order to get a successful outcome , and not every family law attorney has this type of international experience .
No matter where a client travels from to find us , we look forward to discussing their case and helping them plan for a new beginning .
Family law sometimes goes hand in hand with immigration law , especially in such an international hotspot .
Bilingual in Spanish and English , the Law Offices of S.G. Morrow & Associates are up to the challenge .
We are able to translate the law into a language that you can understand so you can make the best legal decisions for you and your family .
We believe that you know best when it comes to your situation .
Went to my first and last dance instructional appointment with my wife at the Dance Doctor in Santa Monica , CA ... I just did n't feel all that welcome there for some reason . :)
We told you earlier about Horrible Turn , the unauthorized musical prequel to Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog .
Now the movie is online , featuring a young Dr. Horrible 's attempt to save his school and win the girl , backed by a snappy chorus .
Advertisement
Horrible Turn is a charming bit of fan fiction with impressive production values .
We revisit several of the characters from the original — even Johnny Snow makes a few appearances — and learn the real reason why everyone loves Captain Hammer .
Plus , the prequel has its own , all - female version of the Bad Horse Chorus , and reveals the first dastardly deeds of the Evil League of Evil .
Advertisement
Horrible Turn [ via Whedonesque ]
Code : #include < std_disclaimer.h>
/* * Your warranty is now void .
* * I am not responsible for bricked devices , dead SD cards , * thermonuclear war , or you getting fired because the alarm app failed .
Please * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this ROM * before flashing it !
YOU are choosing to make these modifications , and if * you point the finger at me for messing up your device , I will laugh at you .
*/
Now that the dust has settled , it 's time for a new CM build ..
This is a heavily modified version of AOSP 1.6 without the proprietary bits ( which will back up your proprietary bits and restore them after installing the ROM ) .
In order to get up and running the first time , you 'll need to follow some simple instructions .
A great set of documentation has been put together by the community at the CyanogenMod Wiki .
Everything you need to know is there !
But first .. The Android devices we own come with many files that can't be redistributed legally , and as you all probably know , I can no longer include these with my ROMs .
So , in order to get up and running , you 'll need a compatible device with a compatible ROM.IF HTC Touch Input Force Closes : install file below =) *
UNIVERSAL !
Runs on both Dream and Magic 32B * Based on Android 1.6 , many bugfixes and enhancements from AOSP , XDA , and me * Custom art and wallpapers from Prash *
Highly optimized kernel with many extra modules *
Enhanced ramdisk which uses optimal mount options and smart startup *
Includes E2FSProgs for checking and converting Ext filesystems * Apps2SD is automatic !
All you need is a second partition ( ext ) . *
Launcher with 5 screens and auto-orientation and compact drawer layout * 360 degree auto-orientation thanks to Optedoblivion *
Clean filesystem shutdown at poweroff / reboot , and fsck at boot ( no FS corruption ! ) *
Includes Amazon MP3 store , and Work Email ( MS Exchange support ) *
Does not require " DangerSPL " *
Includes a massive APN list *
Maximum CPU scaling frequency set to 528MHz with latency tweaks *
Various enhancements to the Settings app including extra partition space *
System dex cache moved to / cache to save 30 mb on / data Phone app enhancements by cytown MMS enhancements from rgv151 FLAC audio support thanks to kroot *
Bluetooth OBEX support from Erin Yueh * Contacts app enhancements by ChainsDD and Wysie * USB tethering support ( kernel code ported by Zinx ) * Commandline extras : bash , lsof , powertop , htop , nano , busybox *
Ability to lock home app in memory ( control in Spare Parts app ) *
Eclair graphics , apps , and other guts *
Multitouch browser and gallery * Music and DeskClock apps from EclairStop by # cyanogenmod on irc.freenode.net !
The dimensions of the unfolding disaster in Afghanistan are becoming bigger and more daunting by the day .
Once - staunch defenders of the " good war " are starting to break ranks .
Kim Howells , a former Foreign Office minister with responsibility for Afghanistan and current chairman of the parliamentary intelligence and security committee , questions in our newspaper today the central tenet of the government 's case for fighting in Afghanistan : that it is the frontline of a war that would otherwise be conducted on British streets .
Mr Howells said counter - terrorism would be better served by bringing the majority of servicemen home .
Better , he argues , to concentrate on protecting our borders and gathering intelligence at home and abroad .
He is saying publicly what many in government must be thinking privately : that troops are dying needlessly in a war that is unwinnable , with a strategy that is unworkable , and that we should be thinking of the alternative now .
We do not agree with everything Mr Howells says , but at least he is saying it , which puts him in a class above most other politicians .
Mr Howells may have cast the first stone , but the current consensus is wearing so thin that it would not take much to shatter .
Afghanistan is a political failure , a fact over which the international community continue to be in denial .
If they were not , neither America nor Britain would be toying with the notion that they can pressure Mr Karzai into forming a clean government .
Flanked by two vice - presidents , including a notorious warlord that Mr Karzai accepted as a running mate , Mr Karzai vowed yesterday to tackle corruption .
This was rather like a cat promising abstinence on the subject of mice .
The election has been more than just messy – Barack Obama 's word .
It has been oxymoronic .
A process run by the UN has made a nonsense of the very standard the UN exists to uphold .
The result has highlighted just how elusive the dream of a working democratic state is .
It begs a serious question : what does territory cleared , even temporarily , of the Taliban look like ?
The families of the soldiers fighting for this territory are entitled to an answer .
So are the Afghans , who have suffered disportionately more .
They are far from getting one .
Mr Obama is now left clinging to one tarnished man – not an institution or national assembly of tribal chiefs – to deliver the central plank of his fight against the Taliban and al - Qaida .
And while he clings to him , any hope of recentring aid efforts on local communities or on reforming parliament will be subverted just as the election was .
Wait for the next announcement on troop levels .
It will be groundhog day – all over again .
Lloyds , Royal Bank of Scotland and Northern Rock will be broken up and parts of their businesses sold off to create three new banks , it emerged last night .
Government sources said ministers were " determined " to see more competition in the market , following the £ 1.2 trillion bailout of the sector which resulted in the loss of three independent banks and several building societies .
The European Union will today approve the split of Northern Rock into two sections , a " good " , profitable , bank with no bad debt , and a " bad " bank .
Ministers will begin exploring sale options at the start of next year when the split happens and a deal could be finalised before the general election .
The remaining " bad " bank will remain in state hands for the time being although sales of " tranches " of the more risky mortgages it holds will be explored in the longer term .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Lloyds and RBS sell - offs will follow over the next three to five years and will be supervised by UK Financial Investments , the government body set up to oversee taxpayers ' investment in the banks .
The Government is understood to have made clear that existing larger operators will be banned from participating in the sales .
Ministers want to drive competition in a sector they believe is too concentrated in the hands of the " Big Four " of Barclays , HSBC , Lloyds and RBS .
Virgin Money is known to be watching the situation closely and is in talks to add former Northern Rock chairman Bryan Sanderson to its board ahead of a possible bid for Northern Rock .
Tesco is another company that could be enticed into an auction as it seeks to grow its financial services business .
Spain 's Banco Santander , which owns Abbey , Alliance & Leicester and part of Bradford & Bingley , may be allowed to get involved because it is significantly smaller than the big banking groups in Britain .
But it could still be frustrated by the Government 's determination to attract new entrants .
" We are keen to see greater competition in the banking sector as soon as possible , " said a government source .
A deal to buy " good " Northern Rock would bring a new entrant around £ 20bn of deposits together with a portfolio of low - risk mortgages and a platform to expand operations that remain concentrated in the North - east nationwide .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Lloyds is expected to face a forced reduction in its share of the retail banking market from 30 per cent to 25 per cent , with the disposal of more than a seventh of its 3,000 branches expected .
It has been desperately seeking support in the City for a share issue of up to £ 15 bn to keep it out of the Government 's asset protection scheme that will cover it against losses from up to £ 260bn of risky loans .
But even if Lloyds can achieve this , it will be forced to sell parts of itself as a consequence of the Government 's injection of nearly £ 15 bn to recapitalise the bank at the height of the financial crisis .
That will be seen as a blow to Eric Daniels , chief executive , who indicated at the bank 's recent results that he did not expect to make significant disposals .
A spokesman said : " We continue to work with European regulators . "
Royal Bank of Scotland , meanwhile , is working on plans to sell off a " couple of hundred " branches , including RBS branded outlets in the UK and NatWest 's Scottish branches .
It is certain to join the government scheme although how much will be protected is not yet certain .
Final details on the Lloyds and RBS disposals are set to be announced alongside details of the asset protection scheme .
But an indication of the EU's " get tough " approach came on Monday when ING , which owns the ING Direct savings bank in Britain , said it would split itself in two to satisfy watchdogs unhappy at its bailout by the Dutch government .
Britain 's banking sector was further consolidated on Monday with the announcement by Barclays of a deal to buy Standard Life Bank .
Government sources said that while the new banks would be relatively small compared with the big four , they hoped they would prove fast moving and innovative .
The effect Standard Life Bank had on the market when it was launched has been noted , although its activities were constrained by the credit crunch .
The Government currently has a stake of 70.34 per cent in Royal Bank of Scotland and 43.44 per cent in Lloyds .
That gives ministers the whip hand over both banks .
They are expected to take up the taxpayers ' " rights " when Lloyds launches its share issue to maintain the size of its investment .
news Googling Toronto
Since its official launch in August 2008 , Google Suggest has been fuelling a new auto - complete meme that has taken off on social sites like Digg and Reddit and even encouraged news sites like Slate to take a pseudo - sociolinguistic look at Google ’s most popular searches .
What we search can tell us a lot about who we are , so we thought it would be funny illuminating to use Google Canada ’s version of Suggest to find and dissect common queries about Toronto .
Toronto is Full of Celebrity Stalkers
Toronto ’s Inferiority Complex
Cold Comfort
What the Funk ?
Then Again
Something in the Water
Go Leafs Go ?
UofT is the Place To Be !
The Idiot Syndrome
American Stylez
Hillary Clinton in in Marrakech to meet a number of Arab foreign ministers US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has said that Washington has not changed its stance against Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
She has been meeting Arab foreign ministers in Marrakech in Morocco .
On Saturday , Mrs Clinton urged the Israelis and Palestinians to restart talks as soon as possible .
This appeared to endorse an Israeli position that talks could start before a settlement freeze which the Palestinians are demanding .
On Saturday , she met Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , in a new US drive to restart the peace talks .
Israeli plan praised
In a major policy speech in Cairo in June , President Barack Obama said the US did not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlement in the occupied territories and " it is time for these settlements to stop " .
Though Mrs Clinton insisted that the administration 's position on settlement building had not changed , on Monday she praised an Israeli offer to significantly restrict the growth of settlements .
" If it is acted upon it [ the offer ] will be an unprecedented restriction on settlements and will have a significant and meaningful effect on restraining their growth , " she said .
But following Israeli objections since Mr Netanyahu took office seven months ago , Washington has changed tack , saying the most important thing was to get the negotiations going again .
The Palestinian refusal to acquiesce in this means the chances appear slimmer than ever that these talks about talks can be turned into substantive negotiations , BBC Jerusalem correspondent Paul Wood said .
The Palestinians feel angry and let down by the Obama administration , our correspondent says .
They refused a direct appeal from Mrs Clinton to enter substantive talks immediately and the final status negotiations remain a long , long way off .
In Morocco , the secretary of state was scheduled to hold a bilateral meeting with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al - Faisal as well as group meetings with Gulf Arab ministers and officials from Egypt , Jordan and Iraq on the sidelines of a development conference .
She was also due to meet Morocco 's King Mohammed .
Israel has occupied the West Bank and East Jerusalem since 1967 , annexing the latter shortly afterwards , and it has settled more than 500,000 Jews in the two areas .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The D3s is not simply the D3 plus 720 p video recording , a la the D300s .
A redesigned sensor allows it to shoot at up to ISO 102,400 .
Yeah , that 's a six - digit ISO .
The D3s 's sensor is an evolved form of the original D3's 12.1 MP full - frame sensor , using a different structure to improve the signal - to - noise ratio while shooting at higher ISO ratings , along with new algorithms for better image processing .
The normal ISO range is 200 - 12,800 , going up to ISO 102,400 at the top end of the expanded range .
God only knows what kind of photos it 's going to turn out cranked to that ridiculous setting .
Even if you are n't shooting anything with an ISO approaching the size of small lotto winnings , the lower level ISO settings , like around ISO 6400 , should look even better than same setting on the D3 .
Nikon stressed that ISO 6400 and up to 12,800 would be " comfortable " to shoot at , so they are setting up some not - exactly - moderate expectations .
The disappointing news is that it shoots 720 p video , not 1080 , as previously rumored .
( Nikon says it 's because the cam 's for photojournalists , who do n't want or need 1080 p . )
But video does take advantage of the D3S 's hunger for light , so the dynamic range is wide as hell with High Sensitivity Movie mode , and the D3S 's video mode is overall more capable than Nikon 's previous video - shooting DSLRs with full aperture control , faster AF in live view and a stereo input .
A new algorithm also alleviates some of the weird video problems Nikon 's had before , supposedly .
Other improvements over the D3 include a bigger buffer for 2 x bigger continuous bursts , automatic image sensor cleaning and faster startup and autofocus .
The crop mode is changed slightly , to a 1.2 x crop , instead of a full DX crop ( 1.3 x 1.5 x ) .
The body , battery , AF system and all of that stuff is pretty much the same :
It 's the D3 evolved , after all , not reinvented .
It 's out in November for $ 5200 , which is a $ 200 premium over what the D3 itself debuted at .
It 's hard to judge where it'll stand in the market in some regard , because Canon 's flagship pro systems are ancient at this point , making the D3s virtually uncontested for now .
But we 'll see .
THE IMAGING EVOLUTION CONTINUES : THE NIKON D3S ILLUMINATES NEW LEVELS OF POWER AND PERFORMANCE FOR PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHERS
Nikon Once Again Redefines Possibilities with D - SLR Photography with Six -Figure ISO Sensitivity for Stills and Video While Enhancing Overall Performance
MELVILLE , N.Y. ( Oct. 14 , 2009 ) – Today , Nikon Inc. announced the FX - format D3S D - SLR , providing professional photographers with a powerful tool that redefines the boundaries of digital SLR versatility , while maintaining the strength of superior image quality and high speed performance inherited from the ground breaking D3 .
The D3S enables not only new opportunities in low - light photography , but also provides photographers with added shutter speed and aperture freedom with a base ISO sensitivity range from ISO 200 to a remarkable 12,800 .
Additionally , expanded ISO equivalent settings up to a staggering 102,400 are available , enabling photographers to create images previously thought impossible .
The Nikon D3S builds upon the success of the Nikon D3 - the professional digital SLR that set new standards for D - SLR performance and utilizes a newly designed , Nikon original 12.1 - megapixel FX - format CMOS sensor that also integrates its amazing low - light ability to High Definition ( HD ) video , creating a uniquely capable multi-media tool to meet the needs of a changing imaging landscape .
" When the Nikon D3 was released , it ushered in a new era of professional digital imaging .
Today , the D3S will further reinforce Nikon 's leadership role in the photographic industry as a pioneer in performance - driven technologies that will again break once - rigid picture - taking barriers , " said Edward Fasano , general manager for Marketing , SLR Systems Products at Nikon Inc .
" The ruggedly constructed D3S was engineered to address the real - world needs of professional photographers and provides them with a tool that , when combined with their skills , delivers stunning images in a broad range of shooting conditions and assignment requirements . "
Creative Vision Beyond the Human Eye
The Nikon D3S , with a base ISO sensitivity from ISO 200 to 12,800 makes it possible to capture previously impossible images - image opportunities which were often ignored because of low light levels .
Now , in even more demanding lighting conditions , photographers can select expanded sensitivity settings of ISO equivalent 25,600 , ISO equivalent 51,200 and an incredible ISO equivalent sensitivity of 102,400 which reveals detail in extreme low - light environments that challenge even the human eye 's ability to discern subject content .
In addition , a setting of ISO equivalent 100 is provided .
This industry - first , groundbreaking ISO sensitivity range will make the D3S the camera of choice for photographers who typically face extreme lighting challenges , such as indoor or nighttime sports , spot news , wedding receptions and ambitious nature photography .
This broad ISO sensitivity also affords the ability to shoot at faster , action - stopping shutter speeds .
D3S shooters will enjoy a major advantage in any situation where light is limited and the use of supplemental lighting is not an option .
For the photojournalist , even the highest ISO setting delivers image quality to satisfy the needs of offset printing .
Big Pixels Equal Greater ISO Capabilities
The amazing low - light ability of the D3S , as well as its astounding image quality can be attributed in large part to the engineering behind the newly designed , Nikon original 12.1 - megapixel FX - format CMOS sensor , which measures 36x23.9 mm .
While the pixel size and count that served the D3 were maintained to deliver the pinnacle of image quality , dynamic range , phenomenal tonal gradation and outstanding color , other aspects were engineered to add versatility through broader low - noise ISO sensitivity .
Individual pixels measure a large 8.45 microns , which support enhanced sensitivity to light and other qualities leading to superior image fidelity .
The D3S captures light and renders images in a way that no other Nikon camera has yet to achieve , with a higher signal - to - noise ratio and an unmatched dynamic range for both stills and HD video throughout its broadened ISO range .
D3S adds the extra benefit of an Image Sensor Cleaning function to reduce instances of image degradation resulting from dust accumulation on the optical low pass filter ( OLPF ) in front of the image sensor .
The OLPF oscillates at four specific frequencies to release particles that would disrupt image quality .
Sensor Cleaning can be set by the user to cycle automatically when the camera is powered on , turned off , or on demand .
Share the Vision with D - Movie Creativity
Whether on the frontlines or sidelines , the amazing ISO range of the D3S can also be applied while recording HD video clips to give unprecedented low - light ability for movie clips .
The refined D - Movie mode for the FX - format offers smooth 1280x720 video at a cinematic 24 fps , with a new algorithm that severely reduces the phenomenon of " rolling shutter " typical to D - SLRs while panning .
The motion JPEG codec allows for easy extraction of single frames from a video clip and the ability to save it as a JPEG file , while the 720 p HD format eases storage , provides faster wireless transfers , and offers video files that are generally easier to use in the field .
Photographers can also trim movie clips on the fly by revising the start and end points , and save the edited clip as a copy while maintaining the original .
Additionally , the D3S features a built - in monaural microphone , augmented by a stereo microphone input , which is perfect for hot - shoe microphone mounting or the use of wireless microphones for interviews or spot news .
Photographers and film makers alike will appreciate the full aperture control from a wide f/1.4 to f/16 , as the FX - format sensor renders low - noise movie clips with outstanding clarity , aided by the large selection of renowned NIKKOR lenses to produce a dramatic depth of field .
High Sensitivity Movie Mode allows the utilization of the entire ISO range to capture otherwise hidden details in challenging lighting conditions , more effectively than cameras with smaller sensors .
Now , users can benefit from available natural light for applications such as telling a story in a journalistic style in the field or to create a gritty film noir masterpiece without CGI post production .
While recording , users also have the ability to control exposure , and will enjoy the added benefits of improved contrast - detect type AF while in Tripod Live View mode .
Performance and Features Defining Versatility
The emergence of the D3 in 2007 provided photographers with a unique fusion of ruggedness , speed , versatility and image quality - characteristics which the D3S now takes even further .
Photographers are able to capture images at 9 frames per second ( fps ) in the FX - format or at up to 11 fps in the DX crop mode , while data is transferred through a 16 - bit pipeline for optimal processing speed .
Additionally , the buffer has been increased , enabling continuous bursts approximately twice that of the D3 in the JPEG , TIFF or NEF ( RAW ) formats .
Files can also be captured in either 12 - or 14 - bit compressed or uncompressed formats to maintain the images data integrity .
Photographers can also select the new 1.2 x crop mode for a modest telephoto effect , while minimally impacting resolution , as photos are captured at approximately 8.4 megapixels ( 9 fps ) .
The D3S digital SLR also features two UDMA compatible CompactFlash™ card slots that can be used for consecutive recording ( overflow ) , simultaneous recording ( backup ) , separating recording of RAW and JPEG files or even copying pictures between the two cards .
One or both can also be designated for data - heavy D - Movie recording .
Images can be displayed directly from the camera to a High Definition monitor using the camera 's HDMI port and an optional cable .
The D3S features Nikon 's exclusive Multi-CAM 3500 FX focus module , with 51 AF points , 15 cross type sensors and 36 horizontal sensors that easily track and lock onto moving subjects , delivering the same fast and accurate AF performance that helped make the D3 immediately successful .
Users can select any of the AF points , making it easy to consistently attain accurate focus , frame after frame .
Additionally , three AF - area modes – Single point , Dynamic - area AF and Auto - area AF – are available to maximize the use of the 51 focus points by selecting the most suitable one to match subject conditions .
AF is also available in one of two Live View modes optimized for the studio , including a phase detection handheld mode and a tripod mode .
While in Live View , the graphic indication of a virtual horizon is also available , making it easier than ever to confirm camera orientation .
To alleviate another kind of noise , the D3S also features a Quiet Shutter Mode which substantially reduces the sound of the camera 's mirror - down cycle , which is perfect for shooting in sensitive environments , such as movie sets , meetings , ceremonies , or while photographing wildlife .
Technologies Engineered for Professionals
The D3S digital SLR 's speed and performance is the culmination of many Nikon core technologies including the latest generation of the EXPEED ™
Image Processing System .
The latest iteration of this system is specially designed to keep pace with the D3S ' blazing performance to provide amazing image quality , faster processing speeds and lower power consumption .
This advanced system is able to achieve extremely precise color reproduction for a broad spectrum of hues , in addition to vivid saturation and smooth gradation .
Nikon 's advanced noise processing function is engineered to minimize noise at all sensitivities and operate seamlessly without interfering with other image color parameters .
The D3S ' accelerated Scene Recognition System analyzes information from the 1,005 - pixel RGB light sensor for use in auto exposure , auto white balance detection and autofocus calculations .
The Scene Recognition System also assists autofocus by tracking subject position and automatically shifts the AF points used to match the subject 's movement within the frame .
Nikon 's exclusive 3D Color Matrix Metering II assists in ensuring accurate exposures , even in the most challenging lighting conditions .
Instantly evaluating each scene before capture , input data from the system 's sensor is automatically referenced against an internal database of more than 30,000 images derived from actual photographs to calculate correct exposure values .
Active D - Lighting ( ADL ) , used in combination with 3D Matrix Metering II helps to determine proper exposure , and creates realistic contrast while compensating for lost shadows and highlights .
Photographers can also use ADL bracketing for up to five frames of ADL compensation .
To further enhance each photographer 's expression of personal style , Nikon 's Picture Control System allows selection of Picture Control settings including Standard , Neutral , Vivid and Monochrome .
Additionally , adjustment can be made to Picture Controls to image sharpening , contrast , brightness , saturation , hue and more .
Photographers then have the flexibility to save up to nine personalized Picture Controls on camera and 99 additional Picture Controls externally .
Ready for Work
Engineered for real - world functionality , the D3S is ruggedly constructed with moisture , dust and shock resistance that has become a hallmark of flagship Nikon D - SLRs , while preserving the usability and ergonomics that allow the camera to remain an extension of the photographer 's vision .
Attention to detail goes so far as to include a self - diagnostic shutter system that is tested to 300,000 cycles for maximum accuracy and longevity .
Rigid and precise magnesium alloy construction and the familiar form factor of the D3 extend consistent Nikon system synergy .
A bright and accurate viewfinder provides 100 - percent coverage with 0.7 x magnification .
The body also houses Nikon 's acclaimed 921,000 - dot , 3.0 - inch super density LCD monitor which is viewable up to 170 degrees , and is safeguarded by a tempered glass cover .
Thanks to incredibly efficient internal circuitry , the D3S can capture up to 4200 * shots per single charge of the camera 's Lithium-ion battery .
System Strength Withstands the Test of Time
The D3S is fully compatible with Nikon 's Creative Lighting System ( CLS ) affording photographers a mobile lighting solution that is easy to manage .
D3S is also compatible with Nikon 's GP - 1 GPS receiver to gather information such as latitude , longitude , altitude and ( satellite ) date of shooting .
Photographers can shoot tethered via USB , or use the WT - 4A wireless transmitter to send images wirelessly when speed and mobility are essential .
D3S users will also enjoy the system strength bolstered by a comprehensive selection of NIKKOR interchangeable lenses - long heralded for their optical superiority .
Price and Availability
The Nikon D3S digital SLR is scheduled to be available at Nikon Authorized dealers beginning in late November 2009 at an estimated selling price of $ 5,199.95 **.
For more information , please visit www.nikonusa.com.
Users can see the new D3S , along with Nikon 's entire line of photographic , optical and digital imaging solutions , including the recently announced new AF - S DX Micro NIKKOR 85 mm f/3.5G ED VR lens , on display at the Nikon booth ( #501 ) at the PhotoPlus Expo in New York , from Oct. 22 to Oct. 24 , 2009 .
Business has to be run smoothly .
A business is either a joint or an independent venture and it is conducted in a planned manner .
It is needless to say that capital is an integral part of business if the business has to be conducted properly then capital inflow is important .
Money for any business is required at different steps and also the capital collected from various payments has to be kept in the bank because keeping huge amount of capital in the office or at home is n’t a sensible plan .
Problems related with making deposits for business account holders
In a business the owner in Brisbane has to maintain and look after a lot of things .
Cash transactions often take place in business and it is not always possible for the business owner to leave all work to deposit cash but on the other hand storing cash in the office is risky .
Depositing money in the bank will keep the capital safe but time is a constraint because the need for deposit can arrive at any hour and it is not possible to leave all work and visit the bank for making the deposit .
On the other hand carrying huge amount of cash alone is also in risk .
Ensuring safe cash handling and deposit
Hence to resolve all cash handling problems for business persons many organizations provide cash collection services .
The important features of a cash collection service provider include the following :
The business person can make an appointment for availing the service of a cash collection organization and the agent will meet the client at the appointed time .
The appointed agent for the task will be given valid identification card which can be checked by the client before handing over the cash for deposit .
The service provider will provide the visiting agent with requisite acknowledgement slips which will detail the cash amount that is taken by the agent for deposit .
The client will therefore have a certified document which details the transaction that has taken place and can preserve it as confirmation for future reference .
Usually the schedule of the visit is kept in such a way so that the client can comfortably deal with the cash collecting agent without disturbing his / her daily tasks .
The vehicles which are used for transferring the cash from the office or home of the business person are safe and insured .
Hence in every way the money is in safe hands .
The deposit will be done in the business account of the person and deposit receipts will be again delivered to the client .
Therefore it is a safe and easy method for getting one ’s cash deposited in the business account without having to undergo any hassles .
The schedule of business owners is very hectic so pickup services are provided by many banks so as to allow the customers having business accounts to make deposits in a simple way .
There is no need to be apprehensive regarding the efficacy of the services provided by cash collecting organizations as they aspire to do the very best for their esteemed clients .
LOS ANGELES -- Former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson and a photographer are being investigated for misdemeanor battery after an airport scuffle that injured the paparazzo , police said Thursday .
Tyson and Tony Echeverria , 50 , made citizens ' arrests of each other after a confrontation at about 4:30 p.m. Wednesday at Los Angeles International Airport , airport police Sgt. Jim Holcomb .
Police were called and they were fingerprinted and photographed before being released without bail , Holcomb said .
The city attorney will decide whether to file criminal charges .
Echeverria , who described himself as a freelance photographer , told police that Tyson struck him once .
The photographer fell to the ground and was treated for a cut to his forehead at a hospital .
Tyson had stopped at LAX while traveling from Europe to Las Vegas when several photographers began snapping him near a ticket counter , Holcomb said .
Tyson 's attorney Shawn Chapman Holley said the boxer was traveling with his wife and 10 - month - old child when he was attacked by an overly aggressive paparazzo .
" Mike acted in self defense as a father protecting his child , " she said .
Echeverria 's camera was booked as evidence and police were also checking if there was any surveillance video of the incident .
Tyson was cooperative as he waited in a holding cell at the airport police station , Holcomb said .
Echevarria was treated at a hospital while Tyson continued his trip , Holcomb said .
Holcomb said both men were released without any restrictions and free to go wherever they want .
Paparazzi often camp out at Los Angeles ' largest airport to get shots of celebrities in transit .
Tyson became the youngest heavyweight champion ever in 1986 when he won his title as a 20 - year - old .
But his life since then has been marred by accusations of domestic violence , rape and cocaine use .
Tyson was convicted of rape in Indiana in 1992 and served three years in prison .
He was disqualified from a 1997 heavyweight title fight when he bit off part of Evander Holyfield 's right ear , and in 1999 he pleaded no contest to misdemeanor assault charges in Maryland .
In 2003 , Tyson filed for Chapter 11 protection in U.S. Bankruptcy Court .
He served 24 hours in an Arizona jail in 2007 after pleading guilty to cocaine possession and driving under the influence .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
An all - male college in Atlanta , Georgia , has banned the wearing of women 's clothes , makeup , high heels and purses as part of a new crackdown on what the institution calls inappropriate attire .
William Bynum says he discussed the new dress - wearing ban policy with Morehouse 's campus gay organization .
No dress - wearing is part of a larger dress code launched this week that Morehouse College is calling its " Appropriate Attire Policy . "
The policy also bans wearing hats in buildings , pajamas in public , do - rags , sagging pants , sunglasses in class and walking barefoot on campus .
However , it is the ban on cross-dressing that has brought national attention to the small historically African - American college .
Watch students react to the new dress code »
The dress - wearing ban is aimed at a small part of the private college 's 2,700 - member student body , said Dr. William Bynum , vice president for Student Services .
" We are talking about five students who are living a gay lifestyle that is leading them to dress a way we do not expect in Morehouse men , " he said .
Before the school released the policy , Bynum said , he met with Morehouse Safe Space , the campus ' gay organization .
" We talked about it and then they took a vote , " he said .
" Of the 27 people in the room , only three were against it . "
There has been a positive response along with some criticism throughout the campus , he said .
Senior Devon Watson said he disagrees with parts of the new policy , especially those that tell students what they should wear in free time outside of the classroom .
" I feel that there will be a lot of resentment and backlash , " Watson said .
" It infringes on the student 's freedom of expression .
I matriculated successfully for three - and - half years dressing so how is this a problem ? "
Senior Tyrone McGowan said he has mixed feelings about parts of the policy .
" But I have been inspired by the conversation it has created , " he said .
" We have to find a way to create diverse leaders from this college .
I do n't want this to place all of us in one box . "
Those breaking the policy will not be allowed to go to class unless they change .
Chronic dress - code offenders could be suspended from the college .
Bynum said the policy comes from the vision of the college 's president , who wants the institution to create leaders like notable graduates Martin Luther King Jr. , actor Samuel Jackson and film director Spike Lee .
Senior Cameron Titus applauds the change .
" The policy is just saying that you have to show more respect in how you dress and there are things that are just not acceptable at Morehouse , " Titus said .
" We have a legacy that we are trying to uphold . "
All About Morehouse College • Gay and Lesbian Relationships
A man holding a briefcase in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - A man in Taiwan was robbed of more than $ 2 million in cash that he had just withdrawn from the bank , a police official said on Tuesday .
Three masked gunmen robbed the 50 - year - old victim on Monday afternoon in the southern city of Tainan , logging the highest - value robbery in city history with a heist of T$ 77 million ( 2.39 million ) , said a police investigation official surnamed Chang .
The gunmen approached the victim , surnamed Tsai , as he drove from the bank to his watch shop nearby , Taiwan ’s Central News Agency said .
One shot a shop employee in the foot during a scuffle to fight off the gunmen , the agency said .
Police are looking for the three men while advising people in the 769,000 - population city to be more vigilant .
“ We ’re putting out a notice on public safety , telling citizens that we ’re ready stand beside them for protection as they use the bank , ” Chang said .
VISORDOWN gave you the heads up yesterday on Australia 's latest road - safety campaign video , which was due for release today - and here is the thought - provoking film .
The State Of Victoria wants to get across the message that motorcyclists come out second best in road smashes regardless of whether or not they are at fault .
The video is the latest in a string of hard - hitting campaigns targeting the dangers of motorcycling .
Yesterday we published a gruesome video about the dangers bikers face if they do n't wear the right protective clothing .
The Aussies do n't shy away from ' telling it like it really is ' .
Both clips are certainly food for thought .
We think the latest video does the job very well .
Do n't you ?
For every Sunbelt refugee who has tried to leave high tax bills behind in the cold Northeast , Julian Robertson scored a victory this week .
By proving that he was outside New York City for half the days in the year 2000 , the former hedge - fund titan avoided $ 27 million in city taxes , thanks to a ruling by New York 's tax court .
No thanks are due the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance , which had ruled he was a resident and therefore liable for the multimillion - dollar tab .
In the upside - down world of tax law , where ...
If President Obama happened to glance at “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” last Monday , he might have winced .
Ms. Maddow pretended to celebrate the passage of a health care overhaul bill in the House , calling it “ potentially a huge generational win for the Democratic Party ”  but then halted the triumphant music and called it an “ electoral defeat . ”
The Stupak amendment , she said , was “ the biggest restriction on abortion rights in a generation . ”
Then she wondered aloud about the consequences for Democrats “ if they do n’t get women or anybody who ’s pro-choice to ever vote for them again . ”
She returned to the subject the next four evenings in a row .
This is how it looks to have a television network pressuring President Obama from the left .
While much attention has been paid to the feud between the Fox News Channel and the White House , the Obama administration is now facing criticism of a different sort from Ms. Maddow , Keith Olbermann and other progressive hosts on MSNBC , who are using their nightly news - and - views - casts to measure what she calls “ the distance between Obama ’s rhetoric and his actions . ”
( CNN ) --
Three runners died Sunday during the Detroit Free Press / Flagstar Marathon in Detroit , Michigan , police told CNN .
An EMT vehicle is at the scene Sunday in Detroit after three runners collapsed at a marathon .
All three deaths occurred between 9 and 9:20 a.m. ET , Second Deputy Chief John Roach said .
A man in his 60s fell and hit his head , Roach said .
The cause of the fall was unknown .
The man was transported to Detroit Receiving Hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
Two other men , ages 36 and 26 , also collapsed during the race and were pronounced dead at the hospital , Roach said .
All three collapsed near the end of the race , he said .
Witnesses describe scene »
The weather at the time was overcast , Roach said , with temperatures in the low 40s .
CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .
David Boaz at Cato@Liberty points out that since late 2008 , the percentage of Americans whose political beliefs could be roughly characterized as " libertarian " ( that is , say yes to both " government is trying to do too many things that should be left to individuals and businesses " and " government should not favor any particular set of values " ) has hit a high of 23 percent .
Matt Welch and Nick Gillespie wrote about the " libertarian moment " in the December 2008 issue of Reason magazine .
If you use the Internet Explorer , Google Chrome or Apple Safari browsers to conduct PayPal transactions , now would be a good time to switch over to the decidedly more secure Firefox alternative .
That 's because a hacker on Monday published a counterfeit secure sockets layer certificate that exploits a gaping hole in a Microsoft library used by all three of those browsers .
Although the certificate is fraudulent , it appears to all three to be a completely legitimate credential vouching for the online payment service .
The bug was disclosed more than nine weeks ago , but Microsoft has yet to fix it .
Monday 's release of the so - called null - prefix certificate for PayPal is a serious blow to online security because it makes it trivial for cybercrooks to defeat one of the web 's oldest and most relied upon defenses against man - in - the - middle attacks .
PayPal and thousands of other financial websites use the certificates to generate a digital signature that mathematically proves login pages are n't forgeries that were set up by con artists who are sitting in between the user and the website he 's trying to view .
The certificate exploits a security hole in a Microsoft application programming interface known as the CryptoAPI , which is used by the IE , Google Chrome and Apple Safari for Windows browsers to parse a website 's SSL certificates .
Even though the certificate is demonstrably forged , it can be used with a previously available hacking tool called SSLSniff to cause all three browsers to display a spoofed page with no warnings , even when its address begins with " https . "
" Use this with SSLSniff and it's game over , " Moxie Marlinspike , a hacker who demonstrated the SSL weakness at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas , Nevada , said of the bogus PayPal cert .
" It 's true that posting this does n't exactly seem prudent and is personally frustrating for me .
Technically , though , it might be more fair to say that Windows users are at risk because of a vulnerability that remains unpatched by Microsoft . "
A PayPal spokeswoman said the company 's information security team is aware of the fraudulent certificate .
" We 're working to see if there are any technical workarounds on the PayPal side which can be put into place , " she said .
The certificate is the latest to target a weakness that causes browsers , email clients , and other SSL - enabled apps to ignore all text following the \ and 0 characters , which are used to denote the end of a string of characters in C - based languages .
Attackers can exploit that weakness by registering a normal SSL certificate for a site under their control and then inserting the domain name and the null character immediately following the name of the site they want to impersonate .
The name on the certificate looked something like the following :
www.paypal.com\0ssl.secureconnection.cc
While the vulnerability was disclosed in July , Microsoft has yet to acknowledge or fix it in the crypto library , which is used by a wide variety of applications .
A spokesman for the software giant said last week that members of its security team are " investigating a possible vulnerability in Windows presented during Black Hat " and " will take appropriate actions to protect customers " once it 's completed .
The take - away from all of this is that if you use IE , Chrome or Safari for Windows to browse SSL - protected parts of PayPal , there 's no way to know if they are genuine - at least until Microsoft gets around to fixing the bug .
And because it 's entirely possible null - prefix certificates for other sites have been issued more quietly , there 's no way to rely on SSL at all for those browsers .
The obvious answer now is for the certificate authority that issued the fraudulent credential to revoke it .
But even then , there 's no way to guarantee the rogue certificate is taken out of circulation because of vulnerabilities in the Online Certificate Status Protocol , which Marlinspike also discussed at Black Hat .
Fortunately , Mozilla developers patched the hole a few days after Marlinspike 's demo and Apple followed suit a few weeks later with Safari for OS X .
That means if you 're on Windows , the only way to protect yourself against this critical vulnerability is to use versions 3.5 or 3.0.13 or later of Firefox .
At least until Microsoft fixes the CryptoAPI , whenever that may be . ®
Beroertezorg
Stella is op een ochtend plotseling extreem duizelig en weet niet meer hoe ze op haar benen moet staan .
Ze heeft een herseninfarct , blijkt niet veel later .
“ Ik ben door het oog van de naald gekropen . ”
Dit is één van de verhalen in de nieuwe editie van ons patiëntenmagazine JIJ .
In het blad wisselen we interviews met patiënten af met ervaringen en verhalen van bezoekers en HMC - zorgprofessionals .
Benieuwd naar deze verhalen over zorg met liefde en lef ?
Lees het magazine digitaal op onze website .
Tags
There is an increasing concern among some commentators that the current , extremely loose monetary policy of the US central bank could fuel another round of asset - price bubbles .
This in turn , it is held , could pose a serious danger to the US economy .
Some commentators , such as John Taylor ( the inventor of the Taylor rule ) , are urging the US central - bank policy makers to start considering a tighter stance as soon as possible , in order to prevent a repetition of the Greenspan Fed 's interest - rate policy , which kept rates at very low levels for too long .
( The Fed lowered its policy rate from 6.5 % in December 2000 to 1 % by June 2003 .
The Fed kept the rate at 1 % until June 2004 ) .
Taylor and others are of the view that the current financial crisis is the outcome of the Greenspan Fed 's very loose monetary stance , which caused gigantic asset - price bubbles .
In contrast to this way of thinking , the former Fed governor and current professor of economics at Columbia University , Frederic Mishkin , holds that the Fed should continue with its loose stance .
Mishkin is known as a close confidant of Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke .
In an article in the Financial Times on November 9 , 2009 , Mishkin argues that not every asset - price bubble is dangerous for the economy .
He classifies bubbles into two categories .
The first and dangerous category is one I call " a credit boom bubble , " in which exuberant expectations about economic prospects or structural changes in financial markets lead to a credit boom .
The resulting increased demand for some assets raises their price and , in turn , encourages further lending against these assets , increasing demand , and hence their prices , even more , creating a positive feedback loop .
This feedback loop involves increasing leverage , further easing of credit standards , then even higher leverage , and the cycle continues .
Eventually , argues Mishkin ,
The bubble bursts and asset prices collapse , leading to a reversal of the feedback loop .
Loans go sour , the deleveraging begins , demand for the assets declines further and prices drop even more .
The resulting loan losses and declines in asset prices erode the balance sheets at financial institutions , further diminishing credit and investment across a broad range of assets .
The resulting deleveraging depresses business and household spending , which weakens economic activity and increases macroeconomic risk in credit markets .
Indeed , this is what the recent crisis has been all about .
For Mishkin it is the first category , the credit - boom bubble , that is dangerous to the economy .
The second category of bubbles , which he labels a " pure irrational exuberance bubble " is
far less dangerous because it does not involve the cycle of leveraging against higher asset values .
Without a credit boom , the bursting of the bubble does not cause the financial system to seize up and so does much less damage .
For example , the bubble in technology stocks in the late 1990s was not fuelled by a feedback loop between bank lending and rising equity values .
Indeed , the bursting of the tech - stock bubble was not accompanied by a marked deterioration in bank balance sheets .
This is one of the key reasons that the bursting of the bubble was followed by a relatively mild recession .
Similarly , the bubble that burst in the stock market in 1987 did not put the financial system under great stress and the economy fared well in its aftermath .
According to Mishkin , since banks are currently curbing their lending , there is no danger of the emergence of a credit - boom bubble in the foreseeable future .
Our problem is not a credit boom , but that the deleveraging process has not fully ended .
Credit markets are still tight and are presenting a serious drag on the economy .
Hence , even if the present loose monetary policy were to produce bubbles there is no need to be concerned , since they belong to the harmless bubble category , argues Mishkin .
From this it follows that the Fed should keep its present easy monetary stance as long as it is required .
Mishkin is of the view that a policy aimed at preventing the second category of bubbles can only damage the economy .
Credit Expansion and Bubbles — What Is the Link ?
According to popular thinking , an asset bubble is a large , above historical average , increase in asset prices .
A price of a thing is the amount of dollars paid for it .
This means that a bubble is a large , above the historical average , payment of dollars for various assets .
As a rule , for this to occur , there must be an increase in the pool of dollars , or the pool of money .
So if one were to accept the popular definition of what a bubble is , one must also accept that without an expansion in the money pool , bubbles cannot emerge .
( Observe that in his article , Mishkin never mentions money supply ) .
Irrespective of their psychological disposition , if the pool of money is not expanding , people 's ability to generate bubbles in various markets is not tenable .
Recall that Mishkin holds that bubbles in the first category — the dangerous bubbles — are set in motion by exuberant expectations about economic prospects or structural changes in financial markets , which trigger a credit boom .
But even if these factors are capable of triggering increases in credit , why must all this produce an expansion in the money supply ?
The increase in the money supply is the key for the emergence of asset bubbles .
For instance , when Joe lends his $ 100 to Bob via his bank , this means that Joe via the intermediary lends his money to Bob .
On the maturity date , Bob transfers the money to the bank , and the bank in turn ( after charging a fee ) transfers the $ 100 plus interest to Joe .
Observe that here we do n't have any increase in the money supply — the existing $ 100 was transferred from Joe to Bob .
Also note that the $ 100 loan by Joe to Bob is fully backed up by $ 100 .
Things are however quite different when Joe keeps the $ 100 in the bank warehouse or demand deposit .
Now , by keeping the money in a demand deposit , Joe is ready to employ the $ 100 in an exchange at any time he deems it is necessary .
If the bank lends Bob $ 50 by taking it from Joe 's deposit , the bank has now created $ 50 of unbacked credit , i.e. , credit " out of thin air . "
There is now $ 150 in demand deposits backed by $ 100 .
By lending $ 50 to Bob , the bank creates $ 50 of demand deposit .
In this sense , the lending here is without a lender as such .
The intermediary , i.e. , the bank , has created a mirage transaction without any proper lender .
On the maturity date , once the money is repaid to the bank , this type of money disappears .
The amount of money will revert back to $ 100 .
Hence an increase in the credit created out of thin air , all other things being equal , gives rise to the expansion in money supply .
A fall in the credit created out of thin air , all other things being equal , results in the contraction of the money supply .
What then matters for asset price bubbles is the expansion in credit out of thin air .
It is this type of credit that boosts the money - supply rate of growth and hence fuels asset - price bubbles .
Again , an increase in normal credit ( i.e. , credit that has an original lender ) does n't alter the money supply and hence has nothing to do with asset - price bubbles .
( When Bob lends $ 100 to Joe , what we have here is an increase in lending and a transfer of an existing $ 100 from lender to borrower — and no change in the money supply ) .
The Fed 's Monetary Policies and Asset - Price Bubbles
It must be realized that without the support from the Fed pumping money , banks will find it difficult to expand the credit out of thin air .
For instance , a farmer Joe sells his saved 1 kg of seeds for $ 100 .
He then deposits this $ 100 with Bank A. Observe that Joe is exercising his demand for money by holding his money in the demand deposits of Bank A . ( Joe could also have exercised his demand for money by holding the money at home in a jar , or keeping it under the mattress ) .
Whenever a bank takes a portion of Joe 's deposited money and lends it out , it sets in motion serious trouble .
Let us say that Bank A lends $ 50 to Bob by taking $ 50 out of Joe 's deposit .
Remember that Joe still exercises his demand for $ 100 .
What we have here is $ 150 that are backed by $ 100 .
" In the extreme case , if there is only one bank it can practice fractional - reserve banking without any fear of being ' caught ' . "
Now , Joe demands money not to hold it as such but to use it as the medium of exchange .
So let us say that Joe decides to use his $ 100 to buy goods from Sam , who banks with Bank B .
On the following day , Bank B will present the check on $ 100 to Bank A .
In short , $ 100 is shifted from Bank A to Bank B . ( No more money is now left at Bank A ) .
Let us say that Bob , who borrowed $ 50 from bank A , also buys goods from Sam ( remember that Sam keeps his money with Bank B ) .
This , however , will pose a problem to Bank A since it does n't have the $ 50 to pay Bank B once the check on $ 50 written against Bank A is presented by Bank B .
This means that Bank A is " caught " here , so to speak .
As the number of banks rises and the number of clients per bank declines , the chances that clients will spend money on the goods of individuals that are banking with other banks will increase .
This in turn increases the risk of a bank not being able to clear its checks once this bank practices fractional - reserve banking — i.e. , lends fictitious claims or money out of thin air .
Conversely , as the number of competitive banks diminishes , that is , as the number of clients per bank rises , the likelihood of being " caught " practicing fractional - reserve banking diminishes .
In the extreme case , if there is only one bank it can practice fractional - reserve banking without any fear of being " caught " since it will always clear its own checks .
Thus Sam , who sold goods to Bob , will deposit the check with bank A .
All that will happen now is that the ownership of the deposit will be transferred from Bob to Sam .
If Joe decides to spend his $ 100 on goods from Tom , then again we will have here a transfer of the ownership of the deposit .
We can thus conclude that in a free banking environment with many competitive banks , if a particular bank tries to expand credit by practicing fractional - reserve banking , it runs the risk of being " caught . "
So it is quite likely that in a free - market economy the threat of bankruptcy will bring to a minimum the practice of fractional - reserve banking .
From what was said so far , we can suggest that in a free - market economy the practice of fractional - reserve banking would tend to be minimal .
This is , however , not so in the case of the existence of a central bank .
By means of monetary policy , which is also termed the reserve management of the banking system , the central bank permits the existence of fractional - reserve banking and thus the creation of money out of thin air .
If bank A is short $ 50 , it can sell some of its assets to the central bank for cash , thereby preventing being " caught . "
Bank A can also secure the $ 50 by borrowing it from the central bank .
Where does the central bank get the money ?
It actually generates it out of thin air .
The modern banking system can be seen as one huge monopoly bank , which is guided and coordinated by the central bank .
Banks in this framework can be regarded as the branches of the central bank .
As we have seen , one monopoly bank can practice fractional - reserve banking without running the risk of being " caught . "
Through ongoing monetary management , i.e. , monetary pumping , the central bank makes sure that all the banks engage jointly in the expansion of credit out of thin air .
The joint expansion in turn guarantees that checks presented for redemption by banks to each other are netted out .
By means of monetary injections , the central bank makes sure that the banking system is " liquid enough " so banks will not bankrupt each other .
" So it is quite likely that in a free - market economy the threat of bankruptcy will bring to a minimum the practice of fractional - reserve banking . "
Hence without the support from the Fed 's pumping , the commercial banks ' creation of money out of thin air would be barely noticeable .
Pay attention that without the Fed 's pumping , the so - called exuberant expectations or mysterious structural changes in financial markets could n't produce an expansion of the money supply and thus set in motion asset bubbles as Mishkin suggests .
Once it is realized that the key source for asset bubbles is the monetary pumping of the Fed ( i.e. , central bank ) it becomes clear that there is no need to categorize various bubbles .
What matters is the fact that the Fed 's loose monetary policy gives rise to various nonproductive ( bubble ) activities that undermine the process of real - wealth formation , thereby impoverishing the economy .
The reversal of the Fed 's pace of money pumping sets in motion the bursting of bubble activities .
Bubbles and the Fed's Policies — Historical Evidence
Both the plunge in technology stocks from February 2000 to September 2002 and the October 1987 stock market crash were set in motion by the boom–bust policies of the Fed .
By the end of September 2002 , the NASDAQ composite stock - price index closed at 1,172.06 — a fall of 75 % from the high of 4,696.69 reached at the end of February 2000 .
What set this collapse in motion was a sharp fall in the growth momentum of the Fed 's monetary pumping .
Year - on - year , the rate of growth of the Fed 's balance sheet fell from 16.9 % in December 1999 ( Y2 K pumping ) to −3 % by December 2000 .
In response to this , the yearly rate of growth of our monetary measure AMS fell from 6.7 % in January 2000 to − 1 % by December 2000 .
Also note that the yearly rate of growth of commercial - bank lending fell from 13.1 % in September 2000 to 1.5 % by December 2001 .
( Given the sharp decline in the growth momentum of commercial - bank lending , it is quite likely that the growth momentum of commercial - bank lending out of thin air had also fallen ) .
The yearly rate of growth of our measure of monetary liquidity fell from − 1.1 % in January 2000 to − 5.3 % by December 2000 .
As a result of the plunge in the pace of monetary pumping , the yearly rate of growth of industrial production fell from 5.5 % in June 2000 to − 5.7 % by November 2001 .
Also , in the October 1987 stock - market crash , the Fed 's monetary policy played a key role .
By the end of October 1987 the S&P500 closed at 251.79 — a fall of 23.7 % from the end of August 1987 .
What set in motion this plunge was the sharp fall in the yearly rate of growth of Fed 's balance sheet from 17 % in April 1987 to 7.5 % by September of that year .
In response to this , the yearly rate of growth of our monetary measure AMS fell from 17.2 % in January 1987 to 10.5 % by September .
( Our measure of liquidity plunged from 15.1 % in January to − 0.3 % in September ) .
As a result of the decline in the Fed 's monetary pumping , the yearly rate of growth of industrial production fell from 7.7 % in November 1987 to − 0.3 % by October 1989 .
At present we are observing a repetition of the past boom–bust policies of the Fed .
Thus the yearly rate of growth of the Fed 's balance sheet jumped from 1.5 % in February 2008 to almost 153 % by December of last year .
Afterwards , the yearly rate of growth has been in steep decline , closing at 0.3 % by mid-November this year .
It seems that notwithstanding pronouncements by various Fed officials that the US central bank will keep its easy stance intact , the Fed in fact has already drastically reduced the pace of monetary pumping .
As a result of the wild fluctuations in the pace of money pumping by the Fed , the yearly rate of growth of AMS jumped from 0.8 % in January last year to 33.1 % by November of 2008 .
In early November 2009 the yearly rate of growth of AMS stood at − 9.1 % against − 6.2 % in October .
In short , the Fed has already set in motion another economic bust .
Now after settling at 2.5 % in January 2006 the yearly rate of growth of industrial production fell to − 13.3 % in June 2009 .
We have seen that in the 2000 – 2001 recession the yearly rate of growth of production fell from 5.5 % in June 2000 to − 5.7 % in November 2001 .
Furthermore , from November 1987 to October 1989 , the slump in industrial production was even less severe .
Recall that Mishkin is of the view that the much more severe , current economic slump is a result of the collapse in bank lending .
We suggest that the main reason for the present , more - severe slump is not a fall in lending but the damage inflicted to the pool of real savings by past and current monetary and fiscal policies .
A fall in bank lending only reflects the precarious state of the pool of real savings .
This fall , however , is not responsible for the economic slump .
As a result of the past and present loose monetary and fiscal policies , the process of real - wealth formation has likely been severely damaged .
( Note that loose monetary and fiscal policies provide support for nonproductive activities by diverting real savings from wealth - generating activities ) .
Conclusion
In his Financial Times article , the former Fed governor Mishkin argues that the possible emergence of asset - price bubbles on account of loose Fed policies should n't be feared .
He argues that only bubbles that originate from credit expansion pose a danger to the economy .
Since banks are currently curbing the expansion of credit , bubbles that emanate from loose monetary policy by itself are not harmful , argues Mishkin .
On the contrary , maintains Mishkin , in the present , still - subdued economic climate , the Fed must keep its loose - money stance in place for a prolonged time .
According to Mishkin , a policy that will try to counter the emergence of bubbles whilst banks are cutting their lending can only damage the economy .
We suggest that what matters here are the Fed 's boom–bust policies and not bubbles that emanate from credit expansion .
It is the Fed 's loose monetary policy that gives rise to various nonproductive bubble activities , while the reversal of the Fed 's policy undermines these activities and sets in motion an economic bust .
This means that it is not bubbles as such that pose a threat to the economy but the boom–bust monetary policies of the central bank .
Note that bubbles are just the manifestation of loose monetary policies .
So we are in perfect agreement with Mishkin , although for radically different reasons , when he says , rather unwittingly in our view ,
I remember MSN having the same old theme for there website portal since my very childhood , and if I am not wrong it ’s like more than 10 years that we have been seeing the same old theme .
Recently MSN has decided to go for a change and adapt a new theme , according to the officials the new theme will include fewer link , and dedicated column for the social networking websites like twitter and facebook .
According to a Microsoft spokesperson the MSN home page receives 600 million customers worldwide every month , nearly 100 million in the U.S. alone .
The new home page has 50 percent fewer links , and is focused on providing access to the information and services people care about most .
The new website theme will carry links in to five major categories news , entertainment , sports , money and life style .
MSN would be outsourcing the content from MSNBC and Fox sports .
“ More than half of people online start their sessions on sites like MSN and they told us they want simplicity – yet still want the latest information and their favorite services delivered together , ” said Lisa Gurry , senior director at MSN .
The main objective of the new theme would be to generate more traffic to its
Bing search engine , which was launched as a competitor to Google .
MSN logo has also been redrawn to more closely resemble that of Bing .
I am not sure about this new theme helping Bing grabbing some of the Google traffic ; however , I am sure that this would be a healthy change for the MSN users .
MSN users would be able to see the new look in 2010 .
Preview New Theme
Australian bio -tech giant CSL has posted a 63 per cent rise in full - year profit to $ 1.15 billion .
Foreign exchange movements helped the company 's bottom line , as well as the savings made from its failed bid for US plasma company Talecris .
CSL 's chief executive , Brian McNamee , says the company could make about $ 300 million from sales of the swine flu vaccine this financial year .
" We have a significant contract with the Australian government and others , so I think heading towards 300's a reasonable estimate , I mean we still have to make it , we still have to get the yields , there 's some technical matters here , but I think that 's not an unreasonable ball park , " he said .
However , CSL says it does not have the capacity to take on any more orders for the swine flu vaccine this year .
The company has a vaccine contract worth almost $ 220 million with the US Government , along with contracts for other countries including Australia .
Brian McNamee says the company has made boosting its production of the vaccine a high priority , but it is struggling .
" We 're maxed out currently , unless we get a yield improvement , we 're working diligently , we 're trying to cheer on the eggs to make them sort of , to get the yields up , but they 're a bit stuck at the moment , " he said .
The company will pay a final dividend of 40 cents a share .
Its shares were down 1.3 per cent to $ 33.12 at 1:10 pm ( AEST ) .
Sony has recently filed a trademark for a program dubbed , “ P.S. Thanks “ .
Aside from the obscure title , not much was known about this program .
The description stated that it was ,
“ [ An ] incentive rewards program geared toward quantifying , identifying and motivating top consumer base with the goal of promotion and sale of video game hardware and software . ”
It definitely sounds like an interesting concept .
Just like the PlayStation Underground program and , more exclusively , the Game Advisory Panel , Sony may use P.S.
Thanks as a program where they will reward active members within the PlayStation community .
Sony has commented on the finding of P.S.
Thanks .
“ We have a long history of creating unique loyalty programs such as PlayStation Underground , which started with the original PlayStation and has evolved into the Gamer Advisory Panel .
We continue to look for ways to expand this program and we are evaluating new naming conventions for this evolution , which is why we filed a trademark for PlayStation Thanks . ”
[ Source ]
Home Relations of Language and Thought : The View from Sign Language and Deaf Children Relations of Language and Thought : The View from Sign Language and Deaf Children provides an interesting angle on the Sapir - Whorf hypothesis that we periodically discuss on LtU .
A small sample from Google Books is available .
... Hypothesis concerning language and thought ... : Language equals thought .
Perhaps the simplest view of language and thought is that they are essentially the same thing .
This position is most frequently ascribed to American behaviorists , and especially to John Watson , who argued that thought is just subvocal speech .
.
Perhaps the simplest view of language and thought is that they are essentially the same thing .
This position is most frequently ascribed to American behaviorists , and especially to John Watson , who argued that thought is just subvocal speech .
Language and thought are independent .
This view , most often attributed to theorists like Noam Chomsky and Jerry Fodor , suggests that the development of language and the development of cognition are distinct , dependending on different underlying processes and experiences .
.
This view , most often attributed to theorists like Noam Chomsky and Jerry Fodor , suggests that the development of language and the development of cognition are distinct , dependending on different underlying processes and experiences .
Language determines thought .
In the form usually identified with the linguistic determinism and linguistic relativity theories of Sapir and Whorf , this perspective directly entails a correlation between language skill and cognitive skill .
One implication of this view is that individuals who have " inferior " ( or superlative ) language are expected to have " inferior " ( or superlative ) thought .
Implicitly or explicitly , such a perspective has been used as a rationale for an emphasis on spoken language for deaf children by those who have seen sign language as little more than a set of pragmatic gestures .
... The more interesting question ... is whether growing up with exposure to a signed language affects cognition in a way different from growing up with a spoken language .
Indeed , that is one of the fundamental questions of this volume .
While we fully agree ... that any strong form of the Sapir - Whorf position appears untenable , it also seems clear that language can affect and guide cognition in a variety of ways .
Much of what a child knows about the world , from religion to the habitats of penguins , is acquired through language .
Sign language is an obvious candidate for linguistic study , since the mode is visual as opposed to oral / aural .
The summary of one of the authors is telling :
The conclusion that American Sign Language ( ASL ) is an independent , noncontrived , fully grammatical human language comparable to any spoken language has been supported by over 30 years of research .
Recent research has shown that ASL displays principles of organization remarkably like those for spoken languages , at discourse , semantic , syntactic , morphological , and even phonological levels .
Furthermore , it is acquired , processed , and even breaks down in ways analogous to those found for spoken languages .
The similarities between signed and spoken languages are strong enough to make the differences worth investigating .
In the third section of this chapter , I will argue that although there are differences in detail , the similarities are strong enough to conclude that essentially the same language mechanism underlies languages in either modality .
On a programming language level , I can't help but think that sign language offers valuable clues into the nature of visual PLs ( though I have n't quite nailed down any specifics ) .
ASL on Wikipedia informs us that signs can be broken down into three categories : Transparent : Non-signers can usually correctly guess the meaning
: Non-signers can usually correctly guess the meaning Translucent :
Meaning makes sense to non-signers once it is explained
: Meaning makes sense to non-signers once it is explained Opaque : Meaning cannot be guessed by non-signers
With the majority of signs being opaque .
As much as those who design visual languages would like them to be intuitive - falling into the Transparent and Translucent category - I figure you still have to end up using many signs that are only meaningful internally to the language at hand .
With the majority of signs being opaque .
As much as those who design visual languages would like them to be intuitive - falling into the Transparent and Translucent category - I figure you still have to end up using many signs that are only meaningful internally to the language at hand .
On a personal level , I have recently been attempting to delve into ASL .
I 've almost got the alphabet and numbers down , and have a vocabulary of about 100 additional signs - which probably means that I 'm at the proficiency level of somewhere between ankle biter and sesame street .
I do find it to be a fascinating language .
I noticed when I was looking at the course offerings for college ( my son started university this year ) that ASL is now offered for foreign language credit ( wish it had been offered when I was a student all those years ago ) .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
In TransOhio ’s October 2009 , newsletter the organization has created a guide for the new laws on changing one ’s gender marker in Ohio .
The following answers FAQ and breaks down exactly what to do .
How this process works :
Transgender Ohioans need to phone the main office of the Ohio BMV ( located in Columbus ) to request the Declaration of Gender Change form .
The main office number is 614-752-7500 .
This form is not yet available online , and will not be until it is officially assigned a form identification number by the Ohio BMV .
The Declaration of Gender Change form will be mailed to the requester .
Licensed physicians , psychologists and therapists are the only one ’s allowed to sign this form .
To be qualified , the medical professional must attest that the transition is being conducted in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the World Professional Association for Transgender Health ’s Standards of Care , also known as the Henry Benjamin Standards of Care .
The individual requesting the gender marker change will need to have their physician , psychologist or therapist complete and sign the Declaration of Gender Change form .
Completed forms should be mailed or faxed to :
Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles
Attn : License Control
P.O. Box 16784
Columbus , Ohio 43216-6784
Phone : 1-614-752-7500
Fax : 1-614-752-7987
Do n’t forget to make a copy of the paperwork for your records .
Turn - around and processing time is seven to 10 business days .
The Ohio BMV will notify the applicant in writing that their information has been changed .
The individual will then be able to take that written notification to their local BMV office to get their new license issued .
The old license must be surrendered .
BMV fees do apply to the issuance of your new Ohio Driver ’s License or state - issued ID card .
There are a few additional points of information on the “ Declaration of Gender Change ” form that we feel are important to point out that if gender identification is marked as transitional , a new form must be submitted for each driver ’s license / ID renewal until gender identification is complete .
If the form is not submitted at renewal , the gender marker will revert back to the original gender .
Each individual is limited to changing their gender back to the original gender on their driver ’s license or ID card one time .
Frequently Asked Questions
Q : I reside in Ohio , but my doctors and therapist are out of state .
Can they sign the “ Declaration of Gender Change ” form ?
A : Yes .
Any licensed physician / psychologist / therapist is qualified to sign the “ Declaration of Gender Change ” form as long as they are in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the World Professional Association for Transgender Health ’s Standards of Care .
Q : Does my physician / psychologist / therapist need to be a member of WPATH ?
A : No .
Any licensed physician / psychologist / therapist is qualified to sign the “ Declaration of Gender Change ” form as long as they are in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the World Professional Association for Transgender Health ’s Standards of Care .
Membership to WPATH is NOT a requirement for your physician / psychologist / therapist .
Q : Do I need to have any surgery to have my gender marker change on my Ohio driver ’s license ?
A : No .
The Ohio BMV no longer requires a letter from your surgeon stating you ’ve had SRS .
Q : Is my information public information ?
A : No .
All records of the Ohio Department of Public Safety or Bureau of Motor Vehicles relating to the physical or mental
condition of any person are confidential and are not open to public record .
Q : Can my gender marker be changed if I have n’t had a court ordered name change yet ?
A : Yes .
You can change your gender marker even if your name has not been changed .
** Note : TransOhio does recommend making sure that if you ’ve not had your name changed through the Probate Court , that you do so as soon as you ’re able to , so that your name and gender reflect correctly on your new driver ’s license .
Q : I heard that there is a new format for Ohio driver ’s license .
Are driver ’s licenses being issued with a pink background for women , and a blue background for men ?
A : There is a new format for the Ohio driver ’s license .
The background color is pink for all driver ’s licenses .
Additional questions about the Declaration of Gender Change form ?
Call TransOhio at 614-441-8167 .
Could nuclear power plants last as long as the Hoover Dam ?
Increasingly dependable and emitting few greenhouse gases , the U.S. fleet of nuclear power plants will likely run for another 50 or even 70 years before it is retired -- long past the 40 - year life span planned decades ago -- according to industry executives , regulators and scientists .
With nuclear providing always - on electricity that will become more cost - effective if a price is placed on heat - trapping carbon dioxide emissions , utilities have found it is now viable to replace turbines or lids that have been worn down by radiation exposure or wear .
Many engineers are convinced that nearly any plant parts , most of which were not designed to be replaced , can be swapped out .
" We think we can replace almost every component in a nuclear power plant , " said Jan van der Lee , director of the Materials Ageing Institute ( MAI ) , a nuclear research facility inaugurated this week in France and run by the state - owned nuclear giant EDF .
" We do n't want to wait until something breaks , " he said .
By identifying components that are wearing down and replacing them , he said , suddenly nuclear plants will find that " technically , there is no age limit . "
Indeed , as U.S. regulators begin considering the extended operations of nuclear plants -- the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) expects the first application for an 80 - year license could come within five years or less -- perhaps the largest lingering question is one of basic science :
How do heavy doses of radiation , over generations , fundamentally alter materials like steel and concrete ?
" It 's taken many years for us to understand the problem , " said Gary Was , the director of the University of Michigan 's Phoenix Energy Institute and an expert in aging materials .
" Thirty years ago , we did n't have techniques to see these changes . "
Until recently , such research has not been a priority .
But within the past few years , the Department of Energy began a program looking at " long - term operations , " as it is known in the industry .
And provisions in the Senate 's climate bill call for DOE to increase these investigations in the hope of extending plant lives " substantially beyond the first license extension period . "
DOE collaborates in this research with France 's MAI and the U.S. - based Electric Power Research Institute ( EPRI ) , a nonprofit funded by many nuclear utilities .
U.S. leadership in the field is natural , given the sheer age of America 's reactors , many of which are already coming close to exceeding their intended operating lives .
The oldest commercial plants in the United States reached their 40th anniversary this year , and the average plant has operated for 30 years .
Already , more than half of the nation 's more than 100 reactors have seen their initial licenses extended for an additional two decades .
Nearly all the country 's plants are expected to eventually win such extensions .
As companies have encountered few hurdles toward ensuring 60 years of operation , according to one 2007 survey , a majority of executives say that it is very likely their plants will operate for 80 years or longer .
It is a fairly natural progression , according to Was .
" If they last till 60 , maybe they can last to 80 , " Was said .
" Heck , maybe 100 ? "
Many believe that these extended life spans -- longer than almost any coal - fired plant and rivaling hydroelectric projects like the Hoover Dam -- are a necessity at a time when the vast majority of the United States ' energy is generated from carbon - intensive fossil fuels .
Nuclear power supplies some 20 percent of the nation 's electricity .
Without the recent extensions , the electricity market would have faced a severe shortage of supply that would have been " nothing short of catastrophic " and resulted in more coal - or gas - fired power plants being built and increased greenhouse gas emissions , Was said .
" Without relicensing , we go off a cliff five years from now , " Was said .
While much debate in Washington focuses on the construction of new nuclear power plants , these plants will only replace the electricity produced by existing facilities unless further extensions are sought , according to Ronald Szilard , the technical director of DOE 's Light - Water Reactor Sustainability Program at Idaho National Laboratory .
" The focus right now is very intense on building new nuclear power plants , because we have come to realization that [ reducing ] greenhouse gas emissions in the future cannot be achieved without pushing nuclear further , " he said .
" Both existing and new plants will have to contribute . "
The original 40 - year licensing period for power plants in the United States was never a question of the technical life of the plant , added John Gaertner , the lead technical manager on EPRI 's long - term operations project .
" The engineers did n't throw up their hands and say , ' That 's the lifetime I can get out of these things , ' " he said .
" It was n't a technical reason . "
Engineers have learned much about how to operate plants , reducing the time reactors remain offline during routine operations .
And , while it varies on a case - by - case basis , the " assumption is generally correct that it is getting more cost - effective " to replace plant parts , said Scott Brooks , a spokesman for the Tennessee Valley Authority , which operates several nuclear sites .
" With 30 years of operating experience , we feel we can reassess a lot of the original assumptions " involved in running plants , Gaertner said .
Cracks kill
It has been nearly 70 years since the world 's first artificial fission reaction , created by Enrico Fermi and collaborators beneath abandoned athletic - field stands at the University of Chicago .
In that time , scientists have come to understand much about how neutrons -- the uncharged particles that provide ballast to the atom 's nucleus -- alter the composition of materials .
Neutrons are effectively the trigger for nuclear power .
Each time uranium splits in a nuclear reactor , neutrons are shot out at high energies .
These neutrons in turn cause more uranium splits , resulting in a self - sustaining reaction .
But while causing these divides , the neutrons also relentlessly pummel the steel and other metals that enfold the nuclear reactor , known as the pressure vessel .
" From a physicist 's standpoint , [ neutrons ] are like bowling balls , " Gaertner said .
" There are millions of millions of millions of impacts per year .
At some point , it begins to impact the reactor vessel , " he added .
After some time , decades or more , the radiation causes changes to the microstructure of metals , Was said .
The relentless bombardment creates minute flaws , such as dislocation loops or precipitates , that " tend to harden the material , " Was said .
" When it gets hard , the trade - off is ductability -- the ability to transform . "
As metals lose this plasticity , they lose the ability to give way , turning brittle and becoming a breeding ground for cracks and fissures .
And when it comes to nuclear power plants , cracks kill .
" Cracking , the failure of the pressure vessel , has always been one of the major issues that can limit the life of the plant , " Was said .
" If you can't demonstrate its integrity , you 're dead in the water in terms of life extensions . "
In ways not yet understood , the corrosion that eventually accompanies the pristine water used in nuclear reactors interacts with and exacerbates incipient breaks in metal alloys .
Such cracks are among the primary concerns of NRC when considering the future of U.S. reactors , according to Scott Burnell , an agency spokesman .
This cracking , which can affect core components down to baffle bolts , has been studied for 30 years and has still defied explanation , scientists say .
In the meantime , it has cost the U.S. nuclear industry some $ 10 billion due to forced outages , increased inspection requirements , component replacements and increased regulatory scrutiny , according to EPRI .
Getting a handle on age - induced cracking will be one of the principal missions of nuclear scientists and engineers over the next decade , as U.S. regulators are expected to become much more stringent for extensions to 80 years , requiring models that will predict when cracks will occur , Gaertner said .
Since it is hardly time - effective to reproduce 60 years of natural neutron exposure , scientists instead use test reactors to expose steel and other alloys -- up to 25 varieties of metals can be found in reactor systems -- to higher energy radiation that simulates the plant 's conditions .
Once the simulations are complete , high - powered imaging is applied to the metals .
For this reason , France 's MAI has one of the world 's most powerful electron microscopes .
Such imaging and vast increases in computing power now allow scientists to reconstruct the millions of individual atoms boiled off the surface of a metal into something similar to a photograph .
The resolutions achieved allow unprecedented insights into cracking metals , Was said .
" We have a better understanding of how they form and why they form , " Was said .
" Once we know that , we can use that knowledge to predict into future how hardening will occur and what potential risks are . "
Unanswered questions
There are also risks that could be wholly unanticipated , or other materials to investigate , such as the long - term effect of radiation on concrete , which is poorly understood , DOE 's Szilard said .
" We 'll be looking for mechanisms that have perhaps not manifested itself up to now , " he said .
The industry has become skilled at replacing even large , expensive components like reactor heads and steam turbines -- in overhauls that can cost several hundred million dollars .
Once flaws are identified , nearly any structural problem can be solved .
" Today , virtually every component in a reactor plant has been replaced at one point , " said Tiffany Edwards , a DOE spokeswoman .
" The exceptions are the reactor pressure vessel and the concrete [ containment ] structures .
However , even those could be considered . "
The pressure vessel remains the largest challenge for scientists as they try to determine which types of vessel might not make it to 80 years .
If underlying flaws are found , there is the possibility that a metallurgical technique called annealing , employed in the past on nuclear reactors in Russia but never in the United States , could be used .
Put simply , annealing requires heating the metal of the pressure vessel to remove the damage created by radiation , possibly restoring it close to its original condition .
" It 's a very big job and very challenging , " Was said .
" There are questions of how quick the damage will come back , " he said .
" Not all of these questions have been answered , but there 's encouragement that even the pressure vessel could be replaced . "
The United States has been well served by the caution of engineers who built the country 's first generations of nuclear power plants , as seen in the ability of its plants to seamlessly cross the 40 - year mark , MAI 's Lee said .
" We know that with the margins that have been taken into account , they were so much over - designed that it is no problem to go beyond 40 years , " Lee said .
While ultimately the decision of when to extend the lives of nuclear power plants will come down to utilities , Gaertner expects that those decisions will not be held back by structural problems .
" We feel pretty confident that there are technical solutions to all the issues , " he said , " and that the cost will probably be worth it . "
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
The deficit hawk crew , famous for missing the $ 8tn housing bubble that wrecked the economy , is now on the warpath , pressing the case for a big , new , national sales tax .
They claim that the United States badly needs additional revenue to address projected budget shortfalls .
While we may need additional revenue at some point , it makes far more sense to impose a financial transactions tax , which would primarily hit the Wall Street banks that gave us this disaster , than to tax the consumption of ordinary working families .
We can raise large amounts of money by taxing the speculation of the Wall Street high - flyers while barely affecting the sort of financial dealings that most of us do in our daily lives .
The logic of a financial transactions tax is simple .
It would impose a modest fee on trades of stocks , futures , credit default swaps and other financial instruments .
For example , the UK puts a 0.25 % tax on the sale or purchase of shares of stock .
This has very little impact on people who buy stock with the intent of holding it for a long period of time .
For example , if someone buys $ 10,000 of stock , they will pay $ 25 in tax at the time of purchase .
If they sell the stock 10 years later for $ 20,000 , they will have to pay $ 50 in tax .
The total tax would be equivalent to an increase of 0.8 percentage points in the capital gains tax .
By contrast , if someone is interested in buying stock at 1.00 pm to sell at 2.00 pm , this tax is likely to take a bit hit out of their expected profits .
The same applies people who are speculating in futures , credit default swaps and other financial instruments .
We can raise more than $ 140bn a year taxing financial transactions , an amount equal to 1 % of GDP .
Before we look to impose a national sales tax , or value - added tax , as the deficit hawk crew would like , we should insist that we first put in place a set of financial transactions taxes .
A national sales tax will primarily hit the consumption of ordinary workers .
People will pay for it in all of their everyday purchases .
Food , clothing , medicine – everything will cost a bit more as a result of a sales tax .
Poor and middle - class people will end up paying a larger share of their income in this tax .
This is both because they spend a larger share of their income than the wealthy and also because they spend a larger share in the United States .
While the wealthy may have the opportunity to travel extensively in Europe or in countries not affected by the national sales tax , few low - or middle - income people will have this option .
Since the financial sector is the source of the country 's current economic and budget problems it also makes sense to have this sector bear the brunt of any new taxes that may be needed .
The economic collapse caused by Wall Street 's irrational exuberance has led to a huge increase in the country debt burden .
It seems only fair that Wall Street bear the brunt of the clean - up costs .
A financial transactions tax is the way to make sure that this happens .
In short , we have to tell the deficit hawk crew , many of whom earned their fortune on Wall Street , to slow down .
The country does face serious budget problems , even if they may not be as bad as this crew claims .
However , if we need taxes to address a budget shortfall , then Wall Street is the place to start .
After we have put in place a tax on Wall Street speculation , if we still need additional money , we can talk about a tax that will primarily affect the middle class .
Photo by Denny Renshaw
It has now been more than four years since Sufjan Stevens released Illinois , the second album in his proposed 50 States project .
Sufjan had claimed that he was going to release an album in honor of every one of our United States .
But at this rate , unless he picked up the pace drastically , he was n't likely to ever finish the project , unless he lived to be about 200 .
In a recent interview with Paste , Stevens admits that the entire ambitious concept was " such a joke . "
Stevens told Paste , " The whole premise was such a joke , and I think maybe I took it too seriously .
I started to feel like I was becoming a clichĂŠ of myself . "
In that same interview , Stevens talks about how his focus turned toward his recent multimedia project The BQE , which consumed his attention after Illinois : " In all honesty , [ The BQE ] is what really sabotaged my creative momentum .
It was n't Illinois so much .
I suffered sort of an existential creative crisis after that piece .
I no longer knew what a song was and how to write an album .
It overextended me in a way that I could n't find my way back to the song . "
Elsewhere in the interview , Stevens expresses what sounds like a total lack of interest in the album as an art form : " I 'm wondering , why do people make albums anymore when we just download ?
Why are songs like three or four minutes , and why are records 40 minutes long ?
They 're based on the record , vinyl , the CD , and these forms are antiquated now .
So ca n't an album be eternity , or can't it be five minutes ?
... I no longer really have faith in the album anymore .
I no longer have faith in the song . "
Looks like it might be a while before we hear any albums from Sufjan Stevens , let alone any albums in the 50 States project .
Three years ago , the Haggler ’s credit card bill seemed to stop showing up in the mail .
Another month went by  no bill .
The month after that , still nothing .
Each month , the Haggler would call the issuer , Bank of America , and pay over the phone , then ask the same question : " Why did you stop sending me a bill ? "
We ’re still sending you a bill , came the company ’s reply each time .
Guess what ?
The company was right .
It just was sending the bill in a restyled envelope , with no trace of “ Bank of America . "
In other words , it looked like junk mail , and the Haggler kept throwing it away .
Now , the Haggler ca n’t prove it , but this seemed like a brilliant , low - cost way to pocket a fortune in late fees .
“ We are not trying to fool people , and we do n’t change our envelopes on a regular basis , ” said Anne Pace , a company spokeswoman .
She explained that the change in envelope design was prompted by the 2006 acquisition of several credit card companies , after which the envelopes of all customers were left blank “ for the sake of consistency . ”
This Machine is a must for anybody that has to make a large number of hushpuppies .
Not only is it faster it makes it safer .
There is no direct contact with the grease .
All you have to do is turn the handle and hush puppies spit out like nobodies business .
( You might even call it a hushpuppy Gatlin - Gun )
Call 256-497-3739 or 256-232-8631 to order your hushpuppy machine today !
Just ask for Johnny or Jerry .
Or write to us at : Hushpuppy King 22245 East Yorkshire Dr Athens , Alabama 35613
Orb spiders of the genus Cyclosa have a flair for home decor .
They adorn their webs with prey remains or egg sacs wrapped in silk , positioning those packets in a vertical line above and below their own central waiting place .
But the ornaments are no product of feng shui .
In fact , a new study shows , they ’re decoys — and the orb spider is thus the first animal proven to build body doubles for fooling predators .
Studying C. mulmeinensis in Taiwan , on a tropical island off the coast , Ling Tseng and her graduate adviser at the time , I - Min Tso of Tunghai University in Taichung City , confirmed that the decorations match the web owner ’s body in size and color .
Then they set up video cameras in front of webs to record the behavior of wasps , the spiders ’ main predators .
The biologists found that wasps were twice as likely to attack webs with at least two packets as to attack webs with one or fewer — the ornamentation being rather conspicuous .
Yet on the well - festooned webs , wasps tended to attack the decoys rather than the spider , and spiders there suffered only 40 percent as many bodily attacks as did spiders on plain webs .
The odds indicate that building decoys gives spiders only a slight advantage — but Tseng and Tso assert it ’s enough for natural selection to maintain the behavior .
The research was detailed in the journal Animal Behaviour .
This article was provided to LiveScience by Natural History Magazine .
Has America 's Federal Reserve become the single greatest obstacle to global economic recovery ?
Central bankers around the world are increasingly asking this question as the American greenback continues its Fed - inspired decline and damages the export - driven growth of countries from Latin America and Asia to Europe .
Historically , the Fed has responded to economic downturns by cutting interest rates to stimulate domestic business investment and consumer purchases of " big- ticket " items , like automobiles and housing , that are sensitive to the cost of loans .
However , in the current crisis , this traditional formula is simply not working .
It 's not working in part because the Fed 's " solution " has been a concentrated dose of the problem .
After years of promoting the easy money and loose credit that fueled asset bubbles , it has responded with even easier money and even looser credit .
It 's like fighting fire with gasoline .
American consumers are not responding to the Fed 's liquidity surge because high employment , high oil prices , bottoming home prices , and stagnant wage growth have squeezed their purchasing power .
Business investment has likewise failed to fill the recessionary gap because much of the investment US corporations used to make on American soil is increasingly being sent off shore .
Despite this lack of responsiveness , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke continues to throw monetary stimulus at the problem – and thereby has created an international dollar crisis now threatening the global recovery .
The declining dollar story is one of weakening demand for , and a massive oversupply of , the greenback .
It is a sad and sordid tale scripted almost entirely by the Fed .
During the worst months of the global financial crisis , investors flocked to the dollar as a haven amid the storm .
But since March 2009 , when economic policy under the Bernanke Fed and the Obama administration became clearer , they have fled the greenback .
In that time , the dollar index has fallen 16 percent .
You can't blame investors for selling .
By first driving , and then maintaining , short - term interest rates near zero , the Bernanke Fed has made it far less attractive for them to hold dollars .
In a desperate effort to break the back of the credit crisis , the Fed has also engineered the most massive increase in the money supply in US history .
Since 2007 , the Fed has roughly doubled the monetary base .
This , however , is only half of the oversupply story .
The other half of the tale involves the willingness of the Bernanke Fed to help accommodate the rapidly rising , and historically unprecedented , US budget deficits .
Such accommodation involves the Fed 's willingness to print new money to purchase many of the government bonds being issued by the Treasury Department to finance the budget deficit .
The practical effect of the Fed 's easy money policies has not been to stimulate the US economy through traditional channels of domestic consumption and business investment .
Rather , it has debased the dollar and thereby , in true beggar - thy - neighbor fashion , helped to stimulate demand for US exports while discouraging imports from the rest of the world .
To the rest of the world , this policy seems cynically aimed at bootstrapping the American economy through exports at the expense of its trading partners .
This beggar - thy - neighbor effect is further complicated by the Chinese government 's pegging of its currency to the falling greenback .
Because of this peg , every time the dollar falls , the Chinese yuan falls with it .
The steadily weakening yuan has further boosted the already formidable competitive advantage of Chinese manufacturers in markets across the globe .
In response to sluggish export demand in their home countries and the loss of market share to China , central bankers around the world are beginning to retaliate with large - scale interventions in the currency markets designed to brake the dollar 's decline relative to their own currencies .
The clear danger is that this tactical retaliation will devolve into a longer term strategy of competitive devaluations that will ultimately pit nation against nation and destabilize the already fragile international monetary system .
Washington officially supports a strong dollar .
But its policies suggest otherwise .
To avoid this destructive cycle , it is critical that the Fed and the Obama administration find the courage to end easy money and the accommodation of ever - larger budget deficits .
This certainly wo n't be easy , but the road to global economic recovery must ultimately be paved with both fiscal and monetary discipline in the US – not with Great Depression - style competitive devaluations .
Peter Navarro is a business professor at the University of California - Irvine , a CNBC contributor , and the author of " Always a Winner : Finding a Competitive Advantage in an Up and Down Economy . "
Bacteria are developing resistance to current drugs
The researchers , from the drug company Merck , isolated platensimycin from a sample of South African soil .
If the compound passes clinical trials it will become only the third entirely new antibiotic developed in the last four decades .
Details in the journal Nature reveal the antibiotic works in a completely different way to all others .
We very much need new drugs in the pipeline as soon as we can
Professor Tony Maxwell
Most classes of antibiotic were discovered in the 1940s and 1950s , and work by blocking synthesis of the cell wall , DNA and proteins within bacteria .
Most of today 's antibiotics are simply tweaks of this basic format .
The fact that they work in similar ways may be one reason why bacteria are proving so adept at developing resistance .
Thus a new class of antibiotics with a different method of action could represent a major breakthrough .
Natural extracts
The researchers hit upon platensimycin during a project in which they screened 250,000 natural product extracts for their antibiotic potential .
It is produced by a strain of the bacteria Streptomyces platensis .
In lab tests , the antibiotic cleared mice of infection with a form of bacteria related to MRSA and did not appear to cause toxic side effects .
Further testing showed activity against a variety of drug - resistant organisms , including MRSA .
Professor Tony Maxwell , who is carrying out similar work at the John Innes Centre ( JIC ) at Colney in Norfolk , UK , said : " This sounds very promising .
" A number of big pharmaceutical firms have pulled out of antibiotic drug discovery .
" With MRSA cases increasing , and the number of new drugs on the market decreasing , we very much need new drugs in the pipeline as soon as we can . "
Alan Johnson , an expert at the Health Protection Agency , said : " There is an increasing problem with antibiotic resistance .
" The Agency welcomes the news that a new antibiotic has been identified that could help to treat infections , particularly those caused by organisms such as MRSA which are resistant to many currently available drugs .
" It should be stressed , however , that the drug is at a very early stage of development and it may be several years before it could be used to treat humans . "
