I just saw some good advice on choosing passwords posted on the main Google weblog .
It made me feel guilty for a moment .
I have , at last count , about 140 accounts on a bewildering variety of services .
A dozen of them have strong passwords , the rest share one of a handful of weak passwords .
I would like to do better than this and have , over a period of time , tried to work out variously elaborate schemes for how to assign passwords .
I have n’t implemented any of them .
Many of them turn out to be impracticable as soon as one starts trying to implement them , but much more mundanely , just changing 140 passwords is a huge heap of work : if it takes 5 minutes to change one password on average , that ’s almost 12 hours .
Realistically , it would take almost a week to work through the entire list .
This means that coming up with a few different password assignment schemes and trying them out in sequence is a non-starter .
In the meantime , despite the absence of such a scheme , I still have a moderately frequent need to log into some of these accounts from computers where my ( encrypted , with yet another passphrase ) password list file is not available .
And thus , I continue to use weak passwords .
I think it is clear at this point that I need to forgive myself for my bad security practice and stop feeling guilty .
The problem is clearly not with my willingness to be a model netizen .
It is the very concept of passwords that is flawed .
This is far from an original thought , of course .
But today , as the faint pang of guilt came and passed , I wondered what we are collectively going to do about this .
Passwords are appealing in the small for many reasons ( the main ones I see being no prerequisites for participation from users and some extent of plausible deniability for system creators ) .
None of the alternative proposals seem to scale down to the same extent .
Worse than all of this , none of the alternatives even try to address the problem of migrating a huge number of accounts away from weak passwords .
This needs fixing .
And the only viable solution will be a brutally simple one – as simple as passwords are brutal .
BHOPAL , India — Hundreds of tons of waste still languish inside a tin-roofed warehouse in a corner of the old grounds of the Union Carbide pesticide factory here , nearly a quarter - century after a poison gas leak killed thousands and turned this ancient city into a notorious symbol of industrial disaster .
The toxic remains have yet to be carted away .
No one has examined to what extent , over more than two decades , they have seeped into the soil and water , except in desultory checks by a state environmental agency , which turned up pesticide residues in the neighborhood wells far exceeding permissible levels .
Nor has anyone bothered to address the concerns of those who have drunk that water and tended kitchen gardens on this soil and who now present a wide range of ailments , including cleft palates and mental retardation , among their children as evidence of a second generation of Bhopal victims , though it is impossible to say with any certainty what is the source of the afflictions .
Why it has taken so long to deal with the disaster is an epic tale of the ineffectiveness and seeming apathy of India ’s bureaucracy and of the government ’s failure to make the factory owners do anything about the mess they left .
But the question of who will pay for the cleanup of the 11 - acre site has assumed new urgency in a country that today is increasingly keen to attract foreign investment .
Speaking of important developments this election year , another set of results have come in that are guaranteed to stir debate among a feverish electorate : Genesis magazine has released their tenth annual " Porn 's Hot 100 " list , and while we 're pleased to see that more than a few of our most notable Crush Objects have made their way onto it ( though we 're not surprised — after all , having good taste in pornstars has long been one of the prime requirements for this job ) , we can't help but be aware that there are some readers out there who will be miffed that their favorite (s ) did n't make the cut .
After the jump , our tribute to the deserving superstars who made it to Genesis ' Top Ten ... and a space for you tell us who should be among them , but was n't .
. . .
10 . Bree Olson
9. Gina Lynn
8. Eva Angelina
7. Hillary Scott
6. Sasha Grey
5. Belladonna
4. Jenna Haze
3. Jesse Jane
2. Tera Patrick
1. Stormy Daniels
· 2008 Porn's Hot 100 ( genesisonline.com )
So , where did Genesis go wrong ?
Have your say in the comments below .
Tagged in : babes , belladonna , boobs , bree olson , eva angelina , gallery , gina lynn , hillary scott , jenna haze , jesse jane , listmania , lists , photo , pornstars , sasha grey , stormy daniels , straight , tera patrick ,
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. crude futures jumped more than $ 2 to a record high above $ 126 on Friday , fueled by fund buying and surging distillate prices on both sides of the Atlantic , according to traders .
On the New York Mercantile Exchange at 9:24 a.m. EDT , June crude was up $ 2.18 , or 1.76 percent , at $ 125.86 a barrel , trading from $ 124.08 to a record $ 126.20 .
At my house , basic digital cable TV cost over $ 69 per month ( plus taxes ) and I watch maybe 10 or 15 of the 150 + channels that they provide me , meaning that I pay for many channels that I have no interest in .
With the price of just about everything headed skyward , and paychecks plummeting , paid cable and satellite TV is often one of the first things to go from anyone ’s budget .
There are a lot of people who have taken the big step of getting rid of paid TV in their house and reverting back to antennas or no TV at all .
Because I often give thought to ditching my cable , especially when my “ deal ” with Comcast expires , I was curious just how many ways there are that provide the ability to watch your favorite shows free - of - charge one way or another … and there are there a lot !
While I cannot vouch for the legality or the quality of all of these websites , here are 35 a lot of different ways you can still catch your favorite shows and web videos without paying for cable or satellite TV .
And while I have n’t tried each and every one of them out for any extended period of time , the first 5 I list are my favorites , to help guide you to some of the ones that work well .
I have either given my own opinion of each one or when possible I have taken a blurb from each site ’s “ About ” page to give you a little more info .
And if you have a favorite , or you use a site that is n’t listed here , please be sure to mention it in the comments so everyone can check it out !
Top 5 Favorites …
1 . The good old fashioned antenna .
Of course , this all depends on what kind of signal you can get inside your house .
In my place here in CO , I can use an HDTV antenna and the channels come in beautifully .
But I have lived in other houses where I could n’t even get snow to show up on the TV ( New Mexico , I am looking at you ) .
Antennas mounted on roofs tend to be a lot better at pulling in those free signals , but remember that as of 2009 you need a special digital converter box , as the analog signals will no longer be broadcast ( in most communities ) .
2 . The network websites .
ABC , NBC , CBS , FOX , etc. – you name it , they are streaming most of their shows on their sites the day after they air on TV .
Sure , there are a few ads , but there are ads on cable , too – at least here you are n’t paying to watch the ads .
3. Hulu – Hulu has become a big dog in the world of internet streaming TV .
I know a guy who has a Mac Mini hooked up to a projection TV , and his only source of broadcast TV is through Hulu .
It looks beautiful on that 100 inch TV , all free of charge …for now .
Hulu does provide a “ Plus ” account for $ 10 a month that gives you more shows in HD .
4. JustinTV – Sure , it ’s a lot of home web videos , but it ’s also a great place to find that elusive game or event that you ca n’t see at home with an antenna .
People film their own TV sets and broadcast it to the site – enabling you to watch too .
( Told you I ca n’t vouch for legalities )
5. Share TV – Kinda like Hulu , but they seem to have more video available .
Right now they have 14,469 episodes available across 485 television shows .
The rest …
6. Miro –
More of a video platform than a bunch of stations , Miro does have a directory of videos you can watch once you download the video player .
7. Free TV Online – Seemingly combining Hulu , You Tube , Facebook , and any viral video you have ever seen , there is a lot here to comb through .
8. BeelineTV – Through their site , you can watch live TV channels from around the world .
Interested in watching a live news feed from Croatia ?
This would definitely be the site you want to hang out on .
9. BigFileTV – Another site full of tv shows and feeds from around the world .
10 . OV Guide – From movies , to TV , to anime , games , adult , documentaries , etc – OV Guide has a LOT of programs to stream to your computer .
11 . Choose and Watch – ChooseAndWatch is a multimedia portal where you can watch hundreds of online TV channels and videos .
12 . YouTube – I think you know this one already !
13 . PCTV – Another web portal with everything under the sun that you either want to watch or watched at some point in the past .
14 . TV Web 360 – Channel categories include News , Business , Entertainment , Music , Movies , Sports , Lifestyle , Educational , Shopping , Cartoons , Weather , Government , Religion and General TV .
The web site offers over 1000 free Web TV channels .
15 . Joost – Ever wanted to see Betty White in Calendar Girl ?
Want to see a lost episode of Adult Swim ?
Check out Joost .
16 . Daily Motion – Like YouTube …kinda .
17 . TV Video –
All the favorites on broadcast TV are available here .
18 . AOL Video – Self - explanatory , but pretty generic .
19 . QuickSilverScreen – A good place to watch movies , concerts , and documentaries online for free .
20 . My Easy TV –
There are more than 3000 television channels you can watch here … way more than you may ever need .
21 . TV Lizer – TV Lizer is based on a portuguese website called TVTUGA , this is its english international version .
22 . WWITV – A portal to watch over 2,800 live and on demand online television broadcasts .
23 . Channel Chooser –
With more than 10 million unique viewers monthly , they must be providing some good stuff .
24 . TevoOtv –
On this website , you will find movie , news , sports , music channels .
They are sorted by their respective country , and are easy to access and view using the top navigation menu .
25 . Find Internet TV – Missed the Tour de France ?
You would n’t have if you had known about this site .
26 . Streamick – Based in Russia , these guys have thousands and thousands of streaming video channels for you to watch .
27 . Crafty TV – Another portal for channels all over the world .
28 . Jump TV – A broadcaster of live and on - demand sports video over the Internet .
29 . Flick Peek –
You can watch movies , tv shows , cartoons and anime free of charge .
Oh , and you can also watch trailers for upcoming new releases .
30 . Mevio – A social media - type community , providing access to the best in new media in audio , video , podcasts , and music .
31 . Your Global TV – Seems a little sketchy , but hey – there is a lot here .
32 . wfitv – Free internet TV from all over the world , delivered to your computer .
33 . Any TV – Seems to require a download , and is n’t for Mac computers , so I could n’t test it .
Anyone ?
34 . Spreety –
As a television guide for online TV , Spreety provides links to legal entertainment choices , including popular online TV shows , classic TV shows , music videos , news , online sports , and movies online .
35 . No Subscription Required – Another “ guide ” of sorts , there seems to be current in - theatre movies listed here .
( Again , the legalities are not my responsibility ! )
36 . Do n’t Watch Me – Anyone ever use this one ?
Seems simple , but I could n’t get it to work !
37 . TVUNetworks – More live TV from around the world .
These kind of sites are cool because if you are from another country , you can still feel right at home while watching your hometown news .
38 . Veoh – Seems to be mostly cartoons and short films , but interesting anyway .
39 . CastTV – Everything and anything , listed alphabetical for easy access .
40 . My Easy TV – Anything you want , anytime you want it .
And when I say anything , I mean … anything .
41 . FreeTube – Select a genre , and start watching .
Easy as pie .
42 . SideReel –
An entertainment guide and community site for television and film enthusiasts .
43 . TV Duck – Like Wikipedia but for TV shows and movies .
Links , links , and more links .
44 . TV Gorge – Another site that serves as a portal for all things TV .
Links leave the site to go to Hulu and Amazon video , for example .
45 . TV TubeX – Like the old TV shows ?
This might be a place for you to hang out more often , M.A.S.H. and I Dream Of Jeanie are on the homepage , if that tells you anything .
46 . Clicker – Nothing you can’t find anywhere else , but a nice clean site anyway that leads you to the shows and movies you want to see .
47 . Watvon – Thousands of free Internet television channels and web cameras .
You can watch online streaming TV from any country around the world .
Select any theme : movie channels , news videos , cartoons streams , live webcams and many other broadcasts such as sports channels , music clips and religious transmissions .
48 . TV Land –
The online portal for the TV channel .
Good stuff here , if you like TV Land .
49 . Video Surf – According to the site , “ Using a unique combination of new computer vision and fast computation methods , VideoSurf has taught computers to “ see ” inside videos to find content in a fast , efficient , and scalable way .
Basing its search on visual identification , rather than text only , VideoSurf ’s computer vision video search engine provides more relevant results and a better experience to let users find and discover the videos they really want to watch . ”
Let ’s see about that , shall we ?
50 . Gig Streams – Sports , sports , sports , and more sports .
Need I say more ?
So which will it be ?
This :
Or this ?
If you have gotten rid of cable or satellite , where do you watch TV ?
Do you have any additions for this list to share with other readers ( or myself , if we go the no - TV route ! ) ?
Let me know in the comments !
Photos by dailyinvention and by sfxeric
No related posts .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai warned Sunday his troops would take their battle against Taliban extremists across the border into Pakistan to prevent them launching attacks in his country .
Hamid Karzai says his troops have the right to cross into Pakistan to pursue militants .
Karzai told reporters in Kabul on Sunday that Afghan soldiers had the right to enter Pakistan because insurgents crossing the border to attack Afghan targets " gives us the right to go back and do the same . "
The Afghan president has previously urged Pakistan and its U.S. - led coalition allies to do more to tackle extremists holed up in Pakistan 's remote border regions , but this is the first time he has indicated taking matters into his own hands .
Karzai said his administration 's " patience was running thin . "
He said the cross - border attacks have destroyed homes and schools .
" This is a two - way road , and Afghans are good in two - way road journeys , " he said .
" We will complete the journey , we will get them and we will defeat them .
And we will avenge all that they have done in Afghanistan for the past so many years . "
Pakistan 's prime minister responded that his country would not " allow " Afghan troops in .
" We will neither interfere in the internal affairs of any country , nor will we allow anyone to interfere in our affairs , " Yousuf Raza Gilani told Pakistan 's private ARY - OneWorld television .
" Such statements will not help in the normalization of friendly relations between the two countries , and will hurt the sentiments of people on both sides of the border , " he said .
Gilani added that his country wants " friendly " ties with Afghanistan .
Karzai's comments came as Afghan and coalition forces killed more than 15 insurgents and captured five while searching for militants who escaped in a daring jail - break in the southern city of Kandahar .
The jail breakout , which saw hundreds of Taliban fighters take flight , has come as major blow to efforts to suppress the extremists , just as coalition forces appeared to be gaining the upper hand
In his address Sunday , Karzai named several militant leaders by name -- including Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Pakistani Taliban . .
Mehsud had been identified by Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf 's administration as the mastermind behind last year 's assassination of former prime minister and opposition leader Benazir Bhutto .
The CIA reached the same conclusion .
Last month , Pakistan 's new government said it was negotiating a deal with the Mehsud tribes of South Waziristan that involved exchanging prisoners and withdrawing Pakistani forces .
Amid the negotiations , Baitullah Mehsud declared a cease - fire .
" Baitullah Mehsud should that know we will go after him and hit him in his house , " Karzai said .
He added : " The Pakistani government should know it .
We will come and hit him there , wherever he is . "
The issue of cross - border raids came to the forefront last week after a U.S. military airstrike inside Pakistan soil killed 11 Pakistani troops .
A U.S. official with knowledge of the incident told CNN that Tuesday 's airstrike targeted suspected militants who had fled into Pakistan after conducting an ambush on the Afghan side of the border .
The official said the mission was permitted under the rules of engagement , which allow " hot pursuit " across the border of suspected militants when locations are verified .
The top spokesman for the Pakistan army , Gen. Athar Abbas , told CNN that the airstrike occurred after U.S. forces were called in by Afghan troops who had engaged in a border clash with Taliban forces .
The Taliban forces fired on the Afghan troops as they tried to set up a checkpoint in a disputed area along the Afghan - Pakistan border , Abbas said .
The Afghan troops then called for help from the U.S. - led coalition forces , which carried out an airstrike on positions where Pakistani paramilitary forces were stationed , Abbas said .
Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this story
All About Afghanistan • Pakistan • NATO • Afghanistan War
Video : Bush aide caught offering access for donations
David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday July 13 , 2008
Print This Email This
Donate $ 250,000 to the Bush presidential library and meet the man himself .
This is the message of lobbyist Stephan Payne , who offers access to Dick Cheney , Condoleeza Rice and other top officials for six - figure donations towards a Texas library to commemorate Bush 's presidency , The Sunday Times reported Saturday .
Payne has close ties to the Bush administration and has accompanied Bush and Cheney on several foreign trips , according to the article , which confirms suspicions that the White House offers political favors in return for large donations .
There are no caps on the amount of money that can be donated to libraries and no requirement that the donors be identified by name , The Times reported .
In the video , an undercover reporter for The Times poses as a politician attempting to donate money for the favor of meeting top cabinet officials .
All it will take to meet the politicians is " a couple hundred thousand dollars , or something like that , " Payne said in the video .
" That s gonna be a show of ' we re interested , were your friends , were still friends . ' "
Payne was appointed to the Homeland Security Advisory Council in August 2007 and earlier this year threw his support behind John McCain .
The Times of London reports :
This video is from TimesOnline.co.uk , broadcast July 13 , 2008 .
Download video
As most of you already know , Adobe Flash Player is slowly dying and it seems that Microsoft is already preparing the transition to HTML5 .
A user has claimed that he needs to upload some files via Adobe Flash Player , but for some reason the mentioned media tool does n’t function on his Windows 10 PC .
The same user said that after checking the settings , he noticed that the “ Adobe Flash Player ” is on , but for some reason , it is not working at all on the Microsoft Edge browser .
When trying to use the upload function on a website , it does n’t work , and when he visits the Adobe website to check if he has Adobe Flash Player installed , the website claims that the media player is “ disabled . ”
Someone replied saying that some Windows 10 builds have the Adobe Flash Player disabled by default , but this can be fixed by taking a few steps .
Windows 10 : How To Make Adobe Flash Player Via PowerShell
First of all , make sure to create a system restore point just in case things get nasty
Go to “ C:\Users\%username\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge_8wekyb3d8bbwe ” ( replace %username with your username ) and delete everything that ’s inside it
After that , right click on the Start menu and select “ Windows Power Shell ( Admin ) and copy paste this code : “ Get - AppXPackage - AllUsers - Name Microsoft.MicrosoftEdge | Foreach { Add- AppxPackage - DisableDevelopmentMode - Register “ $( $_.InstallLocation ) \AppXManifest.xml ” - Verbose} ”
When you will open Microsoft Edge next time , you will notice that all settings are reset to default and that Adobe Flash Player is working once again .
Unfortunately , we have to face it that within a few months , Adobe Flash Player will not be used anymore , as HTML5 is currently getting more and more popular .
HTML5 does n’t have all the security issues and bugs that Adobe Flash Player had in the past ( and currently still has ) .
Do you think that it will take longer for Adobe Flash Player to “ die ? ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Single - family home prices dropped 7.7 % in the first quarter in the largest year - over - year decline since the National Association of Realtors began reporting prices in 1982 .
The median sales price fell to $ 196,300 , down 4.8 % compared with the last three months of 2007 .
Lawrence
Yun , the chief economist of NAR , attributed much of the record decline to liquidity problems dragging down high - priced markets .
" These are highly unusual results because there were very few jumbo loan originations in the latest quarter , " he said .
" So sales are much slower in high - cost areas . "
Jumbo mortgages skew results
That sales slowdown changed the mix of houses sold .
In California , according to Yun , homes bought with jumbo mortgages - more than $ 417,000 - accounted for 40 % of all sales before liquidity for these loans dried up during the summer of 2007 .
Since then only 10 % of sales in California involved jumbo loans .
In February , Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , the government sponsored enterprises that guarantee a market for conforming loans , have raised the $ 417,000 cap to include mortgages of up to $ 729,750 , but lenders were still charging much higher rates for these " conforming jumbos , " between 1 % and 1.5 % more than ordinary conforming loans .
The higher rates are discouraging sales in higher price ranges and so skewed NAR 's median price results .
Many of these same markets were also among the hardest hit by the subprime implosion , which forced many lower priced homes back on the markets , again dragging down NAR 's results .
That helped put many California and other Sun Belt cities , with their toxic combinations of both high prices and heavy proportions of subprime mortgages , among the biggest losers .
In California , Sacramento prices plummeted 29.2 % to $ 258,500 compared with last year and Riverside prices fell 27.7 % to $ 287,100 .
Prices in Las Vegas fell 20.2 % to $ 247,600 and those in Phoenix dropped 15.4 % to $ 222,200 .
Some Midwestern cities , hard hit by factory closings , also suffered huge losses with Lansing , Mich. , prices falling 26.9 % .
Saginaw , Mich. , had the lowest median prices of any of the 150 markets studied ; a median house in Saginaw sold for just $ 65,400 .
" You have two themes : the weak industrial economies under increasing pressure by struggles of the Big Three automakers and the deflating of what were once the most prominent bubble markets , " said Michael Youngblood , an analyst with FBR Investment Management .
About of a third of the markets did show gains .
The best performer in the nation was Binghamton , N.Y. , where prices rose 11.8 % to $ 109,700 .
Then came Peoria , Ill. , up 10.4 % to $ 119,000 and Spartanburg , S.C. , where prices rose 10.2 % to $ 130,300 .
Regionally , in the Northeast , single - family home prices rose slightly , 3.2 % to $ 280,000 .
But prices in the South dropped 7.5 % to $ 164,200 , in the Midwest they fell 7.9 % to $ 142,700 and in the West they plunged 12.3 % to $ 296,300 .
Foreclosures put more homes in play
Hurting home prices were big rises in foreclosure rates over the past 12 months , which threaten to get even worse .
Delinquencies more than doubled over that time and more than 155,000 lost their homes in bank repossessions during the first three months of the year .
With many adjustable rate mortgages ( ARMs ) poised to reset this year to higher interest rates , defaults could go even higher .
" Yes , but I hasten to say it 's not merely the ARMs , " said Youngblood .
" Fixed rate loans are performing poorly as well . "
All that foreclosure activity added to the glut of homes on the market .
The total inventory has risen to an average of 10 months worth of unsold homes .
In addition , a record number - 2.9 million - of vacant homes are up for sale , according to the Census Bureau .
The big inventory has led to aggressive price slashing and increased incentives by builders looking to sell homes .
They 've also cut way back on housing starts , which are at a 17 - year low .
The pace of existing home sales , at about 492,000 a month , is about a third less than its peak during the summer of 2005 .
Condo prices fared a bit better than single - family homes .
The median price fell just 3 % since early 2007 .
The worst hit market was the Sarasota area , where condos dropped 35 % over the past 12 months to $ 268,500 .
Sacramento condo price cratered 33.4 % to $ 147,200 .
In Miami , prices fell 26.4 % to $ 176,100 .
The best performing condo market was about as far from the madding crowds of South Beach as one can get : Bismarck , N.D. , condo prices soared 36.4 % compared with 12 months ago , to $ 124,900 .
The price declines in falling markets may not have run their course .
Some analysts point to low home prices in many Midwestern cities and assert there 's not much room for prices to fall but Youngblood disagrees .
" If we'd had this discussion a year ago , we would have said the same thing - how much further can they fall ? " he said .
" But jobs are declining and people are moving out and you 're getting sharper home price declines than you ordinarily would . "
Also , according to Youngblood , the sheer volume of foreclosures takes a toll .
" Recent studies report that foreclosed properties sell for an average of 20 % less than comparable properties that have not been foreclosed on , " he said .
As for the bubble markets that have already lost 30 % of their values , Youngblood thinks their declines are not over .
He expects some to drop another 20 % or so through February 2009 .
Shaking off the sting of its collapsed deal with Yahoo ! , Microsoft bought addressable TV player Navic Networks in a deal that will extend its ad platform to television .
Cambridge , Mass .- based Navic works with top cable companies to provide targeted TV advertising with a nascent ad network called Admira .
It works with cable companies like Time Warner Cable , Cox Communications and Charter .
Dish Network also uses its technology .
Its technology is used to run ad campaigns targeted to viewer groups , and also offers interactive features like the ability to click through for long - form content .
“ We ’re clearly making a commitment to emerging media , ” Brian McAndrews , svp of advertiser and publisher solutions at Microsoft , said in an interview here .
“ In the long run , we want to be a platform across all media . ”
McAndrews painted the move as a way to “ accelerate ” Microsoft ’s efforts to build a wide - ranging ad platform that would allow advertisers to place , target and track ads on the Web , mobile , in video games and now TV .
It has added capabilities through acquisition , such as the 2006 purchase of video game ad network Massive and the 2007 buy of mobile ad network Screentonic .
Buying Navic is also a way to keep pace with Google , which is making a push to enter the estimated $ 80 billion TV ad market .
McAndrews said Navic differs from Google ’s approach by working directly with cable companies versus satellite services , allowing greater targeting and not forcing broadcasters to use an auction .
Project Canoe , which recently recruited Aegis Media Americas CEO David Verklin to head it , is attempting to bring ad targeting to TV through a consortium of cable companies .
Read
Read Original Post Here
Mr. Rangel ’s use of the fourth apartment as an office , in addition to his 2,500 - square - foot residence , was especially troubling to some advocates , given the city ’s chronic shortage of housing for low - and moderate - income residents .
“ Whether it ’s an elected official or not , no one should have four apartments , especially when one is being used as an office , ” said Michael McKee , treasurer of the Tenants Political Action Committee , who was not aware of Mr. Rangel ’s situation when he was interviewed .
Mr. Rangel , who was first elected to Congress in 1970 and is one of the city ’s most recognizable elected officials , has written and spoken extensively about his devotion to his home in Harlem , but does not appear to have ever publicly acknowledged that he has been permitted to lease four rent - stabilized apartments there .
According to a public records database and interviews with neighbors , he has lived in the building since the early 1970s , but it is not clear when he amassed the four units .
Mr. Rangel , 78 , declined to answer questions during a telephone interview , saying that his housing was a private matter that did not affect his representation of his constituents .
“ Why should I help you embarrass me ? ” he said , before abruptly hanging up .
Olnick officials declined to discuss when or why they decided to permit Mr. Rangel to lease multiple rent - stabilized units .
Asked why he had been allowed to use one as an office , Jeanette Bocchino , a spokeswoman for the company , replied : “ This is a private matter for the Olnick Organization and Mr. Rangel to evaluate . ”
Mr. Rangel is not the only prominent resident with a rent - stabilized apartment at Lenox Terrace .
Gov. David A. Paterson told The New York Sun in May that he pays $ 1,250 for a rent - stabilized two - bedroom apartment in the complex that rents for $ 2,600 or more at market rates .
Basil A. Paterson , the governor ’s father , pays $ 868 per month for his apartment there , in the same building as Mr. Rangel ’s apartments , according to state records .
Harry Potter Lexicon Trial Underway
Wizards and muggles and dragons , oh my !
Looks like the Harry Potter Lexicon could use an anti-jinx spell .
Author J.K. Rowling testified in a New York courtroom today that Michigan - based RDR Books ' , " Harry Potter Lexicon " infringes on her work , saying the lexicon represents " wholesale theft " of her 17 years of hard work on the Harry Potter series .
Rowling and Warner Bros. claim RDR copied large portions of her books , while RDR is claiming " fair use . "
The lexicon , written by Steven Vander Ark , is an encyclopedia of characters , spells , places , objects and creatures from the best - selling Harry Potter books .
The books , which have been published in 64 languages , have sold more than 400 million copies .
Five films spawned from the books have pulled in more than $ 4 billion at the box office .
View the Harry Potter Lexicon website HERE .
source : Bloomberg
The Iranian human rights lawyer Shirin Ebadi is not a woman easily stopped in her tracks - she has been held in jail and faced repeated death threats , but continues to speak out against the abuses of the theocratic regime .
On the doorstep of the BBC's Bush House in central London , though , an American tourist waves the Nobel peace laureate and her entourage aside , complaining loudly : " Do you mind ?
We 're trying to take a picture ! "
It serves , perhaps , as a reminder for Ebadi - who has spent the day being treated like a VIP by the BBC World Service - of the challenge she faces in attracting western interest to her cause .
With the international community fixated on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , Ebadi says there is dwindling scrutiny of human rights in her homeland , and the hardline president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , has taken advantage of this to increase repression .
" Since the world started focusing on the nuclear programme , the human rights situation in Iran has worsened every day , " says Ebadi , who won the Nobel prize in 2003 .
Dozens of activists have been prosecuted and condemned to prison , the lash or both .
Arrests , detention and judicial harassment are increasing , with journalists , lawyers , students and trade unionists particularly targeted .
" The morality police interfere more in people 's everyday lives , " she says .
" They recently announced they would carry out inspections in private homes and companies .
In Tehran there was also a plan to target hooligans on the streets , but it led to a lot of innocent young people and women being arrested . "
Ebadi , 60 , has been relatively lucky .
She was born in 1947 to a non-traditional Muslim family .
She was treated as an equal with her brother and encouraged to go to college .
In 1975 , aged 23 , she became Iran 's first woman judge .
She lost her position after the Islamic revolution in 1979 when conservative clerics insisted that Islam prohibits women from holding such an office .
She was allowed to practice law again in 1992 , and since then has turned her legal skills against the Islamic republic she once supported but now opposes due to its human rights abuses .
Ebadi recently took her campaign to the mid-west United States , where she found sympathy among ordinary Americans upset by bellicose rhetoric about Iran .
She is perturbed at how contestants in the US presidential race have cited their preparedness to attack Iran .
In April , Hillary Clinton said she would " obliterate " the country if it attacked Israel .
" It is very concerning , " she says .
" Undoubtedly a military attack on Iran would worsen human rights in the country .
Look at Iraq - now the fundamentalists have a pretext for their extremism .
No one talks about freedom of speech or human rights .
People just want a safe shelter .
" Do you think that since the US troops arrived in Iraq that the Iraqi people have become prosperous ?
As a human rights activist I tell the people of the world that if you want to help people in Iran the solution is not to launch an attack . "
There is little sign that western leaders are listening .
This week , George Bush once again raised the possibility of military action , warning that " all options are on the table " .
A US - EU summit in Slovenia threatened new sanctions against Iran if it fails to end uranium enrichment .
Ebadi says the nuclear standoff has made the Iranian regime attractive to disaffected young people elsewhere in the Middle East whose governments are unelected .
" Disenchanted young people have turned to Iran for inspiration , a country that takes every opportunity to burn the American flag .
But can the Iranian government represent a good system of government ?
No . "
The world needs to know that every day the lives of Iranians are " getting poorer and more impoverished " due to the regime 's internal oppression and confrontational foreign policy , she says .
" There are close to 10 million people under the poverty line .
That 's one out of every seven .
And that is according to official government figures , so let 's imagine the reality .
" The consequences of Iranian policies domestically should be revealed around the world , so [ young people in the Middle East ] understand that just opposing the US is n't going to solve the problems they face .
We 've been saying ' death to America ' for years but our people have been getting hungrier . "
Ebadi says that to tackle the surge in support for Iran among the young in the region , the US must stop supporting its undemocratic regimes .
" What is interesting is almost all the undemocratic regimes in the Middle East – Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates – is they 're all friends of the United States , " she says .
" If the US were to stop supporting their governments they would fall immediately .
So the people of those countries do n't feel good about American foreign policy and view it suspiciously . "
Ebadi was always unconvinced by the Bush administration 's view that regime change in Iraq would create a domino effect bringing democracy across the Middle East .
" It was a flawed argument from the start .
If a country genuinely believes in democratic reform it 's not going to wait for another country to reform before taking action . "
Her hopes hinge on obliging the regime to adhere to the international human rights conventions it has ratified .
She is in London to promote a new book on the rights of refugees in Iran that sets out how international and Islamic law can be used to protect them .
Iran signed the United Nations declaration of human rights in 1975 .
Activists say the government is in violation of the treaty .
But last year the much - criticised UN human rights council removed Iran from a list of countries that were being closely monitored .
There have been six visits to Iran by investigators since the council was established in 2006 , but their recommendations have not been implemented .
Ebadi says abuses have gone unchecked , and she is calling on the council to reappoint a special rapporteur to bring the regime to account .
At a conference in Geneva this week , Ebadi called on the international community to strengthen the council , as it remains a last resort for many victims .
" Unfortunately the Iranian government has not followed the recommendations of the UN rights agencies , " she says .
" But the fact the recommendations are recognised by the government shows that the Iranian people do have rights and have the confidence to demand that they are respected .
So though the UN reports may not have practically led to results , psychologically it has been a great boost to the morale of the Iranian people . "
Ebadi remains optimistic that reform is achievable .
Her hope lies in Iran 's youthful population – almost 70 % aged under 30 – which is hungry for change and prepared to fight for its freedom .
She cites the example of one of her clients , 32 - year - old Maryam Hossienkhah , a journalist and member of the One Million Signatures Campaign for equal rights for Iranian women .
Hossienkhah was arrested in November for writing articles demanding respect for women 's rights under the Islamic constitution .
Her bail was set at the equivalent of £ 75,000 .
Ebadi says : " She told the judge , ' I refuse to do that .
I 'm innocent but I 'll go to jail . '
As soon as she arrived in the jail , she started giving advice to the women about how to defend their cases .
" She sent a message out to her friends and colleagues that the prison library did n't have a good book collection .
So other members of the campaign brought in books and in less than 20 days the prison had a full library .
Finally the judge said to the prosecutor , ' You 'll have to get this woman out otherwise she will cause chaos ! ' "
Hossienkhah was released in January after her bail was reduced to just over £ 3,500 .
There are many similar cases before the courts , says Ebadi .
" I 'm glad to say that the more harsh women 's lives become , the more determined they are to overcome them .
The will of these women is very powerful and that poses a challenge for the government . "
Shirin Ebadi's latest book , Refugee Rights in Iran , is published by Saqi at £ 12.99 .
www.saqibooks.com
The US government has asked a court to throw out a lawsuit that seeks to stop the world from ending .
Late last week , federal lawyers along with other defendants asked for summary judgment in a lawsuit designed to halt the start - up of the most powerful particle accelerator yet built .
The lawsuit , which was filed in Hawaii last March by Luis Sancho , a Spanish science writer , and Walter Wagner , a retired radiation expert , against the European Center for Nuclear Research , or CERN , and its American quislings , the Department of Energy , the National Science Foundation and the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory , claims that the Large Hadron Collider could create microscopic black holes , strangelets and the ominous - sounding “ magnetic monopoles . ”
The collider will smash subatomic particles together at close to the speed of light in search of ever more fundamental principles of physics , but Sancho and his cohorts contend that the collider runs the risk of creating new and dangerous particles with the potential to devour the earth .
The so - called “ strangelets ” would in theory be created when the quarks that form the basis of the atom recombine to form novel , more stable quarks that would then fuse with normal matter .
As the complaint warns , “ repeated fusions would result in a runaway fusion reaction , eventually converting Earth to a strangelet of huge size . ”
The lawsuit also contends that there is a very real possibility that the collision of matter at near light speed will result in an implosion and the creation of a miniaturized black hole , and “ eventually all of Earth would fall into such growing micro - black hole , converting Earth to a medium size black hole , around which would orbit the moon , satellites , the ISS , etc . ”
Not to be outdone by known hazards such as black holes , the complaint claims that magnetic monopoles are massive magnetic particles that would catalyze the decay of “ protons and atoms , causing them to convert into other types of matter in a runaway reaction . ”
Attorneys for the Department of Justice moved to dismiss the complaint on a variety of grounds , not least of which is its theatrical absurdity .
Government attorneys argued in supporting memoranda that the case was moot , since the American contribution to the project had already been made , and that , regardless , the United States was not part of CERN .
An American injunction would consequently have no impact on the operation of the accelerator .
Government filings also note that this is not Mr. Wagner ’s first rodeo , so to speak – he filed an almost identical lawsuit against the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider , or RHIC , in 1999 , to no avail - the complaint was dismissed for lack of credible scientific foundation .
The motions for summary judgment and dismissal will be heard on Sept. 2 , 2008 , giving us at least a couple of summer months to enjoy life as we know it . ®
With their portable shrines and pots of sake , Japanese festivalsÂ are generally fairly boisterous affairs , but for Kawasaki ’s annual fertility festival ( the Kanamara Matsuri ) at Hachiman - gu Shrine , bawdy could be deemed a far more accurate description — the marvelling at massive members ,
being the main source of amusement .
Also , for people a bit peckish , there ’s the usual fare of noodles and nibbles on offer , although for those particularly partial , a pecker or even a pussy may also be purchased .
The former ,
on the whole ,
being the firm favourite .
An event that , along with phallic food , is a festival with the focus very much on fun ,
and a fair amount of fornication .
The morning ’s penis - based proceedings eventually building up to an incredible climax , that sees the colossal cocks carted through the crowd .
Which , wherever one lives , is something seldom seen it has to be said .
Although unfortunately , with such a lot of effort going in to getting things up and running , it only comes once a year .
( click images for bigger , erm , big ‘ uns )
Wow , this is a shocker .
At around 3 am Tuesday morning at Burning Man 2007 , during a rare lunar eclipse , the Burning Man sculpture was set on fire prematurely ( it is normally burned on Saturday ) .
The Black Rock City Emergency Services Department was able to put out the fire in time and salvage the sculpture ( it had not yet been loaded with fuel or explosives ) .
It is still scheduled for its normal burn on Saturday and they will be working throughout the week to repair any burn damage and re-install the neon .
They plan on re-building the man , complete with neon within 72 hours .
The early burn is being investigated as arson ( there are reports a man armed with a propane torch starting the fire ) .
According to the Reno Gazette - Journal , authorities have already arrested one person .
Another source says that the man was set ablaze early due to an electrical problem when they turned the neon early for the lunar eclipse .
Burning Man organizers hope to have more information later today .
Here ’s an announcement from Burning Man regarding the fire :
Black Rock City Emergency Services Department units responded from Stations
Three , Five , and Nine and put the fire out within approximately 23 minutes .
There were no reported injuries .
The Man is still standing , and an assessment is underway to determine the structural integrity of The Man and the Green Man Pavilion .
The event will continue as scheduled .
An arson investigation is currently under way , and is ongoing .
There is no confirmed cause of ignition at this time .
No further information is available at this time .
More information will be released tomorrow morning after the investigation can safely be concluded .
Paul David Addis , a San Francisco based artist and performer , was arrested in connection with the arson .
Daniel Garcia and Brad Templeton have some photos of the fire and the attempts to put it out .
Here ’s some blog and media coverage of the premature burn :
An image of the burn from the live video stream of Burning Man at center camp .
Reports are coming in that the damages to the Burning Man sculpture are too extensive , so they are planning on building a new one within the next 72 hours which will be “ officially ” burned on Saturday .
The Green Man Pavilion , the building below the Burning Man sculpture , was not seriously damaged in the fire and the demos of green technologies will still take place once the structure is repaired .
Danger Ranger has uploaded post burn photo and a photo from the Death Guild at Thuderdome who are denying any responsibility for the premature burn .
I have confirmed through several sources that it was in fact arson .
Joe Garofoli from the San Francisco Chronicle has reported that the person arrested in connection with the arson is Paul David Addis , a San Francisco based artist and performer .
Paul is being held in the Pershing County Jail in Lovelock , Nevada on charges of arson , possession of fireworks , destruction of property and resisting a public officer .
Recently Paul played the role of Hunter S Thompson in his one man show “ Gonzo , A Brutal Chrysalis ” , which opened in San Francisco and is currently scheduled to tour the west coast starting next month .
Back in 2002 , Paul wrote an letter to the editor of the SF Weekly in response to Lessley Anderson ’s “ Burning Spin ” article on Burning Man .
Current TV has posted video segment on the premature burning of the man as part of their coverage of the event on TV Free Burning Man .
The report includes footage of the fire and subsequent damage to the sculpture , interviews with Burning Man organizers Marian Goodell & Andie Grace and some eyewitness reports from the scene .
For the man , his number was up at 2:58 AM on August 28th , as “ The Burning Man ” met his maker early at the hands of an arsonist .
His demise was met with heartfelt cries by onlookers exclaiming “ Save the man , it ’s not his time ” .
For the thousands that gather annually in Black Rock City , NV to take part in the “ Burning Man ” festival , this was a sad moment , but festival goers promised to carry on .
Carla Roccapriore of the Reno Gazette - Journal has a follow - up on the arrest of Paul Addis , complete with one of the most surreal mug shots of all time .
In the comments , John let us know about a new craigslist listing : “ For sale .
One Burning Man. Slightly charred ”
I just spoke with Chris Radcliffe who is currently in Portland and he said that he has paid the $ 3200 required on a $ 25,632 bond for Paul ’s release , but they have not let Paul out yet because he is refusing to give his name to authorities .
Chris Radcliffe has spoken with Paul who is now out on bail .
They are now removing the old , charred Burning Man effigy .
At Tuesday night ’s Media Mecca Happy
Hour , the featured cocktail was the “ Hunter S . Thompson ” and Mr. Clean informed the media that the new man will be up by Thursday night , complete with a new set of neon .
Lou Carbon at 10 Zen Monkeys has just posted their take on the situation : “ Burning the Man With Hunter S. Thompson ”
LOLburn , you knew it had to happen .
A fund has been setup for Paul Addis at freepauladdis.com to help recover the money spent to bail him out of jail as well as his ongoing legal expenses .
Reports are surfacing that during Burning Man 1997 , Paul Addis hung a pair of giant silver testicles from Burning Man ’s groin .
Wanda Power has posted about the early burning of the man on the Building Black Rock City blog .
Burning Man has posted a press release to their website , replacing the previous update that was up there .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : Tom LaPorte , Media Mecca MAN TO BE REBUILT AFTER FIRE ( Black Rock City – August 28 , 2007 ) The Man at the center of Black Rock City will be rebuilt after an overnight fire which damaged the effigy at the center of the Burning Man event .
Rebuilding is expected to take about two days .
Black Rock City officials say there was structural damage to the figure of the Man , but relatively little damage to the art and exhibits at the base of the Man .
No injuries were reported .
An arson investigation is underway , and one arrest was made shortly after the fire was set .
No charges have been announced , and the name of the suspect is being withheld .
There has been no discussion of motive in the episode .
“ We have the means and the will .
The event continues on schedule , and the Man will burn on Saturday night , ” said Andie Grace , Communications Manager for Burning Man LLC .
A perimeter has been established around the scene , but event organizers say it is likely that participants will be permitted to visit the pavilion while the rebuilding is underway .
This is not the first time the Man has required rebuilding .
In 1990 , the Man was accidentally cut up with a chain saw while in storage prior to the event .
It was fully rebuilt in time to be transported to the desert .
Burning Man annually attracts as many as 40,000 participants in the last week of August .
The climax of the event is the burning of the effigy on Saturday night .
DPW is currently in the process of installing the 2nd , newly constructed Burning Man sculpture .
Paul Addis , the man accused with torching the man , just sent us this statement from his safe house in Fernley , NV .
He says that he had planned on doing this way in advance and tried to make sure that nobody would get hurt .
Hi , folks .
This is the * alleged * arsonist / douchebag / attention whore himself , writing you from Fernley , NV , where I have been chilling out for a couple of days .
Having read your various comments , a few things should be addressed .
First , this operation was extensively planned well in advance , and the number one thing to Black Rock Intelligence was that NO ONE be hurt .
If you people actually knew us , you ’d know that we have an extensive background in doing things exactly like this .
In fact , we were on the ground for some thirty minutes before ascent , scoping the scene and clearing people in order to minimize any possiblity of injury to others .
We were aided by several people who were recruited on the playa the night of this burn ( BRI has no idea who they are , so do n’t bother asking ) .
Second , the operation was planned in conjunction with the lunar eclipse because Black Rock Intelligence knew that another event at the trash fence would draw the bulk of lunatics to it , rather than to the Man .
In fact , one of our peripheral operatives aided in getting as many people to the fence event as possible to help BRI achieve its goal of zero injuries .
Third , word went out across the playa days in advance that Black Rock Intelligence was pulling this op .
This word continued to go out right up to the moment that our chief operator began the arduous climb up the guide wire .
As you can all see from the results , BRI performed flawlessly in this regard .
We could give a fuck less what you all think of us for doing this .
Most of you are newbies who have been drawn in by the semi-religious nature of the event , or maybe just the easy drugs and easier sex .
You have nothing to offer the event other than your fucking money and obedience .
You spend the rest of your lives in mortal fear of everything that insurance companies tell you to fear , and pretend that you ’re free and clear because you spend four days at a desert bacchanal where spinelessness is not only encouraged but genetically replicated for implementation in successive generations .
In short , you are the swine of which Thompson spoke .
Get over yourselves .
Some of us live quite well without fear .
Doing so requires the ultimate in what Burning Man used to represent : personal responsibility and individual liberty .
That ’s all been lost in the last decade of Burning Man ’s history .
Consider this operation a history lesson that was desperately needed .
One final note : Black Rock Intelligence has been permanently disbanded .
All other operatives have made the ultimate sacrifice by swallowing their L - pills to avoid being captured alive .
I am the sole surviving member of BRI and ask that you respect my mourning period for those who gave their lives so that this operation was a complete success .
Paul D. Addis
Fernley , NV
Justin Berton over on SFGate is reporting on a suicide that took place this Thursday morning at Burning Man .
On Friday Justin posted a follow - up on the suicide .
Kitten Calfee sent us a statement regarding the suicide at Burning Man on Thursday morning .
He was part of the Comfort & Joy theme camp where a man decided to end his life by hanging himself .
Miyoko Ohtake has published “ A Heated Q&A With the Prankster Accused of Burning the Man ” on Wired .
In both “ exclusive ” interviews , Paul talks about the Black Rock Intelligence organization that he referenced in the public statement he issued on Thursday .
Tuesday ’s premature immolation of Burning Man has been awakening many of the event ’s old - timers .
Kevin Evans , who was part of the original crew who helped bring Burning Man to the Black Rock Desert in 1990 , has uploaded a bunch of great photos from Burning Man 1990 - 1995 .
Burning Man has a long history of prankster activity which is largely due to itâ€™s association with the The Cacophony Society during the late 1980 â€™s to mid 1990 â€™s .
One of the most infamous Burning Man pranks took place during the 1996 event when a giant neon smiley face was installed inside the head of the Burning Man sculpture .
Jimmy Kimmel mentioned the premature burn during his monlogue on Thursday night .
They showed the mug shot which got a big laugh from the crowd .
Upon seeing it , Jimmy comments
“ You never expect a guy that looks like that to do something stupid ” .
Danger Ranger has uploaded a photo of “ The Laminated Man ” from the Playa .
“ Buy the ticket take the ride ” .
– Hunter S. Thompson
Some people have been asking if I ’ve been doing all of this reporting from Burning Man .
Actually , I am not out there this year ( I attended the event from 1995 - 2002 ) .
Burning Man ’s connection to the outside world via the internet is better than it has ever been .
Throughout the week I have been receiving information directly from the event via email , IM , IRC , photos , video , blog posts , Twitter , the live webcam and the stream of Burning Man Information Radio .
Earlier this week I did a write up on how to access Burning Man 2007 remotely through the internet .
On Friday Joe Garofoli of the San Francisco Chronicle conducted a phone interview with Paul Addis who is now back in San Francisco : “ Suspect in Burning Man arson decries event ’s loss of spontaneity ”
Paul ’s arraignment has been scheduled for September 25th at the Pershing County Courthouse in Nevada .
He plans on pleading “ not guilty ” .
An image of a phoenix has been added to the head of the newly constructed Burning Man sculpture in honor of its rising from the ashes of the man that was burned early on Tuesday .
John
Hell just let us know about an interview with Paul Addis on Pirate Cat Radio ( the interview starts at around 1/3 way in on the mp3 archive ) .
Danger Ranger , who ’s been posting great photos from Burning Man all week , has uploaded photos of a special DPW Rebirth Crew 2007 t- shirt and some wonderful Paul Addis stencil art , part of a growing Paul Addis meme in Black Rock City .
Steve Kisby took a photo of one of the Paul Addis posters that started showing up around the Playa on Friday .
The 2nd Burning Man of 2007 has successfully burned to completion .
“ All Your Burning Man Are Belong To Us ” , as seen being printed on t- shirts at a Sunday BBQ in San Francisco .
On Sunday our friends had a Labor Day Weekend BBQ at their home in San Francisco .
They invited a special guest , Paul Addis .
The last time I saw Paul was at our Laughing Squid Paradise Lost event in July .
Needless to say a lot has changed in his life since then .
I shot a few photos of Paul , the first photos of him taken since his infamous mug shot .
I also offered Paul the chance to say something on video .
Up until now , he has only spoken about the “ incident ” in print and on the radio .
I did not ask any questions , I just turned the camera on and let Paul speak his mind .
In the video , Paul talks about what he wants to do with the last 30 seconds of his 15 minutes of fame .
The Cacophony Society page on Tribe. net has been renamed to Free Burning Man Society .
People have been uploading a bunch of great photoshopped images related to the early burn and Paul Addis .
It reminds me of some of the great parody art that emerged from the borg9 movement back in 2005 .
It has been a week since the early burning of Burning Man and aside from a press release issued that same day , the organizers of the event have remained silent on the issue , while the media , blogs , mailing lists and online forums have been endlessly discussing it .
However Burning Man has announced their 2008 art theme : “ American Dream ”
A Wikipedia page has been created for Paul Addis .
Of course , there is a lively discussion going on about the notability of Paul and the page has already been deleted once , with the deletion being contested .
Kitten Calfee sent us a statement regarding the suicide at Burning Man on Thursday morning .
He was part of the Comfort & Joy theme camp where a man decided to end his life by hanging himself .
“ Burnt Out ” , a wonderful online comic by Carol Way about the early burn , was published in Salon on September 11th .
While at Burning Man , Eddie Codel and Pava did an interview Ranger Sasquatch asking him what he thought about Paul Addis .
Sasquatch was previously quoted in an article by the San Francisco Chronicle .
Steve Fritz , a photographer from Portland who has been shooting Burning Man since 2000 , was taking some long exposure photos of Burning Man during the eclipse right before it caught on fire .
Later when he looked at one of his photos , he noticed a man with face paint at the foot of the Burning Man sculpture .
Danger Ranger has posted about this as well over on Flickr .
Somebody has setup a Paul Addis Burning SuperPack auction on eBay .
Included Item in the Paul Addis Super Stockpile : A Gonzo poster , signed by the artist .
Show information : http://www.gonzoduke.com
Paul ’s gas can .
Covered in unmistakable playa dust , and sporting a sexy Squidlist sticker , this gas can will be emptied before shipped .
An unopened box of Ivory Snow .
Napalm is so clean , really .
No extra charge for playa dust .
A small piece of the burned man… signed .
A small piece of the Man – rebuilt with heroic effort and erected once again on Thursday morning .
Paul ’s Black Rock city “ Green Man ” map .
The infamous mugshot … one of the shots actually distributed on the Playa in an effort to prevent Paul from returning after he was released on Tuesday … signed .
The receipt for Paul ’s Bail .
Burning Man ’a official posting regarding the alleged arson .
The jail I.D. from the September 11th arrest .
The jail I.D. from the September 12th arrest .
A personal effects envelope … sporting the hair - raising date of infamy .
( 9/11 ) A smaller envelope for cash …empty .
Paul ’s San Francisco Prisoner Orientation ManuaL … signed .
Can Superman Save Burning Man ?
Burning Man has posted an update to their website : “ ’07 Bman Arsonist To Be Arraigned In Pershing County ”
On August 28 , 2007 , at approximately 2:58 AM , an arsonist set fire to the Burning Man figure in Black Rock City , Nevada , during the height of full lunar eclipse .
The figure was extinguished , but not before it sustained significant damage , and it was deemed unsafe to keep it in place for the remainder of the event .
The Burning Man event continued , and the figure was rebuilt in 3 days , to be burned again — at the appointed hour — on Saturday night , surrounded by Black Rock City ’s more than 47,000 participants who had come to witness its immolation .
One man was arrested in conjunction with the unscheduled burning , Paul Addis , 35 , of San Francisco , California .
Addis was booked into the Pershing County , Nevada jail on suspicion of arson , illegal possession of fireworks , destruction of property and resisting a public officer , according to the sheriff ’s department .
He posted a $ 25,632 bond and was released .
Addis ’ arraignment on these charges was scheduled for September 25 , 2007 , at the Pershing County courthouse .
Burning Man has and will continue to cooperate fully with the authorities in this investigation in pursuit of justice for the perpetrator (s ) of this act .
In the meantime , we are grateful to the entire community , including the hardworking Burning Man staff and volunteers , for their support and participation during the unscheduled fire and destruction , its aftermath , and later , the eventual rebuilding of our event ’s namesake figure .
Having weathered this unexpected experience together , the final sentence of our mission statement rings truer than ever in the afterglow of Burning Man 2007 : “ We will always burn the Man . ”
San Francisco author and journalist Erik Davis has written a two part , in - depth analysis of this year ’s early burn :
“ Burning Men , Part One : Chaosmos ”
“ Burning Men , Part Two : The Order of Things ”
A preliminary hearing for the charges against Paul Addis has been set for October 4th .
Current did an interview with Paul : “ Early Burner Man ”
On Sunday , October 28th 2007 Paul Addis was arrested for allegedly planning to set fire to Grace Cathedral in San Francisco .
Selling Real Estate in Euros
Buying opportunities if you buy in Euros , with Nick Spanos , Bapple founder / realtor
What 's needed to discourage illegal immigration into the United States has been known for years : Enforce existing law .
Amazingly , that is happening now – to some degree .
This trend may already be shrinking the flood across the Mexican border and have a modest positive impact on job prospects for " native born " Americans during the present economic slump .
Immigration prosecutions reached an all - time high in March , reports the Trans­actional Records Access Clearinghouse ( TRAC ) , a data research and distribution group at Syracuse University in New York .
Using data from the Justice Department , it calculates that prosecutions were up 49 percent from February and 72.7 percent from March of last year .
This highly unusual surge is filling up US detention centers and jails .
March prosecutions numbered 9,360 .
That 's small compared to the estimated 12 million undocumented immigrants in the US .
Nonetheless , " It 's working , " says Mark Krikorian , executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , a Washington think tank that would like immigration levels reduced considerably .
The hike in prosecutions stems from an expansion of " Operation Streamline " last year by the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) .
Under the effort , undocumented aliens caught by border guards are no longer simply steered into " air - conditioned buses , " as Mr. Krikorian puts it , and driven back across the border to try crossing again .
Instead , they are charged with crimes and detained .
The most common charge is " reentry of a deported alien . "
But there are at least nine other crimes , including entry of an alien at an improper time or place .
The result is detention until trial , usually before US Magistrate Courts .
A typical sentence is one month , and then " removal . "
That time under detention , DHS hopes , will deter these aliens from trying again and discourage others from even trying .
Border crossings have plunged , especially in areas where those caught are put into lockups .
Border patrol apprehensions along the Mexican border were down 17 percent to 347,372 between October 2007 and March 2008 , compared with the same period a year previous .
In addition to the border measures , immigration officials have stepped up well - publicized raids on meatpacking firms and other companies hiring undocumented workers .
States , including Arizona , also have been cracking down on employers of illegal immigrants , a crime often harder to prove in court than illegal border crossing .
Krikorian guesses that in the past , 800,000 to 900,000 illegal immigrants successfully entered the US every year , and about 400,000 left voluntarily or were deported each year – a net growth of about 500,000 illegal immigrants a year .
If current moves to restrain illegal immigration trim that growth by 100,000 to 200,000 immigrants , it should have some effect on the nation 's labor supply , notes University of Chicago economist Jeffrey Grogger .
He 's coauthor of a paper calculating that a 10 percent increase in the supply of a particular skill group caused by higher immigration prompted a reduction in the wages of similarly low - skilled black men by 4 percent between 1960 and 2000 , lowered their employment rate by a huge 3.5 percentage points , and increased their incarceration rate by almost a full percentage point .
So , presumably , fewer low - skilled immigrants could gradually induce more work for low - skilled native Americans .
The weaker economy and labor market should also prove less of a draw for immigrants , mostly undocumented ones , over the next year or two , cutting the flow by " several hundred thousand " per year , reckons a new study by four economists with Goldman Sachs , a prominent Wall Street investment bank .
That would reduce labor - force growth by 0.2 to 0.3 percentage points compared with the growth rate in the past few years – and thus the potential for greater economic growth .
The Goldman Sachs economists would welcome an increase in the flow of immigrants as a way to absorb the excess inventory of homes troubling the housing industry , and mitigate the " incipient pressures on the federal budget due to the impending retirement of the baby boom generation . "
But a study by Northeastern University 's Center for Labor Market Studies in Boston attributes the " unprecedented " levels of legal , illegal , and temporary immigration as a factor underlying the " devastation " in the job scene for America 's teens and young adults over the past seven years .
That 's especially the case for males with no schooling beyond high school and youths from low - income families .
Summer seasonal jobs as a proportion of all jobs are at the lowest level now in the past 30 years .
From Conservapedia
There is much good advice that can be given to teenagers and people in their 20s and 30s .
But the best advice of all is this : marry a conservative .
Benefits include :
freedom from sexually transmitted diseases and their harm ( including most infertility )
fidelity in marriage and accountability
lack of hostility to faith , no censorship of prayer
frugality and freedom from burdens of big spending and debt
respect for the Ten Commandments and opposition to deceit
respect for a work ethic , and rejection of an entitlement mentality
appreciates the importance of a conservative culture in raising children
no confusion over who is the homemaker and who is the breadwinner ; recognizing the benefits of division of labor
recognizing that values do matter and do have serious consequences
having values powerful enough to overcome addiction , such as drinking , gambling , pornography , obesity and smoking
freedom from the liberal media and Hollywood values , and their misguided promotions and fads
a relationship where issues and problems can be openly discussed , free from the ideological shackles of Liberal beliefs , Liberal denial and political correctness .
[ 1 ] True Case Studies
Example One
Ralph was a conservative who attended a graduate school having a predominantly liberal culture .
There he fell in love with a woman who was quite liberal and held a very different set of values .
He married her , but within six months he realized he had made a mistake , and within a year filed for divorce .
However , Ralph belonged to a church that does not accept divorce , and it took him another four grueling years to obtain an annulment .
What became the worst experience of his life could have been avoided had he realized the benefits of marrying a conservative .
Example Two
Suzy was attractive , and promiscuous .
Joe , a conservative , liked Suzy and was impressed by her ability to excel at a top college and even succeed at a good graduate school .
Joe decided it did not matter if Suzy did not share his conservative values , and Joe married Suzy .
For the next 25 years Joe tried with Suzy to have children , without success .
What caused the infertility can never be known with certainty , but it is known that about half of promiscuous people carry sexually transmitted diseases , and that these diseases can cause infertility . [ 2 ]
Example Three
Beth was a conservative woman who liked Bob , a liberal man .
Beth put her reservations aside and married Bob , and then gave Bob the best 30 years of her life .
Beth had children with Bob and raised them to college .
Then , around age 50 , Bob decided he'd like to date younger women .
He divorced Beth against her wishes , and now she lives alone .
Bob 's actions were consistent with the Hollywood values he preferred .
Beth 's actions in staying with Bob and raising the children during her younger years were consistent with her conservative values .
But now Bob is happy , while Beth is not .
Example Four
Elizabeth was a smart liberal who knew she would be better off marrying a conservative than a liberal like herself .
She found one in Stan , a conservative who was a very hard worker and who did not have the luxury of time to develop the social skills that Elizabeth had .
Stan 's circle of friends and acquaintances were limited , and he thought all women were liberal .
He married Elizabeth thinking that all women were liberal like her .
For the next thirty years Elizabeth censored Stan 's conservative comments , interfered with his conservative activities , and caused problems for Stan at every political turn .
But Stan thought all women were that way , and rarely complained .
Tragically , Elizabeth became sick and died .
Stan then remarried , this time to a conservative woman whom he did not even realize existed .
For the rest of his life Stan marveled at how different — and better — his life was .
Example Five
Kate was a conservative woman who fell in love with Bill , a liberal man .
Bill convinced her to marry him despite her parents ' strong objections .
Ten years later , Kate began to suffer from strange bouts of lethargy and sickness .
Several trips to the doctor were unable to find a cause , until he performed a blood test .
It turned out that Kate had AIDS .
She confronted Bill who admitted that he considered himself bisexual and had been involved in several homosexual affairs while married to Kate .
He was tested as well , and also was HIV positive , but the disease had not progressed to AIDS .
Kate divorced and is now forced to take a battery of medications to delay the inevitable .
Example Six
John attended a Conservative college , where he met Nancy , who attended a liberal college in the same city .
The two dated , and developed strong feelings for one another , despite their large differences in their values .
Nancy , an atheist , convinced John that she loved him , and that he loved her .
Having expected it from her earlier , more liberal , boyfriends , Nancy convinced John to have pre-marital sex , despite his misgivings .
They used contraception , but being imperfect , it failed , and Nancy became pregnant .
John then proposed to Nancy and the two were soon married .
John finished college and got a good job , while Nancy dropped out and raised their son .
Like many liberal college students , [ 3 ]
Nancy was a drug user , and had drug - dealer friends .
These people had frequent access to John and Nancy 's apartment .
One day , while John and Nancy were on vacation , Nancy 's drug - dealing " friends " let themselves in and stole nearly everything they owned .
They even used their bank records to empty their accounts .
When Nancy realized what happened , and who was responsible , she tried to make it look like a random break - in , rather than an inside job .
She was sloppy , however , and the police were quick to realize her complicity after the fact .
Nancy went to jail for several months , while John lost his job because sensitive papers he had brought home were stolen in the robbery .
Completely destitute and without a job , John took his son and moved in with his parents .
John divorced Nancy while she was still incarcerated .
He met a nice conservative woman who he started to date , and , with a good work ethic , slowly began to put his life back together .
If Neopets freezes your account , you lose all of the progress you 've made with your Neopet ( and all of the prizes and Neopoints you 've earned ) .
Image courtesy Neopets , Inc .
Like any online community , Neopets has had to deal with malcontents , swindlers and cheaters .
The company 's response efforts involve two tactics : education and account freezing .
Neopets maintains a Wall of Shame , a page that describes some of the more common frauds and schemes .
There are also members who act as self - appointed " Newbie Guardians , " helping new players avoid pitfalls and problems .
Account freezing is the Neopian death sentence .
Neopets responds to almost any suspicious behavior by freezing the account permanently .
The user can always create a new one , but all Neopoints , items and other benefits associated with the old account are lost forever .
Longtime players with a lot of time invested in their pets are understandably terrified of this punishment , especially since freezes occasionally seem to happen arbitrarily , or because the user violated site rules inadvertently .
For example , sometimes in - game events allow players to visit a certain page once per day to collect a rare item .
On several occasions , a bug allowed players to get the item multiple times per day .
Players who got the item more than once , even if they did n't know it was a bug , or just forgot that they already got one that day , had their accounts frozen .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Neopets scams are similar to most Internet phishing scams that try to steal information .
Instead of bank account numbers , these scams focus on getting account passwords or the e-mail address associated with an account .
While the scams take many forms , they can all be avoided by following one simple rule -- never give out your account password to anyone for any reason .
The other big problem with Neopia is one that has parents and consumer advocates worried .
Neopets aims their marketing efforts directly at children who may not be old enough to understand the difference between a game and an advertisement .
Immersive Advertising places corporate - sponsored games right next to unsponsored ones .
The site added a " This Page Contains Paid Advertisements " disclaimer near the bottom of pages in response to complaints .
However , the disclaimer appears on just about every page at the Neopets site , so it does n't really help kids determine what is an ad and what is n't .
Neopets also bowed to pressure after a flap over gambling games .
Parents were upset that young children were learning to gamble by playing games similar to those found in casinos .
Since then , accounts held by users under age 13 do not have access to any gambling - themed games .
However , there is no verification process to prevent a child under age 13 to create an account and say they are actually 18 .
According to Neopets , keeping kids safe is a high priority .
They have monitors who keep an eye on chat rooms and message boards 24 hours a day , removing offensive language and making sure kids are n't posting personal information or falling prey to online predators .
Neopets also follows Children 's Advertising Review Unit ( CARU ) guidelines .
In the next section , we 'll explore Neopets ' connection to the Church of Scientology .
The challenges facing Sen. Barack Obama as he tries to woo supporters of former rival Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton could pale in comparison with Sen.
John McCain 's troubles with female voters - if the voices of a growing number of prominent Republican women are any indication .
" I can not see a more counterproductive candidate for women , " said Jillian Manus - Salzman , a leading California Republican activist and generous GOP donor in the nation 's most populous state , an ATM for presidential campaigns .
" I can not vote for McCain . "
Susan Eisenhower - granddaughter of former GOP President Dwight Eisenhower and a Washington , D.C. - based expert on foreign policy and national security issues - said Wednesday she is backing Obama over McCain because the Democrat has shown more understanding of how the Iraq war , the economy and other key issues affect women 's daily lives .
And Harriet Stinson , the 82 - year - old founder of Bay Area - based Republicans for Choice , said that - after 60 years of Republican registration - she has finally reregistered as a Democrat .
" I could n't take it anymore , " she said , arguing that on issues like funding birth control and support of sex education , McCain " could n't be worse . "
Competing voices
The comments come as Michelle Obama gets high - profile face time on television 's " The View " this week , talking up family matters , and former Hewlett - Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina , acting in recent days as surrogate - in - chief for GOP candidate McCain , is promoting his support among female voters .
Much attention has focused in recent weeks on the discontent of leading Democratic women who supported Clinton , including Susie Tompkins Buell - one of the Democratic Party 's most generous and influential donors .
The San Francisco - based entrepreneur has warned that many of Clinton 's female supporters are absolutely not ready to support Obama , the party 's presumed presidential nominee .
Buell has led a vocal group of women behind a political action committee called WomenCount ( www.womencountpac.com), which plans a new campaign of full - page newspaper ads to address what she calls lingering concern regarding the party 's disengagement with older women during and after Clinton 's historic race as the first major female candidate for president .
Such efforts underscore how women are considered the must - have vote in the contest between McCain and Obama , said Barbara O'Connor , professor of political communication at Cal State Sacramento , " especially in a close election , because there are more of them , and they vote more regularly . "
O'Connor said the disappointment of Clinton Democratic women is understandable - but unlikely to last for long .
Baby Boomer women " wanted to vote for a woman as president before they died , " she said .
But " when they calm down , they 'll take a look at McCain 's position on choice , on drilling the California coast ... and I can't believe these Democratic women activists will entrust their future to John McCain .
" While McCain is refreshing compared to his peers , and a solid citizen on his values ... he 's really a Republican in his heart on social issues .
And that 's going to drive the average soccer mom around the bend , " O'Connor said .
Ellen Malcolm , who heads the Democratic pro-choice Emily 's List , the nation 's largest political action committee , said her group is one of many that will educate women to McCain 's positions on issues like judicial appointments and offshore oil drilling .
' Common ground '
" Hillary supporters will find tremendous common ground with Barack Obama , " said Malcolm , a Clinton backer .
" He believes what they believe .
John McCain believes what George Bush believes . "
Stinson said GOP women must ask critical questions of their candidate .
" If McCain is so against abortion , " she asks , " why does he oppose all the measures needed to reduce the need for it - making insurance companies cover contraceptives , federal funding for birth control and comprehensive sex education ? "
Some major Democratic Party donors , like philanthropist Eleni Tsakopoulos - Kounalakis - president of Sacramento - based AKT Development Corp . who has written checks to Clinton since her first Senate race in 2000 - say that even for some Democrats , the idea of getting behind Obama was " hard , no question about it . "
But she has come around , she says , and she believes many women , Republican and Democratic alike , will follow suit .
" After many days of feeling very sad , " the Democratic insider said she went online this week and did what was once unthinkable - " maxed out , " writing the maximum donation to Obama 's presidential campaign .
Fiorina , in recent events , has tried to stress McCain 's sympathy and connection with Clinton and her female supporters .
" Having started as a secretary and eventually becoming a CEO , I not only have great admiration and respect for Hillary Clinton , and her candidacy and leadership , but I also have great empathy , I must tell you , for what she went through , " Fiorina said .
" I also believe , though , if we are striving for a gender - blind , color - blind society , that we really ought to be focused on the person that we think will make the right judgments ... that person is John McCain . "
Move toward Obama
Manus - Salzman said she has n't yet endorsed Obama , but she will not be surprised if Republican women begin writing checks and openly expressing their support .
" I would have had a hard time selling Republican women on Hillary Clinton , " she said .
" But selling Republican women on Barack Obama is a whole different story . "
" They do n't see him as a partisan , " she said .
" My instinct , as a woman , is that this is a truly special person who respects women , who will listen to our voice and use women to rejuvenate and resurrect this country . "
John McCain on abortion --
" I 'd love to see a point where ( Roe vs. Wade ) is irrelevant , and could be repealed because abortion is no longer necessary .
But certainly in the short term , or even the long term , I would not support repeal Roe vs .
Wade , which would then force X number of women in America to ( undergo ) illegal and dangerous operations . "
McCain said he would support legislation banning abortions in the third trimester .
- Interview with The Chronicle , Aug. 20 , 1999 -- " After a lot of study , a lot of consultation and a lot of prayer , I came up with a position that I believe there should be an exception for rape , incest or the life of a mother ... ( the issue ) is one of the most difficult and agonizing issues that I think all of us face , because of our belief - yours and mine - that life begins at conception . "
- Reported in the New York Times , Jan. 22 , 2000 -- " John McCain believes Roe v.
Wade is a flawed decision that must be overturned , and as president he will nominate judges who understand that courts should not be in the business of legislating from the bench . "
- McCain for President Web site
Somewhere between my 250th Lolcat and 700th Demotivational Poster , I learned something .
There 's really only 10 bloggers on the internet that actually come up with new content , everyone simply copies what was already posted .
Maybe it 's just me , I use Digg , Reddit , Mixx , and StumbleUpon regularly .
So that means that I 'm going to see the same story 4 times , but that 's not the case .
The problem is that if I saw an article on Digg that peaked my interest , I would click it , and then likely Digg it .
Then I would start browsing reddit and look , someone linked to a page again , so I make sure I give it an up score .
After a day or so , people will start giving thumbs up to this page as they 're visiting it from Digg or Reddit and this will cause me to Stumble upon the page , which I will likely give a thumbs up to .
This is where it gets bad .
Most bloggers want to drive traffic to their page , so what they will do is hop on to the newest internet fad , if it 's a Youtube video , they 'll post it , if its an article , they will link it .
They will then have their page submitted to SU and I will end up stumbling it again , only days later .
I came to this discovery a few months back when the cartoonist that was drawing the pictures that started out to look NSFW and then transformed it into a normal picture .
I swear I stumbled it about 15 times in 2 days , it was on EVERY humor blog .
The on top of that , it made it 's way to the top of every video page .
If someone can point me in the direction of a good humor blog that creates their own content instead of ripping it off , please let me know .
I 'll subscribe to that RSS feed so fast , your head will spin ...
Over the past few weeks , I ’ve increasingly heard of spam and abuse problems originating in Amazon EC2 .
This has culminated in a blog post yesterday by Brian Krebs at the Washington Post :
It took me by surprise this weekend to discover that that mounds of porn spam and junk e-mail laced with computer viruses are actively being blasted from digital real estate leased to [ Amazon ] .
He goes on to discuss how EC2 space is now actively blocked by Outblaze , and has been listed by Spamhaus in their PBL list .
A spokesperson for Amazon said :
“ We have a clear acceptable use policy and whenever we have received a complaint of spam or malware coming through Amazon EC2 , we have moved swiftly to strictly enforce the use policy by network isolating ( or even terminating ) any offending instances , ” Kinton said .
She added that Amazon has since taken action against the EC2 systems hosting the [ malware ] .
However as Seth Breidbart noted in the comments , ‘ note that Amazon will terminate the instance .
That means that the spammer just creates another instance , which gets a new IP address , and continues spamming . ’
True enough — as described , instance termination simply is n’t good enough .
My recommendations :
as John Levine noted , it ’s likely that Amazon need to treat EC2 - originated traffic similarly to how an ISP treats their DSL pools — filtering outbound traffic for nastiness , in particular rate - limiting port 25 / tcp connections on a per-customer basis , so that an instance run by ( or infiltrated by ) a spammer cannot produce massive quantities of spam before it is detected and cut off .
However , I ’m not talking about blocking port 25 / tcp outbound entirely .
That ’s not appropriate — an EC2 instance is analogous to a leased colo box in a server farm , and not being able to send mail from our instances would really suck for EC2 users ( like myself and my employers ) .
It would help if there were a way to look up customer IDs from the IP address of the EC2 nodes they ’re using — either via WHOIS or through rDNS .
Even an opaque customer ID string would allow anti-abuse teams to correlate a single customer ’s activity as they cycle through EC2 instances .
This would allow those teams to deal with the reputation of Amazon ’s customers , instead of Amazon ’s own rep , analogous to how “ traditional ” hosters use SWIP to publicize their reassignments of IPs between their customers .
There ’s some more discussion buried in a load of knee - jerking on the NANOG thread .
Here ’s a few good snippets :
Jon Lewis : ‘ I got the impression the only thing Amazon considers abuse is use of their servers and not paying the bill .
If you ’re a paying customer , you can do whatever you like . ’ ( ouch . )
Ken Simpson : ‘ IMHO , Amazon will eventually be forced to bifurcate their EC2 IP space into a section that is for “ newbies ” and a section for established customers .
The newbie space will be widely black - listed , but will also have a lower rate of abuse complaint enforcement .
The only scalable way to deal with a system like EC2 is to provide clear demarcations of where the crap is likely to originate from . ’
Bill Herrin : ‘ From an address - reputation perspective EC2 is no different than , say , China .
Connections from China start life much closer to my filtering threshold that connections from Europe because a far lower percentage of the connections from China are legitimate .
EC2 will get the same treatment . ’
There ’s also an earlier thread here .
Anyway , this issue is on fire — Amazon need to get the finger out and deal with it quickly and effectively , before EC2 does start to run into widespread blocks .
I ’m already planning migration of our mail - sending components off of EC2 ; we ’re already seeing blocks of mail sent from it , and it ’s looking likely that these will increase . :(
( It ’s worth noting that a block of EC2 ’s netblocks today will produce a load of false positives , mainly on transactional mail , if you ’re contemplating it .
So I would n’t recommend it .
But a lot of sites are willing to accept a few FPs , it seems . )
He spent much of his life drilling for oil , taking over other companies and using his vast wealth to fund Republicans .
Now , T. Boone Pickens champions wind energy , has a Facebook profile and passes the time with grateful Democrats .
On Tuesday , the legendary oil tycoon made his Capitol Hill debut to promote his new cause : using American wind to alleviate the nation ’s energy crisis and wean itself from dependency on foreign oil .
He testified before a Senate committee and held meetings with Democratic leaders , calling on lawmakers to take a stand .
For Pickens , 80 , it ’s not a complete turnabout .
For instance , he has n’t apologized for funding the infamous Swift Boat attack ads in 2004 against the Democratic presidential campaign of Sen. John F. Kerry .
But he is spending $ 58 million to advance what he calls “ the Pickens Plan ” to the country and its leaders .
Advertisement
“ The American people have not been asked to do what needs to be done , ” he said .
“ I ’m going to awaken the American people and they ’re going to see what they ’re up against .
When they walk out of the room , they ’re going to turn off the lights .
. . .
We ’re going to become much more sensitive to energy in the country , and that ’s good . ”
Democrats have welcomed their new friend .
In Pickens , they see a powerful political example -- a billionaire oilman who does n’t view drilling for more oil as the solution to the nation ’s energy problems .
Pickens said Tuesday that he does n’t oppose offshore drilling , a chief Bush administration proposal .
But there are n’t enough U.S. oil reserves to solve the nation ’s energy problems , he said .
Pickens ’ plan is a blueprint to harness domestic energy alternatives .
It calls for investing in enough wind turbines to provide 20 % of the nation ’s energy and reducing oil imports by a third in 10 years .
Advertisement
He joined senators in calling for political leadership on innovative energy solutions .
“ President Kennedy said we were going to put a man on the moon in 10 years , and by golly , we did , ” said Sen. George V. Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) .
Chris Namovicz , a research analyst at the Energy Information Administration , said more than bold political leadership is required .
It ’s unclear , for example , how much tax credit or other government assistance would be needed .
“ One would hope there would be an examination of the costs and the benefits of pursuing this goal , ” Namovicz said .
Advertisement
Pickens ’ star power and advertising have provided renewed interest in wind energy .
Randall Swisher , executive director of the American Wind Energy Assn. , said the energy industry was seeing a fundamental change because of fuel costs , concern over national security and global warming .
“ We certainly support his vision , ” Swisher said .
“ This country is going to be in a world of hurt if we do n’t go beyond business as usual in how we ’re dealing with our energy problems . ”
Pickens ’ hedge fund , BP Capital , invests in several natural gas companies , and he sits on the board of Clean Energy Fuels Corp. , the continent ’s largest provider of vehicular natural gas .
He is also building a multibillion - dollar wind farm in Texas .
Advertisement
But Pickens said his motives are patriotic .
“ I only have one enemy , and that ’s foreign oil , ” he said .
“ I ’m first an American , and second an oilman . ”
--
vimal.patel@latimes.com
Gabrielle Union Has Her Summer Groove On ( Photos )
, 35 , is an actress and former model .
Her most notable role was as a cheerleader oppositein Bring it On .
Her latest body of work on the big screen is the newly released flick Meet Dave , which premiered in L.A. last week .
Eddie Murphy blew off the special July 9th showing .
Eddie must have had a premonition because the film bombed at the boxoffice over the weekend , making a dismal $ 5 million and falling well back in the pack in seventh spot .
The actress is currently filming Cadillac Records .
The movie stars Emmanuelle Chriqui , Adrien Brody and Beyonce .
It is a period piece that chronicles the rise and fall of the R&B record label Chess Records .
Union was photographed on Friday attending the 12th Annual Zo's Summer Groove benefit dinner at the Intercontinental Hotel in Miami , Florida .
The event proceeds go to Alonzo Mourning Charities and Wade 's World Foundation .
These organizations fund youth enrichment programs for children in South Florida .
Union 's tie to Florida was her marriage to NFL player Chris Howard of the Jacksonville Jaguars .
The couple divorced in April 2006 .
Union posed for Allure 's Look Better Naked photo shoot .
Check out the sexy photos of Gabrielle below .
Photos : WENN
" The surge is not working , " Obama 's old plan stated , citing a lack of Iraqi political cooperation but crediting Sunni sheiks - not U.S. military muscle - for quelling violence in Anbar Province .
The News reported Sunday that insurgent attacks have fallen to the fewest since March 2004 .
Obama 's campaign posted a new Iraq plan Sunday night , which cites an " improved security situation " paid for with the blood of U.S. troops since the surge began in February 2007 .
It praises G.I.s ' " hard work , improved counterinsurgency tactics and enormous sacrifice . "
For many months , the propaganda line that explosively formed projectiles ( EFPs ) that could penetrate U.S. armored vehicles were coming straight from Iran has been embraced publicly by the entire George W. Bush administration .
But when that argument was proposed internally by military officials in January 2007 , it was attacked by key administration officials as unsupported by the facts .
Vice President Dick Cheney was able to get around those objections and get his Iranian EFP line accepted only because of arrangements he and Bush made with Gen. David Petraeus before he took command of U.S. forces in Iraq .
The initial draft of the proposed military briefing on the issue of EFPs , which asserted flatly that EFPs were being manufactured and smuggled to Iraqi Shi’ite groups directly by the Iranian regime , was met with unanimous objection from the State Department , Defense Department , and the National Security Council ( NSC ) staff , as administration officials themselves stated publicly .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , and National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley tried to push back against Cheney ’s proposed line because they recognized it as an effort to go well beyond the compromise policy toward Iran that had been worked out in December and early January .
The compromise policy had been to focus on networks working on procuring EFPs within Iraq and not to target Iran as directly responsible .
At his regular press briefing on Jan. 24 , 2007 , Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs and Department Spokesman Sean McCormack revealed the primary basis for the State , Defense , and NSC opposition to the Cheney line on EFPs .
Asked whether the U.S. government had any evidence that EFPs were manufactured in Iran , McCormack did not answer directly but said , " You do n’t necessarily have to construct something in Iran in order for it to be a threat to the U.S. or British troops from the Iranian regime .
There are lots of different ways you can do that .
You can bring the know - how .
You can train other people in Iraq to do that . "
McCormack thus revealed that the State Department was n’t buying the accusation that Iran was manufacturing EFPs and sending them to the Shi’ite forces of Moqtada al - Sadr ’s Mahdi Army fighting against U.S. forces .
On Feb. 2 , while briefing the news media on the new National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq , Hadley asserted bluntly that the draft military briefing that had been circulated in Washington had not been based on evidence .
" The truth is , quite frankly , we thought the briefing was overstated , " said Hadley .
" We sent it back to get it narrowed and focused on the facts . "
Hadley did not tell reporters which points in the draft briefing paper had not been based on the evidence , but the remarks by McCormack and Gates were clear indications that the briefing had made claims of Iranian manufacturing of weapons and smuggling them into Iraq that could not be supported .
Hadley further revealed that he , Gates , and Rice had tried to use the imminence of a National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq to force the issue of the briefing ’s exaggerated claims .
The briefing , he said was " an attempt to address some of the issues in the NIE in a briefing on intelligence of Iranian activity in Iraq .
And we thought , hey , why are we doing this ? "
He said he and his associates wanted a briefing that " we ’re confident everyone can stand behind . "
The national security adviser was implying that the proposed briefing was not supported by the NIE on Iraq , and that the drafters would therefore have to redraft it so that the intelligence community could support it .
Hadley did n’t say who he meant by " we , " but Gates told reporters the same day that he and Rice had joined Hadley in ensuring that the planned briefing " is dominated by facts . "
The declassified version of the NIE ’s main conclusions indicated that it did not support the claim that Iran was exporting EFPs to the Mahdi Army .
The only sentence that related to the issue was , " Iranian lethal support for select groups of Iraqi Shia militants clearly intensifies the conflict in Iraq . "
But in the absence of any language alleging Iranian EFP manufacture and export to Iraq , that phrase appears to be a reference to training of Mahdi Army officers .
Hadley , Rice , and Gates thus appeared to believe that the briefing would have to reflect the NIE , and that they would be able to review the revised version before it was presented to the press .
On Feb. 9 , State Department spokesman McCormack said , " [ W ] hen the working - level folks at the deputies level produce a presentation that they are comfortable with , I am sure that they ’ll share it with Secretary Rice , Secretary Gates , and Steve Hadley over at the NSC just for review . "
But Cheney had a surprise for the opponents of his hard line on Iran .
When White House spokeswoman Dana Perino was asked on Feb. 9 about when the briefing would be held , she replied , " Decisions on that are being made out in Baghdad . "
That announcement came just as Gen. George W. Casey was to be replaced by Gen. Petraeus as the new commander .
Petraeus had only arrived in Iraq the day before and the changeover ceremony came on Feb. 10 .
The day after the ceremony , three military officers presented a briefing to the press which not only asserted that the EFPs could only have been manufactured in Iran but that Iran ’s Quds Force was behind the smuggling of those weapons into Iraq .
They strongly suggested , moreover , that the Iranian government knew about the smuggling .
Cheney had used the compliant Petraeus to do an end - run around the national security bureaucracy .
Petraeus had already reached an agreement with the White House to take Cheney ’s line on the EFPs issue and to present the briefing immediately without consulting State or Defense
State and Defense tried to counter this maneuver .
McCormack argued , rather lamely , that the briefing had really been about " a threat to our troops from these devices and from the networks that supply them . "
And the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Peter Pace , responded by saying that he could not " from his own knowledge " confirm the assertion that the Quds Force was providing bomb - making kits to Shi’ite insurgents .
The U.S. command in Baghdad temporarily backed away from the briefers ’ charge against Iran .
The command spokesman , Lt. Gen. William B. Caldwell , who had been one of the three military briefers , was forced to tell reporters on Feb. 14 that the purpose of the briefing had been to talk only about the threat to U.S. troops , implying that briefers had gone beyond their brief in making statements about Iranian complicity .
But the hardline position on EFP was the one that dominated press coverage .
Instead of the more cautious line focusing on the EFP networks inside Iraq , which was what State , Defense , and the NSC and agreed to in January , Cheney now had a potential casus belli against Iran .
And Cheney would continue to use his alliance with Petraeus to advance his proposal for an attack on Quds Force bases in Iran .
The very first episode in the Cheney - Petraeus alliance sheds additional light on the nomination of Petraeus to become the new Centcom commander later this year .
( Inter Press Service )
On the Record : Predictions
Discuss these predictions with the predictors themselves .
If you decide you disagree , you can challenge a prediction and turn it into Long Bet .
How Betting Works »
Looking for predictions that challengers have already turned into bets ?
See Bets on the Record !
A statistical measure made up of a group of securities considered to represent a particular market or sector .
There are different indices for almost every sector of the financial markets and economy .
Each index has its own calculation methodology and is usually weighted to ensure it provides an accurate snapshot of the sector or market it is measuring .
For example , the FTSE 100 index is weighted according to market capitalization while the Dow Jones Industrial Average is weighted for price .
These are often used as benchmarks to gauge how well different portfolios are performing .
This definition is for general information purposes only
The Internet Archive , a project to create a digital library of the web for posterity , successfully fought a secret government Patriot Act order for records about one of its patrons and won the right to make the order public , civil liberties groups announced Wednesday morning .
On November 26 , 2007 , the FBI served a controversial National Security Letter ( .pdf ) on the Internet Archive 's founder Brewster Kahle , asking for records about one of the library 's registered users , asking for the user 's name , address and activity on the site .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation , the Internet Archive 's lawyers , fought the NSL , challenging its constitutionality in a December 14 complaint ( .pdf ) to a federal court in San Francisco .
The FBI agreed on April 21 to withdraw the letter and unseal the court case , making some of the documents available to the public .
The Patriot Act greatly expanded the reach of NSLs , which are subpoenas for documents such as billing records and telephone records that the FBI can issue in terrorism investigations without a judge 's approval .
Nearly all NSLs come with gag orders forbidding the recipient from ever speaking of the subpoena , except to a lawyer .
Brewster Kahle called the gag order " horrendous , " saying he could n't talk about the case with his board members , wife or staff , but said that his stand was part of a time - honored tradition of librarians protecting the rights of their patrons .
" This is an unqualified success that will help other recipients understand that you can push back on these , " Kahle said in a conference call with reporters Wednesday morning .
Though FBI guidelines on using NSLs warned of overusing them , two
Congressionally ordered audits revealed that the FBI had issued hundreds of illegal requests for student health records , telephone records and credit reports .
The reports also found that the FBI had issued hundreds of thousands of NSLs since 2001 , but failed to track their use .
In a letter to Congress last week , the FBI admitted it can only estimate how many NSLs it has issued .
The Internet Archive 's case is only the third known court challenge to an NSL , all of which ended with the FBI rescinding the NSL , according to the ACLU 's Melissa Goodman .
" That makes you wonder about the the hundreds of thousands of NSLs that have n't been challenged , " Goodman said , suggesting that the FBI had collected sensitive information on innocent Americans .
The EFF , joined by the ACLU , initially used the letter to challenge the constitutionality of NSLs generally , saying the gag order violates the First Amendment .
They also argued that the specific NSL used was illegal since the Internet Archive is a library , not a communications provider .
The settlement with the government ( . pdf ) puts an end to that challenge and still keeps Kahle and his lawyers from discussing – even in the most general terms – what the FBI was after and what public information the Internet Archive turned over to the FBI .
For instance , the lawyers declined to say what kind of information the target was looking at or uploading – such as animal rights information or Muslim literature .
The ACLU has successfully quashed two other NSLs , including one request to a library system asking for web surfing histories of patrons and another to a small New York hosting provider asking for data about a website it hosted .
The Internet Archive case is only the second time the courts allowed the recipient of a Patriot Act National Security Letter to reveal his or her identity .
In the case of a NSL sent to a small ISP in New York , a judge ruled that the entire NSL statute is unconstitutional because of the gag order , but that ruling is under appeal .
Though the FBI withdrew the request for information on one of the websites the ISP hosted , the target of that letter is still bound by a gag order , though he did write an op -ed for the Washington Post about the experience .
Though Kahle would n't say what the feds were after , he stressed that the Internet Archive stores very little non-public information – only an unverified email address for those who choose to provide it – and does not log IP addresses .
Court documents ( .pdf ) :
See Also :
Photo : Associated Press / Ben Margot
A new feature being introduced in HTML 5 is the addition of custom data attributes .
This is a , seemingly , bizarre addition to the specification – but actually provides a number of useful benefits .
Simply , the specification for custom data attributes states that any attribute that starts with “ data - ” will be treated as a storage area for private data ( private in the sense that the end user ca n’t see it – it does n’t affect layout or presentation ) .
This allows you to write valid HTML markup ( passing an HTML 5 validator ) while , simultaneously , embedding data within your page .
A quick example :
< li class = " user " data - name = " John Resig " data - city = " Boston " data - lang= " js " data - food = " Bacon " > < b> John says :</b> < span >
Hello , how are you ?</ span > </li>
The above will be perfectly valid HTML 5 .
This should be a welcome addition to nearly every JavaScript developer .
The question of the best means of attaching raw data to HTML elements – in a valid manner – has been a long - lingering question .
Frameworks have tried to deal with this in different manners , two solutions being :
Using HTML , but with a custom DTD .
Using XHTML , with a specific namespace .
The addition of this prefix completely routes around both issues ( including any extra markup for validation or needing to be valid XHTML ) with this effective addition .
On top of this a simple JavaScript API is presented to access these attribute values ( in addition to the normal get / setAttribute ) :
var user = document.getElementsByTagName( " li " ) [ 0 ] ; var pos = 0 , span = user.getElementsByTagName( " span " ) [ 0 ] ; var phrases = [ {name : " city " , prefix : " I am from " } , {name : " food " , prefix : " I like to eat " } , {name : " lang " , prefix : " I like to program in " } ] ; user.addEventListener( " click " , function ( ) { var phrase = phrases [ pos++ ] ; //
Use the .dataset property span.innerHTML = phrase.prefix + user.dataset [ phrase.name ] ; } , false ) ;
The .dataset property behaves very similarly to the the .attributes property ( but it only works as a map of key - value pairs ) .
While no browsers have implemented this exact DOM property , it ’s not hugely needed – the above code could be done with the critical line replaced with :
span.innerHTML
= phrase.prefix + user.getAttribute(" data - " + phrase.name ) ;
I think what is most enticing about this whole specification is that you do n’t have to wait for any browser to implement anything in order to begin using it .
By starting to use data- prefixes on your HTML metadata today you ’ll be safe in knowing that it ’ll continue to work well into the future .
The time at which the HTML 5 validator is integrated into the full W3C validator your site will already be compliant ( assuming , of course , you ’re already valid HTML 5 and using the HTML 5 Doctype ) .
He needed a mental health day that 's for sure .
For the first time , a U.S. government agency last week acknowledged " some concern " over the common plastic ingredient bisphenol A ( BPA ) —used to make the polycarbonate and epoxy resins in everything from DVDs to baby bottles .
Three days later , the Canadian government proposed a ban on BPA in baby bottles .
Studies have linked exposure to the chemical — which can rapidly leach out of plastic bottles when they are exposed to a hot liquid — to damage in developing brains and tissues as well as a heightened risk of cancer later in life .
" In most instances , negative effects occur at levels much greater than those we are exposed to .
That is not the case for newborns and infants .
Early development is sensitive to BPA , " Canadian health minister Tony Clement said at a press conference held to announce the proposed ban .
" We have concluded that it is better to be safe than sorry . "
The U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences 's National Toxicology Program ( NTP ) — established in 1978 to coordinate the federal government 's studies of various chemicals ' adverse effects — in a new report warned that " the possibility that bisphenol A may alter human development cannot be dismissed . "
The reason : a growing number of studies show that exposure to low levels of BPA during pregnancy , infancy and early childhood may affect normal development and " sensitivity to onset of disease later in life , most particularly the potential for mammary and prostate cancer , " says NTP associate director John Bucher , a toxicologist .
" Exposure to BPA in utero tends to cause the differences between males and females you typically see to diminish . "
For example , an area of the rat brain associated with fear — the locus coeruleus — is usually larger in females than males .
But males exposed to low levels of BPA — which mimics the hormone estrogen in the body — end up with a female - size locus coeruleus , along with attendant changes in behavior , such as behaving more anxiously .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) found levels of the chemical that cause such effects in mice and rats in 93 percent of 2,157 people between the ages of six and 85 tested in 2004 .
" The doses being used [ in the animal studies ] , " Bucher notes , " are not terribly different from the exposure we 're experiencing at the present time . "
The U.S. 's Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) both consider BPA to be safe based on a handful of studies largely conducted by the chemicals industry .
" How does [ the ] FDA hold on to its position [ that this is safe even after ] it has looked at this literature , which is absolutely , blatantly false ? " says reproductive biologist Fred vom Saal of the University of Missouri - Columbia , who was a member of a 2007 panel convened by the U.S. National Institutes of Health that found cause for concern .
" What [ FDA officials ] mean when they say [ that they believe it is safe ] is they have looked at two corporately funded studies : one discredited and the other not published .
What about the other 698 studies ? "
In the wake of the NTP report , even industry has called on the agency to re-examine BPA to " put to rest " lingering safety questions , according to a letter sent by the American Chemistry Council to FDA Commissioner Andrew von Eschenbach .
The FDA in written statement said it would take " appropriate regulatory action " if new information " indicates that existing data no longer support the continued safe use of these materials . "
An FDA spokesperson declined to discuss the matter further .
BPA has been used in the U.S. and worldwide since the 1950s as an essential building block of the polycarbonate plastic in water bottles as well as in epoxy resins used to line cans to prevent corrosion and food contamination ; more than 2.3 billion pounds ( one billion kilograms ) of BPA are manufactured annually in the U.S. and more than three million metric tons of it are used worldwide in a year .
Chemist Steven Hentges , executive director of the polycarbonate / BPA global group of the American Chemistry Council , insists the chemical does not pose a risk for adults and that it remains unclear whether the amounts to which infants are exposed are enough to cause damage .
The NTP found that , contrary to manufacturers ' previous claims , humans are exposed to significant levels of BPA .
Hentges admits that " there are several studies where there 's limited evidence [ of harm in animals ] , " but adds that he does n't believe " there 's a scientific basis to take action . "
Part of the problem , Bucher says , is that it is not clear exactly how the human body processes BPA .
Scientists believe that it quickly breaks down but there are few studies detailing how the chemical is absorbed , distributed , metabolized and excreted .
" We can't account for the kind of exposures that would be required to result in the blood levels being measured in people , " Bucher says .
In other words , it is not clear whether the levels currently found in Americans tested are due to continuous or short - term exposure to very high levels of BPA — or both .
What is clear is that the basic workings of rat , mouse and human cells ( that allow for the uptake and interaction with BPA ) are identical — and that fetal and developing rats and mice exposed to it are more likely to display brain abnormalities and to develop cancer later in life .
As a result , the Canadian government last week moved to list BPA as a toxic substance and prohibit it from being used in baby bottles .
" This is the most important decision about a single chemical in decades , " Canada 's environment minister John Baird said during the press conference .
" It is an internationally significant decision . "
The Canadian government did not , however , move to ban the epoxy resins that line canned goods , including some infant formula containers in the absence of viable replacements .
" For infant formula cans , there are not alternatives to date to reduce the BPA , " Clement said .
" We will be working with industry to reduce the level of BPA in the lining of cans and find alternative technologies as soon as possible . "
Meantime , Canadian retailers have taken steps to strip all polycarbonate beverage bottles from store shelves in response to consumer demand .
U.S. retailing giant Wal - Mart , which has outlets in Canada , says it plans to stop selling all polycarbonate - laced baby bottles in that country as well as in the U.S. by next year .
Under normal conditions , low levels of BPA leaches into contents from polycarbonate plastic bottles , which can be recognized by the number 7 in the recycling code or the letters PC .
Recent studies show that the chemical leaks at faster rates after a lot of wear and tear or when exposed to hot liquid .
" If this is of concern to parents or pregnant women , then clearly they should use plastics that do n't leach BPA , " Bucher says .
" Do n't mistreat polycarbonate - containing plastics by putting really hot things in them or things that would make migration more rapid . "
Canadian officials say that more studies will be done , including monitoring some 5,000 pregnant women and their babies for BPA exposure levels .
In the U.S. industry , academics and government officials also plan to conduct more research , including analyses of how BPA interacts with the human body and its effects on development in pregnant macaques .
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce is investigating the potential dangers of BPA and how the FDA and manufacturers concluded that it was safe .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D–N.Y. ) said he plans introduce legislation today that would bar companies from using the chemical in baby bottles and other children 's products as well as in food - packaging containers .
So should people be worried ?
" I have trouble answering that question right now , " Bucher says .
" I'm in the camp that is becoming concerned .
More and more information is coming out that there 's cause for concern . "
( CNN ) -- Billionaire oilman T. Boone Pickens is sinking billions of dollars into a new wind farm in Texas .
It is likely to become the biggest in the world , producing enough power for the equivalent of 1.3 million homes .
CNN's Ali Velshi asked the oil legend why he thinks wind could be the answer to this country 's energy problems :
T. Boone Pickens explains his investment in a 4,000 - megawatt wind farm to CNN's Ali Velshi .
Ali Velshi :
Tell me about the wind .
Now , you are buying , for a start , more than 600 wind turbines from General Electric .
You 're going to put them on this big tract of land in Texas , and you 're going to generate a lot of electricity .
What happens to that electricity ?
Tell me where you think you 're going to make your money and how this is going to help the situation in America .
T. Boone Pickens :
Well , that 's the first step to a 4,000 - megawatt wind farm .
This is 1,000 megawatts .
We start receiving those turbines in mid 2010 .
We will have the total 4,000 megawatts finished by the end of 2015 .
That power will go into a transmission line that will tie into the Electric Reliability Council of Texas system in the state of Texas , and it will be transmitted downstate .
Watch why Pickens is willing to spend billions on wind »
Velshi :
What 's your view of wind power ?
It 's one of several things that we should be looking at in terms of powering our homes , electrical power ?
We get most of it from coal and natural gas , and some from nuclear .
Are you thinking it's one of the formats of power we should be thinking about , or is this going to be bigger than we all thought ?
Pickens : The Department of Energy came out with a study in April of '07 that said we could generate 20 percent of our electricity from wind .
And the wind power is -- you know , it 's clean , it 's renewable .
It 's -- you know , it 's everything you want .
And it 's a stable supply of energy .
It will be located in [ the ] central part of the United States , which will be the best from a safety standpoint to be located .
You have a wind corridor that goes from Pampa , Texas , to the Canadian border .
And it has -- the wind , it 's unbelievable that we have not done more with wind .
Look at Germany and Spain .
They have developed their wind way beyond what we have , and they do n't have as much wind as we do .
It 's not unlike the French have done with their nuclear .
They 're 80 percent power generated off of nuclear , we 're 20 percent .
Velshi : I 'm fascinated by wind power .
I love going by a field of these turbines .
And I think they 're fascinating .
You do n't happen to think they 're attractive , and you 're not really putting them on your land .
You 're going to be using other people 's land to put these things on .
Pickens :
That 's right .
And it 's very clear , these are my neighbors .
And they want them .
It generates income for them .
A turbine will generate somewhere around 20,000 [ dollars ] a year in royalty income .
And on a 640 - acre tract , you can put five to 10 of these on the tract .
And you do n't have to have them if you do n't want them .
Velshi :
And it 's quite common that people who maybe have a piece of land , they might be farmers or something like that , this is extra income to them by making a deal with somebody like you who is going put these things up , if they do n't mind having them on the land .
Do they get the electricity from it or do they just get a royalty check ?
Pickens : A royalty check .
But look at Sweetwater , Texas .
That town was 12,000 people , then went down below 10,000 .
The wind came in , it 's above 12,000 in population now .
The local economy is booming .
That can be repeated over and over and over again all the way to the Canadian border .
Then you have a solar corridor that goes from Sweetwater , Texas , west to the West coast , and that solar corridor can also be developed .
But we are going to have to do something different in America .
You can't keep paying out $ 600 billion a year for oil .
All About U.S. Department of Energy • Nuclear Energy
Mr Bentley was found guilty of hijacking home PCs to create a botnet
A hacker who hijacked hundreds of PCs to create a botnet has been sentenced to 41 months in jail by a US court .
Robert Matthew Bentley of Panama City , Florida also faces $ 65,000 ( £ 33,000 ) in fines and will be under supervision for three years on his release .
The hijacked PCs were used to attack other computers and install programs that plagued users with pop-up adverts .
He was caught following an investigation by the Metropolitan Police 's Computer Crime Unit ( CCU ) .
Hack attack
The investigation began in December 2006 after marketing firm Newell Rubbermaid notified the CCU about an intrusion on its network .
The trail led the investigators to Florida where Mr Bentley was using computers to co-ordinate attacks .
He and his accomplices drove so much data through the hijacked Rubbermaid machines that it almost brought the firm 's network to a halt .
The damage cost $ 150,000 ( £ 77,000 ) to put right .
Aiding the investigation were the US Secret Service , FBI , security firm Sophos and other law enforcement agencies .
A botnet is a collection of computers under the remote control of a malicious hacker who then uses them for their own purposes .
Most spam or junk e-mail is thought to be routed through hijacked PCs .
The hacking team were paid for every machine on which they successfully installed the ad-serving software and , according to US Department of Justice , made thousands of dollars out of their series of attacks .
" These computer criminals have no qualms about infecting computers around the world and causing thousands of pounds of damages , " said Bob Burls , from the Metropolitan Police Computer Crime Unit in a statement .
" In their greed , they cause devastating damage to both private and company computers . "
One in eight U.S. high school teachers presents creationism as a valid alternative to evolution , says a poll published in the Public Library of Science Biology .
Of more than 900 teachers who responded to a poll conducted by Penn State University political scientist Michael Berkman and colleagues , 32 percent agreed that creationism and intelligent design should be taught as scientifically unsound .
Forty percent said such explanations are religiously valid but inappropriate for science class .
However , 25 percent said they devoted classroom time to creationism or intelligent design .
Of these , about one - half – 12 percent of all teachers – called creationism a " valid scientific alternative to Darwinian explanations for the origin of species , " and the same number said that " many reputable scientists view these as valid alternatives to Darwinian theory . "
( The full study makes for interesting reading : Evolution and Creationism in America ’s Classrooms : A National Portrait .
Longtime Wired Science readers know that I 'm less bothered than many science writers at the possibility of evolution being under - taught in science and biology courses .
So long as a teacher imparts a sense of wonder and curiosity , the details will follow .
However , teaching creationism or intelligent design alongside evolution , as if religious explanations had even a fraction of the scientific validity of evolution , is unacceptable – it promotes fatally flawed , uncritical thinking .
What to do ?
The study 's authors note that courtroom victories – classroom creationism has consistently been struck down in U.S. courts – is apparently insufficient to guarantee an accurate depiction of evolution .
Nor will rigorous state science standards , like those
recently passed in Florida , do the trick .
Instead they recommend teacher certification requiring the completion of an evolutionary biology course .
Seems like a good idea to me .
A question , Wired Science readers :
What was your own biology education like ?
What did you learn about education , and what were you taught about creationism ?
For those of you with children , what are your kids '
science courses like ?
Image courtesy of dcJohn
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
" Beyond college , my time at CSCS helped me stand out in interviews .
I noticed that many companies were looking for people who could bring new perspectives and ideas to the team .
My complex systems minor helped me stand out from students solely from business or finance backgrounds . "
Level A Conformance to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0
Pages bearing this logo indicate a claim of conformance by the page author or content provider to conformance Level A of the W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 , including all Priority 1 checkpoints defined in the Guidelines .
The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 1.0 explain how to make Web content accessible to people with disabilities .
Conformance to these Guidelines will help make the Web more accessible to users with disabilities and will benefit all users .
Claims are not verified by W3C .
Content providers are solely responsible for the use of these logos .
How to use this logo at your site .
Copyright © 1999 W3C ( MIT , INRIA , Keio ) , All Rights Reserved .
W3C liability , trademark , document use and software licensing rules apply .
Global growth is the leitmotif of our era .
The great economic expansion , now in its fifth decade , has raised living standards worldwide and lifted billions out of poverty .
Yet today , many wonder how long it can last .
The reason : plenty comes at an increasingly high price .
We see it daily in the rising cost of fuel , food and commodities .
Consumers in developed countries fear the return of " stagflation " – inflation coupled with slowing growth or outright recession — while the poorest of the world 's poor no longer can afford to eat .
Meanwhile , climate change and environmental degradation threaten the very future of our planet .
Growing populations and rising wealth place unprecedented stress on the earth 's resources .
Malthus is back in vogue .
Everything seems suddenly in short supply : energy , clean air and fresh water , all that nourishes us and supports our modern ways of life .
As the leaders of the Group of 8 gather in Hokkaido Toyako , we know that these issues affect us all : north and south , large nations and small , rich and poor .
And we know we must find new ways to extend the benefits of the global boom to those who have been left behind , the so - called " bottom billion " .
In dealing with problems of such dimension and complexity , there is only one possible approach : to see them for what they are – as parts of a whole , susceptible to a comprehensive solution .
A big part of that solution should be a " global supply - side response " , as some economists put it , grounded in sustainable development – nations , international financial institutions , the United Nations and its various agencies , working together as one .
Begin with the global food crisis .
It has many causes , among them a failure to give agricultural development the importance it deserves .
What 's needed , in effect , is a second green revolution of the sort than once transformed south - east Asia , this time with a special focus on small farmers in Africa .
With the right mix of programs , there is no reason why productivity cannot be doubled within a relatively short span , easing scarcity worldwide .
We 've seen it happen in Malawi , which with international assistance has gone in a few years from famine to become a food exporter .
In Hokkaido , I will call on G8 nations to triple official assistance for agricultural research and development over the next three to five years .
We must act immediately to get seeds , fertilizers and other agricultural inputs to farmers in vulnerable countries in time for the coming harvests .
And we must encourage nations to eliminate the export restrictions that many placed on foodstuffs this spring , as well as the more long - standing subsidies that many developed nations provide their farmers .
Such artificial barriers distort trade patterns and drive up prices , deepening the immediate crisis and jeopardising global growth .
With climate change , as well , sustainable development figures large in the solution .
Most experts agree that we are nearing the end of cheap energy .
Among our best hopes for cleaner , affordable power is alternative technologies .
Here , too , a new green revolution is underway .
According to a new report by the United Nations Environment Programme , $ 148bn in new funding went into sustainable energy last year , up 60 per cent from 2006 and accounting for 23 per cent of all new power - generating capacity .
Our job , as national and international leaders , is to help guide and accelerate this nascent economic transformation .
We need to change social behavior and consumption patterns throughout the developed world .
And we must help developing countries green their economies by spreading climate - friendly technologies as broadly as possible .
We can take a big step forward in Hokkaido .
Mindful of our responsibilities to the poorest nations most vulnerable to climate change , we must fully fund and operationalise the global Adaptation Fund .
Looking forward to the December climate change summit in Poznan – and beyond that to Copenhagen in 2009 – we must push ahead with negotiations for a comprehensive agreement limiting greenhouse gases .
Above all , we need to inject a sense of urgency and real leadership into this quest .
It is not enough to set goals for 2050 , far down the road .
We also need a middle - term timeline to 2020 if we are serious about promoting change now .
Lastly , Hokkaido will test our commitment to the Millennium Development Goals .
For Africa alone , donors have pledged $ 62bn a year by 2010 .
Those we must help have faces : mothers who die needlessly in childbirth , infants stunted through life because they do not receive adequate nutrition during their first two years .
We promised to help .
Now is the time to do so .
Not in recent memory has the global economy been under such stress .
More than ever , this is the moment to prove that we can cooperate globally to deliver results : in meeting the needs of the hungry and the poor , in promoting sustainable energy technologies for all , in saving the world from climate change – and in keeping the global economy growing .
These are the ties that bind us .
We must act , in Hokkaido and beyond -– not merely because it is the right thing to do , though it is , but because it is in all of our enlightened self - interest .
Ban Ki-moon is secretary general of the UN .
Jean - Pierre Changeux is France ’s most famous neuroscientist .
Though less well known in the United States , he has directed a famous laboratory at the Pasteur Institute for more than thirty years , taught as a professor at the Collège de France , and written a number of works exploring “ the neurobiology of meaning . ”
Aside from his own books , Changeux has published two wide - ranging dialogues about mind and matter , one with the mathematician Alain Connes and the other with the late French philosopher Paul Ricoeur .
Changeux came of age at a fortunate time .
Born in 1936 , he began his studies when the advent both of the DNA age and of high - resolution images of the brain heralded a series of impressive breakthroughs .
Changeux took part in one such advance in 1965 when , together with Jacques Monod and Jeffries Wyman , he established an important model of protein interactions in bacteria , which , when applied to the brain , became crucial for understanding the behavior of neurons .
Since that time , Changeux has written a number of books exploring the functions of the brain .
The brain is of course tremendously complex : a bundle of some hundred billion neurons , or nerve cells , each sharing as many as ten thousand connections with other neurons .
But at its most fundamental level , the neuron , the brain ’s structure is not difficult to grasp .
A large crown of little branches , known as “ dendrites , ” extends above the body of the cell and receives signals from other neurons , while a long trunk or “ axon , ” which conducts neural messages , projects below , occasionally shooting off to connect with other neurons .
The structure of the neuron naturally lends itself to comparison with the branches , trunk , and roots of a tree , and indeed the technical term for the growth of dendrites is “ arborization . ”
( See the illustration below . )
We ’ve known since the early nineteenth century that neurons use electricity to send signals through the body .
But a remarkable experiment by Hermann von Hermholtz in 1859 showed that the nervous system , rather than telegraphing messages between muscles and brain , functions far slower than copper wires .
As Changeux writes ,
Everyday experience leads us to suppose that thoughts pass through the mind with a rapidity that defies the laws of physics .
It comes as a stunning surprise to discover that almost the exact opposite is true : the brain is slow — very slow — by comparison with the fundamental forces of the physical world .
Further research by the great Spanish anatomist Santiago Ramon y Cajal suggested why the telegraph analogy failed to hold : most neurons , instead of tying their ends together like spliced wires , leave a gap between the terminus of the neuron , which transmits signals , and the receptor of those signals in the adjacent neuron .
How signals from neurons manage to cross this gap , later renamed the synaptic cleft ( “ synapse ” deriving from the Greek for “ to bind together ” ) , became the major neurophysiological question of the early twentieth century .
Most leading biologists at that time assumed that neurons would use the electricity in the nervous system to send signals across the cleft .
The average synaptic cleft is extremely small — a mere twenty nanometers wide — and though the nervous system may not function at telegraphic speed , it was not difficult to imagine electrical pulses jumping the distance .
Further , given the speed with which nerves react , the alternative theory , that electrical pulses would cause a chemical signal to move across the cleft , seemed to rely on far too slow a mechanism .
But as the decades passed , hard evidence slowly accumulated in support of the chemical theory .
According to Changeux , experiments began to suggest that “ the human brain therefore does not make optimal use of the resources of the physical world ; it makes do instead with components inherited from simpler organisms … that have survived over the course of biological evolution . ”
A remarkable experiment by Otto Loewi in the 1920s first suggested how the brain makes use of its evolutionary inheritance in order to communicate .
Loewi bathed a frog ’s heart in saline solution and stimulated the nerve that normally slows the heartbeat .
If the slowing of the heart was caused by a chemical agent rather than an electrical impulse , Loewi reasoned , then the transmitting chemical would disperse throughout the solution .
Loewi tested his hypothesis by placing a second heart in the solution .
If nerve transmission was chemical rather than electrical , he supposed , then the chemical slowing down the first heart , dispersed throughout the solution , would likewise slow down the second heart .
This is exactly what happened .
Loewi named the substance released by the relevant nerve , called the vagus nerve , Vagusstoff ; today it is known as the neurotransmitter acetylcholine .
By the 1950s , further experiments had definitively proved that most neurons , while using electricity internally , must resort to chemicals to cross the synaptic cleft and communicate with the next neuron in the chain .
Changeux began his work at this stage , when the basic methods for neuron communication had been determined but the detailed chemical mechanisms were just opening up to research .
Thanks to new high - resolution images from electron microscopes , first taken by Sanford Palay and George Palade in 1955 , biologists could finally see the minute structures of the synapse .
They discovered that the transmitting end of the neuron , called the nerve terminal , comes packed with tiny sacs , or vesicles , each containing around five thousand molecules of a specialized chemical , the neurotransmitter .
When an electrical signal moves down the neuron , it triggers the vesicles and floods the synaptic cleft with neurotransmitter molecules .
These chemical neurotransmitters then attach to the proteins called receptors on the surface of the neuron that is located just across the synaptic cleft , opening a pore and allowing the electrically charged atoms called ions to flow into the neuron .
Thus , the chemical signal is converted back into an electrical signal , and the message is passed down the line .
These processes were still somewhat mysterious in 1965 , when the young Changeux , working with his teacher Jacques Monod and the American scientist Jeffries Wyman , produced one of the theories for which he became best known .
The three scientists , then studying metabolism , attempted to explain how the structure of an enzyme could stabilize when another molecule attached to it .
Changeux later saw a parallel with the nervous system .
When a chemical neurotransmitter binds to a receptor it holds the ion pore open , ensuring its continuing function , a critical step in converting the neurotransmitter ’s chemical signal back into an electrical pulse .
Changeux ’s discovery established the groundwork for the way many neurons communicate , and his findings were based on the more general paper he had coauthored with Wyman and Monod .
With a working theory for neuron communication established , Changeux then turned to the ways that larger structures in the brain might change these basic interactions .
A longstanding theory , introduced by Donald Hebb in 1949 , proposed that neurons could increase the strength of their connection through repeated signals .
According to a slogan describing the theory , “ neurons that fire together , wire together . ”
Repeated neuron firings , Hebb believed , would produce stronger memories , or faster thought patterns .
But researchers found that certain regulatory networks could achieve far more widespread effects by distributing specialized neurotransmitters , such as dopamine and acetylcholine , throughout entire sections of the brain , reinforcing connections without the repeated firings required by Hebb .
Changeux focused on these specialized distribution networks .
It was long known that nicotine acts on the same receptor as the neurotransmitter acetylcholine .
Changeux recognized that this could explain both nicotine ’s obvious benefits — greater concentration , relaxation , etc. — as well as the drug ’s more puzzling long - term effects .
For instance , while cigarettes are dangerous to health , some studies show that smokers tend to suffer at significantly lower rates from Alzheimer ’s disease and Parkinson ’s disease .
Changeux found that nicotine , by attaching to the same receptors as acetylcholine , reproduces some of the benefits of acetylcholine by reinforcing neuronal connections throughout the brain .
Nicotine is not exactly the same chemically as acetylcholine , but can mimic its effects .
Changeux ’s lab has since focused on the workings of the nicotine / acetylcholine system , and he has attempted to explain how all such regulatory systems , working together , can produce the experience we call consciousness — as well as more abstract concepts like truth .
How , then , does the mass of cells in the brain produce our experience of sight , sound , and imagination ?
According to Changeux , the infant brain is not a blank slate , receiving all experience and instruction — both what it sees and how to think about it — from the outside .
Nor is the infant brain preprogrammed , its reactions predetermined , unable to change itself and adapt .
Rather , as Changeux began to hypothesize in the late 1970s , the brain , beginning in the embryo , produces , by means of genetic action , “ mental objects of a particular type that might be called prerepresentations — preliminary sketches , schemas , models . ”
According to this theory , spontaneous electronic activity in the brain , “ acting as a Darwinian - style generator of neuronal diversity , ” creates dynamic , highly variable networks of nerve cells , whose variation is comparable with the variation in DNA .
Those networks then give rise to the reflex movements of the newborn infant .
Over time the infant ’s movements become better coordinated .
Neural networks associated with more successful movements — such as grasping an object — are “ selected ” ; that is , their activity is reinforced as their synaptic junctions become strengthened .
As the child continues to explore his or her surroundings , Darwinian competition strengthens some of these transient networks sufficiently to make them relatively permanent parts of the child ’s behavioral repertoire .
Changeux calls the process , first elaborated in a 1976 paper , “ learning by selection . ”
Animals and infants conduct this miniature version of natural selection by means of what Changeux terms “ cognitive games . ”
One well - known example concerns cries of alarm in African vervet monkeys .
Adult monkeys use a simple but effective vocabulary of sounds that warn against danger : a loud bark for leopards , a two - syllable cough for eagles , and a hissing sound for snakes .
Surprisingly , researchers found , baby monkeys hiss at snakes without explicit instruction .
Changeux writes , “ Snakes seem to arouse a sort of innate universal fear , which probably developed fairly early in the course of the evolution of the higher vertebrates . ”
When adult monkeys confirm the baby ’s judgment with their own hisses , the infant ’s genetically produced prerepresentation is rewarded and reinforced .
But baby monkeys require more explicit instruction in protecting themselves against predators , such as eagles , to which they have been less genetically conditioned .
At first ,
newborn monkeys react to any form that flies in the air , which is to say to the class of birds as a whole .
Then , gradually , a selective stabilization of the response to the shape of dangerous species takes place … .
If the first cry of alarm is sounded by one of the young , the nearest adult looks up .
If it sees a harmless bird , it does not react .
But if the young monkey has spotted a martial eagle , the adult reacts by emitting a cry of alarm that confirms the presence of danger … .
The adult ’s cry of alarm validates a pertinent relationship between shape and sound that is established in the brain of the young monkey .
This process of learning alarm cries through trial and error , reward and suppression , demonstrates the kind of cognitive games that are played out constantly through the brain ’s interaction with the environment .
As successful behaviors increase in number , Changeux believes , they strengthen the capacity to consciously manipulate the environment .
Most actions are not beneficial , and as each neuron competes for limited resources , many of the least useful neurons literally die out .
Changeux therefore hypothesizes : “ To learn is to eliminate . ”
In Changeux ’s view , starting in the womb , spontaneous electrical activity within neurons creates highly variable networks of nerve cells ; the networks are selected and reinforced by environmental stimuli ; and these reinforced networks can then be said to “ represent ” the stimuli—e.g. , the appearance of a predator — though no particular network of nerve cells exclusively represents any one set of stimuli .
The environment does not directly “ instruct ” the brain ; it does not imprint precise images in memory .
Rather , working through our senses , the environment selects certain networks and reinforces the connections between them .
1
Critical to this process of selection , in Changeux ’s view , is the brain ’s reward system : the pleasure response .
Dopamine is part of a reward system that is important in human and animal behavior , and dopamine levels are elevated in the brain when we experience pleasure or well - being .
Pleasure is associated both with the anticipation of activities essential to survival — for example , eating and sex — and with the activities themselves .
Changeux describes one particularly telling experiment :
When a trained monkey succeeds in grasping a peanut hidden in a box , the inside of which it cannot see , the activity of dopamine neurons increases at precisely the moment when the animal recognizes the food with its fingers .
But opiates , alcohol , cannabinoids , nicotine , and other drugs can also increase the release of dopamine and subvert the normal function of the reward system .
A rat given infusions of cocaine into the brain following the pressing of a bar will persist in pressing the bar repeatedly in preference to consuming food or water .
Sugar , too , can be addictive .
Indeed , the National Institutes of Health is now studying whether foods high in fat and sugar should be classified as addictive agents , in the same category as nicotine , alcohol , and cocaine .
In general , behaviors associated with pleasure are reinforced by the release of dopamine ; as a result , the synaptic junctions of the associated neuronal networks are strengthened .
And as they are strengthened , the changes in brain function often become permanent .
A former cocaine addict who has been able to live without the drug for a decade may experience an irresistible need for cocaine when returning to a place whose cues evoke past drug - taking experiences .
But the memories that are evoked are reconstructions :
Every evocation of memories is a reconstruction on the basis of physical traces stored in the brain in latent form , for example at the level of neurotransmitter receptors .
Instead of recalling the experiences of both pleasure - filled high and painful withdrawal , the addict ’s memories may be overwhelmed by the powerful neural connections previously created by the drug .
Only if memory is a matter of reconstruction of latent physical traces , not direct recall of past events , Changeux argues , could these kind of drug - induced long - term compulsions occur .
In his book The Physiology of Truth , Changeux connects memory to the acquisition of knowledge and the testing of its validity , as is done in science in general .
“ We now find ourselves in a position , ” Changeux writes ,
to sketch the outlines of a plausible interpretation of the neural bases of meaning .
The naive view that the neural representation of a complex meaning — a yellow Renault , for example — is located in a single , hierarchically prominent nerve cell … has been found to be unjustified for the most part .
It is generally accepted today that distinct populations of neurons in sensory , motor , associative , and other territories are linked as part of a distributed network … [ which ] mobilizes several distinct and functionally specific territories in a discrete manner , thus constituting a neural embodiment of meaning .
Note that this assumption does not require that …anatomical connections be …reproducible across individual brains in every detail [ in order to evoke memory ] , only that a map of functional relations be established .
In some ways Changeux ’s ideas are similar to Gerald Edelman ’s theory of neural Darwinism .
For both Changeux and Edelman , Darwinian selection is an essential part of how the brain functions .
And yet Edelman and Changeux have radically different views of what selective mechanisms in the brain imply about the nature of brain function , knowledge , memory , and consciousness .
Our senses , in Edelman ’s view , are confronted by a chaotic , constantly changing world that has no labels .
The brain must create meaning from that chaos .
Edelman writes , in A Universe of Consciousness , his book with Giulio Tononi :
It is commonly assumed that memory involves the inscription and storage of information , but what is stored ?
Is it a coded message ?
When it is “ read out ” or recovered , is it unchanged ?
These questions point to the widespread assumption that what is stored is some kind of representation .
[ We take ] the opposite viewpoint , consistent with a selectionist approach , that memory is nonrepresentational .
2
While Changeux also considers selection to be essential to the formation of memory , he , as opposed to Edelman , believes that once a set of neuronal circuits have been selected to form a memory , they become part of a relatively stable structure that “ can be conceived as a set of long - lasting global representations . ”
Though “ the precise patterns of connectivity in the network may vary from individual to individual , ” Changeux writes ,
its functional relationships ( or stabilized meanings ) remain constant .
In this way a “ scale model ” of external reality …is selected and stored in memory in the brain .
Memory objects enjoy a genuine existence , then , as latent “ forms ” composed of stable neuronal traces .
Changeux says memories can be modified by the addition of new information , or “ by preexisting knowledge or by the emotional resonance of actual memories of past experience . ”
In contrast to Changeux ’s account , Edelman , we believe , has a different and considerably deeper view of memory and what it tells us about the nature of meaning and brain function .
Both Changeux and Edelman propose that during memory formation , our interactions with the world cause a Darwinian selection of neural circuits , much as the body , when invaded by a virus , “ selects ” the most potent antibodies from the enormous repertoire of antibodies made available by the body ’s immune system .
However , the resulting memory is not , Edelman says , a representation of the outside world , any more than the antibody that has protected the body against an infecting virus is a representation of that virus .
Yet the antibody can protect the body against a future attack by the virus , just as the neural circuits can contribute to memory recall .
Instead , Edelman writes , memory is the ability to
repeat a mental or physical act after some time despite a changing context … .
We stress repetition after some time in this definition because it is the ability to re-create an act separated by a certain duration from the original signal set that is characteristic of memory .
And in mentioning a changing context , we pay heed to a key property of memory in the brain : that it is , in some sense , a form of constructive recategorization during ongoing experience , rather than a precise replication of a previous sequence of events .
For Edelman , then , memory is not a “ small scale model of external reality , ” but a dynamic process that enables us to repeat a mental or physical act :
the key conclusion is that whatever its form , memory itself is a [ property of a system ] .
It can not be equated exclusively with circuitry , with synaptic changes , with biochemistry , with value constraints , or with behavioral dynamics .
Instead , it is the dynamic result of the interactions of all these factors acting together , serving to select an output that repeats a performance or an act .
The overall characteristics of a particular performance may be similar to previous performance , but the ensembles of neurons underlying any two similar performances at different times can be and usually are different .
This property ensures that one can repeat the same act , despite remarkable changes in background and context , with ongoing experience .
The validity of the respective approaches of Changeux and Edelman remains to be tested by further inquiry into brain function .
The detailed neurophysiological processes involved are still largely unexplored .
In fact , “ external reality ” is a construction of the brain .
Our senses are confronted by a chaotic , constantly changing world that has no labels , and the brain must make sense of that chaos .
It is the brain ’s correlations of sensory information that create the knowledge we have about our surroundings , such as the sounds of words and music , the images we see in paintings and photographs , the colors we perceive : “ perception is not merely a reflection of immediate input , ” Edelman and Tononi write , “ but involves a construction or a comparison by the brain . ”
For example , contrary to our visual experience , there are no colors in the world , only electromagnetic waves of many frequencies .
The brain compares the amount of light reflected in the long ( red ) , middle ( green ) , and short ( blue ) wavelengths , and from these comparisons creates the colors we see .
The amount of light reflected by a particular surface — a table , for example — depends on the frequency and the intensity of the light hitting the surface ; some surfaces reflect more short - wave frequencies , others more long - wave frequencies .
If we could not compare the presence of these wavelengths and were aware of only the individual frequencies of light — each of which would be seen as gray , the darkness or lightness of each frequency depending on the intensity of the light hitting the surface — then the normally changing frequencies and intensities of daylight ( as during sunrise , or when a cloud momentarily blocks out the sun ) would create a confusing picture of changing grays .
Our visual worlds are stabilized because the brain , through color perception , simplifies the environment by comparing the amounts of lightness and darkness in the different frequencies from moment to moment .
3
The problem of representation , meaning , and memory is also illustrated by the case of a patient who has lost his arm in an accident .
As is often the case , the brain creates a “ phantom ” limb in an apparent attempt to preserve a unified sense of self .
For the patient , the phantom limb is painful .
The brain knows there is no limb ; pain is the consequence of the incoherence between what the brain “ sees ” ( no arm ) and the brain ’s “ feeling ” the presence of a phantom that it has created in its attempt to maintain a unified sense of self in continuity with the past .
Such pain is not created by an external stimulus and cannot be eliminated by painkillers .
One famous case is that of a young man who had lost his hand in a motorcycle accident .
In a therapeutic procedure devised by V.S. Ramachandran , and described in his book with Sandra Blakeslee , Phantoms in the Brain , the patient put his intact hand in one side of a box and “ inserted ” his phantom hand in the other side .
As the illustration on this page shows , one section of the box had a vertical mirror , which showed a reflection of his intact hand .
The patient observed in the mirror the image of his real hand , and was then asked to make similar movements with both “ hands , ” which suggested to the brain real movement from the lost hand .
Suddenly the pain disappeared .
Though the young man was perfectly aware of the trick being played on him — the stump of his amputated arm was lying in one section of the box — the visual image overcame his sense of being tricked .
Seeing is believing !
Pain — the consequence of the incoherence between the brain ’s creation of a phantom limb and the visual realization that the limb does not exist — disappeared ; what was seen ( a hand in the mirror ) matched what was felt ( a phantom ) .
According to the Italian neurologist Angela Sirigu , who used videos instead of mirrors to perform a similar experiment ,
It is the dissonance between the image of oneself and the damaged body , that is at the origin of the phantom pain .
Seeing the damaged hand once again functioning , reduces the dissonance even though the patient is aware of being tricked .
At one moment the patient experiences a painful phantom limb ; at another he sees a mirror image of his intact hand and the pain disappears .
This is only one of many neurological examples of what we might call the Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Syndrome : the patient in the experiment sees and remembers one world at certain times and a completely different world at other times .
4
The phantom limb is the brain ’s way of preserving a body image — a sense of self that is essential to all coherent brain activity .
And as in the case of colors , the phantom limb suggests that what we see , hear , and feel are inventions of the brain — an integration of the past ( the loss of the limb ) and the present ( a phantom that is essential for the brain ’s continuing to function “ normally ” ) .
In general , every recollection refers not only to the remembered event or person or object but to the person who is remembering .
The very essence of memory is subjective , not mechanical , reproduction ; and essential to that subjective psychology is that every remembered image of a person , place , idea , or object inevitably contains , whether explicitly or implicitly , a basic reference to the person who is remembering .
Our conscious life is a constant flow , or integration , of an immediate past and the present — what Henri Bergson called le souvenir du présent ( 1908 ) and Edelman more recently called the remembered present ( 1989 ) .
Consciousness , in this view , is neither recalled representations nor the immediate present , but something different in kind ( as colors are different in kind from the lightness and darkness of different reflected wavelengths ) .
The importance of body image and motor activity for perception , physical movement , and thought is suggested by the recent discovery of “ mirror neurons ” by Giacomo Rizzolatti and his colleagues .
They observed that the neurons that fired when a monkey grasped an object also fired when the monkey watched a scientist grasp the same object .
The monkey apparently understood the action of the experimenter because the activity within its brain was similar when the monkey was observing the experimenter and when the monkey was grasping the object .
What was surprising was that the same neurons that produced “ motor actions , ” i.e. , actions involving muscular movement , were active when the monkey was perceiving those actions performed by others .
The “ rigid divide , ” Rizzolatti and Corrado Sinigaglia write in their new book , Mirrors in the Brain ,
between perceptive , motor , and cognitive processes is to a great extent artificial ; not only does perception appear to be embedded in the dynamics of action , becoming much more composite than used to be thought in the past , but the acting brain is also and above all a brain that understands .
We can recognize and understand the actions of others because of the mirror neurons ; as Rizzolatti and Sinigaglia write , this understanding “ depends first of all on our motor neurons . ” 5
Our abilities to understand and react to the emotions of others may depend on the brain ’s ability to imitate the neuronal activity of the individual being observed .
When we see a friend crying , we may feel sympathy because the activity in our brain is similar to that in the brain of the person crying .
We recognize disgust in another person through our own experience of the feeling of disgust and the associated neural activity .
Rizzolatti and Sinigaglia write :
our perceptions of the motor acts and emotive reactions of others appear to be united by a mirror mechanism that permits our brain to immediately understand what we are seeing , feeling , or imagining others to be doing , as it triggers the same neural structures … that are responsible for our own actions and emotions .
The nature of the brain ’s “ representations ” — if there is such a thing — of the world , the self , the past and present , remains puzzling , as the very different approaches we have described suggest : Changeux ’s view of “ long - lasting global representations ” ; Edelman and Tononi ’s view of memory as constructive recategorizations , and Rizzolatti ’s stunning discovery of mirror neurons , suggesting that we know and understand others , to some extent , through neural imitation .
And as these differing views show , while we are still far from a full understanding of the nature of memory , perception , and meaning , it is nonetheless because of the work of scientists such as Changeux , Edelman , and Rizzolatti that we have a better grasp of the complexity of subjective experiences .
Perhaps in the future , questions about higher brain functions will be better understood because of new genetic and neurophysiological discoveries and brain imaging .
An unexpected scientific discovery can give us a new insight into something we thought we had always known : mirror neurons , Rizzolatti tells us , “ show how strong and deeply rooted is the bond that ties us to others , or in other words , how bizarre it would be to conceive of an I without an us . ”
Political science PhD specializing in delegate selection rules , presidential campaigns and elections .
Founder of FHQ Strategies LLC .
YouMail not only stops fraud and phishing calls from bothering you , but it is also how to stop robocalls from bothering anyone .
When YouMail sees an illegal call , it can notify carriers , enterprises , and the authorities – so they can locate , take down , and punish the callers .
We 've even helped shut down COVID - 19 scams in just days .
According to our Google / Viacom scoreboard , the Big G beat the Big V 3 - 2 in court earlier this month , but that still meant Google had to turn over a 12TB database of every YouTube video ever watched — complete with user IDs and IP addresses .
The decision immediately raised privacy concerns , but Google and Viacom have now signed an agreement to anonymize the logging database before the handover .
According to a document filed yesterday with the court , both sides in the $ 1 billion copyright infringement case have agreed that the actual user data is n't so important after all .
Viacom apparently wants to see just how popular allegedly infringing content was on YouTube , on the theory that YouTube largely owes its success to big budget ( and infringing ) fare like The Simpsons and The Colbert Report , rather than to clips of the often amusing interplay between cats and ferrets .
" When producing data from the Logging Database pursuant to the order , " says the new agreement , " Defendants shall substitute values while preserving uniqueness for entries in the following fields : User ID , IP Address and Visitor ID . "
The protocol for actually making the change will be hashed out over the next week .
As part of the deal , both sides also agree not to object later in the trial on the grounds that the substituted values are still somehow " personally identifiable information . "
This might be a preemptive strike at any sort of " AOL argument " that would claim even substitute values could identify individuals .
AOL faced the same issue when it released a set of search queries for research purposes .
The IP addresses had been altered , but it turned out that news organizations were able to identify individuals just by looking through their search terms ( the debacle resulted in several sackings and , eventually , a play ) .
On the official YouTube blog , the company said that it was " pleased to report that Viacom , MTV and other litigants have backed off their original demand for all users ' viewing histories , and we will not be providing that information ....
We remain committed to protecting your privacy and we 'll continue to fight for your right to share and broadcast your work on YouTube . "
One danger in hosting a corporate blog , though , is that people tend to leave comments ; in this case , that means more complaints about the very existence of such complete logging data .
" Great ! " wrote one poster .
" So when are you going to let us OPT OUT of info collection ?
You dodged a bullet today , but what happens the next time ?
What happens if the government decides to start spying on us thanks to your data collecting ? "
BEVERLY HILLS  Spike Lee says the Rev. Jesse Jackson 's crudely phrased criticism of Barack Obama wo n't affect the Democrat 's campaign , which the filmmaker expects to succeed at bringing " seismic " change to the world .
" I do n't think his ( Jackson 's ) comments help anybody .
It 's just unfortunate , " Lee said after taking part in a Television Critics Association panel .
Lee predicted Obama would be elected in November .
" When that happens , it will change everything .
...
You 'll have to measure time by ' Before Obama ' and ' After Obama , " ' Lee said during the panel .
" It 's an exciting time to be alive now . "
The presidency of the first African - American will ripple throughout arts , sports and more , said Lee , whose films include Malcolm X and Do the Right Thing .
" Everything 's going to be affected by this seismic change in the universe , " he said .
Lee attended the TV group 's annual summer session to discuss documentaries he 's making for ESPN Films , including one about Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers .
Jackson 's comment about Obama came last Sunday during a break in Jackson 's appearance on Fox News ' Fox & Friends .
Unaware his microphone was on , Jackson told a fellow guest that Obama was " talking down " to blacks in speeches on morality at black churches ; he also used a slang reference for wanting to sever Obama 's testicles .
Jackson apologized Wednesday for " hurtful and wrong " remarks .
Obama 's campaign offered a low - key response , accepting the apology and defending against the notion that he neglected issues important to blacks .
Lee was more pointed when speaking of Jackson 's remarks .
Asked if there was any validity to the criticism of Obama , Lee replied : " No .
Here 's the thing : I do n't know why people are questioning whether Barack Obama is black enough .
For me , that 's an ignorant statement . "
" There are middle - class , educated black people who speak the way he does .
...
We have to try to move away from this so - called image of what black is , which is largely influenced by rap and that type of stuff , " Lee said .
" I 'm for Mr. Obama , " Lee said .
" I think he 's gonna win .
And it 's going to be a better day not only for the United States but for the world . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Robert Pickett
( Photo © J. Maus )
The article below was written by Portland Police Officer Robert Pickett .
Pickett — who regular readers know by his user name “ PoPo ” ( he ’s a regular commenter and member of the Portland Bike Forums ) — is a former member of the SE Precinct Bicycle Patrol Unit and now works in the Bureau ’s Neighborhood Response Team division .
Pickett is also a former BTA Alice Awards nominee for his dedication to community policing .
Pickett was recently selected by Police Chief Sizer to be an official communications liaison to the community on bicycle issues .
On BikePortland.org he previously shared his thoughts on humility and wrote about why cops ride on sidewalks .
I was racking my brain last night , trying to figure out if there was anything constructive I could provide to this commentary in the face of the knowledge that whatever I write will certainly be ripped to pieces by upset , anonymous critics .
( I am now anticipating many comments opening “ here ’s what would be constructive , PoPo… ” )
I also wanted to be constructive and not simply defensive , since of course , a part of me feels that way .
Policing is a complicated , difficult , sometimes dangerous job .
Cops are also under close scrutiny from many angles , and are quickly judged .
Information generated from official investigations is also usually slow to come , as it takes time to collect and write , and sometimes ca n’t be released immediately for fear of jeopardizing successful prosecution of a case .
At the same time the public and the media is screaming for information now !
Sometimes the best the police can do immediately after a controversial incident is release a brief overall statement , leaving out the smaller , but perhaps pertinent details .
This can leave the police open to somewhat one - sided criticism for awhile , based on incomplete or possibly biased information , but that is part of the deal .
Cops know it and decide to do the work anyway .
“ Generally when officers end up having to use force , it is in response to their perception of the subject ’s resistance , and not a result of the particular infraction observed . ”
And indeed , sometimes cops make bad calls and that comes out too .
We appropriately have high standards for our officers , but they are human .
So there I go , being defensive anyway .
Sorry about that .
Anyway , it seemed that while I can’t talk about the incident in particular , for reasons stated above , perhaps I could try to provide perspective on numbers and how police usually work .
First of all , I asked for some statistics regarding use of force in the Traffic Division .
They have about 32 officers and sergeants who actively work the street ( others are investigators , command staff , etc ) .
These street officers ( mostly motorcycle - mounted ) are distributed across seven days of the week and two different shifts , and their primary job is enforcement of traffic laws .
From 6/1/2007 to 6/1/2008 , the Traffic Division issued 53,895 citations and made 1,647 arrests .
( These numbers do not include other citizen contacts and traffic stops that resulted in warnings . )
Many of those arrests are certainly for DUII and hit and run , but some come as a result of other criminal activity discovered during the stops .
During this period , Traffic Division officers used force in only 31 cases — using force means something more than handcuffing or specific control holds - using a Taser , pointing or shooting a firearm , punches , tackles , pushing down , pepper spray and utilizing a baton are all examples of “ use of force . ”
All the above numbers means that force was used in about .05 % of the cases .
Situations where officers are trying to arrest someone generally provoke more force incidents than simple traffic stops .
Traffic officers used force in 1.9 % of the 1,647 arrest situations during that time period , which is actually lower than the Bureau average .
The entire Operations Branch , which also includes all precinct officers — the ones who patrol neighborhoods and respond to 911 calls–used force 6.65 % of the time when making an arrest .
Officers are allowed to use force if they perceive that citizens are refusing to stop when lawfully ordered .
Generally when officers end up having to use force , it is in response to their perception of the subject ’s resistance , and not a result of the particular infraction observed .
Does that make sense ?
For example , usually police use force not because someone ran a red light , but because the person resisted when an officer was trying to stop them for running a red light .
The general idea behind Tasers is that while painful ( I can attest to that personally ) they actually reduce injuries to all parties involved , as they can take the place of protracted physical struggles , which might involve tackling or punching or strikes with a metal baton , or the danger of a suspect grabbing one of an officer ’s weapons while fighting in close quarters with an officer .
And on the other end , sometimes , based on the specific situation , it is feasible to attempt to use a Taser in a situation where using deadly force ( usually in the form of shooting a gun ) would be justified .
This is not to say , however , that anybody likes to be Tasered .
The dark uniforms Traffic officers wear , with reflective police patches , were specifically designed to stand out more sharply during the daytime , and to be more visible at night , than the traditional blue uniforms .
It does n’t mean they are perfectly recognizable in every case , but the intent was to make them as recognizable as possible .
The Traffic Division is actually considering the uniforms for it ’s non-motorcycle mounted officers as well , because they are more visible , and therefore safer for officers who spend a lot of their time stopped on the side of the road in traffic .
I ’m sure there will be many frustrated , irritated comments replying to this one .
Completely understandable .
But Jonathan has created an excellent forum that traditionally has quite thoughtful commentary from all different perspectives .
I wanted to help continue in that tradition if I could , knowing that not everyone would agree .
I am always happy to attempt to explain .
The southeast Precinct Bicycle Patrol will be hosting a family - friendly rodeo , as part of Pedalpalooza , Friday afternoon from 5 pm until 8 pm at Sunnyside Park .
If you are interested in how police bicycle officers are trained or want to try our slow - speed cone course , please come by with your bike .
We will also do our best to answer how cops do and why we do things .
Front Page , News , Police
robert pickett
Bloomberg is reporting Bernanke May Run Low on ' Ammunition ' for Loans , Rates .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke may be running out of room to pump money into the financial markets and cut interest rates to rescue the economy .
The Fed has committed as much as 60 percent of the $ 709 billion in Treasury securities on its balance sheet to providing liquidity and opened the door to more with yesterday 's decision to become a lender of last resort for the biggest Wall Street dealers .
" They 're using up their ammunition on the liquidity and overnight interest - rate fronts , " said Lou Crandall , chief economist at Jersey City , New Jersey - based Wrightson ICAP LLC , a unit of ICAP Plc , the world 's largest broker for banks and other financial institutions .
In the most dire of circumstance , the Fed could go so far as to cut its benchmark rate to zero , promise to hold it there and flood the financial system with more than enough money to ensure that happened , under a strategy known as " quantitative easing . "
Here ’s one way to think about the liquidity trap — a situation in which conventional monetary policy loses all traction .
When short - term interest rates are close to zero , open - market operations in which the central bank prints money and buys government debt do n’t do anything , because you ’re just swapping one more or less zero - interest rate asset for another .
Right now we ’re in a situation in which Treasury bills yield considerably less than the Fed funds rate ; to at least some extent this may reflect banks ’ nervousness about lending to each other , even in the overnight market .
And to the extent that ’s true , Treasuries — not Fed funds — are the interest rates to look at .
As of 10:38 this morning , the one - month Treasury rate was 0.57 ; the three - month rate was 0.825 .
Are we there yet ?
Pretty close .
Milton Friedman On Liquidity Traps
In monetary economics , a liquidity trap occurs when the economy is stagnant , the nominal interest rate is close or equal to zero , and the monetary authority is unable to stimulate the economy with traditional monetary policy tools .
In this kind of situation , people do not expect high returns on physical or financial investments , so they keep assets in short - term cash bank accounts or hoards rather than making long - term investments .
This makes the recession even more severe , and can contribute to deflation .
Milton Friedman suggested that a monetary authority can escape a liquidity trap by bypassing financial intermediaries to give money directly to consumers or businesses .
This is referred to as a money gift or as helicopter money ( this latter phrase is meant to call forth the image of a central banker hovering in a helicopter , dropping suitcases full of money to individuals ) .
American economist Paul Krugman suggests that what was needed was a central bank commitment to steady positive monetary growth , which would encourage inflationary expectations and lower expected real interest rates , which would stimulate spending .
Friedman Is Wrong
Who is to blame ?
A good central banker knows how costly imperfect data can be for the economy .
This is especially true of inflation data .
In late 2002 and early 2003 , for example , core PCE measurements were indicating inflation rates that were crossing below the 1 percent " lower boundary . "
At the time , the economy was expanding in fits and starts .
Given the incidence of negative shocks during the prior two years , the Fed was worried about the economy 's ability to withstand another one .
Determined to get growth going in this potentially deflationary environment , the FOMC adopted an easy policy and promised to keep rates low .
A couple of years later , however , after the inflation numbers had undergone a few revisions , we learned that inflation had actually been a half point higher than first thought .
In retrospect , the real fed funds rate turned out to be lower than what was deemed appropriate at the time and was held lower longer that it should have been .
In this case , poor data led to a policy action that amplified speculative activity in the housing and other markets .
Today , as anybody not from the former planet of Pluto knows , the housing market is undergoing a substantial correction and inflicting real costs to millions of homeowners across the country .
It is complicating the task of achieving our monetary objective of creating the conditions for sustainable non-inflationary growth .
Fed Perpetually Chasing Its Own Tail
The Austrian Approach
What To Do About The Liquidity Trap
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
In a terse statement , Dr. Mayor ’s main rivals , a group of planet hunters led by Geoff Marcy of the University of California , Berkeley , and Paul Butler of the Carnegie Institution of Washington , said they were doing their own survey , to be completed within a year .
“ Our survey will check the Swiss report that 30 percent of stars have super - Earths or Neptunes orbiting closer than Mercury does the Sun , ” the group said in an e-mail message .
Dr. Mayor and his team discovered the first so - called exoplanet orbiting a regular star , known as Pegasi 51 , in 1995 .
That planet , about half the mass of Jupiter , circles its star tightly in a four - day orbit .
In the years since , some 270 exoplanets have been discovered , many of them like the original , so - called hot Jupiters in lethal scorching embraces of their stars .
Part of the reason that such unusual systems have been found first is that the detection method is biased toward finding large planets close to their stars .
Both Dr. Mayor ’s and Dr. Marcy ’s groups use what is called the wobble method , deducing the presence of a planet by the to - and - fro gravitational tug it gives its star as it orbits .
The more massive the planet and the closer it is , the bigger and more noticeable tug it will impart .
The tug perturbs the star ’s velocity relative to Earth by as little as a few meters per second in the case of a super - Earth .
That shows up as a periodic shift in the wavelength of light from the star .
In recent years , Dr. Mayor ’s group has used a special spectrograph known as Harps , for High Accuracy Radial Velocity Planet Searcher , on a telescope at the European Southern Observatory ’s site at La Silla , Chile , to detect such small wobbles in stars .
“ Detection of planets with masses of about 2 Earth - masses ( maybe less ! ) is possible , ” Dr. Mayor said in an e-mail message .
Megan Fox Wants To Do A Full On Nude Film
Transformers beauty Megan
Fox recently revealed that she would like to star in a movie entirely naked– from beginning to end .
The actress told The Daily Star :
“ ‘ I would love to do a movie naked – it would be beautiful . ”
Her comments are sure to raise more than just an eyebrow however , because Fox said no studio would ever take the chance of making a film like that again .
She elaborates :
“ They did it in the 1930s in an arty way . ”
According to recent reports ,
Fox broke off her engagement to actor Brian Austin Green , who starred in hit TV series Beverly Hills , 90210 .
But last week Brian refuted rumors that the pair had split , insisting that they are still together .
Pictures are from yesterday as Megan arrived for the Fox All - Star Party at the Pier held in Santa Monica .
photos : WENN
Take Back the Campus
4/17/2001
Are you tired of male - bashing and victimology ?
Have you had your fill of feminist " Ms./ Information " ?
Have you been misled by factually challenged professors ?
TAKE THIS TEST : Campus feminism is a kind of cult :
As early as freshman orientation , professors begin spinning theories about how American women are oppressed under " patriarchy . "
Here is a list of the most common feminist myths .
If you believe two or more of these untruths , you may need deprogramming .
THE TEN MOST COMMON FEMINIST MYTHS : 1 . Myth :
One in four women in college has been the victim of rape or attempted rape .
Fact :
This mother of all factoids is based on a fallacious feminist study commissioned by Ms. magazine .
The researcher , Mary Koss , hand - picked by hard - line feminist Gloria Steinem , acknowledges that 73 percent of the young women she counted as rape victims were not aware they had been raped .
Forty - three percent of them were dating their " attacker " again .
Rape is a uniquely horrible crime .
That is why we need sober and responsible research .
Women will not be helped by hyperbole and hysteria .
Truth is no enemy of compassion , and falsehood is no friend .
( Nara Schoenberg and Sam Roe , " The Making of an Epidemic , " Toledo Blade , October 10 , 1993 ; and Neil Gilbert , " Examining the Facts : Advocacy Research Overstates the Incidence of Date and Acquaintance Rape , " Current Controversies in Family Violence eds.
Richard Gelles and Donileen Loseke , Newbury Park , CA. : Sage Publications , 1993 , pp.120-132 ; Robin Warshaw ( with Ms. Foundation ) I Never Called It Rape : The Ms. Report --
With afterward by Mary Koss , New York : Harper Perennial , 1988 ; Mary Koss , et al " The Scope of Rape , " Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , 1987 , Vol.55 , pp.162-170 ; Mary Koss , et al " Stranger and Acquaintance Rape , " Psychology of Women Quarterly , 1988 , Vol.12 , pp.1/24.
Campus Crime and Security , Washington , D.C. : U.S. Department of Education , 1997 .
* According to this study , campus police reported 1,310 forcible sex offenses on U.S. campuses in one year .
That works out to an average of fewer than one rape per campus . )
2 . Myth : Women earn 75 cents for every dollar a man earns .
Fact :
The 75 cent figure is terribly misleading .
This statistic is a snapshot of all current full - time workers .
It does not consider relevant factors like length of time in the workplace , education , occupation , and number of hours worked per week .
( The experience gap is particularly large between older men and women in the workplace . )
When economists do the proper controls , the so - called gender wage gap narrows to the point of vanishing .
( Essential reading : Women 's Figures : An Illustrated Guide to the Economic Progress of Women in America , by Diana Furchtgott - Roth and Christine Stolba , published by the Independent Women 's Forum and the American Enterprise Institute , Washington , D.C. 2000 . )
3 . Myth : 30 percent of emergency room visits by women each year are the result of injuries from domestic violence .
Fact :
This incendiary statistic is promoted by gender feminists whose primary goal seems to be to impugn men .
Two responsible government studies report that the nationwide figure is closer to one percent .
While these studies may have missed some cases of domestic violence , the 30 % figure is a wild exaggeration .
( National Center for Health Statistics , National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey : 1992 Emergency Department Summary , Hyattsville , Maryland , March 1997 ; and U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics , Violence - Related Injuries Treated in Hospital Emergency Departments : Washington , D.C. , August 1997 . )
4 . Myth :
The phrase " rule of thumb " originated in a man 's right to beat his wife provided the stick was no wider than his thumb .
Fact :
This is an urban legend that is still taken seriously by activist law professors and harassment workshoppers .
The Oxford English Dictionary has more than twenty citations for phrase " rule of thumb " ( the earliest from 1692 ) , but not a single mention of beatings , sticks , or husbands and wives .
( For a definitive debunking of the hoax see Henry Ansgar Kelly , " Rule of Thumb and the Folklaw of the Husband 's Stick , " The Journal of Legal Education , September 1994 . )
5 . Myth : Women have been shortchanged in medical research .
Fact :
The National Institutes of Health and drug companies routinely include women in clinical trials that test for effectiveness of medications .
By 1979 , over 90 % of all NIH - funded trials included women .
Beginning in 1985 , when the NIH 's National Cancer Center began keeping track of specific cancer funding , it has annually spent more money on breast cancer than any other type of cancer .
Currently , women represent over 60 % of all subjects in NIH - funded clinical trails .
( Essential reading : Cathy Young and Sally Satel , " The Myth of Gender Bias in Medicine , " Washington , D.C. : The Women 's Freedom Network , 1997 . )
6 . Myth : Girls have been shortchanged in our gender - biased schools Fact :
No fair - minded person can review the education data and conclude that girls are the have - nots in our schools .
Boys are slightly ahead of girls in math and science ; girls are dramatically ahead in reading and writing .
( The writing skills of 17 - year - old boys are at the same level as 14 - year - old girls . )
Girls get better grades , they have higher aspirations , and they are more likely to go to college .
( See : Trends in Educational Equity of Girls & Women , Washington , D. C. : U.S. Department of Education , June 2000 . )
7 . Myth : " Our schools are training grounds for sexual harassment ... boys are rarely punished , while girls are taught that it is their role to tolerate this humiliating conduct . "
( National Organization of Women , " Issue Report : Sexual Harassment , " April 1998 . )
Fact : " Hostile Hallways , " is the best - known study of harassment in grades 8 - 11 .
It was commissioned by the American Association of University Women ( AAUW ) in 1993 , and is a favorite of many harassment experts .
But this survey revealed that girls are doing almost as much harassing as the boys .
According to the study , " 85 percent of girls and 76 percent of boys surveyed say they have experienced unwanted and unwelcome sexual behavior that interferes with their lives . "
( Four scholars at the University of Michigan did a careful follow - up study of the AAUW data and concluded : " The majority of both genders ( 53 % ) described themselves as having been both victim and perpetrator of harassment -- that is most students had been harassed and had harassed others . "
And these researchers draw the right conclusion : " Our results led us to question the simple perpetrator - victim model ... " ) ( See : American Education Research Journal , Summer 1996 . )
8 . Myth : Girls suffer a dramatic loss of self - esteem during adolescence .
Fact :
This myth of the incredible shrinking girls was started by Carol Gilligan , professor of gender studies at the Harvard Graduate School of Education .
Gilligan has always enjoyed higher standing among feminist activists and journalists than among academic research psychologists .
Scholars who follow the protocols of social science do not accept the reality of an adolescent " crisis " of confidence and " loss of voice . "
In 1993 , American Psychologist reported the new consensus among researchers in adolescent development : " It is now known that the majority of adolescents of both genders successfully negotiate this developmental period without any major psychological or emotional disorder [ and ] develop a positive sense of personal identity . "
( Anne C. Petersen et al .
" Depression in Adolescence , " American Psychologist February 1993 ; see also , Daniel Offer , and Kimberly Schonert - Reichl , " Debunking the Myths of Adolescence : Findings from Recent Research , " Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry , November 1992 . )
9 . Myth : Gender is a social construction .
Fact :
While environment and socialization do play a significant role in human life , a growing body of research in neuroscience , endocrinology , and psychology over the past 40 years suggests there is a biological basis for many sex differences in aptitudes and preferences .
In general , males have better spatial reasoning skills ; females better verbal skills .
Males are greater risk takers ; females are more nurturing .
Of course , this does not mean that women should be prevented from pursuing their goals in any field they choose ; what it does suggest is that we should not expect parity in all fields .
More women than men will continue to want to stay at home with small children and pursue careers in fields like early childhood education or psychology ; men will continue to be over - represented in fields like helicopter mechanics and hydraulic engineering .
Warning : Most gender scholars in our universities have degrees in fields like English or comparative literature - - not biology or neuroscience .
These self - appointed experts on sexuality are scientifically illiterate .
They substitute dogma and propaganda for reasoned scholarship .
( For a review of recent findings on sex differences see a special issue of The Scientific American " Men : The Scientific Truth , " Fall 2000 . ) 10 .
Myth : Women 's Studies Departments empowered women and gave them a voice in the academy .
Fact : Women 's Studies empowered a small group of like - minded careerists .
They have created an old - girl network that is far more elitist , narrow and closed than any of the old - boy networks they rail against .
Vast numbers of moderate or dissident women scholars have been marginalized , excluded and silenced .
( Essential reading : everything by Camille Paglia ; Daphne Patai and Noretta Koertge -- Professing Feminism : Cautionary Tales from the Strange World of Women 's Studies ; and Christina Hoff Sommers -- Who Stole Feminism ?
How Women have Betrayed Women ) ** Should you encounter an item of Ms/ information in one of your classes , in a textbook , or a women 's center " fact " sheet , let us know .
We will print it on our campus website , SheThinks.org , correct it with accurate information , and politely inform the source of the mistake .
We are a women 's group dedicated to restoring reason , common sense and open discussion to the campus .
Click here for a printable flyer .
On October 11 , 2002 , the Senate passed the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution .
It did so influenced by what anyone paying attention now knows was a campaign of fear - mongering lies organized by the neocons surrounding Vice President Cheney .
The Congress is about to repeat that disgraceful performance .
House Resolution 362 , which Rep. Ron Paul properly calls “ just more war propaganda ” will likely come to the floor and pass after the July 4 recess .
It positively encourages George W. Bush , whom you might suppose is the most discredited U.S. president in the country ’s history and the most inclined to take vicious irrational military action , to take actions which would constitute a declaration of war on Iran .
What better indication is there than this that the entire system is bankrupt ?
Two years ago the American people voted for Democrats supposing that their victory would end the war in Iraq .
Instead the majority party has voted to fund and continue the war , while sheltering the war criminals from meaningful investigation on the grounds that to do otherwise would be “ divisive . ”
The entire political class is united in this fear of divisiveness !
It was okay for the country to divide on the question of the Clinton impeachment drive in 1998 .
A president had lied to an over - reaching special prosecutor about details of his sexual life .
But Nancy Pelosi can’t work up the moral outrage to allow impeachment proceedings against the president who used disinformation to invade a country in violation of international law resulting in the slaughter of a million people .
Indeed , rather than punishing the Bush regime , or even holding it to account , the Congress eagerly , dutifully , rushes to assure the Israel Lobby that , yes , it is still blind and stupid .
It has learned nothing .
Yes , it was lied to .
Does it care ?
Nah .
Willing to forgive !
“ Intelligence failures .
But hey , all the world ’s intelligence services thought Saddam had WMD … ” That ’s the line justifying the 2002 vote .
How many senators and Congress members note the obvious and are willing to acknowledge : “ They wanted war , so they lied to get it ” ?
Few .
Instead they ask :
What more can we do for you , AIPAC ?
Do n’t worry , we ’re totally aboard the program !
How else can we use the U.S. military — forced to deploy against its better instincts — to alter Southwest Asia to your satisfaction ?
How , Mr. Cheney , can we help realize your vision of a region bristling with U.S. military bases , crisscrossed by U.S. - financed oil and gas pipelines , oilfield upon oilfield controlled and secured by the Empire ?
How can we disconnect the present from the past , unite rhetorically with the masses ’ disillusionment with the Iraq and Afghan wars while still surging towards the big confrontation with Iran ?
Recall the Lennon / McCartney lyric : “ Turn off your mind , relax and float downstream … ”
Maybe that ’s what they ’re doing , these politicians .
Maybe they ’re sleepwalking towards war with Iran .
The less kind interpretation is that they know what they ’re doing and have no qualms .
Either way the immanent vote will show that knowledge , information , exposure do n’t matter .
There ’s no paucity of information but of nerve .
There is no moral indignation .
No power wielded appropriately , acknowledging the crimes that stare us in the face and doing something about them .
The honest amoral opportunist politician thinks : “ Well duh .
Of course it ’s all about control of the Middle East .
And yeah , they lied through their teeth to get support for the war .
And yeah , I might score some points by saying the war in Iraq was a mistake — although no way I ’m gonna say it was a crime or get radical about it or get called ‘ anti- American ’ for not supporting our troops , our heroes .
But hey , let ’s not be naïve .
That ’s just the way it is .
And now whatever ’s happening in Iraq — which let ’s face it , is n’t even on the news anymore so not a big issue — Iran ’s a separate issue .
I can say Bush was wrong to invade Iraq , and still vote for this resolution on Iran , and stay friendly with AIPAC . ”
Those in power want to cement their Lobby ties , their military - industrial complex ties if not their neocon / Cheney ties .
If that means voting for war on Iran , no problem .
This is the system working , well and efficiently .
The delusion of the democracy , the delivery of more war .
The passage of House Resolution 362 will loudly proclaim to anyone listening that the system sucks and is itself the problem .
Hillary Clinton refuses to die .
Having been given up for dead after losing Iowa , she rebounded in New Hampshire .
Then a string of 11 straight consecutive losses – followed by a win in Ohio and a tie ( in delegates ) in Texas .
Now , she ’s won Pennsylvania .
Problem is , it does n’t mean anything .
Because of the Democratic Party ’s arcane proportional - representation rules , her win stands to give her a net gain of 10 to 15 delegates when all is counted .
That means that Barack Obama will fall from a lead of 161 in elected delegates to about 145 or so .
Big deal .
The primaries coming up in the next two weeks – Indiana and North Carolina – are likely to give Obama back a goodly portion of those delegates .
By the time all the primaries have been held , after June 3 , there is no doubt that Obama will lead by more than 100 elected delegates , and likely 150 .
From there , it will be an easy route to the nomination .
The Democratic superdelegates are n’t about to risk a massive and sanguinary civil war by taking the nomination away from the candidate who won more elected delegates .
If they ever tried it , we ’d see a repeat of the demonstrations that smashed the 1968 Chicago convention and ruined Hubert Humphrey ’s chances of victory .
Clinton won Pennsylvania for two key reasons : Only Democrats could vote in the primary , and the Keystone State electorate is dominated by the elderly , who are staunchly for Clinton .
Despite her claims of electability , Hillary has never done well among independent voters .
And Obama usually loses the Democrats .
Pennsylvania ’s closed - primary rules gave her a key advantage .
Older voters are flocking to Clinton as fears mount of what Obama might do as president mount .
But those under 45 – less focused , perhaps , on race – are moving toward Obama .
Here , that split helped her .
Of the 50 states , only Florida has a higher over - 65 proportion of its population .
But there ’s a key difference : Florida ’s elderly moved there – Pennsylvania ’s are the folks that are left after the young people moved away .
Pennsylvania Democrats , in other words , suffer from future shock .
They welcome old , established ways and embrace dynasties happily because they are so familiar .
( Look at the Bob Caseys – dad was governor , the son is senator . )
But do n’t expect the open primaries of Indiana and North Carolina to behave like Pennsylvania ’s geriatrics .
Both states are younger , especially North Carolina , and independents can vote in each primary .
( North Carolina is where a lot of the young people who fled Pennsylvania winters and job losses ended up ) .
Over the next two weeks , we ’ll be treated to much hoopla about how the Democratic race is once again up for grabs .
Then , on May 5 , Hillary ’s hopes will be dashed once more .
And then ?
After the votes are counted in all the primaries , look for the Gang of Four – Al Gore , Nancy Pelosi , Howard Dean and John Edwards – to join together and issue a challenge to the superdelegates :
Make up your minds .
Together , they ’ll probably demand that these appointed delegates commit to one candidate or the other by mid June .
And since the primaries will have lifted Obama over 1,900 delegates ( elected and super ) , he ’ll only need about 100 more , out of about 300 uncommitted superdelegates .
Their hands forced , enough superdelegates will go to Obama to put him over the top – he ’ll be the candidate .
That ’s all , folks .
Make Your Decision
There are quite a number of paper writing services ( Killers papers , for instance ) that exist to offer you the kind of help you have been looking for .
Take time to ask friends and colleagues about these services based on the kind of assignment you got .
Different academic sites have different solutions for different needs .
The Best Service for Your Need it is up to you to let your prospective services know what kind of help you need .
With the help of college paper writing service reviews , you will be able to make a decision easily .
These reviews give you ratings and useful comments on the quality of help that was provided through a certain service .
Matching a writing service with your needs is all you are required to do in order to enjoy the outcome of what you will get at the end of the day .
A term paper writing service normally has different types of writers certified in different academic fields .
If you want the help of an expert in your area of study , you should be able to identify someone who has such qualifications as you are looking for .
Read Online Reviews Familiarize yourself with what goes on in research paper services .
The best way to do this is by reading through online reviews and feedback provided by customers who have used these services in the past .
In the first role he has signed up for since “ Iron Man , ” Robert Downey Jr. , left , will forsake his high - tech suit for a woolen cloak and cap .
Mr. Downey has agreed to play the lead role in the film “ Sherlock Holmes , ” which will be directed by Guy Ritchie for Warner Brothers , Variety reported .
The film is scheduled to begin shooting in October , with a screenplay by Anthony Peckham based on the detective stories of Arthur Conan Doyle and on a comic book , also called “ Sherlock Holmes . ”
Most of the movie will be filmed in London .
In the role , which Variety said would plumb Holmes ’s brawn as well as his brains , Mr. Downey will have some competition .
Columbia Pictures is also preparing a movie based on Holmes , this one a comedy with Sacha Baron Cohen as the title character and Will Ferrell as his sidekick , Dr. Watson .
The U.S. military 's small , but growing , arsenal of armed robots has a new addition .
Bot - maker Foster - Miller has shipped the first of its new killer machines to the Defense Department 's Combatting Terrorism Technology Support Office .
The 350 - pound MAARS ( Modular Advanced Armed Robotic System ) machine can carry a 40 mm grenade launcher or a M240B medium machine gun .
Or , if the robot 's operators want their killer ' bot to be a little less - lethal , the thing can be equipped with a laser dazzler , a loudspeaker , or pepper spray .
After years of safety testing and modifications , three of MAARS kill - bot predecessors were sent to Iraq in 2007 .
But after nearly nine months in the field , safety concerns ( among other reasons ) have kept those machines from firing a shot in combat .
So MAARS ' makers keep emphasizing how safe their lethal machine is .
Software controls allow the robot's driver to select fire and no- fire zones .
A mechanical range fan keeps MAARS ' gun pointed away from friendly positions .
" MAARS was developed with safety as the number one goal ... [ and ] will continue to be tested exhaustively under various conditions in the coming months to ensure full compliance with standards and a safety release for fielding , " the company says in a statement , which goes on to reinforce that the robot is " human-operated . "
ALSO :
Internet service providers have struck a deal with government and the music industry to help clamp down on illegal downloading .
The deal , to be announced later today , is thought to include an agreement for ISPs to send out hundreds of thousands of letters to account holders responsible for illegal downloading .
The memorandum of understanding , struck with the BPI , the body that represents record labels , and the government will be announced today ahead of the launch of a consultation on the introduction of legislation to clamp down on offending .
The memorandum has been struck with the UK's six biggest ISPs - BT , Virgin , Carphone Warehouse , Orange , Tiscali and BSkyB - and includes a deal for all parties to work together to develop ways to deal with repeat offenders .
The agreement has been reached ahead of an announcement expected later today by the Department for Business , Enterprise and Regulatory Reform about a consultation on regulatory options to punish ISPs if they fail to take action against the illegal downloading of music , films and TV programmes .
" We have looked to ISPs to acknowledge their responsibility to help deal with illegal filesharing , engage in communicating the issue to their customers , and put in place procedures necessary to effectively tackle repeated unlawful filesharing , " said a spokesman for the BPI .
" Achieving this would represent a significant step forward and demonstrate clearly the collective will that exists to tackle this serious issue . "
It is thought that BSkyB 's announcement of a digital music joint venture with Universal Music earlier this week - the venture has no name , no pricing and no launch date - could have been a move to prove that ISPs are supporting new , innovative , legal digital models ahead of the announcements today .
In February , the culture secretary , Andy Burnham , raised the possibility of introducing legislation to crack down on illegal filesharing as part of a wide - ranging strategy paper designed to look at ways of supporting the UK creative industries and digital intellectual property .
At the time Burnham said that the government preferred to find " voluntary , preferably commercial , solutions " but that it would look to introduce legislation next April if necessary .
The strong stance by the government has alarmed ISPs , which believe that regulation is a step too far .
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Spain 's new Defence Minister Carme Chacon has banned her staff from using ministry computers to trawl sports and leisure websites during office hours .
The military has fiercely opposed the measure and accuses the minister of censorship .
The ministry 's computer system has often jammed because of the propensity of military personnel to check out football results in the sports dailies As and Marca , and surf the website of the weekly Interviu , which specialises in nude photographs of celebrities interspersed with gossip .
The ban was announced in a circular by Spain 's first female defence minister , who took office just over a week ago in Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero 's mostly female cabinet and who is expecting her first child in June .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In addition to those three named publications , Ms Chacon also banned access during office hours to eBay and similar auction sites , various blogs and chatrooms , and other websites where individuals can post items for sale or to buy .
A communique circulated throughout the ministry explained that the restriction sought to prevent " saturation of the network " that has crippled the ministry system on many occasions and left officials and military commanders unable to navigate or communicate by internet on defence business .
The ban applies not just to employees at the actual ministry but to all military staff serving in the headquarters of the army , navy and air force , which has prompted many Spaniards to wonder what exactly the defenders of their realm do all day .
The military 's professional association , AUME , condemned the measure yesterday .
There was " no justification for establishing filters or censors for the military , " the association 's head , Mariano Casado , said .
" Members of the Spanish armed forces continue to be second - class citizens .
We have to treat people like adults and not apply a paternalist policy , " he said .
Others criticised the ban for being selective .
" Why ban the Madrid - based dailies As and Marca and not the gay magazine Zero or the Catalan sports dailies Sport or El Mundo Deportivo ? " asked a regional commentator .
" Could it be because soldiers do n't support Barca ?
Or because the minister , Carme Chacon , is Catalan ?
Surely not , " wrote Francisco Suarez Alamo in the Canaries newspaper Canarias7 .
" It 's a bad show for the Spanish army if the new minister 's first measure is to filter access to the internet . "
However , many contributors to yesterday 's lively cyber - debate expressed amazement that the Defence Ministry had n't already restricted internet access .
Most ministries , and many private companies , already limit private internet use from the office , they reckoned .
" The ban should apply to all employees paid out of public funds who access the football - gossip , tit - and - bum yellow press , our national opium , " one blogger wrote .
Yet Another Coding Blog
7/17/2020
5 minutes to read
In this article
A Redmond dev blog ... from Sydney ; by Avi Pilosof .
In Silverlight and WPF , if you wanted to update the UI from a thread you had launched , it was ...
Author : AviP Date : 09/28/2011
In Windows 8 I want to have a file in my solution which is packaged as part of the application , then ...
Author : AviP Date : 09/18/2011
NOTE : This post applied in an the early preview of Win8 .
It 's no longer applicable because the bug ...
Author : AviP Date : 09/17/2011
This is mostly brainstorming ; I ’ve written some proof - of - concept ( POC ) code , and would love ...
Author : AviP Date : 08/11/2011
They say necessity is the mother of invention ...
A new baby plus a few weeks of paternity leave were ...
Author : AviP Date : 12/15/2010
No prizes for guessing what this application does , but I will reveal it just in case :
When you start ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/28/2010
My favorite way to learn a platform / language / technique is to just dive in and experiment , so for ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/28/2010
These little things can drive you nuts …
I found a great blog post that makes it trivial to ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/28/2010
The marketplace guys just rejected my application because the text was unreadable when the user ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/13/2010
When you submit your application to the marketplace , there ’s an option for including screenshots ....
Author : AviP Date : 10/13/2010
Windows Phone 7 supports the built - in Silverlight Frame / Page navigation system , which is easy to use ...
Author : AviP Date : 04/02/2010
This is an attempt at a collaborative post ; I ’ll fill in more data if / when people make suggestions ; ...
Author : AviP Date : 11/13/2009
The Model - View - ViewModel pattern is very good for forcing clean UI code .
Ideally , you want to end up ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/29/2009
I ’m unit testing a UI that needs to show some lists in various sorted orders , and I wanted to ensure ...
Author : AviP Date : 07/15/2009
My friend Darren who wrote the hilarious Buddy Knavery game has released a preview of his new ...
Author : AviP Date : 03/24/2009
I ’ve been playing with Live Mesh for a long time now , and have been loving it .
During this time I ’d ...
Author : AviP Date : 02/16/2009
The site is a little low on details / rules , but the prize seems pretty sweet : ...
Author : AviP Date : 02/15/2009
Do you maintain an application with a backend database ?
Does that application ever write to the ...
Author : AviP Date : 12/02/2008
An application I ’ve been working on has the vague property of “ displaying items on the screen ” , and ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/26/2008
Traditionally , handling command - line args in an app has been a simple case of reading arguments from ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/26/2008
Just stumbled upon this article by John Dvorak titled “ My Windows 7 Wish List ” , and I see the same ...
Author : AviP Date : 10/15/2008
Do n’t know why I did n’t write this before ; it makes code very readable .
Often when you write ...
Author : AviP Date : 09/30/2008
Eric Lippert has a great article on arrays :...
Author : AviP Date : 09/22/2008
Totally unrelated to programming , but I deem this worthy of a blog post .
A few weeks ago I decided ...
Author : AviP Date : 09/11/2008
Are you sick of seeing this error ? : " Code coverage is not enabled for this test run " I was working ...
Author : AviP Date : 08/17/2008
( The following post talks about ASP .
NET , but it actually applies to all UI - based applications , web ...
Author : AviP Date : 08/02/2008
Jeff has a good post here about code comments and that they should n't be used as crutches : Coding ...
Author : AviP Date : 07/24/2008
The Application Itself Firstly , here 's what we 're aiming towards : Live demo : Click to view live ....
Author : AviP Date : 07/23/2008
I 've always struggled with making my apps look decent .
In my head I can picture how it should look , ...
Author : AviP Date : 07/22/2008
L- Systems
We 've established that drawing the tree will use the concept of self - similarity .
To put ...
Author : AviP Date : 07/18/2008
Table Of Contents Part 1 : Basic fractal theory ( this page ) Part 2 : L - Systems - drawing trees .
Part ...
Author : AviP Date : 07/18/2008
( Bonus points for misleading title ) The Australian Team SOAK just made it into the finals of the ...
Author : AviP Date : 07/07/2008
Just read a post ( permalink is broken ) regarding how software engineering is nowhere near the level ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/27/2008
The finished product : I 'm having trouble finding a way to embed the SL app inside this page , so ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/23/2008
Tying it all together has zip to do with the physics simulation , but there are a couple of ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/23/2008
So now that we have vectors , we need to do something with them .
We 're going to use the concept of a ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/23/2008
If you know how vectors work , this is n't going to be interesting .
If you 've never seen one before , ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/22/2008
Table of Contents : Part 1 : Introduction to simple physics and vectors .
Part 2 : Details of the ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/22/2008
A fascinating series of posts about how this guy built a bot to play online poker ( for real money ) ....
Author : AviP Date : 06/17/2008
Thin , fat , thin , fat , thin , fat ...
Take a look at a simplified evolution of " The Client " , as it's ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/16/2008
Of course I 've heard of the Obfuscated C Contest , but this is the first I 've heard of the ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/16/2008
Some Silverlight goodness .
My friend Darren wrote this amazing game that has strong ties to those ...
Author : AviP Date : 06/12/2008
Next >
It 's everyone 's favorite time of the year again , when thousands of overcaffeinated journalists descend upon E3 with their live - blogged , 2000 - word diatribes on the most minor of details .
The objects of their unending speculation ?
The biggest games of the show , which , oddly enough , have been known to the gaming press for months and will surprise literally no one .
That 's why we 're interested in games that have n't been seen , announced or discussed - they stand a chance of actually surprising audiences .
Forget the heavily rumored and essentially confirmed " Kid Icarus Wii " stuff , we want announcements that come out of thin air .
This article goes up right before all three big press conferences ( we 'll be there ! ) so who knows , some of these could actually turn up .
Nintendo's been dropping hints all year , suggesting a game is on the way that 'll please both casuals and the seriously neglected hardcore audience .
Quote Reggie Fils - Aime : " The gamer is gonna be excited and the expanded audience is gonna be excited . "
What fits that mold better than a motion - heavy sequel to one of the hardcore 's favorite NES games ?
Punch - Out !!'s approachable arcade boxing ( heavy on memorization and reflexes ) is the logical next step for Wii Boxing , and as we saw with Mario Super Sluggers , Nintendo's not above tweaking Wii Sports 's basic controls and slapping some mascots on the box .
This one 's so likely to come Miyamoto has elevated Punch - Out !! to " I ca n't talk about that until E3 " status , seenherein a 1 up interview .
Thus , it better be announced during Nintendo's 9 am conference on Tuesday .
What 'll really sell this to both audiences is Balance Board / Wii Remote support .
Wii
Fit is flying off the shelves like Weight Watchers , so millions of people already have that hunk of plastic begging for a new game .
Imagine stepping up as Little Mac , ducking and dodging blows while looking for an " in " to throw some back with the ' mote or chuck .
It 'd be exhausting , sure , but holy damn in heaven would it ever be fun .
We pitched this one in our earlierNintendo 's Big Secretarticle and are so taken with the concept we had to mention it again .
Starfox , Kid Icarus and the all butconfirmed Animal Crossing will get us nerds hooping and hollering , but Punch - Out !!
would excite both sides of the game scene .
Sony 's Team ICO might be the most beloved , revered , fully - entitled - to - say - " I'm Rick James , bitch ! " game developer on the planet to have only released two games .
But , when those two games are PlayStation 2 masterpieces Ico and Shadow of the Colossus , it 's clear that the cult love is deserved .
The first game cast the player as an abandoned , horned boy fighting off shadowy monsters with a stick and leading an ethereal princess out of a crumbling fortress .
The second chronicled the sacrifices of a single young man battling to revive his beloved by killing one ancient stone leviathan after another , losing something of himself along the way .
Neither contained a single word of spoken English , yet both created a gorgeous , unique world with such moving stories and captivating characters that they 're constantly used as evidence in that eternal " Are Games Art ? " debate .
These are n't simply games ; they 're experiences , and you 're not the same after playing them .
So there 's the " why " ; what about the " if ? "
That 's actually established .
There 's no secret that something for PS3 is coming : Team ICO 's own job site says as much .
Yet , nearly three years after the release of SotC , all we 've seen from Team ICO 's first PS3 game ( possibly first two PS3 games , if a certain internet rumor proves truthful ) is an image of what looks like a chain coming out of a manhole , posted on that same job site .
Now , we 're journalists and not developers , and we know the PS3 is a tricky device , but we 're still pretty certain that three years will get you more than a single screenshot .
In other words : Somebody knows a whole lot about this , but somebody 's not talking .
It 's time to fess up , Sony .
We want this .
We need this .
And , truth be told , so does the PS3 .
Bring it now .
Or do n't , but realize we 'll just keep bitching about it until you do , because this is more frustrating than being told your next raise depends upon your ability to explainquantum chromodynamicstoHeidi Montag .
1. A Spoonful of Sugar made the Crude Oil go down
Originally a byproduct of drilling for salt , early encounters with oil were considered a nuisance .
It was either scooped up and disposed of , or soaked up in a rag , wrung out , and peddled as medicine .
At the time , oil was thought of as a cure all for everything - from headaches to rheumatism to deafness .
A bottle of oil - medicine with a picture of a derrick drilling for salt gave George Bissell , the same guy who figured out oil could turn into kerosene , the notion that he could use similar technology to drill for rock oil .
( More at An Empire of Wealth )
2. Petroleum means " rock oil " in Latin
Yep . petra : a rock + oleum : oil .
3 . Oil is n't actually stored or shipped in barrels
Though it 's priced and traded in the stock market in barrels , the 42 - gallon unit of measurement is just that - a unit of measurement .
The introduction of the oil tanker in 1850 quickly replaced the barrel .
In 1885 , 99 % of oil exported from the US was carried in barrels .
Ten years later , almost all of it was carried in tankers that could lug the equivalent of 4 million barrels at a time .
4 . The first oil was stored in whiskey barrels
So , why exactly are barrels the unit of measurement for oil ?
Mainly , because the first oilmen used whisky barrels to collect the oil after striking their first gushers .
According to The Prize , oil certainly gushed , and at one point oil was priced down so much ( or barrels were in such demand & scarcity ) that the wooden barrel was worth twice as much as the oil in it .
5 . Oil drink your milkshake
The oil used on screen in There Will Be Blood was actually created using the same industrial material used by McDonald 's to thicken their milkshakes .
" And I 'm not kidding .
That 's actually true , " said cinematographer Robert Elswit on CNN 's Oscar Blog .
6 . Oil saved the whales from extinction
Oil 's first use was to replace whale blubber in lamps .
That 's right , before oil , as early as 1645 , whale oil was used to light lamps and blubber was used to make candle wax .
Sperm whales had oil superior to other whales , and had larger heads filled with spermaceti , a waxy substance that made the best candles .
By the 1770s , New England was exporting 3-4,000 pounds of spermaceti candles a year .
But whales became less and less abundant due to excess whaling , and by the early 1850s the oil became a scarce commodity that demanded a high price .
Other forms of illumination were explored , including a form of turpentine and converting coal tar into kerosene .
Finally , a professor named George Bissell conceived that " rock oil " could be turned into kerosene .
Learn more about what Diana learned today , here .
Just because scientific advances now allow individuals to learn their genetic make - up does n't mean they should rush into genetic testing in hopes of making revolutionary improvements to their health , cautions a geneticist and practicing physician at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
" From a basic science perspective , the advances being made in genomics are important discoveries , but it 's unrealistic for individuals to believe those advances can yield meaningful information that will improve their health , " said James P. Evans , M.D. , Ph.D. , professor of genetics and medicine in the UNC School of Medicine .
" And even saying ' It 's not there yet ' is too optimistic .
It 's going to be a long time before the potential is realized . "
Evans , who is also the director of the cancer and adult genetics clinics and the Bryson Program in Human Genetics in UNC 's medical genetics department , will talk about how personal genomics will affect human lives at a panel discussion titled " Your Biological Biography " at the World Science Festival being held in New York City , May 28 to June 1 .
" The sequencing of the human genome revealed that in relative terms , humans are 99.9 percent the same , " Evans said .
" But in absolute terms , we are very different .
For example , a one - thousandth of a difference in their respective DNA profiles translates into more than 3 million differences between any two unrelated individuals . "
Some of these differences are medically relevant , in that they influence disease predisposition and response to drugs , areas Evans studies in his research .
And the differences are of interest in non-medical ways , specifically when they address ancestry , behavior traits and the innate curiosity humans have about their genes .
Sequencing of the human genome , which was completed in 2003 , also gave rise to commercial entities offering direct - to - consumer genetic testing for a fee , usually between $ 1,000 and $ 3,000 .
Evans worries that individuals may seek such testing with the false hope that they will get meaningful results regarding their risks for disease and actionable medical advice about how to decrease their risks .
" Much of the current excitement about genetics and medical genomics is predicated on the idea that knowing our genomes better will improve our health , " Evans said .
" In fact , for the vast majority of such risk assessments , the increased risk of an individual developing the disease in question is modest -- one - to two - fold over baseline .
And in few such conditions are there specific effective interventions to diminish the risk .
Further , there is little evidence that having the specific genetic information would actually induce a change in lifestyle . "
Society has tended to place an almost mystical association on genetic information , Evans said , adding that what to do with this new knowledge and how to interpret the information presents many unanswered challenges .
" Most physicians , by their own admission , are not geneticists and wo n't know what to do with the information , " said Evans , who uses family history and genetic testing to evaluate and counsel patients about their risk for cancer .
" Many who do understand the technology and how it is generated do n't know what to do with it .
So there 's huge potential for patient harm -- either for patients to be lulled into a false sense of security by this new genomic information or , in the opposite extreme , to have unnecessarily increased anxiety . "
And Evans said he can see even more extreme measures " where interventions are implemented -- for example , a total body scan -- that put patients on a road to invasive tests that they are better off not getting . "
Evans believes these challenges say something about how humans value information , but then fail to scrutinize what it really means .
" It 's hard for me to over - estimate the beauty and utter significance of sequencing the human genome and other animal genomes , " Evans said .
" The technology is very promising for all of us , but there is a big gap between having that knowledge and applying it for the betterment of human health . "
As everybody ’s seen , Sen .
Joe Lieberman ’s antics have escalated pretty dramatically over the last few weeks and appear set to keep escalating over the course of what promises to be a vicious election season .
But what happens after November ?
At the moment , because of the Democrats ’ razor thin margin in the senate , Lieberman has it within his power to turn the senate upside down .
If Lieberman switched to the Republican caucus , it would n’t automatically switch the leadership .
The parliamentary ins and outs are complicated .
But basically the current organization lasts for the whole Congress unless they decide to reorganize .
And since the Dems control the body the Dems would have to agree to do that , which seems unlikely .
But Republicans would start pushing for it at every turn .
And they ’d have the precedent of 2001 , which is not an exact parallel but close enough .
In any case , after November .
Five months is a long time in politics .
But there ’s a very strong consensus that Democrats will pick up seats in the senate — the question is how many .
But any pick up would take away almost all of Lieberman ’s remaining leverage , though he might have some thin remaining leverage on cloture .
But whatever .
Then , if Obama beats McCain , there ’s also a Democratic president who ’s really not favorably inclined toward Joe .
So if you ’re getting more and more pissed at Lieberman ’s antics , just a wait a few months .
Saddam Hussein will soon be helping to keep the lights lit on Toronto 's Bay Street – and wherever else the North American power grid flows .
A huge stockpile of yellowcake , concentrated natural uranium that can be turned into bombs or nuclear energy , reached Montreal from Iraq yesterday , completing a top - secret U.S. operation that included a year of intense diplomatic and military initiatives .
And it will soon arrive in Ontario , where Canadian uranium producer Cameco Corp .
– part owners of the Bruce nuclear plant , which is located on the eastern shore of Lake Huron and provides power to southern Ontario 's major load centres – will process the stuff , worth " tens of millions of dollars , " for use in energy - producing reactors .
The 550 tonnes of yellowcake – the seed material for higher - grade nuclear enrichment and the last major remnant of Saddam 's nuclear program – arrived after a two - week airlift from Baghdad and a voyage across two oceans .
Getting it here was a significant step toward closing the books on Saddam 's nuclear legacy .
It also brought relief to U.S. and Iraqi authorities who had worried the cache would reach insurgents or smugglers crossing to Iran to aid its nuclear ambitions .
What 's now left is the final , complicated push to clean up the remaining radioactive debris at the former Tuwaitha nuclear complex , 20 kilometres south of Baghdad .
While yellowcake alone is not considered potent enough for a so - called " dirty bomb " – a conventional explosive that disperses radioactive material – it could stir widespread panic if used in a blast .
" We are pleased ... that we have taken ( the yellowcake ) from a volatile region into a stable area to produce clean electricity , " said Lyle Krahn , a spokesperson for Cameco , which struck a deal this year to buy it from the Iraqi government .
Iraqi government officials sought buyers on the commercial market , where uranium prices spiked at about $ 120 per pound last year .
It 's now selling for about half that .
The deal culminated more than a year of intense diplomatic and military initiatives – kept hushed in fear of ambushes or attacks once the convoys were under way .
U.S. - led crews removed the yellowcake from Saddam - era containers , some leaking or weakened by corrosion , reloading it into about 3,500 secure barrels .
In April , truck convoys started moving yellowcake from Tuwaitha to Baghdad 's international airport .
Then , for two weeks in May , it was ferried on 37 flights to Diego Garcia , a speck of British territory in the Indian Ocean where the U.S. military maintains a base .
On June 3 , an American ship left the island for Montreal .
Yellowcake was n't the only dangerous item taken from Tuwaitha .
Earlier this year , the military withdrew four devices for controlled radiation exposure from the former nuclear complex .
Their Ottawa - based manufacturer , MDS Nordion , took them back for free , an official said .
The lead - enclosed irradiation units , used to decontaminate food and other items , contain elements of high radioactivity that could potentially be used in a weapon .
Accusations Saddam had tried to purchase more yellowcake from the African nation of Niger , and an article by a former U.S. ambassador refuting the claims , led to a probe intoWashington leaks that reached high into the Bush administration .
Tuwaitha and an adjacent research facility were well known for decades as being at the centre of Saddam 's nuclear efforts .
Israeli warplanes bombed a reactor project at the site in 1981 .
Later , UN inspectors documented and safeguarded the yellowcake , which had been stored in aging drums and containers since before the 1991 Gulf War .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
U.S. and Iraqi forces have since guarded the 9,300 - hectare site .
Yellowcake is obtained by leaching uranium from raw ore .
It has a corn meal - like colour and consistency .
It poses no severe risk if sealed properly , experts say .
Author ’s note : Project Wonderland has now “ forked , ” and the original team led by Nicole Yankelovich has branched off to work on Open Wonderland .
Businesses are moving beyond marketing in virtual worlds and are exploring other applications of virtual worlds ( see a recent Business Week article & slideshow ) .
Enabling collaboration among remote workers is one such application ( see our past posts and paper on this topic ) .
A variety of virtual world options or platforms have been available for supporting remote work and these include Second Life , Qwaq , Forterra , and Tixeo .
Last week I had the rare opportunity to see an emerging virtual world called Wonderland , the product of an open source project , Project Wonderland , sponsored by Sun Microsystems .
During a conference call with our colleague Nicole Yankelovich , Principal Investigator of the Collaborative Environments Project at Sun Microsystems , Becky Jestice and I were lucky enough to get a tour of Wonderland .
Nicole graciously spent over an hour to show us some of the impressive features of Wonderland .
The tour was so impressive that I want to devote a post to some key aspects of Wonderland :
Virtual meeting participants can use voice to communicate with one another ;
If necessary , participants can connect to a Wonderland meeting via telephone ;
Private conversations between participants are possible in a virtual meeting ;
Participants can share applications ; and
Anyone can try out Wonderland ( see instructions below ) .
Voice communication
Nicole sent us a link to download the Wonderland software beforehand and make sure that we are able to connect to Sun ’s virtual world server .
Since Wonderland supports stereophonic audio communication , Nicole asked us to keep our microphone headsets ready .
With a headset , participants get realtime immersive stereo audio with distance attenuation .
This means the voices of others present in Wonderland will become louder as you approach them and weaker as you walk away from them .
I was able to connect to Wonderland using Windows without any major issues .
Nicole was present in the in - world ( as they call Wonderland ) to receive me .
I was unable to talk to Nicole initially because of my audio settings and relied on the chat box at the bottom of my Wonderland window to communicate and resolve my audio issues .
Becky , who has a Mac , had some trouble connecting to the server ; however , an email from a Nicole ’s colleague at Sun resolved the connection issues for Becky .
At the time of connecting to Wonderland , Nicole , Becky , and I were in different parts of the world : Becky was in Germany , I was in Vestal , New York , and Nicole connected from her home near Boston .
Communication flexibility
When we started talking , I noticed that the fidelity of Becky ’s voice was different from that of Nicole ’s voice .
I asked her why and learned that she was using the telephone .
Wonderland has a neat feature that allows you to connect via softphone , which is built into the Wonderland software and connects to your microphone headset , or via a real world phone !
If you are unable to connect through your computer to a meeting that is going on in Wonderland , you can connect via telephone .
This option does not offer stereophonic audio but you can at least have a voice conversation with other participants .
Moreover , your audio is spatialized .
In other words , if your avatar is also present , your sound appears to be coming from your avatar and is subjected to the same distance attenuation feature as the sound provided via softphone .
There were times when I was unable to keep up with Becky and Nicole as they headed off to another area .
As I become more distant from Becky and Nicole , I could hear their voices trail off .
Perhaps the most impressive audio feature in Wonderland is that you can switch between softphone and a real phone on the fly .
This is really useful if you are having a meeting in Wonderland and need to leave your computer ( for example , you may be heading home ) .
You can continue to participate in the meeting via your cell phone .
When you connect to a Wonderland meeting via a phone and your avatar is not present in the meeting ( you are called an out - worlder in such an instance ) , Wonderland shows a colored orb representing you .
An in - world meeting participant can take this orb and walk around in Wonderland without breaking the connection with you .
This is a neat feature if someone wants a private conversation with you .
This participant can simply take the orb representing you and walk with it to a corner where nobody can hear your conversation .
Moreover , if this participant wants , s/he can hand over your orb ( and , hence , the telephone call ) to another in - world participant .
I believe that this ability of Wonderland to let you create a mash - up between a virtual world and the real world is very important for expanding the usefulness of virtual worlds for business collaboration ( see Becky ’s post on this issue ) .
You can read more about the ability to connect to a Wonderland meeting via phone at Wonderblog .
Sharing applications
Wonderland also enables participants to share a web browser , an OpenOffice document , and tools such as the calculator .
Apparently , you can also share Windows or other desktops using Virtual Network Computing .
Nicole opened up an OpenOffice presentation document and added a sentence to it .
She then asked me to take control of the document so that I could edit it .
I thought this was another great feature of Wonderland .
While Wonderland does not allow all participants to edit the document at the same time , it places the document on a wall in a 3D space shared by participants and emulates a real world meeting in which people in a room are looking at and working on a document being projected on a wall .
The sense of working with others that I obtained from this experience was stronger than what I have experienced during collaboration with my colleagues via Google Docs while talking to them on Skype .
Trying out Wonderland
Wonderland is catching on in the educational domain .
Nicole talked to us about the recent launching of the Education Grid , an array of Sun Wonderland virtual world servers hosted by universities that include Essex University ( UK ) , University of Oregon , and St. Paul College .
These servers will be provided free of charge to the general public and to members of the Immersive Education Initiative .
Members of this initiative will be able to conduct classes and meetings within Wonderland virtual worlds that they create on the Education Grid .
To try out Wonderland , visit Virtual Northstar at St. Paul College .
Click on the Virtual North Star Webstart button to download the Wonderland client .
Be patient , it will take a while to download .
When prompted for username and password , type in your name for username and leave the password field blank .
Then click on Login .
You will soon be in Wonderland .
Rather than trying out Wonderland alone , find someone to go into Wonderland with you so that you can try out the audio features .
Benefits of Wonderland to virtual teams
There are at least three benefits of Wonderland that stand out .
The communication options allow virtual team members to connect with whomever they need , whenever they need .
It ’s inclusive of people who have no computer access where previously those colleagues could only be contacted in a phone call or conference call .
I have worked with teams whose members did not have access to computing facilities and interaction with them occurred via phone only .
Wonderland also allows people to connect at any time , including when they are away from their computer .
Conversation is more natural – you can listen to someone in high quality audio and a person ’s voice attenuates with distance between you and that person .
Additionally , you are able to conduct a private side conversations if you wish .
It takes you one step closer to a real meeting by letting you share documents and see them on a wall in a virtual 3D space .
Where is Wonderland going ?
Wonderland is impressive for the number and flexibility of features it offers – we describe only some of them here .
You can check out the features in the current release ( 0.4 ) .
Upcoming releases will include new features such as enabling avatar posing and improved application sharing ( see the roadmap ) .
Project Wonderland ’s vision is to create the best possible environment for collaboration in a variety of domains , including business , education , commerce , and entertainment .
Because of its open source nature , which allows users to tweak it to suit their purpose , I am confident that Wonderland will find tremendous application in the future .
Similar Articles That Will Interest You :
Rethinking The Value of Virtual Worlds for Virtual Team Collaboration
The Future of Virtual Teams : Collaboration in 3D Web
Leading to Increase Commitment in Virtual World Collaboration
Sun
Tzu has spent about 7 years in Asia traveling through Japan , Hong Kong , China , and Korea .
A true fan of everything that is weird and strange , he decides in the end what is displayed and published on this site .
Sun has previous experience writing for numerous print mags such as XLR8R , URB , and Movement Magazine .
Sixteen years ago today , Johnny Carson ended his 30 - year run as the King of Late Night Television .
Johnny 's relaxed manner and casual interviewing style made him a trusted friend to many Americans , and was the sole reason that many families purchased a second TV ( for the bedroom , since The Tonight Show did n't wrap up until 1:00 AM EST ) .
Ask Dave , Conan , Jay , et al , who their mentor and inspiration was , and the answer is always the same : Johnny Carson .
Here are just a few examples of what made Johnny a cut above the rest :
1. Carson Made Magicians Tremble
Carson had always been fascinated by magicians , and at age 12 he sent away for a mail order magic kit .
After a bit of practice he became The Great Carsoni and performed for church socials and Rotary Club luncheons .
He never lost his interest in sleight of hand , and when world - famous " psychic " 
Uri Geller was booked for an appearance on The Tonight Show in 1973 , Johnny contacted his good friend and fellow magician James Randi for advice on how to keep Geller 's performance " honest . " 
Geller adamantly billed himself not as a magician , but as a true psychic who could bend spoons with his mind .
Randi advised Carson to have his own staff set up the necessary props , and not let Geller 's people near them .
Geller was visibly filled with trepidation from the get - go when asked to determine which metal container was filled with water without touching them ( watch carefully and see him gently nudge the table with his knee in an effort to get a hint ) .
Throughout the entire fiasco , Johnny remained poker - faced and never indicated that he had any doubt in Geller 's abilities .
2. A Soft Spot for Weirdos
Johnny invited his share of eccentrics onto his show , but he never openly mocked or belittled them .
That 's not to say that he did n't have fun with them .
Take , for instance , Myrtle Young .
Ms. Young was an employee of the Seyfert Potato Chip Company , and her job entailed sitting at the end of the production line and removing any chips that had too much starch or too many burn marks .
She began collecting oddly - shaped chips and that hobby landed her a spot on The Tonight Show .
Poor Myrtle almost had a heart attack , though , when she heard a suspicious " crunch "  during her presentation and thought that Johnny had munched on one of her masterpieces .
3. Quick , Cutting Remarks
Ed Ames caused of one of the longest laughs in Tonight Show history .
The year was 1965 and Ames was co-starring as Mingo , Fess Parker 's Native American sidekick on TV's Daniel Boone .
He had developed an aptitude for tomahawk throwing while filming the series , so Johnny handed him a couple of hatchets during a visit and invited Ames to toss them at a line drawing of a cowboy .
The slightly different construction of a hatchet versus a tomahawk threw off Ames ' aim , and he hit the target in a cowpoke 's most delicate region .
As Ames covered his face in embarrassment , Carson remarked , " I did n't even know you were Jewish ! " 
4. Animal Magnetism
Many of us city - dwellers would probably never have seen such exotic creatures as a Celebes macaque or a two - toed sloth if it had n't been for Joan Embery 's frequent visits to The Tonight Show .
Johnny was always a good sport about playing second fiddle to the unpredictable animals Joan brought with her from the San Diego Zoo , and he laughed along with the audience when a few of those critters used his designer suits as a comfort station .
5. A Tearful Farewell
Bette Midler 's musical send - off on Johnny 's final show was certainly poignant , but we expect tears at a retirement party , no ?
An equally moving moment caught viewers by surprise in 1981 when actor ( and part - time poet ) Jimmy Stewart pulled a wrinkled paper from his coat pocket and proceeded to read a tribute to his beloved dog , Beau .
In the past , Stewart 's couplets had been of the humorous variety , and this one started out in a similar vein .
But by the time he read the final few lines , Jimmy was having trouble with his voice and the normally unflappable Carson was wiping away tears .
You 'll want to have a Kleenex handy when watching this video .
Ten years ago this week , I was shot by Nigerian soldiers who , my federal lawsuit will show , were paid for by Chevron Nigeria Ltd. , a subsidiary of Chevron Corp .
I was standing on a drilling platform in the Niger Delta run by Chevron Nigeria Ltd .
More than 100 unarmed villagers joined me there to protest the loss of our fish , our clean water and our trees because of Chevron ’s oil production activities in our region , and to protest the loss of our traditional ways of supporting ourselves as a result of these activities .
The lawsuit I ( and others ) filed in 1999 contends that Chevron Nigeria ’s own documents show that it paid for , transported and supervised Nigerian military and police forces that responded to our protests .
They opened fire on us ; it is our contention that they did this without warning .
Two of the protesters were killed ; I and more than 10 others were wounded .
Still others were arrested and beaten by the Nigerian authorities .
Chevron denies a role in the shootings , but we ’ve sued Chevron for damages ; our case will be heard this fall in U.S. District Court for the Northern Division of California , where Chevron is headquartered .
A separate case against the oil company , again brought by Nigerian villagers who were met with violence when they demanded that Chevron clean up the environmental and economic danger it has caused , will be heard in California Superior Court in the fall .
Advertisement
Rather than take any responsibility for the May 28 , 1998 , attack , Chevron has engaged in a decade - long campaign against our lawsuit .
I believe the evidence will show that Chevron has attempted to hide behind its byzantine structure of interlocking corporations to avoid legal liability ; that it has falsely claimed that we villagers had firearms and that the U.S. parent company had no communications with its Nigerian subsidiary during the protests .
Chevron ’s public relations machine has engaged in personal attacks against me and the others who brought the lawsuit , even as the court has ruled several times in recent years that our claims have merit and deserve to go to trial .
The villagers who live near these oil facilities are desperately poor .
Most of our villages have no electricity , many are reachable only by boat .
These communities survive on subsistence fishing and agriculture that is being destroyed by Chevron ’s dredging and drilling .
Yes , the Nigerian government can and should do more for its people with its massive oil revenue from the Niger Delta .
But Chevron can do more too .
We villagers seek basic environmental reparations and support , like hospitals , scholarships and jobs to replace the fishing and farming we ’ve lost .
Chevron announced record profits in the first quarter this year of $ 5.17 billion , or about $ 5 million in profits per day .
In all of 2007 , Chevron spent less than one day ’s profits providing support to the communities where it works in Africa , according to its website .
It can start to redress its wrongs by raising that figure .
Chevron also needs to be transparent in its use of , and payments to , the Nigerian police and military and make real efforts to prevent and redress violence against local villagers who complain about the company ’s practices .
Advertisement
Ten years of misleading Americans about its record in Nigeria is too long .
It ’s time for Chevron to come clean with the public about its operations in Nigeria and to take responsibility for violence done in its name .
Low - budget filmmakers often regurgitate plotlines to make a buck or two on whatever 's hot .
Look at the 1974 blaxploitation flick Abby ( a blatant Exorcist rip - off ) or the recent Transmorphers ( which needs no further clarification ) .
Unless it 's a sanctioned remake , they rarely cite their source material … and even when they 're blatant about it , the casual moviegoer can pick up on what The DaVinci Treasure is trying to cash in on .
Let 's face it , most of these folks are n't claiming to be innovative .
But what happens when they do claim to be original ?
On top of that , what happens when the tables are turned and Hollywood rips off lesser - known ( or simply outdated ) features ?
It does n't just happen … it happens all the time – especially in genre films .
Just because their names are Ridley Scott , Michael Bay , and Sam Raimi does n't mean they should n't cite their source material .
" Homages " my adorable butt .
These are rip - offs , plain and simple .
Sure , they 're great films , and oftentimes superior to their originals , but they 're thefts nonetheless .
Gathered below are my ten favorite films that fooled us into thinking they were original … movies that " borrowed " so much from an earlier feature that they simply can't deny the parallels .
Can you name both features , based solely on their amazingly - similar plot descriptions ?
I could , but if you could n't already tell …
I do n't have much of a life .
PLOT : In the not - too - distant future , a ragtag group from Earth lands on an uncharted extra-terrestrial world , thought to be devoid of life .
Little do they know , a serpentine alien life form has stowed away on board their ship .
After take - off , the crew begins to disappear , one - by - one , as the remaining staff tries in vain to fight back against the alien presence .
When all else fails , the airlock is blown and the creature is sent tumbling into deep space .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : It !
The Terror from Beyond Space ( 1958 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : Alien ( 1979 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Alien , by a long shot .
Giger 's alien is a Hell of a lot scarier than a dude who looks like the Creature from the Black Lagoon .
WORTH NOTING : Both aliens love hiding out in air ducts while they dine on their victims .
PLOT : In an " original " story by Michael Crichton , a futuristic amusement park opens , offering guests the opportunity to safely become part of a world never before glimpsed by modern eyes .
Unbeknownst to the current visitors , an electrical short disables the safety precautions and , within minutes , the attractions turn deadly .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Westworld ( 1973 )
BUT CRICHTON RIPPED OFF HIS OWN SCRIPT TO WRITE : Jurassic Park ( 1993 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Tough call .
Both movies are great , but the rip - off 's special effects and performances are uniformly better .
WORTH NOTING :
In the Simpsons episode " Itchy and Scratchy Land " , the physical attributes of Westworld and Jurassic Park are combined to create the titular theme park .
PLOT : A group of college kids take a weekend trip into the woods .
A professor 's foreboding voice is played on a tape recorder .
The students are inexplicably drawn toward an ancient book that holds an unknown evil power .
Upon reading from its pages , demons are summoned up , which proceed to possess the kids , killing them off in various gruesome ways .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Equinox ( 1970 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : The Evil Dead ( 1981 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : The Evil Dead is monumentally better than the experimental Equinox , and the gore gives it an edge that was n't widely available in 1970 .
WORTH NOTING : Equinox also features an evil doppelganger of the film 's hero and a supernatural vortex leading to a medieval castle , both of which were ripped off for Evil Dead 2 .
PLOT : A man , living in strange facility , dreams of one day winning the " lottery " , so he can leave the compound and live the rest of his life in an unseen promised land .
Eventually escaping from the facility , he discovers that he is a clone , the lottery is a lie , and that both he and his fellow clones are harvested as spare parts for their original , outside world counterparts .
He then returns to his compound to alert the other clones of their impending fates .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : The Clonus Horror ( 1979 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : The Island ( 2005 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Somehow , the rip - offs continue to win .
While The Island is n't a masterpiece , Clonus can actually bore you to tears .
WORTH NOTING :
In both films , the male lead escapes down a steel corridor , across a catwalk , through a drainage pipe , across a desert , and ends up on a rocky bluff , overlooking his surroundings .
PLOT : A group of amateur filmmakers journey into the wilderness , hoping to capture footage of a territorial legend .
Little do they know , there 's truth to this legend , and something evil is actually lurking amongst the trees .
Pretty soon , the token scared girl is crying into the camera and everyone 's arguing like children .
When they start getting picked off , and only the cameraman is left alive , he rushes for safety , but is clobbered upside the skull by an unseen force .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Cannibal Holocaust ( 1979 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : The Blair Witch Project ( 1999 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Cannibal Holocaust is one of the most shocking movies ever made , but Blair Witch is just a better film .
WORTH NOTING :
The final " footage " in both films is of the camera falling to the ground and landing sideways , revealing one final shock .
PLOT : A lonely governess cares for two small children in a sprawling British estate .
Soon , suspicions are raised that the mansion might be haunted and the woman begins a personal paranormal investigation .
More terrifying than the strange intruders in her home , she eventually realizes that it may be the children themselves who harbor the supernatural secret she seeks .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : The Innocents ( 1961 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : The Others ( 2001 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : A dead heat here .
The Innocents is a chilling mystery , but The Others ' twist ending is nice , added icing to the story .
Its your call .
WORTH NOTING : Makers of The Ring ( a remake , itself ) ripped off various creepy sounds from The Innocents to put onto its infamous cursed videotape .
Did they credit the original ?
No way !
PLOT : A lone suburban teenager realizes that the block 's new resident carries an ancient supernatural curse .
The kid witnesses the evil neighbor take a date home , walk her to an open window , and then gets caught peeking at them exhibiting their supernatural bloodlust .
Soon , the teen 's best friend has been captured by the neighbor and made into one of them , but no one 's buying the story .
Looks like it 's time to team up with a local TV show host to stop the ghoulish menace !
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Fright Night ( 1985 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE LESSER - KNOWN : Never Cry Werewolf ( 2008 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Finally , an original that just completely kicks the crap out of its rip - off .
The only thing the rip - off has is Kevin Sorbo , but even he can't replace Roddy McDowall .
WORTH NOTING :
This is the only rip - off on my Top Ten that I actually second - guessed putting in , but the sheer balls that these guys had by trying to pass this off as a " Sci - Fi Original " somehow got it listed .
PLOT : A reptilian alien lands on Earth .
It soon feels at home in the dense trees that cover most of its surface and begins to do what it does best - hunt .
The hulking beast bleeds humans dry , but before it gets a chance to do additional damage to mankind , a team of tough - as - nails mercenaries decide to track it down , turning the extra-terrestrial hunter into the hunted .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Without Warning ( 1980 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : Predator ( 1987 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Without Warning was never released on VHS or DVD .
Predator is Predator .
WORTH NOTING : 7 '2 " actor Kevin Peter Hall played the alien hunter in both films .
PLOT : A young woman leaves the protection of her parents and wanders into the woods .
Three strangers attack her , brutally raping and murdering the young woman .
The criminals then flee the scene of their crime , and unintentionally end up at the home of their victim 's parents .
When the parents discover what has happened , they turn the tables on the murderers and calculatingly avenge their daughter .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Jungfrukällan – The Virgin Spring ( 1960 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE BETTER - KNOWN : Last House on the Left ( 1972 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Ingmar Bergman 's original is a beautiful , haunting film – but the ferocity of Wes Craven 's rip - off spiraled it into grindhouse infamy .
Last House did n't win awards at Cannes , but it stills blows your mind .
WORTH NOTING :
The gruesome story , which was originally set in 14th century Sweden , was again used in 2005 for the colossal horror misfire , Chaos .
PLOT : A Chinese guy , a cocky American with too much luggage , and a handful of others board a galleon to a mysterious island where they are forced to take part in a secretive martial arts tournament .
The guy who runs the place has a huge bodyguard who crushes people with his arms , but the cocky American eventually kills him .
The token black guy gets beaten to death .
The villain uses various illusions to trick our Chinese hero , but finally ends up getting impaled through the back .
THE ORIGINAL IDEA BELONGED TO : Enter the Dragon ( 1973 )
BUT WAS RIPPED OFF AS THE EQUALLY - WELL - KNOWN : Mortal Kombat ( 1995 )
WHO DID IT BETTER : Enter the Dragon .
Robin
Shou does n't hold a candle to Bruce Lee… and the original 's got John Saxon .
Saxon always wins .
WORTH NOTING : John Saxon does not get frostbite .
John Saxon bites frost .
Other honorable mentions can go to many more obvious rip - offs , such as Disturbia ( Rear Window ) ; A Fistful of Dollars ( Yojimbo ) ; Miller 's Crossing ( The Glass Key ) ; and the " inspiration for " ( i.e. complete plot of ) Star Wars , The Hidden Fortress .
The reason they , and many others , were n't listed here was because their filmmakers have actually admitted to " borrowing " techniques from the originals .
I realize there 's not a lot of wacky
Ted opinion in this blog , so if you do n't feel like commenting , do n't worry about it .
I just needed to write about movies .
You geeks probably know how that can be .
- Ted Geoghegan
HTML Version of this article CLICK HERE !
Other TOP 10 articles :
The Dark Knight Synopsis
The follow - up to the action hit " Batman Begins , " " The Dark Knight " reunites director Christopher Nolan and star Christian Bale , who reprises the role of Batman / Bruce Wayne in his continuing war on crime .
With the help of Lieutenant Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent , Batman sets out to destroy organized crime in Gotham for good .
The triumvirate proves to be effective , but they soon find themselves prey to a rising criminal mastermind known as the Joker , who thrusts Gotham into anarchy and forces the Dark Knight ever closer to crossing the fine line between hero and vigilante .
Academy Award nominee Heath Ledger ( " Brokeback Mountain " ) stars as arch - villain The Joker , and Aaron Eckhart plays District Attorney Harvey Dent .
Maggie Gyllenhaal joins the cast in the role of Rachel Dawes .
Returning from " Batman Begins " are Gary Oldman as Lieutenant Jim Gordon ; Oscar winner Michael Caine ( " The Cider House Rules " ) as Alfred ; and Oscar winner Morgan Freeman ( " Million Dollar Baby " ) as Lucius Fox .
Warner Bros .
Pictures presents , in association with Legendary Pictures , a Syncopy Production , a Christopher Nolan film , " The Dark Knight . "
Nolan directed the film from a screenplay written by Jonathan Nolan and Christopher Nolan , story by Christopher Nolan & David S. Goyer .
Charles Roven , Emma Thomas and Christopher Nolan are the producers , with Benjamin Melniker , Michael E. Uslan , Kevin De La Noy and Thomas Tull serving as executive producers .
" The Dark Knight " is based upon characters appearing in comic books published by DC Comics .
Batman was created by Bob Kane .
Find out more about The Dark Knight :
( CNN ) --
An effort to block a wide - ranging overhaul of U.S. wiretapping laws failed in the Senate on Wednesday , with opponents mustering only 15 votes against the bill in a procedural vote .
Democrats joined Republicans on Wednesday to push a bill forward for an overhaul of wiretapping laws .
Language that appears likely to let telecommunications companies escape lawsuits over the Bush administration 's warrantless surveillance program drew sharp opposition from liberal Democrats such as Wisconsin Sen.
Russ Feingold .
Feingold said the bill would be a " get out of jail free " card for companies that went along with a program critics say was illegal , and would give the government sweeping powers to spy on Americans .
" This legislation is going to be remembered as the legislation in which Congress granted the executive branch the power to sweep up all of our international communications , with very few controls or oversight , " he said .
Eighty senators , including most Democrats , joined Republicans in voting to move the bill forward .
The vote was well beyond the 60 needed to break the threat of a filibuster .
The House of Representatives voted last week to overhaul the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which requires a secret court to sign off on domestic electronic surveillance in intelligence cases .
The law was passed in 1978 in response to Watergate - era wiretapping abuses .
The Bush administration and the bill 's supporters argue that modern technology requires that the law be updated to allow intelligence agencies to spy on phone or Internet traffic overseas that might be routed through switches in the United States .
Do n't Miss
House approves overhaul of wiretap laws
" As telecommunications technology has changed , intelligence agencies have been presented with collection opportunities inside the United States against targets overseas , " said Sen.
Jay Rockefeller , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
" Yet because of the way FISA was written in 1978 , they could not take full advantage of these new opportunities . "
Supporters say the new bill requires court oversight of communications intercepts and will prevent future presidents from launching another program like the one the Bush administration acknowledged in 2005 .
All About U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court • Espionage and Intelligence • U.S. Congress
If you are the CEO of a company should you make it easy for your
customers to reach you or should you make it as difficult as possible ?
The answer …it depends .
If you and your company specialize in happy customers ( like Zappos ) then you have nothing to fear .
If your company is part of the axis of misery
( banks , cell phone providers and airlines ) then in order to get your
important CEO work done you have to make it as difficult as possible
for your customers to reach you ( just try to find a way to reach Ralph
de la Vega , AT&T Wireless ’ CEO ) .
So here ’s my question … if you are having to avoid your customers … what does that say about your company ?
Tony Hsieh ( CEO of Zappos )
started following me on Twitter … just because I was a customer who had
blogged about the company .
I gauranty you if I had a problem , not only
would he want to know about it , he ’d get it fixed right away .
I have a problem with AT&T
( a company I would love to be able to rave about because of their relationship with Apple ) and
its virtually impossible for me to find someone who cares let alone
someone with the authority to actually fix my problem .
Ralph de la Vega and the AT&T Wireless executives would do well to study Zappos Core Value # 6 : " Build Open and Honest Relationships With Communication . "
If you find yourself doing everything you can to build an impenetrable wall between you and your customers maybe you need to ask
yourself why …and if you ’re the CEO maybe , just maybe you could do
something to change it .
P.S. If you ’re trying to reach the folks who care at AT &T … skip customer service and go straight here :
The phone numbers for AT&T Wireless office of the president are :
Eastern States 877-707-6220
Western States 800-498-1912
The Neighborhood Network Watch 's Emissary to the Department of Homeland Security , Emery Martin , introduces and discusses the new Home Network Awareness Program ( HNAP ) .
Please also watch the accompanying HNAP instructional video .
This page requires Quicktime Player 7 .
You may download it here .
Expecting Big Win in W.Va. , Clinton Fights
On Against great odds , Clinton fights on and some wonder whether it's for VP shot .
May 13 , 2008  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , is expected to win Tuesday 's West Virginia primary by a landslide .
But because she 's still trailing Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , by nearly 200 delegates , even a big win may do little to revive her chances of securing the party 's nomination .
Long Odds But Clinton Fights On
Clinton shows no sign of giving up despite the seemingly insurmountable odds , calling the state a " crucial turning point . "
She and former President Clinton have made 29 campaign stops in West Virginia ; Obama has made three .
In a new video for her die - hard fans , a subdued Clinton shares her appreciation : " Well , we could n't have competed without your help , and really without your sustaining friendship and support . "
Her tone is strikingly different from that cheery first message announcing her run , in which she said , " Let 's talk , let 's chat , let 's start a dialogue . "
Clinton could be staying in the race to get the vice presidency on the Obama ticket , some political observers say .
A new poll shows that 39 percent of Democrats want Clinton to be the vice presidential nominee , but ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos reports that " there has been no discussion between the candidates about it [ the vice presidency ] at all . "
Paula Shrobak , a school teacher , said a win in West Virginia might help Clinton secure the number two spot on the ticket .
" She has to go the long haul .
She has to show she can get these last few states so that possibly as a vice presidential candidate she would be valuable , " Shrobak said .
Loyal Clinton supporters such as Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , have even started to hint at it , according to Stephanopoulos , who added that the " Obama team may be worried that picking Clinton could undermine their message of change . "
Race and the Race in West Virginia
Late Monday night in Fairmont , W.Va. , Clinton made an impassioned plea to a rally of supporters , saying , " Let 's show the world that West Virginia knows what kind of president we need . "
For now , West Virginians , 96 percent of them white , seem determined to keep fighting alongside her .
" I do n't care what the exit polls say , " one female supporter said .
" I do n't care what the other politicians say , strategists say .
I just , I want her to win and I 'm gonna work for her until the end . "
Janice Morgan said she still believes Clinton can win the White House .
" I still think she 'll just come out .
I think she 'll carry West Virginia and especially if they go back and count Florida and those ( other states ) that will bring her up . "
Morgan also said she does n't like Obama 's background .
She is under the mistaken impression that Obama is a Muslim and does not believe his statements to the contrary .
" He 's a Muslim you know and that has a lot to do with it .
I 'd just rather have Hillary . "
Indeed , a nationwide poll in April 2007 showed that 15 percent of Americans still erroneously thought Obama was a Muslim .
Sen. Obama is a practicing Christian .
Stephanopoulos said that the " the Obama campaign knows they have work to do to clean up the primaries " and to reach out to voters like those in West Virginia .
He pointed out that Obama wore a flag pin in the state Monday .
" They have to address these perceptions that he 's Muslim and not patriotic , " Stephanopoulos said .
" He 's also going on a tour .
He 'll be in Missouri , an area that Sen. Clinton won during the primaries .
Tomorrow he 's going to a McCain country in Michigan .
Next week he 's spending three full days in Florida , where he 's going to campaign across the state , trying to make inroads , especially with Jewish voters who have been slow to support Sen. Obama . "
Turning Toward McCain
Stephanopoulos added that the Obama campaign will be playing up the issue of choice with younger independent and Republican women to draw support away from Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz .
Both Clinton and Obama are spending Tuesday morning in Washington , D.C .
With so many people wondering about a joint ticket , a lot of eyes will be watching to see whether they cross paths while attending to their Senate duties .
Clinton heads back to West Virginia Tuesday evening , seeking a big victory to stay in the race .
Meanwhile , Obama heads straight to Missouri , with his sights clearly set on the general election .
The Republican Party of Minnesota is concerned that Ron Paul supporters could take control of the Republican state convention in Rochester this weekend .
Paul supporters are touting the likelihood of a Ron Paul appearance during the convention , while party officials are asking delegates and alternates supportive of Sen.
John McCain to show up early to thwart any movement by Paul supporters .
Ron Carey , Republican Party of Minnesota chair , and Marianne Stebbins , Minnesota campaign coordinator for Ron Paul , exchanged several e-mails this weekend that were reposted on local blogs .
They afford a rare glimpse of some of the internal frustrations that Republicans are experiencing over McCain and Paul , a disagreement that ’s likely to go all the way to the national convention in St. Paul in September .
You can read the full exchange below :
Subject : We NEED you at the state convention .
( You do n’t want to miss Ron Paul live ! )
There is some great news which I hope will ensure your attendance next week in Rochester : we are 95 % certain that Ron Paul will be in Rochester to speak to us early Friday morning , May 30 ( 7:30 AM , most likely ) .
We will be sending an email with the specifics as soon as they are firmed up .
- Snip – edit for length -
Long story short , in order for us to win these fourteen national delegate spots , we need every last delegate and alternate for Ron Paul there .
Alternates will be seated and will probably make the difference for us .
It ’s going to be a squeaker , and could easily come down to one or two votes .
Marianne Stebbins
— –Original Message — –
From : Ron W. Carey
To : [ deleted ]
Sent : Thu , 22 May 2008 10:12 am
Subject : Turn out your folks , please !
Leadership team ,
We need to realize that all the planning in the world is for naught if our traditional conservative Republican Delegates and Alternates do not turn out in Rochester next week .
I ’ve provided below a memo that has gone out to all the Ron Paul supporters to motivate their base .
Every Ron Paul supporter will be in Rochester to swell their ranks .
Empty chairs will be filled with Ron Paul Alternates .
Please take this as a serious challenge .
I need your help to motivate EVERY member of your delegation to get to Rochester and be in their chairs at 9 AM Friday at the latest ( not 10 AM …..9 AM ) .
In Oklahoma , the Ron Paul people immediately tried to take control of the convention as soon as the gavel went down .
We need to have a full convention delegation that reflects the strong majority support across the state for our presumptive nominee , John McCain .
Please work with your BPOU leadership to get people in Rochester who support John McCain by early Friday AM .
By the way , we are finalizing the speaker roster for Thursday night ’s rally and reception at the Convention Center ; one of our nation ’s leading conservatives is planning to headline the event .
I hope to have the details to you in the next twenty - four hours so you can use this information to further motivate your folks to be in Rochester early .
Please make convention turnout a priority on your schedule in the next few days .
Thanks for your leadership !
Ron
From : Marianne Stebbins Ron Paul 2008
Date : Fri , May 23 , 2008 at 8:06 PM
Subject : Need More Motivation ?
Ron Carey is using our messages to turn out McCain delegates
Below you will see that MN GOP Chairman , Ron Carey , forwarded my message to you from a couple days ago to his insiders .
Makes us wonder what “ planning ” he is talking about .
We do know that he is doing nothing else but worrying about the Ron Paul Republicans , unwarranted , when he should be doing his job , has a general election coming up , and an entire state ’s worth of Republicans relying on him .
There are many Republican delegates and State Central Committee members out there who clearly feel the same way considering the growing rumors surrounding next Saturday ’s State Central Committee meeting ( something we have nothing to do with ) .
We ’re also told that McCain has been given the full state delegate list , something the Party has refused to share with our campaign as they are ethically obligated to do , and that the McCain campaign is calling delegates to get them to show up .
All we are asking for is a fair , open process .
Rumor has it we ’re not going to get that .
We do need each of you there to ensure that the ground rules ARE fair .
Please do plan to attend next Friday .
Your country , the future of the Republican Party , and the interests of fair , honest elections are depending on you .
Liberty is to faction , what air is to fire , an ailment without which it instantly expires .
But it could not be a less folly to abolish liberty , which is essential to political life , because it nourishes faction , than it would be to wish the annihilation of air , which is essential to animal life , because it imparts to fire its destructive agency .
James Madison , Federalist 10
4th president of US ( 1751 – 1836 )
I love this quote .
It is simple and to the point and is part and party to my proposal .
As most of you are aware that have read my column , I am a big fan of the life 's work and astounding collection of written and living political philosophy that Is Dr. Ron Paul .
I have been reading a lot of articles on where the Ron Paul movement should go from here .
Many of them are kind of fatalistic others are just one person 's perspective but instructional to read just to know how many people are thinking on this subject .
What is obvious to me at least is this was not just a Libertarian or Conservative Republican movement .
While both of these groups have strong Liberty Factions they do not have a corner on the market so to speak .
I think what must happen is that the various Liberty Factions that came together in this effort around the election to President of Congressman Ron Paul should remain engaged .
They all have more common ground than they have differences .
If there is no strong majority represented by the third parties as is evident from the voter turnout then the various party Liberty Factions must engage and coordinate our efforts with no regard for party affiliation .
We have a strong central source for our ideas already present and it is not Dr. Paul but in fact it is the US Constitution and our Bill of Rights .
I must admit that an education in the Federalist Papers is important to understand the signer 's intent to further guide our discussion and actions but everyone that is reading from the same page in the American Revolution should all be solidly behind each other no matter the party they belong to .
I propose that this effort be carefully and consciously reformed into an Alliance of Liberty Factions , or an “ Alliance of Liberty Factions Political Action Committee ” or ALFPAC .
The Alliance of Liberty Factions charter should read something like this “ Refer to the US Constitution and Bill of Rights for a copy of our Charter ” .
Or some such plainly clear message of origin of this Revolutionary thinking .
Thumbs up to second this proposal .
( edited on 6.30.08 )
Customer Story
Since 2001 , OmniMD has partnered with healthcare professionals and medical practices to transform their clinical operations , patient care and financial health through technology and services .
At OmniMD , success is measured by the growth and success of its customers .
Watch this video to learn how OmniMD enables Urgent Care of Westchester to focus on what matters most to their practice .
When the AP takes sides
In March , at a conference of the nation ’s newspaper editors , two of the Associated Press ’ top political reporters greeted John McCain with a box of Dunkin ’ Donuts .
One of the reporters was careful to get McCain his favorite kind —
“ Oh , yes , with sprinkles ! ” he said — and then passed McCain a cup .
“ A little coffee with a little cream and a little sugar , ” the AP ’s Liz Sidoti said .
Shortly thereafter , at the same conference , AP Chairman Dean Singleton quizzed Barack Obama about whether he would send more troops to Afghanistan , where “ Obama bin Laden is still at large . ”
In other words , the AP gives McCain tasty treats , and confuses Obama ’s name with the 9/11 mastermind .
Since then , I ca n’t help but notice that the AP has n’t exactly been neutral .
A month ago , the AP ran an article about the “ people who might complicate Obama ’s campaign , ” including Tony Rezko and Jeremiah Wright .
The piece not only read like a slam job , it actually resembled an RNC oppo dump , which for all I know , it was .
Two weeks ago , the same reporter who made sure McCain had coffee to go with his donuts wrote a scathing , 900 - word reprimand of Obama ’s decision to bypass the public financing system in the general election .
It was filled with errors of fact and judgment , and ignored the fact that McCain has illegally played fast and loose with the public - financing system this year .
And then this week , the AP ’s David Espo wrote a hagiographic , 1,200 - word piece , praising McCain ’s record of reaching across the aisle .
Reading it , one was unsure if maybe the AP had accidentally stuck a byline on a McCain campaign press release —
Espo went so far as to laud McCain ’s “ singular brand of combative bipartisanship . ”
For more than a decade , on tobacco , health care , immigration , judicial nominees , creation of a commission to investigate the Sept. 11 , 2001 terror attacks and more , McCain has championed high - profile legislation opposed by President Bush or others in his own party .
His record of accomplishment is mixed , yet he has made his willingness to cross the political aisle a central theme in his campaign for the White House in an era when voters are plainly tired of partisan gridlock in the nation ’s capital .
Wait , it gets worse .
In this midst of this sycophantic fluff piece , Espo slams Obama , too .
Obama , McCain ’s Democratic rival in the race for the White House , also lists bipartisanship as a congressional credential .
A recent Associated Press - Yahoo
News poll showed about 40 percent of the electorate believes both men would work across party lines .
Even so , none of the examples cited by Obama ’s aides , beginning with a bill to secure nuclear weapons in the former Soviet Union , placed the Illinois lawmaker at odds with the leaders of his own party or gave significant offense to outside interest groups aligned with Democrats .
Not so , McCain .
You see , if a policy maker reaches across the aisle to work with rivals on policies of national significance , it does n’t really count as bipartisanship unless the policy maker ’s party disagrees with the policy .
Who came up with this rule ?
Apparently , the AP did .
And just to add insult to injury , the AP praises McCain ’s record of bipartisanship on issues like tobacco and immigration reform , without noting that McCain completely reversed course and no longer believes in the position the AP is touting .
The Associated Press is one of the most widely read , if not the most read , sources of news in print journalism in the U.S.
If it could at least pretend to be objective in the presidential campaign , I ’m sure we ’d all appreciate it .
Incredible Scooter ‘ Lunch ’ Stunt
Are you a good multi-tasker , when it comes to driving ?
One Taiwan man shows his awesome multi-tasking skills as he pulls out a bowl of instant noodles and starts to eat lunch , while riding with no hands on a moving scooter .
He even pulls out a drink to quench his thirst , all while speeding down the street on his bike .
Of course , all the talent and multi-tasking skills in the world did n’t stop the police from writing a ticket a few minutes after the video was finished .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Debt Freedom
Plan I have 8 simple steps to debt freedom .
If you follow these steps you can get out of debt in 5 - 7 years !
Without debt consolidation .
While this may sound too good to be true , it is fairly simple .
Because of the amount of debt creditors will loan you , or your debt to income ratio , most , if not all Americans can achieve their debt free plans fairly quickly .
My 8 step plan includes more than just getting out of debt .
We will discuss why debt is evil !
We will talk about the myth  Credit will give you a better lifestyle . 
Then choosing which debts to pay off first , how to find extra money in your budget to pay toward debt .
Finally once you have achieved debt freedom we will discuss taking that same money you were putting toward paying off debt , to work for you !
These Steps to Debt Freedom Are : Recognize that you have a problem .
Hopefully you are in this step already , that s why you are here .
I will tell you in detail why debt is so bad .
Your debt costs you too much money .
Debt is Addictive !
I will talk about the start of a different mindset when it comes to debt & money .
Hopefully you are in this step already , that s why you are here .
I will tell you in detail why debt is so bad .
Your debt costs you too much money .
I will talk about the start of a different mindset when it comes to debt & money .
Stop going into more debt .
Cut up those cards !
This is your first test .
It seems hard .
Debt freedom has to start right here .
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , expecting different results .
You cannot continue charging all your needs and wants on credit cards and expect to be miraculously saved from debt .
Cut up those cards !
This is your first test .
It seems hard .
Debt freedom has to start right here .
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , expecting different results .
You cannot continue charging all your needs and wants on credit cards and expect to be miraculously saved from debt .
Track your spending .
You may not see where you are going to come up with the extra money to put toward debt , I am going to show you .
You need to use your money wisely .
I bet you are not aware how much you spend on going out to eat , getting the latte every morning , or stress trips to the mall .
It is time to shine the lights on this area of your financially life that you cannot ignore .
You may not see where you are going to come up with the extra money to put toward debt , I am going to show you .
You need to use your money wisely .
I bet you are not aware how much you spend on going out to eat , getting the latte every morning , or stress trips to the mall .
It is time to shine the lights on this area of your financially life that you cannot ignore .
Plug the Money Holes .
Now that you know where your money goes , lets make some improvements .
My tips are not just fun ways to save a little money .
They are ways to live a whole new lifestyle , a debt free lifestyle !
Now that you know where your money goes , lets make some improvements .
My tips are not just fun ways to save a little money .
They are ways to live a whole new lifestyle , a debt free lifestyle !
Pay Down Debt .
Debt freedom begins with new thinking .
This is a war that is waged in your mind .
Your self worth cannot be associated with the lifestyle you live .
It is time to stop comparing yourself to your neighbor , because if you do , you will end up just like them and 96 % of Americans who retire and die in poverty , reliant upon the government or family .
Debt freedom begins with new thinking .
This is a war that is waged in your mind .
Your self worth cannot be associated with the lifestyle you live .
It is time to stop comparing yourself to your neighbor , because if you do , you will end up just like them and 96 % of Americans who retire and die in poverty , reliant upon the government or family .
Pay off High Interest Loans First .
After you have listed all your debts and found your extra money start paying to toward the debt with the highest interest .
Most of the time this is your credit card .
Keep paying the minimum payments on everything else , but take that $ 300 ( or whatever your amount is ) and pay it , in addition to your minimum payment to your first debt .
After you have listed all your debts and found your extra money start paying to toward the debt with the highest interest .
Most of the time this is your credit card .
Keep paying the minimum payments on everything else , but take that $ 300 ( or whatever your amount is ) and pay it , in addition to your minimum payment to your first debt .
Roll - Up Payment Amount .
After you get that first credit card or student loan paid off .
Congratulate yourself !
Celebrate !
Then the next month take that $ 300 plus your $ 50 that you were paying to your lowest debt and add it to your minimum payment to your next debt .
So maybe $ 475 will be going to a car payment .
Then follow this system till all debts are paid off !
After you get that first credit card or student loan paid off .
Congratulate yourself !
Celebrate !
Then the next month take that $ 300 plus your $ 50 that you were paying to your lowest debt and add it to your minimum payment to your next debt .
So maybe $ 475 will be going to a car payment .
Then follow this system till all debts are paid off !
Invest .
You did it !
You have achieved debt freedom !
Now you have an extra $ 1300 per month ( as an example ) that was going to debt .
Now take that money and invest it in various ways to reach your goals .
Like my trip to Europe , or a cruise , or a motorcycle .
Those things are now possible without debt .
Save and invest that money and soon you can do whatever you want .
You did it !
You have achieved debt freedom !
Now you have an extra $ 1300 per month ( as an example ) that was going to debt .
Now take that money and invest it in various ways to reach your goals .
Like my trip to Europe , or a cruise , or a motorcycle .
Those things are now possible without debt .
Save and invest that money and soon you can do whatever you want .
Retire Early .
Because your cost of living has been greatly reduced and you are investing money early retirement is very possible if you want it , or maybe a higher standard of living upon retirement .
Think about your goals and dreams and then reach out and grab them !
Enjoy Debt Freedom Forever !
" A man in debt is so far a slave , "
Ralph Waldo Emerson .
New Articles Bankruptcy
Save Money
Collection Debt Help
Credit Card Consolidation
College Loans Suggested Reading Millionaire Mind
Millionaire Next Door
Total Money Makeover
First Things First
Think and Grow Rich
Rich Dad Poor Dad
Cash Flow Quadrant
Maigc of Thinking Big
The Richest Man in Babylon
6 Thinking Hats
How to Win friends and Influence People Custom Search
I had a very exciting experience this weekend that I would recommend to anyone in the Madison , Wisconsin area : I visited the Mustard Museum .
It 's largely a store full of any type of mustard you can possibly imagine ( I bought apple mustard and raspberry mustard ) , but it does have some very funny exhibits .
The Mustard Museum
( That 's soap in a mustard bottle , which I thought was clever ) Photos by Stacy Conradt Mt. Horeb , the town the Mustard Museum resides in , is also the home of trolls .
You know , those little dolls with the neon hair that sticks straight up ?
Apparently they originated there and the residents are quite proud of it .
Anyway , the Mustard Museum made me wonder about what other strange museums are out there .
I 'm always up for detours on road trips .
Below are a few that I found interesting - and one that I would n't stop at if my life depended on it .
The Museum of Funeral Customs , Springfield , Ill .
As you can tell by my Mustard Museum appreciation , I appreciate a museum with a sense of humor .
That 's why , strange as it may seem , I would make a stop at the Museum of Funeral Customs .
Its slogan is " Death is only the beginning " and the gift shop is where the fun is really at .
But I 'll get to that .
Among the interesting things you 'll find at the museum are a recreated 1920s embalming room , a recreated 1870 s funeral parlor , embalming equipment , a full - sized reproduction of Abraham Lincoln 's coffin , a scale - sized model of his tomb and railroad coach , and rare books on embalming dating as far back as the 16th century .
The Lincoln stuff might seem a little random , but it makes sense - his tomb is in nearby Oak Ridge .
But the gift shop is where the fun comes in .
Here you can purchase shirts that say " I Dig the Museum of Funeral Customs " or " Everybody 's Gotta Go Sometime " .
Sweet tooth ?
Dig into a chocolate coffin .
Coffin paperweights are also available .
Makes me wonder what people at the office would say if you were using one of those to keep your files in order .
( Photo by Wikipedia user Mycota )
The Pirate Soul Museum , Key West , Fla .
photo by Wikipedia user Deror Avi Pirate Soul was started by Pat Croce , the former president of the Philadelphia 76ers , Olympic commentator and writer .
It boasts a pretty impressive collection of pirate memorabilia , and we 're not talking about Johnny Depp ( although I would probably visit that museum too ) .
Croce has managed to get his hands on Blackbeard 's dinner plate , a real Dutch East India Company cannon , the 1699 Journal of Captain Kidd's Last Voyage , gold retrieved from Blackbeard 's warship and one of two authentic Jolly Roger flags left in the entire world .
So next time you 're in Key West , tear yourself away from Fantasy Fest , Ernest Hemingway 's house and Sloppy Joe 's Bar and hit up Pirate Soul ... arrrrrr !!
( sorry , could n't resist )
Oscar Getz Museum of Whiskey , Bardstown , Ky .
Photo by Wikipedia user Bedford I might be embarrassing myself by admitting this , but I do love Jack Daniels .
So this museum would be right up my alley .
It takes us through the history of whiskey from the Colonial days through the 1960s .
Artifacts include Abraham Lincoln 's liquor license , prescriptions for the medical use of alcohol and an exhibit on George Washington , who was the federal union 's largest whiskey distiller after his Presidential terms were up .
The Oscar Getz Museum is just one of the stops on the American Whiskey Trail , which has stops all along the east coast and Kentucky .
The Museum of Bad Art , Dedham , Mass .
Photo by Wikipedia user Sdedeo " Art too bad to be ignored " .
And with a tagline like that , how could you ?
This 400 + piece collection is located in the Dedham Community Theater .
About 30 - 40 pieces are displayed at any one time .
The piece above is Lucy in the Field with Flowers and it is the art responsible for the birth of this museum .
One of the founders of the museum spotted this lovely work in a trash pile on the streets of Boston and decided he had to have it .
Actually , a lot of the work acquired by the Museum of Bad Art has been saved from the curb .
Another popular scouting spot seems to be the Salvation Army .
I can't believe I was in Boston last month and I did n't know this museum existed then .
Spam Museum , Austin , Minn .
Photo by Flickr user thalling55 I 'm only a few hours away from the Spam Museum , so it 's kind of surprising I have n't hit up this weird spot yet .
At the museum , you can try your hand at packaging Spam , see how Spam was used during wars and check out old - school Spam advertising .
The Web site also mentions a Spam Spa , but they 're kidding ... I think .
Of course , there 's all kinds of Spam memorabilia for you to buy as well .
Spam earrings ?
They 've got 'em .
Spam flip - flops ?
Got 'em .
Necktie ?
Yep .
Lapel pin , mouse pad , three - legged pig figure , full - sized Spam costume ?
Yes , yes , yes and yes .
Mütter Museum , Philadelphia , Pa .
Photo by Flickr user John H. Kim I can attest to this one .
I lived in the Philly area for about a year and kept putting the Mütter Museum off .
The weekend we found out we were moving again , we immediately hit up this Museum of medical oddities .
It did n't disappoint .
There 's all kinds of bizarre stuff , from a tumor removed from Grover Cleveland 's jaw to a corpse that turned into soap to a plaster cast of Siamese twins .
It 's really fascinating stuff .
The museum itself is located in a really unassuming building of the College of Physicans of Philadelphia , but it 's definitely worth seeking out .
Finally , the Museum I will die before I set foot in :
The International Clown Hall of Fame , West Allis , Wis .
Photo from the Clown Museum I have never found anything remotely funny about clowns .
They scare me , and not in a good way .
But if you 're into that sort of thing , you 'll find exhibits dedicated to Bozo , Emmett Kelly and Red Skelton , among others .
Willard Scott gets a tribute because he played both Bozo and Ronald McDonald before moving on to the Today Show .
You 'll also find out about the history of clowns and the different categories of clowns .
If anyone has been there , let me know if you still have nightmares .
You ’ve probably heard by now about the gaping hole in keys generated by Debian ’s OpenSSL .
If not , the summary is that your SSH keys and SSL certs were selected from a fixed pool of 215 ( 32,767 ) possibilities , and are thus easy to brute - force over the network .
If you have any keys generated on a Debian system , you need to immediately replace them or disable the associated service .
It ’s that bad — remote login or root with only a few thousand tries .
Luckily , Debian recently fixed this 2 - year - old hole in this commit .
Great , right ?
Except , I made a quick comparison to the commit that introduced the bug , which shows they missed reverting both places the bug was added .
So they still did n’t fix it completely .
As a past FreeBSD committer and crypto engineer , I knew any commits to the PRNG or other such critical code were subject to intense review .
That ’s before they could be committed .
If a committer were found to have introduced such a fatal flaw , the patch to fix it would have been doubly - scrutinized before being allowed into the tree .
Apparently , the same guy who introduced the bug was left to screw up the fix .
Once more , this time with prior review !
Edit : a commenter informed me that there was review of this fix , and Debian decided to leave their implementation silently incompatible with the OpenSSL API docs .
“ If a Microsoft developer commented out seeding in Vista CryptGenRandom ( ) , they would be fired 12 times .
Then Microsoft would buy the next company that hired them in order to fire them again . ”
— Thomas Ptacek
WATERLOO–Could the world 's most famous physicist be headed for Waterloo ?
A report out of Britain suggests Stephen Hawking is considering an invitation to come work at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics .
The theoretical physicist already plans a visit to the city next year , following his public criticism of the British government 's cuts to research funding .
But he 's also being encouraged to move to Ontario by his University of Cambridge colleague Neil Turok , the mathematical physicist who will take over as Perimeter 's executive director on Oct .
1 . Perimeter confirmed last night that it has made a standing offer to Hawking .
" The door is certainly wide open , " said John Matlock , Perimeter 's director of external relations and outreach .
" It would be absolutely wonderful to have him . "
Turok is leaving Cambridge after failing to persuade university authorities , research councils and sponsors to spend $ 40 million to expand its Centre for Theoretical Cosmology , which he heads , into a Hawking Institute .
By comparison , Waterloo's Perimeter Institute has about $ 600 million in funding .
Turok wants
Hawking to stick around after he comes to Waterloo as a visitor in 2009 .
" He plans to visit me in Ontario next year for a month or so , and we would certainly welcome him coming for longer , " Turok told Britain 's Telegraph newspaper .
Sam Blackburn , Hawking 's graduate assistant , told the paper : " I think Prof .
Hawking is mulling it over but a move is n't imminent .
He would not make plans to permanently move to a place he has n't visited yet , but he is open to it . "
Blackburn warned that Hawking was " obviously a man of few words , so the first we would probably know of it is when he packs his bags . "
The addition of Hawking to Perimeter 's staff of top physicists would be a major coup for the research institute , founded in 1999 by Mike Lazaridis , founder and co-CEO of Research In Motion , which makes the BlackBerry .
Hawking 's name is widely known outside the world of physics and he has often spoken about the importance of letting average people access and understand his research .
Hawking , who has Lou Gehrig 's disease , has appeared on television shows from Star Trek to The Simpsons .
He 's written many books , including the popular science bestseller A Brief History of Time .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Like Einstein , he has crossed over into popular culture , " Matlock said .
" He 's a celebrity . "
The Record of Waterloo Region
Read more about :
Today 's American young people feel a deep connection to people in Tibet and Darfur , want to hold corporations accountable to environmental standards and worker justice , and value the role of government in meeting our shared needs .
Yet the Internet tools that help Millennials appreciate our interconnectedness may actually erode the community values they seek .
The Millennials , or the cluster of young folks born roughly between 1980 and 1995 , were raised between two conflicting phenomena .
On the one hand , they have grown up with new technologies that have helped the world connect more easily ; on the other hand , they have been raised alongside the rise of hyperindividualism in American culture that has isolated us from each other and the world around us .
As the Millennials were learning to walk , Ronald Reagan proclaimed that the only " excuse government has for even existing " is to protect the rights of individuals , not the larger , common good .
Having once played a cowboy on the silver screen , Reagan helped transform America into a radical Darwinian Wild West .
Industries were privatized , public school budgets and other social programs slashed , Wall Street given free rein .
Reagan 's British counterpart , Margaret
Thatcher , went a step further , declaring , " There is no such thing as society . "
In the neoconservative political vision of the era , people were left to fend for themselves .
At the same time , the world became more interconnected than ever .
Technology allowed the Millennials not only to imagine the children in Ethiopia , but to actually see them and , eventually , become their friends on Facebook .
Changing demographics made the new generation more comfortable with difference and diversity than their parents .
Plus , technological connectivity opened the door to economic interdependence .
Today , workers in China rely on shoppers in Chicago ; investors in Boston track the latest trends from Bangladesh .
And , via their cellphones , the Millennials are plugged into it all .
The political aims and vision of the Millennials clearly buck the Reagan " rugged individualism " in favor of the community values of connectedness , inclusion , and mutual responsibility .
But social movements are based on collective action .
The American Revolution , the struggle against apartheid in South Africa , and every significant social change movement in between and since has relied on community organizing , building mutually responsible communities to challenge the status quo .
On their own , for example , none of the activists in the civil rights movement had sufficient power and influence to end segregation .
Coming together in local committees , led mainly by young people , they used the tools of face - to - face community organizing , developing shared strategies to address shared problems .
And they took shared action ; in sit-ins and Freedom Rides , they formed groups that were more than the sum of individual parts .
By contrast , Internet activism is individualistic .
It 's great for a sense of interconnectedness , but the Internet does not bind individuals in shared struggle the same as the face - to - face activism of the 1960s and ' 70s did .
It allows us to channel our individual power for good , but it stops there .
This is great for signing a petition to Congress or donating to a cause .
But the real challenges in our society – the growing gap between rich and poor , the intransigence of racism and discrimination , the abuses from Iraq to Burma ( Myanmar ) – wo n't politely go away with a few clicks of a mouse .
Or even a million .
Millennials are poised to lead us all to reject the hyperindividualism and isolation that has dominated our recent past and recognize the deep interconnectedness and mutual responsibility that is our present and future .
The lone cowboy story was a myth .
Our greatest accomplishments , as individuals and as a nation , have almost always come from hitching our wagons to others and working together , not just in going it alone .
To avoid eroding the values Millennials so appreciate , and to truly influence the world around them , they must transform their online activism into off - line communities and build an effective movement for change .
From church basements to campus meetings to voters ' doors , Millennials need to add face - to - face action to their innate sense of community .
Sally Kohn is a senior campaign strategist with the Center for Community Change , which runs Generation Change , a training program for the next generation of community organizers .
Munster ( 10 ) 16
Tries : Leamy Cons : O'Gara Pens : O'Gara 3
Toulouse ( 6 ) 13
Tries : Donguy Cons : Elissalde Pens : Elissalde Drop - goals Elissalde By James Standley
Munster are now two - time champions of Europe Munster became kings of Europe for a second time as a ferociously committed display saw them edge past Toulouse in the Heineken Cup final in Cardiff .
Denis Leamy 's try and a Ronan O'Gara conversion and penalty put Munster 10 - 3 up after 35 minutes .
A Jean -Baptiste Elissalde penalty made it 10 - 6 at half - time before O'Gara edged Munster further ahead .
Toulouse levelled through Yves Donguy 's try but a third penalty from O'Gara clinched Munster 's second Heineken Cup .
Cardiff was the venue of Munster 's first triumph in the competition , back in 2006 , and the Millennium Stadium was once again packed with their army of passionate fans .
The two teams had featured in seven of the past nine finals and were owners of four Heineken Cups between them heading into the game .
With such European pedigree on the pitch it was always likely to be a close encounter and so it proved , although Toulouse enjoyed much the better of the opening stages .
They pinned Munster back inside their own half from the first whistle and although France scrum - half Elissalde , playing out of position at fly - half , missed an early penalty he nudged Toulouse into the lead after eight minutes with a snap drop - goal .
The French aristocrats continued to dominate territory but Munster 's ferocious defence kept them at arm 's length and Elissalde was reduced to attempting another drop - goal , which drifted wide .
606 : DEBATE Absolute class from Munster , heart , soul and sheer guts
SHAMROCK -PAFC
Munster had been unable to get out of their own half but as the half hour mark approached they finally established themselves in Toulouse territory .
When they swept the ball wide Doug Howlett 's outside break got them on front foot , and after Denis Hurley took it on Denis Leamy tried to reach out from a ruck right on the Toulouse line and dot down .
The Television Match Official ruled he had lost control in the act of touching down but a fired - up Munster pack turned over possession at the scrum and were awarded an attacking scrum of their own .
Paul O'Connell led a series of drives at the Toulouse line and this time Leamy was not to be denied , powering over from close range with help from a couple of his mates to give Munster the lead .
O'Gara converted and added a penalty three minutes later to make it 10 - 3 , but Elissalde landed a long - range penalty of his own right on the stroke of half - time to boost French spirits .
The match was very evenly poised but 10 minutes into the second half - just after Howlett had seen what he thought was a try disallowed for a forward pass - came what looked likely to be a decisive moment .
Paul O'Connell was at the heart of a powerful Munster performance Toulouse captain Fabien Pelous was harshly sin-binned for illegal use of the boot and O'Gara slotted the resulting penalty to give Munster a seven - point lead .
Trailing by a converted try and a man down Toulouse were on the edge , but Cedric Heymans suddenly came to life to set up a remarkable try .
Catching a deep kick in touch the France international took the throw to himself and then chipped the on-rushing Munster defenders .
The full - back re-gathered the ball , chipped again and , after Yannick Jauzion had kicked through , Donguy won the race to touch down for an extraordinary score .
Elissalde drilled the conversion from wide out between the posts to level the score at 13 - 13 and tilt the momentum back in the French side 's favour .
They began to attack in waves , with Elissalde ruining one incisive attack with a poor kick at the death which Marcus Horan was able to touch down for a 22 with no French attacker within five metres of him .
But Munster held firm and when they went back on the attack just after the hour Pelous , who had just come back onto the pitch , was again penalised , this time for not rolling away in the tackle , and O'Gara kicked Munster back into the lead .
As time began to ebb away the Munster pack took control of possession and they camped out in Toulouse 's half , with a Rua Tipoki - inspired attack nearly leading to a second try .
Toulouse struggled to get anywhere near the Munster line and although they managed a last attack with a minute to go Munster turned the ball over and in the process ensured they would become champions of Europe for a second time .
Munster : Hurley ; Howlett , Mafi , Tipoki , Dowling ; O'Gara , O'Leary ; Horan , Flannery , Hayes , O'Callaghan , O'Connell ( capt ) , Quinlan , Wallace , Leamy .
Replacements : Sheahan , Buckley , M O'Driscoll , Ryan , Stringer , Warwick , Earls .
Toulouse : Heymans ; Medard , Kunavore , Jauzion , Donguy ; Elissalde , Kelleher ; Human , Servat , Perugini , Pelous ( capt ) , Albacete , Bouilhou , Dusautoir , Sowerby .
Replacements : Basualdo , Poux , Millo - Chluski , Nyanga , Fritz , Ahotaeiloa , Lamboley .
Referee : Nigel Owens ( Wales )
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This week , typical of of the Bush administration ’s ineptitude , the EPA decided to take no new action on global warming emissions .
The EPA called for a 120 day comment period on the report , thus passing the buck to the new administration .
Republican California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger slammed the Bush administration ’s decision to not take action as further evidence it did not believe in global warming .
Why do we need a 120 day comment period on the issue of global warming ?
Did n’t James Hansen already begin the comment period 20 years ago with his testimony to Congress on climate change ?
Schwarzenegger , who signed historic legislation in 2006 that imposed limits on greenhouse gases , agrees saying the inaction :
really means basically this administration did not believe in global warming , or they did not believe that they should do anything about it since China is not doing anything about it and since India is not willing to do the same thing , so why should we do the same thing ?
Harsh words from a Republican who is considering a post in the Obama cabinet .
When asked about Obama last December , Governor Schwarzenegger said , “ There are things I do n’t agree with him on , but he ’s taken leadership on a very difficult issue [ climate change ] and we have n’t seen that kind of leadership in Washington . ”
This week , he even went so far as to call Obama the presumptive president in stating he would take his call about a cabinet position , “ now and I ’d take his call when he ’s president , anytime . ”
The EPA ’s decision to not take action follows a Supreme Court ruling last year that ordered the agency to devise regulations for polluting emissions from cars under the Clean Air Act .
Even though Schwarzenegger is upset the Bush administration failed to take action , he also stated any action would appear “ bogus ” at this late stage of the presidency .
Once again , the US fails to lead the way on climate change legislation .
Image : Speechable
Related posts on Governor Schwarzenegger and climate change :
I realize that I ’m a couple of weeks late on picking up on this , the latest absurd GOP smear of Barack Obama , but I generally try to avoid reading crap like this because , as Grandpa Simpson would say “ it angries up the blood . ”
But late last night , I had an email from a family member with the subject line reading : Fw : Fwd : Editorial on Obama 's Questional Internet Fund Raising Campaign .
Ordinarily I would n’t even open an email like this .
I ’m not a big ‘ forwards ’ guy plus the misspelling in the title provided my first whiff of suspicion about what I was about to read .
But I opened it and forged ahead with the email .
My family member wanted to know if I thought there was anything to this piece and I wanted to provide a well thought out response .
Clearly to appreciate my response it would be best to read the actual original email first , but I do n’t want to be guilty of spreading this complete filth , so long story short , the piece was presented as a New York Times Op - Ed written by Maureen Dowd on June 29 , 2008 .
The general idea was that Barack Obama ’s campaign cash was coming from some very questionable places like , according to the piece “ Saudi Arabia , Iran and other Middle Eastern Countries . ”
The author went on to imply that the Obama Campaign was claiming an average donation of $ 15 , which would require 13 million - plus donors to reach the total of $ 200 million which the piece claimed was Obama ’s internet fund raising total .
Where were these claims coming from ?
Well there were no sources offered in the piece other than a nameless “ insider ” who was one of Obama ’s “ internet geeks ” .
So without further ado , below the jump , is my slightly cleaned up for the website response :
Dear Family Member ,
Stuff like this makes my blood boil .
For starters , I am very familiar with Maureen Dowd 's writing and there is not a chance that this was her work .
There is not a single actual source listed in this piece and there is no chance in hell Dowd would put her good name on something with nothing to back it up .
Second , and probably the most obvious falsehood in this piece , is the writer 's claim that " We were told " that the average contribution to his campaign was $ 15 .
That 's absurd .
No where , at any point , ever have I heard anyone in the press or from within the Obama camp claim that the number is that low .
What the media and the campaign have reported is that the average is somewhere in the high $ 90 range , sometimes jumping above $ 100 .
For $ 200,000,000 raised that would put the campaign at roughly 2 million donors ... or exactly where they say they are .
Third , Obama 's campaign has run one of the most transparent fundraising operations possible .
If you visit opensecrets.org , a non-partisan website which I have used for many years , they rate Obama 's campaign right now at " Full Disclosure " and they have 94.1 % of all his money accounted for .
Yes , that is not 100 % , but with new money coming in every day it is impossible to be at a full 100 % all the time .
Finally , if there was even a hint that there was maybe a single foreign contribution made to Obama 's campaign the McCain team and the mainstream press would be absolutely all over this .
It would be front page news , Chris Matthews would lead off " Hardball " with it and every McCain supporter in the country would be repeating all the talking points about it .
I went on to mention that the person who wrote this piece should probably go to jail , not only for libel against Barack Obama and his campaign , but also for the identity theft of Maureen Dowd .
What really bothers me about this type of thing is that people believe it .
This could easily develop into a thousand - word rant about exactly how angry this makes me , but instead , for my sanity ’s sake I ’ll end this with a plea to The Stonecipher Report readers to comment or email me at StoneTSR@gmail.com with evidence that this garbage wo n’t work this time around .
Oh , and for the record , Maureen Dowd did not write the piece in question , but she did talk to the Huffington Post about it and denied writing it .
Here ’s the Sam Stein HuffPo piece .
New evidence deep beneath the Arctic ice suggests a series of underwater volcanoes have erupted in violent explosions in the past decade .
Hidden 2.5 miles ( 4,000 meters ) beneath the Arctic surface , the volcanoes are up to a mile ( 2,000 meters ) in diameter and a few hundred yards tall .
They formed along the Gakkel Ridge , a lengthy crack in the ocean crust where two rocky plates are spreading apart , pulling new melted rock to the surface .
Until now , scientists thought undersea volcanoes only dribbled lava from cracks in the seafloor .
The extreme pressure from the overlying water makes it difficult for gas and magma to blast outward .
But the Gakkel Ridge , which is relatively unexplored and considered unique for its slow spreading rate , is just the place for surprises .
Robert Reeves - Sohn of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) in Massachusetts and his colleagues discovered jagged , glassy fragments of rock scattered around the volcanoes , suggesting explosive eruptions occurred between 1999 and 2001 .
They hypothesize that the slow spreading could allow excess gas to build up in pockets of magma beneath the oceanic crust .
When the gas pressure gets high enough , it pops like a champagne bottle being uncorked .
With news this week that polar ice is melting dramatically , underwater Arctic pyrotechnics might seem like a logical smoking gun .
Scientists do n't see any significant connection , however .
" We do n't believe the volcanoes had much effect on the overlying ice , " Reeves - Sohn told LiveScience , " but they seem to have had a major impact on the overlying water column . "
The eruptions discharge large amounts of carbon dioxide , helium , trace metals and heat into the water over long distances , he said .
The research , detailed in the June 26 issue of the journal Nature , was funded by NASA , the National Science Foundation and WHOI .
National Geographic has produced a film based on the book A book about global warming has won this year 's Royal Society prize for popular science writing .
Mark Lynas ' Six Degrees : Our Future on a Hotter Planet has already been turned into a TV programme and is now almost certain to experience a jump in sales .
The book explains how Earth will change for every degree rise in temperature - from droughts to mass extinctions .
Mr Lynas was presented with the winner 's £ 10,000 cheque at a ceremony hosted by the UK academy of science .
The award is one of the major publishing events of the year in the UK .
Previous winners have included Bill Bryson , Stephen J Gould , Roger Penrose , and Stephen Hawking .
Six Degrees uses published scientific data and interviews with leading researchers to illustrate the changes we could witness in a warmer world .
Professor Jonathan Ashmore , the chair of the judges , described the book as " compelling and gripping " .
" It presents a series of scientifically plausible , worst - case scenarios without tipping into hysteria , " he said .
" Six Degrees is not just a great read , written in an original way , but also provides a good overview of the latest science on this highly topical issue .
" This is a book that will stimulate debate and that will , Lynas hopes , move us to action in the hope that this is a disaster movie that never happens .
Everyone should read this book . "
The bookies ' favourite had been A Life Decoded , the autobiography of genetics pioneer Craig Venter .
The six books shortlisted for the Royal Society 's General Prize were : A Life Decoded , by J Craig Venter ( Penguin Allen Lane ) Coral : A Pessimist in Paradise , by Steve Jones ( Little , Brown ) Gut Feelings by Gerd Gigerenzer ( Penguin - Allen Lane ) Six Degrees : Our Future on a Hotter Planet , by Mark Lynas ( Fourth Estate ) The Sun Kings , by Stuart Clark ( Princeton University Press ) Why Beauty is Truth , by Ian Stewart ( Basic Books ) The Big Book of Science Things to Make and Do , written by Rebecca Gilpin and Leonie Pratt and designed and illustrated by Josephine Thompson , won in the junior science books category .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You ’ve just spent the last 10 hours helping your buddy move into his new apartment or you ’ve returned to your campsite after hiking in the summer heat all day long … and it ’s time to reward yourself with a cold beer .
You can practically taste the suds as you hold the bottle in your own hand .
Only one problem : YOU DON ’T HAVE A BOTTLE OPENER !
Panic sets in as your buddy explains that his opener is buried inside one of the 50 boxes you just finished lugging up two flights of stairs , or you picture your opener at home sitting alone on the counter , a worthless tool in a beer - free landscape .
But all hope is not lost .
The following list has several simple and inventive ways to use everyday objects to crack off that bottle cap without breaking glass or ruining the dental work your parents paid dearly for .
Most all of these items utilize a solid edge to work against the bottle ’s cap and are closer at hand than you might even realize …
Buckle up .
Hopefully you are n’t the type who walks around with your pants falling off your hips – which means you ’re probably rocking a belt in the waist - land !
Your belt ’s buckle can also function as a bottle opener , and here ’s how to do it .
Take off your belt .
You do n’t want to try any sudden jerking motions with glass in that area of your body , do you ?
Fit an edge of the buckle tightly over the cap .
Using your thumb , push hard up on the other edge of the buckle , which should pry the cap right off .
Drink .
And put your belt back on before your pants sag and you ruin the party for everyone .
' Course if you 're slick , you can always ask the hottest chick to lend you hers .
This way you 're closer to third base and your cold brew all in one shot .
The lighter of my life .
You keep promising you ’re going to give up smoking and arson .
But you ’ll be glad you have n’t yet , as your trusty lighter can now aid your pursuit of other vices .
All you smokers finally have your opportunity to shine .
Just whip out your trusty Bic and get to popping them caps off .
Take out your lighter and prop the bottom of it ( NOT the metal top ) against the cap ’s edge .
Gripping the bottleneck tightly , push up on the cap with the edge of your lighter .
This should loosen the cap , if not completely pop it off .
If it does n’t take the cap off right away , turn the bottle slightly in your hand and apply pressure to another area of the cap .
Drink up .
Smoke ‘em if you got ‘em .
Celebrate your weakness for tobacco and booze .
Keynotes .
This is the most likely item you ’ll have at your disposal .
Here ’s how to do it :
Grab the bottle in one hand and your key in the other .
Use a key whose teeth you can wedge nice and tight between the cap and the bottle ’s neck .
As hard as you can , twist the key under the cap and pull the side of the cap away from the bottle .
This will produce a tiny gap between the cap and bottle .
gap between the cap and bottle .
Now that you ’ve got that first gap , repeat this process on another part of the cap to create another gap .
Repeat this process until you get halfway around the cap .
By this point , you should be able to simply grip the cap with your fingers and thumb and twist off .
If not , keep twisting the key under the cap until you ’ve loosened the cap enough to get that sucker off .
Paper dreams .
Let ’s say you ’ve got nothing on hand except ingenuity and a few greenbacks .
While you might prefer a 50 , it 's all the same to your beer .
Here ’s what to do :
Take said bill and fold it up several times over , until all you ’re left with is a tightly - compressed piece , which should resemble a “ V ” shape ( two folded bits that meet in one sharp , tight corner ) .
Take the " V " and wedge the corner of its fold into the bottle cap .
Jerk the bill up as hard as you can , which will result in the cap popping off .
Although this works with dollar bills , the bigger piece of paper you have to work with , the stronger your cap - popping wedge will be .
Dog collar days .
Well you ’re a beltless , keyless , paperless , pink - lunged wonder who ’s still longing for that beer .
Got a dog ?
Take it by the collar , pet its soft head , then remove that collar because its tiny buckle can help you out !
You ’ll basically be performing a variation on the belt buckle system listed above – it just takes a bit longer because chances are your dog ’s collar buckle is a bit smaller than your belt ’s .
And if you ’ve got a lap dog , a cat , or some other critter smaller than a bread box , his collar probably wo n’t do much good .
It ’s medium - to - large breed or bust in this instance !
Ring - a - ding - ding .
A metal ring of any sort is the perfect tool in this instance because its tiny metal edges can be leveraged to defeat any bottle cap .
This is how : Keeping your ring on , grasp the top of the bottle in your hand .
Close your hand over the cap , gripping it so that the edge of your ring is flush against the bottom of the cap .
Keeping your grip tight , lift up .
The edge of the ring will peel off the cap and open the bottle .
Be wary of using your wedding band .
It is one thing to explain to your other half staying out late drinking with your friends .
It is a whole different story explaining the gouges in your wedding ring .
Flip your lid .
Thank God you ’re wearing that ball cap to keep the sun off your face or the sweat out of your eyes .
But did you know the bill can act as a temporary bottle opener ?
Here ’s how :
Take your cap off and grip the bill tightly in your hand , squeezing it together so that the rim of the bill makes a rounded “ u ” shape .
Press the rim up against the cap .
With a strong jerk of the wrist , flip up the bill , which will rip the cap off the bottle top .
Drink .
Put your hat back on .
Assume frat boy posturing .
Bumper crop .
If you ( or someone you know ) has a vehicle that is n't simply fiberglass - and - plastic on wheels , then a metal bumper is also an easy tool to use to free your beer from its bottled prison .
Simply align the cap against the edge of the bumper .
Putting pressure on the cap with the hand that holds the bottle , strike the bottle with your free hand a few inches from the cap – the blunt force should cause the cap to pop right off .
Drink fast , as the action will cause your suds to come rushing from the bottle ’s mouth .
Bottle rock it .
Where there ’s one beer , there are sure to be several more .
This bodes well for your predicament , as this is probably the simplest , most efficient way to get that beer cap off , and no one ’s teeth , fashion accessories , or Chevy Impalas are needed for success !
Simply place the cap of one bottle just under the edge of another bottle ’s cap .
Jerk down hard on the bottle on top – the cap will pop off against the cap underneath .
Drink up … just be sure you have another unopened bottle to help you open the next beer !
Despite the initially grim prospect of being unable to open your beer bottle without a proper opener , the above steps will help you achieve beer - drinking nirvana with a few simple , handy , everyday items sure to be within your reach .
All it takes is an open mind , a sharp edge or two , and a little hand - jive , and you ’ll soon be known as the “ MacGyver ” of the brew world .
Now about those wine corks …
Here 's what now seems obvious : African - American voters killed the Clinton candidacy .
It is a fitting end to the Clintons ' campaign and an almost Shakespearean coda to their career .
The Clintons were exposed in their long - running exploitation and reliance on minority votes .
No group was more loyal to them than African - Americans ; and in the end , like everyone else , African - Americans realized that the Clintons are frauds , disloyal to the core , cynical to their finger - tips , and finally , finally , returned the favor .
A reader writes :
I found it striking that Clinton did not even pretend to be courting African Americans in North Carolina .
Had the tables somehow been turned and had Obama 's soul been implanted in her body , he would have made a show of at least organizing one major African American outreach event there or in Indiana .
Obama went bowling in Altoona , after all .
I kept expecting Hillary , ever since South Carolina , and certainly since Louisiana , to give her own major speech on race to a black audience in which she expressed sincere regret for Bill Clinton 's Jesse Jackson and related comments by her surrogates .
She could have done that while still stressing that her and Bill 's mistakes were innocent in their intent , but that she is someone who looks not only at intentions but effects and regrets the rift .
Instead , she let Ferrarro rub salt in the wound .
Do n't get me wrong .
Obama is such a talented candidate and such a symbol of hope to African Americans that he was going to get 80 % of the black vote no matter what .
But 92 % and even higher than that in Gary !
She got numbers in the past few states worse than Nixon and worse than Reagan .
After what the Clintons did in this campaign , and what they 've revealed about themselves , and their alliance with Fox News and Bill Kristol and Pat Buchanan , this could n't be more appropriate .
This will be history 's verdict : in the end , the Clintons were defeated not by Republicans , but by African - American Democrats .
How wonderful .
How poignant .
In the end , the karma gets you .
Maybe it had to be this way .
But this final coup de grace against these awful , hollow , cynical people is a beautiful , beautiful thing .
( Photo : Emmanuel Dunand / AFP / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
OPW INTERVIEW -- Mar 24 --
What 's your online reputation ?
Would n't it be nice if you could bring your good reputation together into one place to show it off .
TrustPlus can help .
- Mark Brooks
What is TrustPlus ?
Trust Plus is a Webwide Reputation System .
We allow people to aggregate their reputations from online communities and take them with them , wherever they go on the net , whether they ’re buying , selling , dating , chatting , researching or blogging .
We ’ve built a platform that enables sites to use TrustPlus as their feedback system , but what ’s really cool is that users can bring their reputation built elsewhere into the site .
Just imagine – now you can take your eBay reputation and use it to sell more stuff on craigslist , Amazon , anywhere else you sell .
Walk me through how the process works .
Your reputation is based on three key components : behavior , context and network , and it includes explicit and implicit behavioral information .
Your feedback on EBay is an example of explicit behavior .
You bought something from me , and I explicitly rated you AAA +++.
Implicit behavior would come from a site like Wikipedia .
Let ’s say you are Joe72314 on Wikipedia .
We base our rating on a number of factors such as how long your edits stick around .
But behavioral data is just one piece of the equation .
Just because you ’re the world ’s best seller of refurbished cell phones , does n’t mean I should trust your hotel reviews ..
And just because I ’ve had a good experience with you does n’t mean that everybody else in the world is going to love you .
So we look at the weight you carry on the network .
It may be the case that I ’m not very well trusted on our shared network .
Therefore , my opinion of you is n’t going to carry much weight .
So what we ’re really doing is building some interesting data based on people who know you and the people who know them .
Finally , people can add to their reputations through background checks and other services .
So how would Trust Plus be used on a dating site or a social network ?
The dating sites that we ’re talking to want to be able to leverage a 3rd party rating process to allow people to rate each other .
So a user will go out on a date and afterwards will be able to rate the person that they dated .
What really matters in the dating world is truthfulness - did they look like their picture or was their marital status correct ; that sort of jazz .
It strikes me that there ’s major potential for abuse here .
In the dating business , I can be a perfectly nice person and go out with another perfectly nice person and we can clash like cats and dogs and one of the parties could get very vindictive .
How do you prevent that ?
We ’re not per se in the business of policing what people say about each other .
You might have a valid opinion and there ’s absolutely no way that I can tell whether your opinion is valid realistically speaking .
So what is important is that the system is architected so that if people do n’t behave well , their opinions do n’t matter much .
If I say you are the biggest jerk that ever walked the face of the earth , my opinion only matters if somebody trusts me .
If the network does n’t trust me , my rating of you is n’t going to be very important .
So applying the whole networking component to this exercise really helps to isolate people who behave badly to everyone .
What ’s your revenue model ?
Does the consumer pay or does the site pay ?
It ’s actually a bit varied .
Some of the dating sites that we ’re working with are planning to offer ratings as a premium service so when you search for that 5 ’ 11 ” blond haired , blue eyed woman , the people with good reputations will bubble to the top of the results list and the people who do n’t have good reputations might not even show up on the list .
Some sites want everybody to have access to the reputation data and we would drive revenue by selling other value - added services .
Where do you see the online reputation industry going in the next 5 years ?
The reputation business barely exists , so doing a 5 - year projection might require a little more fortitude than I ’m willing to do at this point in time .
But I ’m happy to share my opinions .
Today reputations are very vertically siloed .
You may have a stellar rating on eBay , but be a jerk on a dating site .
The two reputations never meet .
I think that 18 months from now people will be amused with the fact that there used to be these big silos of reputational information that you had no access to and no control over .
Three years from now I do n’t think we ’ll do anything online without some understanding of the people that we ’re working with , dating , talking to or buying or selling with .
So I think there will be a reputation layer of the Internet that develops just like there will be a social graph layer and there will be identity layers .
All of those will be horizontal ; all of those will be owned by the end user ; and they will be pervasive .
( Promoted from the diaries by kos )
I 'm sorry .
I simply can't take some of what I 'm hearing on cable news as they cover the Clinton win in Puerto Rico and continue to repeat Clinton campaign talking points in her " rationale " to secure the Democratic Presidential nomination .
In the past three or four hours I have heard Harold Ickes , Terry McAuliffe , and Bill Schneider ( CNN political analyst ) repeatedly assert that Clinton is winning the popular vote .
I have further heard each refer to the 1972 Democratic nominating process , where Humphrey won the popular vote yet McGovern won the delegates , and McGovern was resoundingly shellacked by Nixon ( what that has to do with anything , I do n't know , but they 're saying it ) .
Yet there was only one caution , from Anderson Cooper , that Clinton 's popular vote " lead " over Obama comes with substantial caveats on the part of the Clinton campaign .
So I 've done my own math .
Up -Front Disclosures
First , it 's important that I clearly spell out what I am and am NOT counting in the math I 've done .
I 've based my calculations on two basic arguments the Clinton campaign is making :
That she is more electable in November ;
That the popular vote she claims to lead is indicative of electability .
So here is what I have excluded from MY math :
Democrats Abroad
Guam
Puerto Rico
American Samoa
Virgin Islands
None of these groups / Commonwealths / territories are afforded electors in a general Presidential election .
So going with Clinton argument # 1 above , they are excluded as electors are not assigned .
The Clinton Math
Here 's what the Clinton camp is basing their assertion on .
With the exception of PR , all vote totals were taken from CNN's Election Center .
Use the drop - down box to scroll through each state 's primary to confirm totals .
NOTE : The Puerto Rico estimate is precisely that right now - an estimate .
I heard on both CNN and MSNBC that the highest estimated level of turnout was 435,000 .
I 've been VERY generous in this assessment and have given Clinton a 70 % - 30 % victory .
This is what the vote totals in PR are based on .
CNN reported as well that Clinton is waiting , after the PR vote totals are finalized , to release two new ads touting having gone over 17,000,000 total votes .
Her surrogates will continue to push the " Clinton Math " , which is now clearly outlined above .
Just for giggles , here 's what is excluded from the Clinton Math :
Alaska
Colorado
Hawaii
Idaho
Iowa
Kansas
Maine
Minnesota
Nebraska
Nevada
North Dakota
Texas ( Caucus only )
Washington
Wyoming ANY popular votes for Obama in Michigan
MY Math
Again - my math is based on the two core assertions of the Clinton campaign ( electability and popular vote lead ) .
First the primary states :
You 'll note that I gave " Uncommitted 's " popular vote back to Obama because it 's ludicrous to assume that NO ONE showed up to vote for Obama ( eye roll ) .
Yesterday 's ruling regarding Michigan in the Democratic Rules and Bylaws Committee backs me up on this .
Under MY primary math , Obama is still slightly behind Clinton in popular votes .
But remember - there are FOURTEEN states that held caucuses which are NOT included in any of the math so far .
So I went out and did some estimating .
Democratic caucus turnout estimates for Alaska , Colorado , Idaho , Iowa , Kansas , Maine , Minnesota , Nebraska , Nevada , North Dakota , and Wyoming were found here .
I had to stretch on estimates for the remaining three caucus states .
I used this mention for Hawaii 's turnout estimate , this mention for Texas ' caucus turnout , and this mention for Washington 's turnout estimate .
I recognize that this is imperfect on my part - but at least I 'm WAY ahead of Clinton 's campaign in that at least I 'm trying to base my estimate on some objective , fair fact .
So here 's my chart :
The key thing to look at on this chart is the percentage won by each of Clinton and Obama ( pulled from CNN's Election Center ) and the estimate of turnout .
The " popular votes " ( e.g. , people who showed up ) assigned to each candidate is simply the total turnout estimate multiplied by the percentage won in each caucus state .
So you can see , in MY math , the totals for the primary contests and then the totals for the caucus contests .
So pulling it ALL together ( drumroll please ) :
When you use Clinton 's own criteria and apply that criteria fairly , Obama clearly wins the so - called " popular vote " .
A Closing Note
Of course , there 's only ONE math that matters :
But as long as her campaign wants to distribute misleading ( and frankly dishonest ) , cherry - picked " popular vote " figures , I wanted to set the record straight .
Enjoy your Sunday !
Ameriplan
The # 1 source of premium discounted dental and health plans in the U.S.A .
With the help of our company Ameriplan , you can have a cost - effective dental care plan and other potential benefits .
What sets us apart from other plan providers is our great attention to all of our clients ’ needs .
Ameriplan The Nations Premier Discount medical plan organization ( DMPO ) saving it ’s members hundreds of millions of dollars in Supplemental healthcare benefits since 1992 with the Ameriplan products , Ameriplan is the largest discounted Fee-For - services program of it ’s type in the U.S.A .
Need treatment ?
Sign up and start saving instantly !
Looking to save your smile , and your money too ?
We can help !
For over 28 years , AmeriPlan has been providing our clients with flexible and affordable dental and health plans without the paperwork hassles , waiting period or complicated reimbursement schedules .
Ameriplan dental offers the highest quality dental care without the high - end prices .
designed to fit your needs and your budget .
From comprehensive checkups to braces , our dental plans are dependent on your location to guarantee huge savings on a variety of otherwise costly procedures .
Whether you are looking for care for yourself , your children , or your entire family , join AmeriPlan online and see a dental provider today !
No waiting periods , No Caps or limits , savings 25 % up to 80 % discounts on all dental procedures , everyone in the household is covered for only $ 19.95 a mo .
https://youtu.be/Ez9uMvqygY8
It has only been a fortnight or so since the polar bear was finally listed as an endangered species under the US Endangered Species Act , and already conservationists have supplied some more names for the ESA ; ringed , bearded and spotted seals .
The Center for Biological Conservation was the group who filed a petition on February 17 , 2005 , asking that the polar bear be listed under the ESA .
They have followed the landmark decision approving this petition by adding the three seals for consideration as species under threat .
The “ landmark ” aspect of these decisions is that the polar bear was the first animal to be recognized as threatened as a direct result of climate change .
“ While the polar bear may be the first Arctic species listed under the Endangered Species Act due to global warming , it will , unfortunately , not be the last , ” says Shaye Wolf , a biologist with the Center for Biological Diversity .
Scientists from the Center for Biological Conservation believe that tens of thousands more Arctic species will soon need to be listed as endangered , and other conservationists argue that all species that call the Arctic home for a part of their life cycle be admitted to the ESA .
“ Arctic sea ice is melting so rapidly in the face of global warming that every ice - dependent marine mammal is imperilled and needs the protections of the Endangered Species Act , ” says Wolf .
However , as with much in the world of environmental news , it is very America biased .
This is especially true when it comes to placing the polar bear under the ESA , considering that the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) placed the polar bear on its Red List of endangered species back in 2006 .
Subsequently , they are working up a set of guidelines that nations can use to properly assess the threat posed by climate change to individual species .
The guidelines will cover existing methods such as the using climate models to decipher where the animal will need to travel too to enjoy conditions necessary for its continued existence .
However these methods do not include other threats like poaching or deforestation .
Subsequently , any one species could suffer much more than predicted by the IUCN ’s current program .
“ So you might expect that an animal ’s environmental niche will be much reduced but if it ’s in 50 years and it ’s something like a mouse [ with a short generation time ] then it could n’t be red listed under current criteria , ” says Lera Miles , senior programme officer at the UN Environment Programme ’s World Conservation Monitoring Centre .
Wendy Foden of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature agreed .
“ The current system wo n’t fail it , but it wo n’t catch it as early on its decline as we ’d like . ”
Thankfully Foden and her colleagues are working on a second way of assessing the future threat to individual species at the hands of climate change .
“ We are working with life history traits –if a species has very specific requirements , how will those be affected by climate change ? ” says Foden .
But as much as providing these guidelines will help , there then arises the question of just what can be done to help these species , because as much as we ’d like to think it was as easy as banning poaching or hunting , banning climate change is just not a feasible method ( though maybe something to look in to ) .
Source
credit : scubadive67 at Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Lee Rogers
Rogue Government
June 1 , 2008
Barr simply can’t be trusted to fully represent the ideals of liberty and freedom even if on the surface it looks as if he is intending to do that .
The Libertarian Party recently nominated former Republican Congressman Bob Barr as their presidential nominee .
This nomination represents a compromise of the principles that the Libertarian Party used to stand for .
Party members decided that they were going to sell out the principles of their party in exchange for some coverage in the corporate controlled media .
Is some coverage in the establishment media worth having a man at the front of the party with an incredibly dubious past pertaining to freedom and liberty ?
Although it is possible that Barr might have changed his ways and realized his mistakes for not abiding by the Constitution , his record speaks for itself .
Barr voted in favor of the Patriot Act , worked for the CIA throughout the 1970s and supported the phony war on drugs for several years .
The Patriot Act is one of the most tyrannical pieces of legislation ever passed in the history of the United States .
The war on drugs is entirely against the principles of the Libertarian Party .
Considering Barr ’s record of supporting anti-freedom policies and legislation , he is not a suitable choice to vote for in the general election .
If you want to vote for a candidate that believes in liberty and the Constitution , write in Ron Paul .
Barr won the nomination over Mary Ruwart who would have been a fine candidate to promote the Libertarian cause .
Ruwart is an author who has supported the cause of individual freedom for many years .
She is a long time member of the Libertarian party and had none of the baggage that Barr has .
By selecting Barr as the presidential nominee , the Libertarian Party has selected a poor representative .
Below is a blurb from a Bloomberg report talking about how Barr has upset many Libertarians with his dubious past .
Barr has angered Libertarians by backing what they view as abuses of government , including efforts to crack down on drugs and his vote for the Patriot Act , which gave the government expanded powers , such as wiretapping , to fight terrorism .
Civil libertarians condemn his co-sponsorship of the Defense of Marriage Act , which prohibits federal recognition of same - sex marriages , and his opposition to abortion .
Although Barr ’s platform appears reasonable , his history of supporting anti-freedom positions is reason enough not to vote for him .
The abortion issue is subject to debate since the New World Order is using abortion to support their depopulation agenda .
However , the other positions Barr has held in the past are contrary to the ideals accepted by the majority of Libertarians and other freedom loving Americans .
The war on drugs is a total fraud and used as an excuse to have a police state and generate profits for the drug traffickers that work for the CIA and the various criminals within the U.S. government .
It also serves as a way to generate massive amounts of profits for the prison industrial complex .
Barr was a major supporter of this phony drug war for many years and on top of that worked for the CIA which is involved heavily in the drug trade .
Barr ’s support of the Patriot Act deserves no further analysis .
Members of Congress were not even allowed to read the Patriot Act before they voted on it , so what does that say about Barr ’s judgment ?
He voted in favor of a bill without even reading it .
It is time that people vote for individuals and not parties .
This is a perfect example of such a scenario .
The Libertarian Party has in the past fielded good candidates like Harry Browne in 2000 and Ron Paul in 1988 .
This recent choice is a compromise of the party platform in exchange for media coverage that does n’t mean anything if it means a watered down message .
There is no difference between the Republican and Democrat parties already and if the Libertarian Party sends people like Barr to represent them , than pretty soon there will be no difference between any political parties including the big 3rd parties .
Voting for the individual and not the party is the best way to go and that ’s why writing in Dr. Paul is clearly the best choice .
Barr simply can’t be trusted to fully represent the ideals of liberty and freedom even if on the surface it looks as if he is intending to do that .
Even though that might not be fair , ask yourself which makes more sense .
Should we support someone who has only embraced the liberty message for a couple of years versus someone like Dr. Paul who has been actively involved in this for decades ?
The answer should be obvious .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
If the views expressed by one woman attending tonight 's town hall forum on cancer that Lance Armstrong and John McCain headlined in Columbus , Ohio , are at all typical , it may explain the noticable lack so far of any uptick in national polls for Barack Obama as he heads into the final leg of his much - ballyhooed overseas trip .
The Times ' Maeve Reston , covering the event , talked with Ann Marie Jones , a stay - at - home mom whose young son was diagnosed with leukemia in September .
Jones , 40 , said she had been leaning toward Obama “ until he did n’t show up tonight . ”
She added : “ I feel like I understand what he ’s doing over there , but I think he needed to be here tonight for this . ”
Jones said she has become bothered by the length and scale of Obama ’s travels .
“ I think we have a lot of things going on with our children — many different things going on here in the United States that need our attention , ” prime among them healthcare , she said .
Obama has not irrevocably lost Jones ' vote .
The Republican -- from Texas , no less -- said she remains undecided .
She plans to make her decision after learning more about both candidates ’ health plans and how they would aid those struggling with medical costs , particularly families affected by cancer .
McCain , in his opening remarks at the LIVESTRONG Summit held on the campus of The Ohio State University , noted that both presidential contenders had been invited to the gathering by Armstrong , the world - renowned cyclist and cancer survivor .
Said McCain : “ You have billed this event as a presidential town hall , and I sincerely hope that the next president is here this evening . ”
He then directed one of his characteristic jibes at Obama and the media covering his foreign travels .
“ My opponent , of course , is traveling in Europe , and tomorrow his tour takes him to France .
In a scene that Lance would recognize , a throng of adoring fans awaits Sen. Obama in Paris — and that 's just the American press . ”
Obama now has missed two LIVESTRONG forums that have had a campaign contest ; he was not at one conducted last summer in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , that was attended by several of the candidates in the then - crowded Democratic race .
Also absent was McCain , who at the time was not investing much political time or energy in Iowa .
Blogger Catherine Morgan provided a recap , complete with several videos , of that gathering .
-- Don Frederick
Photo credit : Associated Press
Scientists have isolated a new bacterium in pigs ' stomachs thanks to a pioneering technique , offering hope of new treatments to people who suffer with stomach ulcers , according to research published in the June issue of the International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology .
The bacterium that commonly causes stomach ulcers in humans is called Helicobacter pylori .
Extensive research has been carried out on this bacterium and the two scientists who discovered it were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine in 2005 .
However , in a small percentage of biopsies a similar but previously unidentified bacterium is present .
Numerous research papers have described failed attempts to culture this microbe in the laboratory since it was first observed in 1990 .
Now , scientists from Belgium have succeeded .
" We have developed a new method to cultivate these bacteria and can now study their main characteristics and virulence properties , " said Professor Dr Freddy Haesebrouck from Gent University in Belgium .
The researchers had to recreate aspects of the bacterium 's natural habitat , the stomach .
They used acid , which kills other microbes but is needed for these bacteria to grow .
Charcoal was used to remove substances that are toxic to the stomach bacterium .
Genetic analysis revealed that it is a new species related to the common stomach ulcer bacterium Helicobacter pylori .
Its name , Helicobacter suis , comes from the Latin for " of the pig " .
H. suis has been associated with stomach ulcers in pigs , which may cause sudden death : a big problem for farmers .
" The economic losses for the pork industry and the risk of the bacteria infecting humans justify the need for further research , " said Dr Margo Baele from Gent University in Belgium .
" Data shows that people in close contact with pigs have a higher risk of infection ; this suggests H. suis is a zoonotic agent , capable of being transmitted from animals to humans . "
" We know very little about how the bacterium infects humans and pigs and how it causes disease .
Thanks to this research , pure isolates of H. suis are now available , bringing new perspectives to the study of this organism and its interaction with the host , " says Professor Dr Freddy Haesebrouck .
The new technique will allow researchers to determine whether the bacterium is resistant to antibiotics .
This will lead to better treatment strategies , both in pigs and humans .
The researchers hope it may also result in the development of an effective vaccine .
H.Con.Res. 362 ( 110th ) was a concurrent resolution in the United States Congress .
A concurrent resolution is often used for matters that affect the rules of Congress or to express the sentiment of Congress .
It must be agreed to by both the House and Senate in identical form but is not signed by the President and does not carry the force of law .
Resolutions numbers restart every two years .
That means there are other resolutions with the number H.Con.
Res. 362 .
This is the one from the 110th Congress .
This concurrent resolution was introduced in the 110th Congress , which met from Jan 4 , 2007 to Jan 3 , 2009 .
Legislation not enacted by the end of a Congress is cleared from the books .
How to cite this information .
We recommend the following MLA - formatted citation when using the information you see here in academic work :
GovTrack.us. ( 2020 ) .
H.Con. Res. 362 — 110th Congress : Expressing the sense of Congress regarding the threat posed to international peace , stability in the ... Retrieved from https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/110/hconres362
“ H.Con. Res. 362 — 110th Congress : Expressing the sense of Congress regarding the threat posed to international peace , stability in the ... ” www.GovTrack.us.
2008 .
September 30 , 2020 < https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/110/hconres362>
Expressing the sense of Congress regarding the threat posed to international peace , stability in the Middle East , and the vital national security interests of the United States by Iran ’s pursuit of nuclear weapons and regional hegemony , and for other purposes , H.R. Con. Res. 362 , 110th Cong. ( 2008 ) .
{{cite web
|url=https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/110/hconres362
|title=H.Con.Res. 362 ( 110th )
|accessdate =September 30 , 2020
|author=110th Congress ( 2008 )
|date =May 22 , 2008
|work=Legislation
|publisher=GovTrack.us
|quote =Expressing the sense of Congress regarding the threat posed to international peace , stability in the ...
}} show another citation format :
MLA
APA
Blue Book
Wikipedia Template
Where is this information from ?
GovTrack automatically collects legislative information from a variety of governmental and non-governmental sources .
This page is sourced primarily from Congress.gov , the official portal of the United States Congress .
Congress.gov is generally updated one day after events occur , and so legislative activity shown here may be one day behind .
Data via the congress project .
A very cool new utility has just been released by Olav Junker Kjær called Mascara which is an ECMAScript 4 to JavaScript translator ( written in Python ) .
Using this utility you can begin writing ECMAScript 4 code today , receiving its full benefits ( such as IDE integration and compile - time type - checking ) while still being able to run the resulting code in all modern browsers .
A simple demonstration is up on the Mascara web site which provides a view into the translated source code , along with run-time ( and inline ) error messages .
A full break - down of the features currently supported are :
Type verification
Classes and inheritance , constructors , super initializers
Static members
Type inference from initialization
Parameterized types , Map and Vector
Union types
Structural types
Getters / setters
Namespaces
Nullable types
Definitely be aware , however , that while the above feature list is more than enough to get started there are still a a few items left to be implemented .
The most important question , when looking at the above code , should be :
How do I begin using this today ?
Olav went ahead and made it easy to do IDE integration – even setting up instructions on how to integrate with Eclipse on Windows ( he currently shows how to integrate using the JScript command - line interface , but it can easily be expanded ) .
I ’m quite excited by this prospect – having the ability to do compile - time type - checking and be able to succinctly write classes with inheritance will be a major boon to development .
Additionally , he provides information on how to do automatic CGI translation ( naturally , you would want to do this only in a development environment ) .
He ’s continuing to provide frequent updates on the Mascara blog – be sure to follow along if you ’re interested in starting to use ECMAScript 4 sooner , rather than later .
It 's YOUR life I 'm throwing away .
I 'll be fine
Grand Theft Auto IV
Developer : Rockstar North
Publisher : Rockstar Games
Platform : Xbox 360 , PS3 ( Reviewed )
Price : $ 59.99 ( Shop. Ars )
Rating : Mature
Grand Theft Auto IV is on store shelves .
You can go to your local retailer right now and buy a copy .
If you notice , there is no rioting in the streets .
There were no terrorist acts .
Shootings have n't spiked , and I 'm guessing your car is still in the driveway , having not been stolen .
Prostitutes are as safe as they 've ever been .
Somehow the game has been released and the world continues to creak along without major incident .
Well , except for a few missing copies .
When I received my copy of the game , my neighbor said he'd like me to bring the game over , since his wife had never seen a Grand Theft Auto title before .
She had , of course , read and seen much coverage of the game in the mainstream media , and she wanted to know what was so bad about the game .
I played it for three hours , and she was surprised .
First , she did n't think the games had a story ; she was under the impression you just ran around killing cops and sleeping with hookers .
Second , she was shocked that the content was pretty mild , overall ; she described it as an R - rated movie .
" So what is all the fuss about ?
We 're all adults here , " she asked after we talked about it for a while .
Rationally , there should n't be much fuss , but Grand Theft Auto has been made a talking point for every media outlet and politician who wants to score an easy point against the gaming industry and look like they are protecting the children .
Grand Theft Auto IV is n't appropriate for children , not in the slightest , but its existence alone also is n't harmful to them .
This is your playground
On the other side of the debate you have the reviewers , giving the game a perfect ten , straining the limits of hyperbole by saying the world of gaming has been changed , that nothing will ever be the same , that every bar has been raised by this title .
It 's hard to get to know Grand Theft Auto IV as a game , and it 's even harder to understand it through all the noise .
That 's a shame , because the moments that make this game something extraordinary — and it is an extraordinary game that cooler heads will still be discussing years from now — happen when things are quiet .
In one scene during my time with the game , Niko Bellic is driving his motorcycle in the morning mist , and the city opens up in front of him .
We 're heading towards a shootout and do n't know how many people are going to be there or what 's in store .
The Smashing Pumpkins song " 1979 " is playing on the radio .
This is Niko 's story , yes , but the moments in the game that grab you will be different for everyone .
That 's what makes the title unique , and it's why Grand Theft Auto releases are a cultural event .
Rockstar puts America under the microscope , and what happens in the game does n't reflect them as much as it reflects you .
Liberty City is yours .
Welcome .
But there are fewer precedents explaining how courts should evaluate criminal subpoenas , according to legal experts .
Perhaps that is because prosecutors are more cautious about the risk of violating the First Amendment and so issue fewer criminal subpoenas , or because the subpoenas themselves carry language prohibiting disclosure of their terms .
“ In the criminal context it ’s trickier because it ’s the government asking for stuff , and I think it ’s going to be harder to fashion a rule , especially when the government is not exactly willing to part with the reasons ” for requesting the information in the first place , said Jonathan Zittrain , a law professor at Harvard .
Without knowing the motives of prosecutors , he continued , judges may be hard - pressed to balance their needs against the importance of free speech .
Bloggers concerned about possible litigation may want to check the privacy policies of their Internet service providers , to see whether they include a pledge to notify any customer whose site is the subject of a subpoena , Mr. Zittrain said .
Armed with that knowledge , a blogger could fight the subpoena in court .
Software also exists that is intended to make it difficult to identify those who want to be anonymous online .
Image Ben Smith , a co-founder of Room 8 .
Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Some of the people blogging on the Room 8 site are named , but many choose to be anonymous .
Mr. Smith said he called the assistant district attorney in the Bronx who had issued the subpoena to try to find out more about why prosecutors wanted the Internet Protocol , or I.P. address , of the person who blogged under the name Republican Dissident .
But the prosecutors would not share any information , he said .
Piratrörelsen är internationellt etablerad , med partier i mer än 40 länder och representanter invalda i flera nationella parlament .
Läs mer om rörelsen .
2019 enades de europeiska piraterna om ett gemensamt valmanifest .
Läs det europeiska manifestet och vårt eget .
Läs mer ..»
George Bush , At Sea in the Desert Editor ’s Note :
Over the past four - plus years , a chasm has been widening in the Middle East between the Bush administration 's self - image as a key player calling the shots and the deepening anti-Americanism pervading both allied and adversarial nations .
Despite all the polling data and the open hostility to U.S. initiatives , President George W. Bush seems oblivious to this reality , as Michael Winship points out in this guest essay : President Bush ’s recent speech before the Knesset , ostensibly to celebrate Israel ’s 60th birthday , was not only a display of political cynicism at its worst – using a diplomatic occasion to perpetrate an unseemly attack on Barack Obama – but a microcosm for the disregard with which the President holds the rest of the world .
And vice versa .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Events in the Middle East over the last two weeks are all the proof you need .
Here ’s what the President said : " Jews and Americans have seen the consequences of disregarding the words of leaders who espouse hatred .
And that is a mistake the world must not repeat in the 21st century .
“ Some seem to believe that we should negotiate with the terrorists and radicals , as if some ingenious argument will persuade them they have been wrong all along .
We have heard this foolish delusion before .
“ As Nazi tanks crossed into Poland in 1939 , an American senator declared : ' Lord , if I could only have talked to Hitler , all this might have been avoided . '
We have an obligation to call this what it is – the false comfort of appeasement , which has been repeatedly discredited by history . ”
Although officially President Bush denied that he was talking about Obama – and the Democrat ’s stated willingness to talk with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad – John Yang at NBC News reported , “ Privately , White House officials said the shoe fits the Democratic frontrunner . ”
American historian Brian P. Murphy told the Boston Globe , “ I can't imagine there 's a precedent for a sitting president to go before the legislative body of a foreign government and launch a political attack on a major - party nominee running to succeed him . ”
It was a shabby performance in an improper , overseas forum .
He did n’t care .
Of course the reference to appeasement was an attempt to smear by making a comparison between Senator Obama and British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain ’s capitulation to Hitler at Munich in 1938 .
Last summer Bush read the book Troublesome Young Men , an account of how Winston Churchill and fellow Conservatives fought back against Chamberlain ’s submission to the Nazis .
But ironically , as the book ’s author , Lynne Olson , pointed out in a Washington Post op - ed last summer , it ’s the appeaser and Bush who have more in common than the president may care to know .
“ Chamberlain came to office with almost no understanding of foreign affairs or experience in dealing with international leaders , ” she wrote .
“ He surrounded himself with like - minded advisers and refused to heed anyone who told him otherwise . ”
President Bush ’s own continuing heedlessness was again highlighted just a couple of days after the Knesset speech when he delivered a chastising lecture on democracy to Arab nations at the World Economic Forum in Sharm el - Sheikh , Egypt .
“ Obtuse ” is how a Boston Globe editorial described it .
“ Bush seemed oblivious to the loss of respect for the United States that his Mideast misadventures have caused in the region . ”
Newsweek ’s Christopher Dickey echoed the Globe ’s dismay : " Looking at Iraq , the peace process , Lebanon , the growing strength of Iran , the continued deterioration of Somalia , the potential disintegration of Sudan , not to mention the vast decline in the value of the dollar and the faltering global economy , the participants at the forum knew only too well they were halfway to hell on roads paved with George W. Bush 's good intentions . "
So , as Bush thoughtlessly careens into the last months of his presidency , a good portion of the rest of the world has decided it can spin on quite well without him .
Even Israel .
Almost as if everyone waited until President Bush had left the region and the coast was clear , there was immediately a surprise announcement of Turkey brokering indirect talks between Israel and Syria over the Golan Heights .
And now Qatar has brokered a political power - sharing deal between the Lebanese government and the Hezbollah Shiite militia that may keep the country from exploding in another war .
The United States has opposed both efforts .
Such defiance is n’t just because George Bush is a lame duck .
So bereft is his administration ’s Middle East policy of initiative or consistent purpose that the United States has lost what little credibility it had left .
It ’s becoming clearer as Egyptian newspaper editor and human rights activist Hisham Qassem says , “ America is neither loved nor feared . ”
Instead , we ’re the lumbering , addled giant , aimlessly kicking desert sand , irritating the world instead of leading it .
Michael Winship is senior writer of the weekly public affairs program , Bill Moyers Journal , which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Nuremberg , Germany
Rafid Ahmed
Alwan hoped for an easier life when he came here from Iraq nine years ago .
He also hoped for a reward for his cooperation with German intelligence officers .
“ For what I ’ve done , I should be treated like a king , ” he said outside a cramped , low - rent apartment he shares with his family .
Instead , the Iraqi informant code - named Curveball has flipped burgers at McDonald ’s and Burger King , washed dishes in a Chinese restaurant and baked pretzels in an all - night bakery .
He also has faced withering international scorn for peddling discredited intelligence that helped spur an invasion of his native country .
Now , in his first public comments , the 41 - year - old engineer from Baghdad complains that the CIA and other spy agencies are blaming him for their mistakes .
“ I ’m not guilty , ” Alwan said , insisting that he made no false claims .
“ Believe me , I ’m not guilty . ”
It was intelligence attributed to Alwan -- as Curveball -- that the White House used in making its case that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction .
He described what turned out to be fictional mobile germ factories .
The CIA belatedly branded him a liar .
After Curveball ’s role in the pre-invasion intelligence fiasco was disclosed by the Los Angeles Times four years ago , the con man behind the code name remained in the shadows .
His security was protected and his identity concealed by the BND , Germany ’s Federal Intelligence Service .
But when a reporter knocked on his door one Sunday morning this year , Alwan seemed neither alarmed nor surprised .
In a series of sometimes reluctant interviews that followed , he emerged as a defiant and pugnacious defender of his intelligence contributions and reputation .
“ Everything that ’s been written about me is n’t true , ” Alwan repeated .
Along with confirmation of Curveball ’s identity , however , have come fresh disclosures raising doubts about his honesty -- much of that new detail coming from friends , associates and past employers .
“ He was corrupt , ” said a family friend who once employed him .
“ He always lied , ” said a fellow Burger King worker .
And records reveal that when Alwan fled to Germany , one step ahead of the Iraq Justice Ministry , an arrest warrant had been issued alleging that he sold filched camera equipment on the Baghdad black market .
The reporter at his door that morning offered Alwan a chance to defend himself publicly .
He was calm , unshaven , wearing a T - shirt and pajama bottoms .
Alwan tried to bargain for an interview fee .
When he did n’t get one , he shut the door , saying he was “ risking my family ” by talking .
Over the next few weeks , Alwan dodged attempts to reopen conversations and took steps to elude the reporter .
He altered his appearance by shaving his bushy mustache .
He pulled his name from a mailbox .
He failed to show up at promised appointments .
Eventually , he agreed to a series of brief interviews .
In every encounter , he was combative and unapologetic .
Others , he insisted , had twisted or misinterpreted his information .
“ I never said Iraq had weapons of mass destruction , never in my whole life , ” he said .
“ I challenge anyone in the world to get a piece of paper from me , anything with my signature , that proves I said there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . ”
How did the Bush administration get it so wrong ?
“ I ’m not the source of these problems , ” he said .
Alwan ’s life as a secret informant began in January 2000 , soon after he applied for political asylum at Zirndorf , a refugee camp outside Nuremberg .
He told a BND team he had helped run a secret Iraqi program to produce biological weapons , records show .
In 52 meetings with BND handlers over the next year and a half , he provided hand - drawn sketches and other details .
German officials said they met mostly on Saturday mornings at a BND safe house .
He liked to go for pizza afterward .
Alwan did n’t share all his secrets .
He did n’t disclose that he had been fired at least twice for dishonesty , or that he fled Iraq to avoid arrest .
But he did tell some whoppers that should have raised warnings about his credibility .
He claimed , for example , that the son of his former boss , Basil Latif , secretly headed a vast weapons of mass destruction procurement and smuggling scheme from England .
British investigators found , however , that Latif ’s son was a 16 - year - old exchange student , not a criminal mastermind .
When a Western intelligence team interviewed Latif outside Iraq in early 2002 , a year before the war , he warned that Alwan had been fired for falsifying invoices at work .
Latif also denied that anyone produced biological weapons at the plant where he worked with Alwan .
“ They thought I was lying , ” Latif , who now lives in Oman , said in an interview .
“ But I was telling the truth .
It upset me very much . ”
German officials instead believed Alwan ’s story that he helped manage an Iraqi factory that installed fermenters , spray dryers and piping within tractor - trailers to brew anthrax , botulinum toxin and other biological agents .
CIA and Pentagon biological warfare analysts embraced Alwan ’s account without corroborating evidence or directly questioning the informant .
President Bush declared in his State of the Union address in January 2003 that “ we know ” that Iraq built mobile germ factories .
Then - Secretary of State Colin L. Powell highlighted Alwan ’s supposed “ eyewitness ” account to the U.N. Security Council when he pressed the case for war .
In October 2004 , more than a year after the invasion , a CIA - led investigation concluded that Baghdad had abandoned all chemical , biological and nuclear weapons programs after the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
The germ trucks never existed .
Alwan grew up in the middle - class Dora neighborhood of southern Baghdad .
The youngest of five children , he was raised by his mother after his father died , according to family friends .
They were Sunni Muslims , members of the influential Janabi clan , and his eldest brother became a brigadier in Hussein ’s Republican Guard .
Alwan studied chemical engineering at the Technical University of Baghdad , records show , graduating in 1990 with a D average .
His best subject : “ Culture and History of Iraq . ”
But he learned English , the language of instruction , and applied to join the ruling Baath Party .
He worked as an appliance repairman , then as a junior engineer at the state - run Chemical Engineering and Design Center .
In late 1994 , he was named site engineer at Djerf al Nadaf , a new warehouse complex about 10 miles south of Baghdad .
His direct supervisor was Hilal Freah , a British - trained engineer and friend of Alwan ’s mother .
Freah , who now lives in Jordan , viewed himself as Alwan ’s mentor but had trouble trusting his protege .
“ Rafid told five or 10 stories every day , ” Freah said in an interview .
“ I ’d ask , ‘ Where have you been ? ’
And he ’d say , ‘ I had a problem with my car . ’
Or , ‘ My family was sick . ’
But I knew he was lying . ”
He had a gift for it and “ was not embarrassed when caught in a lie , ” Freah said .
At the Djerf al Nadaf warehouse , laborers treated seeds from local farmers with fungicides to prevent mold and rot .
But Alwan convinced his BND handlers that the site ’s corn-filled sheds were part of Iraq ’s secret germ weapons program .
He worked there , he told them , until 1998 , when an unreported biological accident occurred .
In fact , Alwan had been dismissed three years earlier , in 1995 , after inflating expenses and faking receipts for tools , supplies and lamb for a party .
“ I fired him , ” Freah said .
“ He was corrupt and he was found stealing . ”
But the family friend gave Alwan one more chance .
Freah , Alwan and two other friends formed a business to sell locally made shampoo and cleaners .
Freah says
Alwan overcharged the partners for each shampoo bottle , and the company collapsed .
So did their friendship .
Alwan ’s embarrassed mother later repaid her son ’s debts .
Alwan next created a line of cosmetics , selling an eye shadow named “ Whisper ” in Arabic .
That failed amid allegations that he cheated his suppliers , Freah said .
He then worked as a technician at Babel , a Baghdad film and TV company that produced adoring documentaries about Hussein .
Alwan ’s alleged sale of Babel camera lenses and other gear on the black market led the Iraqi Justice Ministry to issue an arrest warrant , signed by a judge , in August 1998 .
Alwan already had fled .
Officials say smugglers helped him make his way through Jordan , Egypt , Libya and Morocco before he reached southern Germany in late 1999 .
He brought no blueprints , photos or other evidence , but he quickly won the confidence of the BND officers .
“ He was understated , ” said one former BND officer , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the case .
“ He was the opposite of a braggart , and that was impressive . ”
The BND set him up in a small apartment and provided living expenses .
Alwan started dressing in stylish suits , bought a heavy gold necklace and kept a cupboard stocked with whiskey , according to former neighbors .
He left his TV blaring all day and hit a local disco at night .
He arranged to divorce the wife he had left in Baghdad and married a Moroccan woman .
They now have two children .
The family moved to Erlangen and then to another German location that The Times agreed not to disclose .
Alwan ’s fanciful accounts to BND officers were echoed in his tall tales to friends and co-workers .
In early 2002 , a year before the war , he told co-workers at the Burger King that he spied for Iraqi intelligence and would report any fellow Iraqi worker who criticized Hussein ’s regime .
They could n’t decide if he was dangerous or crazy .
“ During breaks , he told stories about what a big man he was in Baghdad , ” said Hamza Hamad Rashid , who remembered an odd scene with the pudgy Alwan in his too - tight Burger King uniform praising Hussein in the home of der Whopper .
“ But he always lied .
We never believed anything he said . ”
Another Iraqi friend , Ghazwan Adnan , remembers laughing when he applied for a job at a local Princess Garden Chinese Restaurant and discovered Alwan washing dishes in the back while claiming to be “ a big deal ” in Iraq .
“ How could America believe such a person ? ”
But an unrepentant Alwan is unfazed .
“ Everything I said was true , ” he said .
“ And everything that ’s been written about me is wrong .
It ’s all wrong .
The main thing is , I ’m an honest man . ”
john_goetz@spiegel.de
bob.drogin@latimes.com
Pictured :
The moment an unsuspecting shopper is attacked by a hungry seagull
This is the moment a terrified shopper is attacked by a hungry seagull
Swooping from the skies to steal a sandwich the opportunist seagull seized its chance with this passer - by .
It then flew off to enjoy the sandwich on a ledge high above the street in the seaside town of South Shields .
In for the kill :
The greedy seagull swoops down on its victim and steals the sandwich
The 27 - year - old victim , from Northumberland , said : ' I jumped out of my skin .
All I was doing was trying to eat my sandwich and I get attacked by a giant seagull .
' It was quite scary - I had no idea they were so ruthless .
It was like that Alfred Hitchcock film , The Birds . '
She is not the only one to fall prey to the greedy birds - several shoppers in the King Street area have been terrorised by the flock of seagulls who take no prisoners in their quest for food .
Unsuspecting :
The shopper goes innocently about her business unaware the seagull has its sights on her lunch
Shock :
The terrified shopper drops her sandwich in horror
Another shopper Maisie Harrison , 68 , from Whiteleas , said : ' These seagulls are so desperate for food it seems they 'll approach people to take food rather than fight for scraps on the floor . '
Catriona Campbell , 19 , a sales assistant at Stead and Simpson , a shoe shop on King Street , said : ' They are horrible .
I once saw one land on a man 's head .
It just reached over and grabbed his pasty out of his hand then flew off .
' It happens all the time .
It 's because people do n't dispose of their left over food properly and the seagulls take advantage of an easy meal . '
Victorious : A greedy seagull makes off with its catch
Wendy Balback , 20 , a sales assistant at Ethel Austin , round the corner on Queen Street , said : ' We have one seagull who pecks on our glass windows to torment us .
' We call him Billy No Mates because he 's always on his own .
' If the shop door is open , he walks in when we are n't looking .
We have to chase him out . '
A council Spokesman said : ' Seagulls are opportunistic birds that at this time of the year have the additional responsibility of feeding their young .
' While the council has in the past spent money on proofing some of the buildings in King Street to prevent birds from nesting and has also placed signage within this area advising members of the public not to feed birds , we cannot guarantee that this sort of incident will not occur occasionally . '
Nanoparticles of gold too small to be seen with the naked eye have been created in laboratories , but up until now , have never been seen in nature .
The search for these natural but ‘ invisible ’ nanoparticles is important .
If they can be proved to exist , the knowledge will help give us a deeper understanding of how gold can be transported and deposited by geological processes , and therefore help explorers to find new gold deposits in Australia .
Now , hard evidence that gold nanoparticles have finally been seen in nature is presented in a paper published in GEOLOGY and authored by CSIRO Scientists from the Minerals Down Under National Research Flagship and CRC LEME , in collaboration with scientists from Curtin University and the University of Western Australia .
Lead author , CSIRO ’s Dr Rob Hough , explains that the particles were discovered in Western Australia .
“ In the southern areas of the State , groundwater is very salty and acidic .
This water dissolves primary gold and re-deposits it as pure gold crystals on fracture surfaces and in open pore spaces , ” he says .
“ On investigation of these crystals , there appeared to be a dark band across them .
However , high magnification imaging showed the band was in fact , a mass of gold nanoparticles and nanoplates .
These are identical to those being manufactured in laboratories around the world for their unique properties . ”
Clays from the fracture surface were then analysed .
There was no gold visible , but analysis showed the clays contained up to 59 parts - per-million of gold .
The research team concluded that the nanoparticles of gold they had imaged represented the ‘ invisible ’ gold in the clay , and that this nanosized gold was common in similar environments .
“ The gold nanoparticles have not been identified earlier because they are transparent to electron beams and effectively invisible , ” Dr Hough says .
“ However , they are probably a common form of gold in this type of natural environment worldwide , where saline water interacts with gold deposits .
They also provide the first direct observation of the nanoscale mobility of gold during weathering . ”
With gold fetching around ( AU ) $ 950 an ounce and expected to rise , this research is good news for Australia ’s gold explorers .
The Server Room , Ars Technica 's new community for IT professionals , is sponsored by Dell 's Future of Storage .
This article on magnetic storage is part of our ongoing series of topics and discussions related to IT and storage technology .
My first computer was a 1990 i386 with 2MB of memory and an 80 MB hard drive , scrounged from the offices of a local shipping company .
Complete with serial mouse , IBM Model M keyboard , and 15 " color VGA monitor , it was my parents ' hope for making me into a competent writer , but it better succeeded in making me a PC gamer .
This ancient machine , 17 years old , is incredibly outdated in the physical basis of every technological detail , except one : its hard disk .
What 's wrong ( and right ) with the hard disk
The hard disk is still fundamentally the same device : magnetic reader heads fly over rotating platters .
The disadvantages of this system , with its moving parts and associated rotational latency , are making themselves felt , and a number of considerations make it likely that solid state disks ( SSDs ) will rise to increasing prominence in the enterprise storage market as well as the laptop market .
Some of those trends are explored below .
These two disks , manufactured 15 years apart , are much the same .
The leftmost still has Windows 3.1 on it .
Samsung 's recent announcement of a 1TB disk at the $ 200 price point provides a dramatic illustration of just how rapidly the cost per unit of storage continues to fall .
When 1TB hard disks were first introduced , in April of 2007 , they launched at a cost of $ 400 at retail , and have fallen steadily in price since then , reaching $ 200 this month , halving in price in only a year to $.20 per gigabyte .
This rapid decrease in price is part of a trend which spans the whole of the technology 's history ; the price of disks has fallen by a factor of 35,000 in the last 17 years .
At the launch of the 1TB hard disk , and through the tier 's life so far , other disks have been available with lower costs per gigabyte and per transfer speed .
In April 2007 , 500 GB disks had just hit $ 100 , the $.20 per gigabyte level 1TB drives are just now reaching , and now 750 GB drives can be had for $.16 per gigabyte .
However , the cost of additional drives , in controller channels , server space , and electrical power , makes the highest - capacity hard disks optimal in all but extreme cases , and their price the relevant metric .
All roads lead to SSD
Other notable trends are at work in disk development .
As capacities have risen , transfer speeds have risen and latencies have fallen , but not nearly as fast .
A 1991 40 MB Maxtor IDE disk was recently benchmarked reading at 0.6 MBps , whereas a modern 1TB disk may surpass 100MBps , a 160 - fold improvement .
Their capacities , however , differ by a factor of 25,000 ; the time to copy a complete disk rose from less than one minute to more than three hours in those same 17 years .
While capacities , fill times , and bandwidth have changed , latencies have , however , remained relatively static .
Hard disks still use rotating platters with magnetic pits , and spin latencies can only decrease with increases in rotational speed .
Spindle speeds have risen , from the 3500 RPM Maxtor of yesteryear , through 4200 , 5400 , and today 's 7200 RPM spindle speeds , with the transition to 10,000 and 15,000 RPM speeds accomplished in some sectors of the server space and burgeoning in the desktop space .
But this reliance on physical moving parts has made their development hard ; this is only a doubling of spindle and a latency cut from about 30 milliseconds to about 10 milliseconds .
While main memory latencies have fallen by a factor of ten , and CPU speeds have risen by factors of thousands , hard disk latencies have remained comparatively static in the milliseconds for those same 17 years .
The result of all of these trends is that it 's easier and easier to store huge amounts of data at lower and lower cost , but the increasing data bandwidth and low latency that modern storage needs demand is harder to come by .
I 've heard from a source that a copy of the text of the entire Internet , stored by Google and its competitors and searched for text in web search queries , is in the vicinity of 20 TB .
In hard disks , this would now cost a mere $ 4,000 in disks ( much more in servers ) but would be completely unsuited to this kind of storage due to the long read time of the disks ; a total read for a search would take hours .
Instead , Google hosts its web servers from huge clusters of thousands of servers , storing complete copies of the text of the internet in RAM , at about half a million dollars in DDR2 per cluster .
Database applications are finding that the number of seeks that a hard disk can perform , largely latency - limited , is remaining comparatively constant as demands rise , and a means of circumventing this is not clear .
15,000 RPM SAS and SCSI disks are scarcely an improvement next to the advances in other areas of storage .
Again , content is sometimes served directly from RAM .
The increasing capacity but relatively constant speed is great for archival uses of hard disk like the proliferating remote storage services , but harder on seek - limited and transfer - limited applications .
On multiple fronts , hard disks increasingly show themselves unable to answer the real challenges of many enterprise storage applications , and the kind of fundamental improvements which would resolve these problems are prevented by the fundamental physical limitations of hard disk technology .
A new storage technology as part of the storage mosaic is the only way to serve the evolving needs of users .
Solid State will provide part of the answer to this dilemma , though it 's not without its own limitations .
Using flash memory , SSDs can provide much faster seek times and higher transfer rates , though at a much higher cost per gigabyte .
If trends continue , and there is every reason to think they will , enterprise storage will transition to a mixed Flash and hard disks pool , adding SSDs as another tier of storage in between hard disks and memory to serve bandwidth and latency dependent loads .
So in the long run , although changes are coming , enterprise storage will continue to be a mosaic of different technologies .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
April 21 , 2008
In an article posted on the Hindustan Times website , N. Chandra Mohan cites Mark Thirwell , Director of the International Economy Program at the Lowy Institute for International Policy in Sydney , Australia .
“ This is not the first time in modern economic history that the Malthusian spectre of global food shortages has stalked the world economy , " writes Thirwell .
“ Surges in food prices in the 1970s and then again in the mid-1990s both prompted warnings that agricultural capacity was failing to keep pace with a growing world population .
Each time the prices jumped , it proved to be temporary as supply responded . ”
Mr. Mohan believes , this time around , there will be no supply ready to respond .
He links this dire situation to " policy neglect of agriculture " and " climate and environmental degradation . "
In addition to " climate change , " Mohan blames the failures of capitalism — described as " supply - side responses " to market forces — and the " absence of technological breakthroughs in terms of higher yields from new varieties of paddy , wheat and maize . "
In other words , the current food shortages around the world are the result of corporate ineptitude and due to the vagaries of weather , supposedly exacerbated by man-made " climate change . "
Is it possible the current food crisis is part of an intentional plan , indeed Malthusian , as Thirwell writes ?
Is it possible supposedly man-made " climate change " and the " food crisis " are components of a sinister depopulation agenda designed to cull the herd down to a manageable level , as proclaimed on the mysterious Georgia Guidestones ?
( " Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature . " )
In order to understand how these twin menaces — increasingly hyped by the corporate media — may indeed be part of a depopulation agenda , we repost here an article by Joseph Brewda , originally published in the Executive Intelligence Review :
Kissinger ’s 1974 Plan for Food Control Genocide
On Dec. 10 , 1974 , the U.S. National Security Council under Henry Kissinger completed a classified 200 - page study , " National Security Study Memorandum 200 : Implications of Worldwide Population Growth for U.S. Security and Overseas Interests . "
The study falsely claimed that population growth in the so - called Lesser Developed Countries ( LDCs ) was a grave threat to U.S. national security .
Adopted as official policy in November 1975 by President Gerald Ford , NSSM 200 outlined a covert plan to reduce population growth in those countries through birth control , and also , implicitly , war and famine .
Brent Scowcroft , who had by then replaced Kissinger as national security adviser ( the same post Scowcroft was to hold in the Bush administration ) , was put in charge of implementing the plan .
CIA Director George Bush was ordered to assist Scowcroft , as were the secretaries of state , treasury , defense , and agriculture .
The bogus arguments that Kissinger advanced were not original .
One of his major sources was the Royal Commission on Population , which King George VI had created in 1944 " to consider what measures should be taken in the national interest to influence the future trend of population . "
The commission found that Britain was gravely threatened by population growth in its colonies , since " a populous country has decided advantages over a sparsely - populated one for industrial production . "
The combined effects of increasing population and industrialization in its colonies , it warned , " might be decisive in its effects on the prestige and influence of the West , " especially effecting " military strength and security . "
NSSM 200 similarly concluded that the United States was threatened by population growth in the former colonial sector .
It paid special attention to 13 " key countries " in which the United States had a " special political and strategic interest " : India , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Indonesia , Thailand , the Philippines , Turkey , Nigeria , Egypt , Ethiopia , Mexico , Brazil , and Colombia .
It claimed that population growth in those states was especially worrisome , since it would quickly increase their relative political , economic , and military strength .
For example , Nigeria : " Already the most populous country on the continent , with an estimated 55 million people in 1970 , Nigeria ’s population by the end of this century is projected to number 135 million .
This suggests a growing political and strategic role for Nigeria , at least in Africa . "
Or Brazil : " Brazil clearly dominated the continent demographically . "
The study warned of a " growing power status for Brazil in Latin America and on the world scene over the next 25 years . "
Food as a weapon
There were several measures that Kissinger advocated to deal with this alleged threat , most prominently , birth control and related population - reduction programs .
He also warned that " population growth rates are likely to increase appreciably before they begin to decline , " even if such measures were adopted .
A second measure was curtailing food supplies to targetted states , in part to force compliance with birth control policies : " There is also some established precedent for taking account of family planning performance in appraisal of assistance requirements by AID [ U.S. Agency for International Development ] and consultative groups .
Since population growth is a major determinant of increases in food demand , allocation of scarce PL 480 resources should take account of what steps a country is taking in population control as well as food production .
In these sensitive relations , however , it is important in style as well as substance to avoid the appearance of coercion . "
" Mandatory programs may be needed and we should be considering these possibilities now , " the document continued , adding , " Would food be considered an instrument of national power ? …
Is the U.S. prepared to accept food rationing to help people who can ’t / wo n’t control their population growth ? "
Kissinger also predicted a return of famines that could make exclusive reliance on birth control programs unnecessary .
" Rapid population growth and lagging food production in developing countries , together with the sharp deterioration in the global food situation in 1972 and 1973 , have raised serious concerns about the ability of the world to feed itself adequately over the next quarter of century and beyond , " he reported .
The cause of that coming food deficit was not natural , however , but was a result of western financial policy : " Capital investments for irrigation and infrastucture and the organization requirements for continuous improvements in agricultural yields may be beyond the financial and administrative capacity of many LDCs .
For some of the areas under heaviest population pressure , there is little or no prospect for foreign exchange earnings to cover constantly increasingly imports of food . "
" It is questionable , " Kissinger gloated , " whether aid donor countries will be prepared to provide the sort of massive food aid called for by the import projections on a long - term continuing basis . "
Consequently , " large - scale famine of a kind not experienced for several decades — a kind the world thought had been permanently banished , " was foreseeable — famine , which has indeed come to pass .
This globalist " return of famines " would not be possible without the participation of multinational corporations .
The elite , writes Richard Freeman for the Intelligence Review , are in the process of applying " a tourniquet to food production and export supplies , not only to poor nations , but to advanced sector nations as well . "
Of course , this would not be possible without the cartelization of agricultural , now known as " agribusiness . "
Freeman elaborates :
The Windsors ’ Global Food Cartel : Instrument for Starvation
Ten to twelve pivotal companies , assisted by another three dozen , run the world ’s food supply .
They are the key components of the Anglo - Dutch - Swiss food cartel , which is grouped around Britain ’s House of Windsor .
Led by the six leading grain companies — Cargill , Continental , Louis Dreyfus , Bunge and Born , André , and Archer Daniels Midland / Töpfer — the Windsor - led food and raw materials cartel has complete domination over world cereals and grains supplies , from wheat to corn and oats , from barley to sorghum and rye .
But it also controls meat , dairy , edible oils and fats , fruits and vegetables , sugar , and all forms of spices .
Each year tens of millions die from the most elementary lack of their daily bread .
This is the result of the work of the Windsor - led cartel .
And , as the ongoing financial collapse wipes out bloated speculative financial paper , the oligarchy has moved into hoarding , increasing its food and raw materials holdings .
It is prepared to apply a tourniquet to food production and export supplies , not only to poor nations , but to advanced sector nations as well .
The use of food as a weapon can be found at least four millennia ago in Babylon .
Imperial Rome took this tack , as did Venice and various Venetian offshoots , including the Antwerp - centered , powerful Burgundian duchy , and the Dutch and British Levant companies , East India companies , and West India companies .
Today , food warfare is firmly under the control of London , with the help of subordinate partners in especially Switzerland and Amsterdam .
Today ’s food companies were created by having had a section of this ancient set of Mesopotamian - Roman - Venetian - British food networks and infrastructure carved out for them .
The Windsor - led oligarchy has built up a single , integrated raw materials cartel , with three divisions — energy , raw materials and minerals , and increasingly scarce food supplies .
Figure 1 represents the situation .
At the top is the House of Windsor and Club of the Isles .
Right below are two of the principal appurtenances of the House of Windsor : the World Wide Fund for Nature , headed by the Doge of London , Prince Philip , which leads the world in orchestration of ethnic conflict and terrorism , such as the British - created afghansi movement ; and British intelligence ’s Hollinger Corp. of Conrad Black , which is leading the assault to destroy Bill Clinton and the American Presidency .
The firms within each cartel group are listed .
While they maintain the legal fiction of being different corporate organizations , in reality this is one interlocking syndicate , with a common purpose and multiple overlapping boards of directors .
The Windsor - centered oligarchy owns these cartels , and they are the instruments of power of the oligarchy , accumulated over centuries , for breaking nations ’ sovereignty .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Our buildings and homes could capture all water we need on a daily basis .
A great example of rainwater harvesting can be found at the Langston Brown Community Center and High School in Arlington , Virginia .
The community center has two 24 - foot - tall 11,000 - gallon cisterns that store rainwater .
The tank at the front of the school is covered with panels , and fits seamlessly into the overall design of the building .
The building captures 280,000 gallons of water a year .
Regrettably , the rainwater is only used for onsite irrigation , sidewalk washing , and other non-potable uses .
However , the center does have waterless urinals which result in a 23 % reduction in potable water use .
Nearby in Maryland , the Philip Merrill building ( headquarters of the Chesapeake Bay Foundation ) , captures even more rainwater — 402,461 gallons a year — the rain provides almost all the water used in the building .
All the details of the green elements of the community center can be found here .
A good book about rainwater harvesting case studies is Design For Water by Heather Kinkade - Levario .
Parchment
Parchment is a web - based Z- machine interpreter by Atul Varma .
It is powered by Tom Thurman 's Gnusto engine .
Below is a list of z- code based interactive fiction titles made available by The Interactive Fiction Archive .
You can click on an entry to start playing it .
The Bank of Israel put the brakes on the shekel 's upward climb against the dollar , and announced it would purchase $ 100 million a day .
The Bank of Israel put the brakes on the shekel 's upward climb , announcing its intention to purchase $ 100 million a day .
The shekel reacted with a sharp plunge against the dollar .
With the dollar dropping on Wednesday to a 12 - year - low rate of 3.23 shekels , Bank of Israel and its chief , Stanley Fischer , announced on Thursday an unprecedented plan to begin purchasing dollars at the rate of 100 million per day .
The bank had been buying a quarter of this amount , 25 million of the greenbacks , each business day for over three months , when the dollar was in the midst of its plunge from 3.85 shekels at the beginning of the year .
" We are increasing our daily purchases , " a senior Bank of Israel official said , " and we will test how this will affect the exchange rate . "
In fact , the rate jumped immediately after the announcement by about 10 agorot .
The dollar had been trading at 3.21 shekels , and the official representative rate was announced around 3:30 PM at 3.314 shekels to the dollar .
It continued to climb , jumping five more agorot within two hours , closing at 3.38 on Friday , and showed only slight signs of slowing down .
Analysts cautioned , however , against judging the decision based on only two days ' worth of exchange rate changes .
The Bank 's decision means that Israel 's dollar reserves will climb from $ 28 billion to somewhere between $ 35 - 40 billion .
Fischer has received praise for his activist approach , though fears have been expressed that it might lead to increased inflation .
The low dollar has been deadly to exporters , who receive dollars that are worth less and less each day for their merchandise .
The Bank of Israel has raised interest rates by a half - percent over the past two months , in an attempt to forestall inflation .
Inflation over the past 12 months has reached 5.4 % , compared with the Bank of Israel 's target level of 1 - 3 % .
A funny thing happened over on the Barack Obama campaign website in the last few days .
The parts that stressed his opposition to the 2007 troop surge and his statement that more troops would make no difference in a civil war have somehow disappeared .
John McCain and Obama have been going at it heavily in recent days over the benefits of the surge .
The Arizona senator , who advocated the surge for years before the Bush administration employed it , says the resulting reduction in violence is proof it worked with progress on 15 of 18 political benchmarks and Obama 's plan to withdraw troops by now would have resulted in surrender .
When President Bush ordered the surge in January 2007 , Obama said : " I am not persuaded that 20,000 additional troops in Iraq is going to solve the sectarian violence there .
In fact , I think it will do the reverse , " a position he maintained throughout 2007 .
This year he acknowledged progress , but maintained his position that political progress was lacking .
Tuesday , while Obama gave a speech on foreign policy , the New York Daily News was the first to notice the removal of parts of Obama 's campaign site listing the Iraq troop surge as part of " The Problem . "
An Obama spokeswoman said it was just part of an " update " to " reflect changes in current events , " as our colleague Frank James notes in the Swamp .
The update includes a new section on the rise of Al Qaeda violence in Afghanistan .
But some might see the updating as part of Obama 's skip to the political center now that he 's secured the Democratic nomination .
" Today , " McCain said Tuesday , " we know Sen. Obama was wrong " to oppose the troop surge .
An old quote of Obama 's criticizing the " rash war , " which helped him with the left wing of his party and helped differentiate his stand from that of Sen.
Hillary Clinton , a primary opponent who voted for the use of force in Iraq , has been replaced on his site by one saying that ending the Iraq war will make America safer .
That 's more of a general election message .
And hat tip to the folks over at the Wake Up America blog for their continuing trenchant analyses of the summer campaigns in general and , specifically , for highlighting the video below that contrasts Obama 's pre-surge position with a more recent interview of David Axelrod , his chief campaign strategist , denying Obama 's statements .
A reminder of how carefully voters must listen during these last four campaign months .
-- Andrew Malcolm
( Mental Floss ) --
If the throngs of crazed customers clutching registry printouts at the Crate and Barrel are any indication , wedding season is once again upon us .
Before you head off to the next joyous union on your jam - packed calendar , why not take a moment to reflect on rich history of marriage celebrations and revel in the realization that weddings are , at their core , incredibly bizarre .
The white wedding dress
Technically , today 's wedding gowns are n't white .
They are " Candlelight , " " Warm Ivory , " " Ecru " or " Frost . "
But there was a time when a bride 's wedding attire was simply the best thing in her closet ( talk about " off the rack " ) , and could be any color , even black .
To convince her groom that she came from a wealthy family , brides would also pile on layers of fur , silk and velvet , as apparently grooms did n't care if his wife - to - be reeked of sweaty B.O. as long as she was loaded .
It was dear ol ' Queen Victoria ( whose reign lasted from 1837 - 1901 ) who made white fashionable .
She wore a pale gown trimmed in orange blossoms for her 1840 wedding to her first cousin , Prince Albert .
Hordes of royal - crazed plebeians immediately began to copy her , which is an astonishing feat considering that " People Magazine " was n't around to publish the Super Exclusive Wedding Photos , or instruct readers on how to Steal Vicki 's Hot Wedding Style .
Mental Floss : Celebrity wedding quiz
Giving away the bride
Remember that Women 's Studies class you considered taking in college ?
Allow us to summarize what you would have learned :
All of our society 's gender issues stem from the fact that fathers once used their daughters as currency to a ) pay off a debt to a wealthier land owner , b ) symbolize a sacrificial , monetary peace offering to an opposing tribe or c ) buy their way into a higher social strata .
So next time you tear up watching a beaming father walk his little girl down the aisle , remember that it 's just a tiny , barbaric little hold over from the days when daughters were nothing but dollar signs to daddy dearest .
And that veil she 's wearing ?
Yeah , that was so the groom would n't know if he was stuck with an uggo until it was time to kiss the bride and too late to back out on the transaction .
( There is also some superstitious B.S. about warding off evil spirits , but we think you 'll agree that hiding a busted grill from the husband - to - be is a more practical purpose . )
Mental Floss :
Weird wedding laws still on the books
The wedding party
Talk about your runaway brides -- the original duty of a " Best Man " was to serve as armed backup for the groom in case he had to resort to kidnapping his intended bride away from disapproving parents .
The " best " part of that title refers to his skill with a sword , should the need arise .
( You would n't want to take the " just okay " member of your weapon - wielding posse with you to steal yourself a wife , would you ? )
The best man stands guard next to the groom right up through the exchange of vows ( and later , outside the newlyweds ' bedroom door ) , just in case anyone should attack or if a non-acquiescent bride should try to make a run for it .
It 's said that feisty groups like the Huns , Goths and Visigoths took so many brides by force that they kept a cache of weapons stored beneath the floorboards of churches for convenience .
Modern - day best men are more likely to store an emergency six - pack at the ceremony for convenience , but the title remains an apt one .
Ladies -- believe it or not -- the concept of the bridesmaid 's gown was not invented to inflict painful dowdiness upon the bride 's friends and female relatives thus making the bride look hotter by comparison .
Historically , that dress you 'll never wear again was actually selected with the purpose of tricking the eye of evil spirits and jealous ex-lovers ( spicy ! ) .
Brides ' faithful attendants were instructed to wear a dress similar to that of the bride so that during their group stroll to the church it would be hard for any ill - willed spirits or former boy - toys to spot the bride and curse / kidnap / throw rocks at her .
( Ditto for the boys in matching penguin suits , saving the groom from a similar fate . )
Garter and bouquet toss
This pair of rituals has long been the scourge of the modern wedding guest .
What could possibly be more humiliating than being forced out to the center of a parquet dance floor and being expected to demonstrate your desperation by diving for flying flowers ?
How about grasping in the air for a lacy piece of undergarment that until moments ago resided uncomfortably close to the crotch of your buddy 's wife ?
At any other point in time , that would make you seem wildly creepy .
So why is it acceptable at a wedding ?
It used to be that after the bride and groom said , " I do , " they were to go immediately into a nearby room and consummate the marriage .
Obviously , to really make it official , there would need to be witnesses , which basically led to hordes of wedding guests crowding around the bed , pushing and shoving to get a good view and hopefully to get their hands on a lucky piece of the bride 's dress as it was ripped from her body .
Sometimes the greedy guests helped get the process going by grabbing at the bride 's dress as she walked by , hoping for a few threads of good fortune .
In time , it seems , people realized that this was all a bit , well ... creepy , and it was decided that for modesty 's sake the bride could toss her bouquet as a diversion as she made her getaway and the groom could simply remove an item of the bride 's undergarments and then toss it back outside to the waiting throngs to prove that he was about to , uh , seal the deal .
Something old , something new , something borrowed , something blue ( and a sixpence in my shoe ? )
A common theme that you 've no doubt noticed throughout this post : humans used to be a superstitious bunch .
This rhyming phrase neatly lists a number of English customs dating back to the Victorian age which , when worn in combination , should bring the bride oodles of fabulous good luck .
The something old was meant to tie the bride to her family and her past , while the something new represented her new life as the property of a new family .
The item borrowed was supposed to be taken from someone who was already a successfully married wife , so as to pass on a bit of her good fortune to the new bride .
The color blue stood for all sorts of super fun things like faithfulness , loyalty , and purity .
The sixpence , of course , was meant to bring the bride and her new groom actual , cold , hard fortune .
Just in case that was n't enough , brides of yore also carried bunches of herbs ( which most brides now replace with expensive , out - of - season peonies ) to ward off evil spirits .
Mental Floss :
More bizarre customs
Saving the wedding cake
Why do couples eat freezer - burned wedding cake on their one - year anniversary ?
To answer this , we must look to the lyrics of a schoolyard classic :
First comes love , then comes marriage , then comes a baby in a baby carriage !
It used to be assumed that when there was a wedding , a christening would follow shortly .
So , rather than bake two cakes for the occasions , they 'd just bake one big one and save a part of it to be eaten at a later date when the squealing bundle of joy arrived .
Eventually folks warmed to the idea of giving the poor kid his own , newly baked cake , but the custom of saving a portion of the wedding cake far longer than it should be saved and then eating it and deluding oneself to believe that it actually tastes good is one that persists to this day .
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
The folks at SETI@home have put out a desperate plea for the community to bust out those quill pens and start writing strongly - worded letters to congress persons .
Apparently the Arecibo Observatory , the world 's largest radio telescope and SETI@home 's data source , is being threatened with some massive budget cuts .
Given that a replacement for Arecibo wo n't be online until 2020 at best , folks are understandably upset .
Turns out Arecibo is also one of the best shots we have at detecting an earth - threatening asteroid before it's too late and we have to sit through another Elijah Wood movie on the subject .
You know what you have to do .
[ Thanks , Brian ]
When the Internet Archive , a project founded in 1996 to create a digital library of the web , was served an illegal National Security Letter ( NSL ) by the FBI , Archive founder and Digital Librarian , Brewster Kahle , did what any self - respecting defender of free expression would do : he got pissed .
But Kahle did more .
He sued the FBI –and won .
After a legal challenge from the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) in federal district court in San Francisco , the Bureau was forced to withdraw the NSL and unseal the case , allowing the Archive ’s founder to speak out about his battle with autocratic Bushist agents .
The NSL was served on the Archive–a library recognized as such by the state of California–and Kahle ’s attorneys in November 2007 .
The Bureau demanded personal information about one of the library ’s patrons , including the individual ’s name , address , and any electronic communication records pertaining to the user .
A National Security Letter , an onerous tool deployed by the Bureau to root out suspected “ terrorists ” and other malefactors , is a covert means by which the state obtains access to personal customer records from Internet Service Providers , banks , other financial institutions and credit reporting agencies without the approval of a judge .
In other words , under the guise of a “ national security investigation , ” NSLs are very sharp hooks for government fishing expeditions .
Recipients are gagged from ever disclosing they have come under the Bureau ’s baneful gaze .
And since the passage of the viral Patriot Act in 2001 by a servile Congress , the use of these illegal procedures have fed the FBI ’s seemingly insatiable demand for private records .
Wired magazine reports that between 2003 - 2006 the Bureau has issued some 200,000 NSLs , often without a shred of legal justification for doing so , nor oversight to rein in their misuse .
Ryan Singel writes :
Though FBI guidelines on using NSLs warned of overusing them , two Congressionally ordered audits revealed that the FBI had issued hundreds of illegal requests for student health records , telephone records and credit reports .
The reports also found that the FBI had issued hundreds of thousands of NSLs since 2001 , but failed to track their use .
In a letter to Congress last week , the FBI admitted it can only estimate how many NSLs it has issued .
Unfortunately for the Bureau , Kahle , who is also serves on the EFF ’s Board of Directors , decided to challenge the NSL because it exceeded the FBI ’s limited authority to target libraries during “ espionage ” or “ terrorism ” investigations .
According to a joint press release by the ACLU and EFF , Kahle said ,
The free flow of information is at the heart of every library ’s work .
That ’s why Congress passed a law limiting the FBI ’s power to issue NSLs to America ’s libraries .
While it ’s never easy standing up to the government –particularly when I was barred from discussing it with anyone –I knew I had to challenge something that was clearly wrong .
I ’m grateful that I am able now to talk about what happened to me , so that other libraries can learn how they can fight back from these overreaching demands .
During a conference call with journalists on Wednesday , Kahle told reporters , “ Not being able to talk about it with our board , with my wife , made it very difficult .
I can imagine a hurried staffer sticking a gag into a hurried bill .
But gags do n’t seem to be necessary , and now , what we ’ve discovered in practice , gagging librarians is horrendous , ” the Washington Post reports .
Kahle said after the court ruling , “ This is an unqualified success that will help other recipients understand that you can push back on these . ”
As I reported last month , the Bureau actually returned documents they had already obtained in a 2005 terrorism - related case , after North Carolina State University refused to hand over educational records to FBI snoops who issued an illegal NSL against the University .
Why ?
Because it provided FBI Director Robert Mueller an opportunity to demand Congress grant the Bureau additional powers it was n’t entitled to , and despite having obtained the documents in question after a federal grand jury issued a subpoena–and University officials had already complied !
While the Internet Archive ’s victory against the FBI puts an end to the government ’s challenge in this case , the settlement prevents Kahle or his attorneys from discussing what the Bureau was so intent on perusing , even though the FBI was seeking public information–not “ state secrets , ” nor “ evidence ” of a “ terrorist plot . ”
But these days , as the post - Constitutional “ New Order ” continues to cast a tyrannical pall across the American landscape , even a small victory against those who “ work … the dark side , ” has merit .
The partially redacted documents on the Internet Archive case are available here .
For more information on NSLs click here .
: : : : : : : : : :
Here ’s a little math exercise for you :
To build a levee 7 excavators move the required earth to the contruction site within 40 days .
Six days into the work , two excavators are damaged and cannot be used for 14 days .
How many days will be necessary to move the earth to the construction site now ?
And while you ’re at it , listen to some Italian music .
Well done , you were right on target :
Here ‘s how my book says it ’s done .
Carbon Cult sickos are under fire for an interactive website that tells children they should die because they emit CO2 .
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's " Planet Slayer " site invites young children to take a " greenhouse gas quiz " , asking them " how big a pig are you ? " .
At the end of the quiz , the pig explodes , and ABC tells children at " what age you should die at so you do n’t use more than your fair share of Earth ’s resources ! "
It 's one of a number of interactive features that " Get the dirt on greenhouse without the guilt trips .
No lectures .
No multinational - bashing ( well , maybe a little ... ) .
Just fun and games and the answers to all your enviro - dilemas , " ABC claims .
Die , puny CO2 - emitting humans !
The site is aimed at 9 - year olds .
However even a " virtuous " rating ( e.g. not owning a car and recycling ) is outweighed by eating meat , or spending an average Aussie income - with the result that many 9 - year olds are being told they 've already outstayed their environmentally - compliant stay on the planet .
" Do you think it 's appropriate that the ABC ... depict people who are average Australians as massive overweight ugly pigs , oozing slime from their mouths , and then to have these pigs blow up in a mass of blood and guts ? " asked Senator Mitch Fifield in the Herald - Sun .
The state - sponsored broadcaster ( why is that not a surprise ? ) defended the morbid quiz , with ABC managing director Mark Scott insisting " the site was not designed to offend certain quarters of the community but to engage children in environmental issues . "
Which is eco-speak for frighten them witless .
However , as the excellent science blog Watts Up With That points out , the site clearly breaches Australian broadcasting guidelines on " harmful or disturbing " content .
Meanwhile , the site 's designers are revelling in the controversy :
" Thank God for outraged senators - you can't buy publicity like that , " PlanetSlayer 's " creative director " Bernie Hobbs crowed to the New York Post .
So how , according to ABC , does one appease the vengeful Death God , Gaia ?
by
There is little doubt that the recent spike in the price of gasoline has caused many Americans to change their driving habits .
Whether it ’s a drastic change like picking up and moving , or a more subtle change like making sure to drive the speed limit , chances are pretty good that we ’ve all done something to help offset higher gas prices .
One way many people have tried to reduce the pain at the pump is by walking or riding a bicycle when they need to take “ short trips . ”
Considering a large portion of our driving is done within a close proximity to our homes and places of employment , implementing this change into your life could considerably reduce the amount of money you pay for gasoline .
I know some of you out there think this is a waste of time and is n’t worth trying out .
So , for those of you who are skeptical of making such a change , I ’d like to present to you the argument for the “ Two Mile Rule . ”
Very simply , the Two Mile Rule says that , when safe , you either walk or ride your bike when you ’re going some place within a two mile radius of your home , work , etc .
The only exception to this rule would be if you absolutely needed your vehicle – e.g. you ’re going to the grocery store and are picking up way too many items to carry home .
Here are the three main reasons why you should follow the Two Mile Rule :
You ’ll undoubtedly reduce your gasoline consumption .
Obviously , if you ’re not driving your car , you ’re not going to be using gas .
Also , short driving tends to be marred by lots of stop signs , traffic lights , and needless idling , all of which do a great job of sucking gas and reducing your fuel economy .
And , like I said before , it ’s likely that much of your driving consists of these short trips .
If you can eliminate these trips , you should see a significant savings .
Less wear and tear on your vehicle .
It does n’t take a degree in mechanical engineering to know that the more you drive your car , the more wear and tear you put it through .
So , if you can reduce the number of miles you drive , you should expect to increase your vehicle ’s lifespan , which over the time you own the vehicle , could save you thousands of dollars in repairs , insurance and vehicle replacement cost .
You ’ll end up in much better shape .
In addition to the health benefits , by losing weight you ’ll increase your vehicle ’s fuel economy when you do have to get behind the wheel .
As you probably already know , for every extra 100 pounds you carry around in your car , you reduce its gas mileage by 2 % .
So , if you can find a way to lose 25 pounds by being more active ( assuming you need to lose the weight ) , you should see a slight increase in fuel economy .
Over the last couple of weeks , I ’ve started to incorporate the Two Mile Rule into my driving routine .
Whenever possible I try to walk or ride my bike .
I ’ve even started riding my bike 16 miles round trip to and from work .
A bit outside the two mile radius , I know .
While it was a pain when I first started , I ’m certainly glad I kept with it .
I feel like I ’m in much better shape , I ’ve dropped eight pounds and I ’ve been able to add a couple of days to each tank of gas .
And , considering my car ’s starting to get up there in age , I ’m hoping that I ’m extending its lifespan as well .
On that note , give the Two Mile Rule a try .
Your bank account , car and body will thank you .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Monkey , Pigsy and Sandy head on a " Journey to the East " for BBC Sport this summer .
This animated sequence , based on the classical Chinese novel , " Journey to the West " , has been produced by Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett , the men behind virtual band Gorillaz .
It will feature on TV , radio , web and mobile , introducing coverage of the Games on BBC Sport - the Olympic broadcaster in the UK .
This animated sequence will be broadcast across BBC television in the UK from 1930 BST on Thursday , 24 July 2008 .
The Incredible Hulk Tops Weekend Box Office at $ 54.5 Million ( Poster , Trailer )
The Incredible Hulk , billed as an adventure , fantasy , sci - fi film , took top spot at the Box Office over the weekend with $ 54.5 million .
The Universal production was shown in 3,500 theaters according to Box Office Mojo .
The project starsand
Second place finisher was Kung Fu Panda , starring the voice of Jack Black , taking in $ 34.3 million during it 's second weekend in theaters .
Total earnings to date are $ 118 million .
Third place honors went to The Happening , starring Mark Wahlberg , with $ 30.5 million in it 's first weekend .
The Incredible Hulk tells the story of Dr Bruce Banner , who seeks a cure to his unique condition , which causes him to turn into a giant green monster under emotional stress .
Whilst on the run from military which seeks his capture , Banner comes close to a cure .
But all is lost when a new creature emerges ; The Abomination .
Check out the other top movie posters below and the movie trailer from Incredible Hulk .
sarah.ross
ART +RESEARCH *
nowart+researchtexts+teachinglinksbio
* Archisuits
Archisuit consists of an edition of four leisure jogging suits made for specific architectural structures in Los Angeles .
The suits include the negative space of the structures and allow a wearer to fit into , or onto , structures designed to deny them .
For larger images , click the thumbnails below .
Watch a video of the suits in situ ( 4MB quicktime )
OpenSSH 5.0 released
From : Damien Miller < djm-AT-cvs.openbsd.org >
To : lwn - AT-lwn.net Subject : Announce : OpenSSH 5.0 released Date : Thu , 3 Apr 2008 04:48:30 - 0600 ( MDT ) Message -ID : <200804031048.m33AmU4m016486@cvs.openbsd.org >
OpenSSH 5.0 has just been released .
It will be available from the mirrors listed at http://www.openssh.com/ shortly .
We apologise for any inconvenience resulting from this release being made so shortly after 4.9 .
Unfortunately we only learned of the below security issue from the public CVE report .
The Debian OpenSSH maintainers responsible for handling the initial report of this bug failed to report it via either the private OpenSSH security contact list ( openssh@openssh.com ) or the portable OpenSSH Bugzilla ( http://bugzilla.mindrot.org/).
We ask anyone wishing to report security bugs in OpenSSH to please use the openssh@openssh.com contact and to practice responsible disclosure .
OpenSSH is a 100 % complete SSH protocol version 1.3 , 1.5 and 2.0 implementation and includes sftp client and server support .
Once again , we would like to thank the OpenSSH community for their continued support of the project , especially those who contributed code or patches , reported bugs , tested snapshots and purchased T - shirts or posters .
T - shirt , poster and CD sales directly support the project .
Pictures and more information can be found at : http://www.openbsd.org/tshirts.html and http://www.openbsd.org/orders.html
For international orders use http://https.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/order and for European orders , use http://https.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/order.eu
Changes since OpenSSH 4.9 : ============================
Security : * CVE -2008 - 1483 : Avoid possible hijacking of X11 - forwarded connections by refusing to listen on a port unless all address families bind successfully .
Checksums : ========== - SHA1 ( openssh - 5.0.tar.gz ) = 729fb3168edf6a68408223b5ed82e59d13b57c47 - SHA1 ( openssh - 5.0p1.tar.gz ) = 121cea3a730c0b0353334b6f46f438de30ab4928 Reporting Bugs : ===============
- please read
http://www.openssh.com/report.html and http://bugzilla.mindrot.org/
OpenSSH is brought to you by Markus Friedl , Niels Provos , Theo de Raadt , Kevin Steves , Damien Miller , Darren Tucker , Jason McIntyre , Tim Rice and Ben Lindstrom .
Lurking behind the Supreme Court ’s ruling last week that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to bear arms were a series of fascinating , disputed and now in many ways irrelevant questions .
Do gun control laws reduce crime ?
Do they save lives ?
Is it possible they even cost lives ?
Justice Stephen G. Breyer , one of the dissenters in the 5 - to - 4 decision , surveyed a quite substantial body of empirical research on whether gun control laws do any good .
Then he wrote : “ The upshot is a set of studies and counterstudies that , at most , could leave a judge uncertain about the proper policy conclusion . ”
There is no question , of course , that guns figure in countless murders , suicides and accidental deaths .
Over the five years ending in 1997 , the Justice Department says , there was an average of 36,000 firearms - related deaths a year .
( Fifty - one percent were suicides , and 44 percent homicides . )
Determining whether particular gun control laws would have , on balance , prevented some of those deaths is difficult .
Take Washington , D.C. , whose near - total ban on handguns in the home was on the receiving end of last week ’s decision .
At the crudest level , as Justice Breyer wrote , violent crime in Washington has increased since the ban took effect in 1976 .
“ Indeed , ” he continued , “ a comparison with 49 other major cities reveals that the district ’s homicide rate is actually substantially higher relative to these other cities than it was before the handgun restriction went into place . ”
Sun Interactive Prescription drug use
Audio Clip Dr. Mel Pohl , a Las Vegas addiction recovery specialist , discusses the rise of narcotic abuse in the U.S .
Audio Clip
Pohl talks about the nature of addiction .
Audio Clip
Pohl discusses the role that government has played in stopping narcotic abuse .
Audio Clip
Pohl talks about the origins of narcotic abuse .
Audio Clip Larry Pinson , executive director of the Nevada Pharmacy Board , talks about the rise of narcotics abuse .
Audio Clip Pinson talks about what the Nevada Pharmacy Board has done to reduce the diversion of prescription drugs .
Audio Clip Pinson discusses the rise in prescription drug diversion that he has witnessed within the pharmacy field .
Audio Clip Dr. Michael McKenna , a Las Vegas based pain specialist , discusses the medical movement of pain treatment and its connection with prescribed narcotics .
Audio Clip McKenna talks about the two sides of opioid medications .
Audio Clip McKenna discusses the good and bad effects of pain treatment through the use of narcotics .
Audio Clip McKenna talks about the role of the physician in prescribing narcotics .
Beyond the Sun Pain killer comparison chart
Reader poll
How difficult is it for you to get a narcotics prescription from your doctor ?
I do n't even have to ask .
I hardly have to ask .
It depends on how well I can persuade him I 'm really in pain .
It 's difficult .
View results
Nevadans consume about twice the national average of several prescription painkillers , making us among the most narcotic - addled populations in the United States , a Sun analysis has found .
The consequences are deadly .
More people in Clark County die of prescription narcotics overdoses than of overdoses of illicit drugs or from vehicle accidents .
In 2006 , Nevadans were the No. 1 users per capita of hydrocodone — better - known by the brand names Vicodin or Lortab .
We took enough of the drug to equal 48 Vicodin pills for every man , woman and child in the state for a year .
And the numbers are climbing .
From 1997 to 2006 , the most recent year for which data are available , the per capita rate of hydrocodone used in Nevada jumped by 273 percent .
Nevadans are turning to other narcotic painkillers at an even faster rate .
The per capita use of oxycodone , best - known by the brand name OxyContin , climbed sevenfold from 1997 to 2006 , while methadone use jumped 12 - fold .
Nevada is ranked fourth in the nation for methadone , morphine and oxycodone use per person , the Sun analysis found .
Following crack cocaine in the 1980s and methamphetamine in the past decade , prescription narcotics are “ the next big drug epidemic , ” said Matt Alberto , deputy chief of investigations for the Nevada Public Safety Department , the lead prescription drug policing agency in the state .
Emergency room physician Dr. Edwin “ Flip ” Homansky , medical director of the Valley Health System and a member of the Nevada State Board of Health , said the dramatic rise in prescription narcotic use should be examined .
“ When you see increases like that , it ’s a warning sign to all of us , ” he said , referring to the Sun ’s analysis .
The Sun reached its findings after analyzing several thousand pages of Drug Enforcement Administration reports on the state - by - state distribution of controlled substances to pharmacies and health care practitioners .
( The DEA monitors the production and distribution of prescription narcotics , which fall into the highest category of regulation for prescription drugs . )
After breaking down the data by state populations to reach per capita figures , the Sun determined the highest per person consumption of each prescription narcotic , as well as how consumption has changed over time .
Nevada leads a national trend in the growing use of narcotic painkillers .
The National Institute on Drug Abuse reports the number of opiate prescriptions escalated from about 40 million in 1991 to 180 million in 2007 — a 350 percent increase at a time when the nation ’s population increased by 19 percent .
A few doctors are doing most of the prescribing .
A Sun analysis of a Nevada Pharmacy Board database that tracked all the prescriptions for controlled substances in the state , not just narcotics , showed that in 2007 , 1 percent of medical practitioners in the database prescribed 51 percent of controlled substances in the database , and 5 percent of them prescribed 88 percent of the drugs .
No identifying information was made available to the Sun , but experts presume that the heaviest prescribers are pain management and cancer specialists .
Although analyzing individual prescribing habits could hint at who might be overprescribing narcotic painkillers , scrutinizing the database with that intent is banned by statute .
Pharmacy board officials said that ’s to allow doctors to make judgments and prescribe medicine without fear , which could compromise patient care .
The database can be examined by police as part of an active investigation , but authorities ca n’t use it to go fishing for doctors who can be criminally prosecuted for overprescribing narcotic painkillers .
Assemblywoman Sheila Leslie , D - Reno , said it ’s important to understand the factors surrounding the rise in prescription narcotic use and abuse , so legislators may need to “ take a closer look ” at the law that prevents analyzing the state ’s highest prescribers .
Narcotic painkillers are derived from opium , a drug made from poppies that has been used medicinally for thousands of years .
Opiate use was common in the United States in the 19th century , and by the early 1900s , when it was recognized that doctors were overprescribing opiates and addiction was a problem , their use was regulated and the drugs fell out of favor .
They were mainly prescribed to cancer or terminal patients until the 1990s , when their use was expanded to people with chronic pain .
Now we ’re in a prescription narcotics boom .
The increasing use of prescription narcotic painkillers in America illustrates the evolving understanding and treatment of pain .
Among the chief challenges to doctors who prescribe potentially addictive painkillers is that pain can be described only subjectively , by the patient .
It ca n’t be measured clinically , like blood pressure or pulse rate .
As a result , pain treatment is both an art and a science .
Is the doctor to believe the patient is in pain , or is the doctor being conned by an addict or a drug dealer on the hunt for painkillers ?
Even the best pain management specialist will say he can’t always tell the difference .
The lines separating prescription narcotic dependence , abuse and addiction are blurry , making it difficult to say whether the skyrocketing drug use is a welcome relief , an epidemic , or something in between .
And experts disagree on how to interpret the growing use of narcotic painkillers .
Law enforcement complains about the illegal activity , addiction specialists decry that more people are becoming hooked on drugs , and pain management specialists talk about the benefits of narcotics .
Research on narcotics ’ effectiveness in treating pain is inconclusive .
In fact , there ’s some evidence they can increase pain .
Alarmed experts from all fields agree the rising rate of prescription narcotic use shows no sign of abating .
•••
The use of narcotics to treat pain got a tremendous boost in 1995 from the American Pain Society .
Its corporate members include the pharmaceutical companies Purdue , maker of OxyContin ; Abbott , maker of Vicodin and UCB , and Watson , maker of the hydrocodone drugs Lortab and Norco .
The society set guidelines saying proper pain management includes urging patients to report unrelieved pain .
At the time studies had shown that cancer patients were suffering needlessly because they were not being given enough painkillers .
In January 1999 , the Veterans Affairs Department , citing the American Pain Society ’s statement that pain is one of the main reasons people consult a doctor , launched a campaign known as “ Pain is the Fifth Vital Sign . ”
The initiative encouraged health care providers to monitor a patient ’s reported level of pain — a subjective symptom — as they did the four measurable vital signs : blood pressure , breathing rate , pulse and temperature .
Health care providers asked patients to rank pain on a scale of 1 to 10 , and were then urged to treat it .
Dr. Mel Pohl , a Las Vegas addiction recovery specialist , criticizes the pharmaceutical industry ’s role in making pain the fifth vital sign .
“ The rationale was that we do n’t want people to suffer , ” Pohl said .
“ In the best case that ’s what it was about .
In the worst case , somebody was working this out with the ( financial ) bottom line in mind .
Probably both factors are part of it . ”
Soon after , the methods advocated by Veterans Affairs were endorsed by the Joint Commission , the agency that monitors and regulates hospitals .
Every hospital is now expected to measure pain in a similar manner .
Dr. Jim Marx , a Las Vegas addiction medicine and pain management specialist , praised the advances , saying doctors now realize they can safely treat patients for pain .
This allows patients such as blue - collar workers in Las Vegas to continue in their jobs , he said .
The advent of direct - to - consumer marketing by pharmaceutical companies has also contributed to the rise of prescription narcotics .
In 1997 , the Food and Drug Administration allowed drug companies to hype their brand - name medicines directly to consumers , which has helped remove any stigma attached to their use .
Doctors say patients are now demanding drugs by name .
Homansky , the emergency room doctor , recalled the case of a tourist who said she ’d left her bottle of hydrocodone pills at home and needed more .
After Homansky recommended a nonnarcotic treatment , she stormed out of the hospital , cursing the staff along the way .
“ We ’ve had people who get physically abusive , verbally abusive and expect that we ’re just there to provide them whatever they want , ” Homansky said .
The pharmaceutical companies also market their narcotic painkillers by unleashing cadres of sales representatives on doctors and hosting dinners where physicians offer testimonials about the companies ’ medicines .
“ There ’s a lot of money in the drug industry and they push really hard , ” one pain doctor said .
No one can say with certainty why so many narcotic painkillers are used in Nevada , but experts make several educated guesses .
The lifestyle of night life and partying leads to more drug - seeking and abuse , doctors said .
Also , pain is a complicated symptom of multiple diseases that ’s intensified by psychological distress .
Las Vegas is a transient place where many people are without social and family support and where the nation ’s highest rate of suicide shows a population with mental health problems , doctors said .
The city ’s physician shortage also likely plays a role , several experts said .
Doctors stressed for time may treat the symptomatic pain rather than explore the problem that ’s causing the pain .
And once the treatment begins it may continue under the logic that it ’s what the patient is accustomed to .
Doctors may further be predisposed to cave in to patients ’ requests for narcotics because of how they are reimbursed by insurance companies : by the number of patients they see , not the time spent with each .
This may lead providers to take the path of least resistance by writing a prescription .
Pohl , the addiction recovery specialist , said it takes doctors “ five minutes to say yes and 45 minutes to say no ” to a patient ’s demand for drugs .
•••
Larry Pinson was browsing in a shop recently when a greeting card caught his eye : “ The best part of getting sick is Vicodin , ” the card read .
“ So make sure you save me some , and do n’t tell your doctor ! ”
When greeting cards joke about illegal narcotic abuse , Pinson said , “ We ’ve got a problem . ”
The United States makes up less than 5 percent of the world ’s population , but is supplied 99 percent of its hydrocodone and 71 percent of its oxycodone , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse .
As executive director of the Nevada Pharmacy Board , Pinson presides over the licensing of thousands of pharmacists , pharmacies , technicians and wholesalers , plus about 7,000 doctors , nurse practitioners and dentists who prescribe the drugs and about 180 drug distributors .
About a decade ago the board became aware of the emerging practice of “ doctor shopping , ” the illegal practice of conniving patients ’ visiting multiple providers to get drugs , either to feed an addiction or to sell .
So the Nevada Pharmacy Board created a database that would list every prescription written in the state for certain controlled substances , with the name of the provider and the patient , and the date of the transaction .
The monitoring program would help catch patients who might be “ doctor shopping . ”
Regulators from about three dozen other states have followed Nevada ’s lead .
A growing number of health care practitioners are using the online database to track their patients ’ use of prescriptions .
In 1997 , the first year of its existence , the database was used 480 times .
The number grew exponentially to 65,372 reports in 2007 , nearly double from the previous year .
The database flags patients who make a certain number of visits to doctors within an allotted time frame , though officials will not say exactly what type of patient behavior triggers the system , for fear addicts will adjust their behavior accordingly .
The database then alerts the doctors to patients who may be shopping for drugs .
Pain management specialists in Las Vegas say the prescription monitoring program is one of many safeguards they use to ensure patients are not abusing painkillers .
“ Our attitude is that when a patient leaves our office with a month ’s worth of medication , it ’s the equivalent of leaving the office with a loaded gun , ” said Dr. Michael McKenna , a Harvard - and Stanford - trained pain specialist in Las Vegas .
Among the precautions pain specialists can take to guard against abuse are requiring contracts with patients that discourage doctor shopping , urine tests to verify drug use and monthly visits to track prescriptions and lessen the number of pills a patient has at a given time .
But not every provider takes these precautions .
Jennifer Hilton says that after she had a tooth filled , her dentist handed her a prescription for Vicodin even though she was not complaining about pain .
She bristled at the unsolicited prescription because she ’s a program coordinator for an inpatient drug addiction program for adolescent girls that ’s run by Westcare , a Las Vegas nonprofit that specializes in substance abuse treatment .
Hilton admonished her dentist to ask whether his patients have addiction problems before handing them Vicodin prescriptions .
She said the dentist replied that patients should inform him if they have a drug problem .
“ I ’m sure some of my clients would have loved to have him as a dentist , ” Hilton said , incredulous .
Las Vegas medical professionals repeatedly fail to take addiction seriously , Hilton said .
On every clinic visit her teenage drug addicts hand doctors a medical feedback sheet that says : “ This person is in a residential treatment facility .
Please do not prescribe them anything of a narcotic or addictive nature . ”
Still , about one in three kids returns with a narcotic painkiller prescription .
Las Vegas doctors say they are aware of physicians who prescribe whatever drug patients desire , so they will return .
It ’s good for business .
One drug addict told the Sun addicts share information about the doctors who are quick to write prescriptions .
“ If you want ( the drugs ) , you know where to go , ” the woman said .
She said a few doctors ran her name through the Nevada Pharmacy Board ’s database , recognized her as a doctor shopper and refused to give her drugs .
But they never helped her or talked to her about treatment options , she said .
Instead they sent her on her way .
The woman , who did not want to be identified , said she is trying to quit drugs and is detoxifying at home .
Her only hope is her own motivation to get clean .
Her only support is from fellow addicts in her 12 - step program .
“ I could go to the doctor tomorrow and mess it all up , ” she said .
Dr. Jerry Jones , a Las Vegas obstetrician - gynecologist who is president of the Clark County Medical Society , said there may be a few unethical doctors who are overprescribing narcotics .
“ Most primary care doctors are extremely cautious and conservative about their narcotics prescriptions , ” Jones said .
•••
Experts struggle to explain the notably high use of narcotic painkillers in Nevada .
Two popular explanations are based on myths or outdated assumptions propagated in the medical community .
Every medical professional interviewed by the Sun cited what each said was Nevada ’s aging population — assuming older people need more drugs because they suffer from more cancer or painful chronic conditions .
But U.S. Census figures show that Nevada is actually the 11th - youngest state in the country .
National experts said the same thing , and indeed the median U.S. age — reflecting aging Baby Boomers — rose from 35 in 1997 to 37 in 2007 , according to Census figures .
But the population aged 65 and older decreased in the same time frame from 12.6 percent to 12.4 percent .
The other common explanation for the high rate of narcotic use was that pain is undertreated in the United States and that Nevada doctors are prescribing more , as they should .
But data suggesting the undertreatment of pain are dated and do n’t reflect the exponential growth of prescription narcotic use in the past decade .
James Zacny , a psychopharmacologist at the University of Chicago who studies opiates , said the undertreatment of pain is no longer a concern for most patient populations .
“ I ’ve heard the pendulum has swung the other way , ” he said .
“ Now there ’s some concern about overprescribing . ”
The tragic irony is that painkillers may not work as well as people think .
Many doctors say they ’re not ideal for long - term use for chronic pain .
And some studies show , paradoxically , that they can increase pain .
McKenna said the research is relatively new , but shows that some patients actually improve when the medication is withdrawn .
“ Pain is very complicated , ” McKenna said .
“ But throwing opiates alone at pain is probably not the best approach . ”
On Monday : Skyrocketing use leads to abuse , addiction and death .
The New Addiction : Part 2
Executive or Imperial Branch ?
Editor ’s Note : Lost amid the U.S. news media ’s focus on important matters , like Rev. Jeremiah Wright ’s latest outburst , has been any interest in trivial questions , such as how George W. Bush has trampled the U.S. Constitution , stampeded the nation into a disastrous war and walked all over Congress .
In this guest essay , the Independent Institute ’s Ivan Eland takes a stab at getting the American people to pay some attention to the future of the Republic :
More memos recently have surfaced that were written early in the Bush administration by John C. Yoo from the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel -- the man who gave us the administration 's horrifyingly narrow definition of torture .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
As difficult as it is to believe , the recently released memos are even scarier than the original torture memo .
Yoo boldly asserts that the president 's power during wartime is nearly unlimited .
For example , he argues that Congress has no right to pass laws governing the interrogations of enemy combatants and the commander in chief can ignore such laws if passed , and can , without constraint , seize oceangoing ships .
The memos also argue that military operations in the United States against terrorists are not subject to the Fourth Amendment requirement for search warrants or the Fifth Amendment requirement for due process .
This broad interpretation of executive power and the president 's commander - in - chief role would make the nation 's founders jump out of their graves .
Purposefully , the Constitutional Convention enumerated the large number of Congress 's powers in Article I , and gave most powers related to defense and foreign affairs to the people 's branch .
In particular , the war power was given to Congress .
The chief executive , whose powers were enumerated in the much more brief Article II , was given the commander - in - chief role , but this was intended narrowly , only as commander of U.S. troops on the battlefield .
Instead of declaring war , which has fallen out of fashion , the Congress , after 9/11 , passed a resolution authorizing the president to go after al - Qaeda overseas but deliberately omitted domestic activities from that authorization .
Democrats and Republicans alike declared that they were not endorsing a broad expansion of the president 's authority as commander - in - chief .
An important example from the nation 's infancy shows how narrowly the founders regarded the president 's role as commander in chief .
During the Quasi - War with France in the last years of the 1700s , Congress authorized President John Adams to seize armed ships sailing to French ports .
Adams exceeded the congressional authorization by ordering the seizure of vessels sailing to or from French ports .
The Supreme Court , in the case Little v. Barreme , ruled that Adams had exceeded the authority Congress had delegated to him .
So much for Bush 's supposed intrinsic authority to seize all oceangoing ships without congressional authorization .
In 1952 , President Truman , the first imperial president , seized the steel mills under his alleged " inherent power " as commander in chief -- supposedly to prevent paralysis of the national economy and using the rationale that soldiers in the Korean War needed weapons and ammunition .
By a wide margin , in the case Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer , the Supreme Court struck down Truman 's executive order to seize the mills because it had no statutory or constitutional basis .
Essentially , the court ruled that the president may be commander in chief of the armed forces but not the country .
Yoo 's assertion that Congress has no right to pass laws that impinge on the president 's claim to a broad interpretation of his role as commander in chief violates the core of the constitutional system of checks and balances , and for which the United States regularly criticizes despots in foreign countries .
Finally , the Fourth Amendment ( requiring warrants for any search ) and the Fifth Amendment ( the right to due legal process ) contain no exceptions for wartime .
In fact , in a republic -- where the rule of law should be king -- crises and wartime are exactly when people 's rights are most likely to be endangered and when safeguards are especially needed .
Even more tragic and dangerous than the quagmires of Iraq and Afghanistan have been President Bush 's usurping of power from the other two branches of government and the creation of the " hyperimperial " presidency .
Ivan Eland is Director of the Center on Peace & Liberty at The Independent Institute .
Dr. Eland has spent 15 years working for Congress on national security issues , including stints as an investigator for the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Principal Defense Analyst at the Congressional Budget Office .
His books include The Empire Has No Clothes : U.S. Foreign Policy Exposed , and Putting “ Defense ” Back into U.S. Defense Policy .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Black conservatives are thinking of voting for Obama .
Put aside for a moment the overwhelming desire to mock anyone who calls themself a black conservative ( and the ones who are gay too , well , let ’s not even go there ) .
This article is actually quite fascinating .
Black conservatives are actually saying that they ’re not sure how they vote against Obama .
Now , not like they ’re a very large voting bloc .
But , they ’re evidence of something else .
Obama ’s ability to reach across the aisle and entice the middle , or in this case , the right .
And , it takes away McCain ’s ability to woo blacks , and more importantly , and the true reason Republicans tend to woo blacks , it takes away McCain ’s ability to convince moderate whites that Republicans actually care about blacks .
That ’s why the GOP reaches out to blacks , to win liberal Republican whites by “ proving ” that the party is n’t intolerant .
And if even conservative blacks are deserting the party for Obama , that ’s interesting .
That hotbed of radical dissent the British Journal of Photography reports this week on disturbing police powers to forbid photography in certain situations .
Bizarrely Home Secretary Jacqui Smith states in a letter responding to a query from the NUJ :
“ First of all , may I take this opportunity to state that the Government greatly values the importance of the freedom of the press , and as such there is no legal restriction on photography in public places , ”
Before adding :
“ Decisions may be made locally to restrict or monitor photography in reasonable circumstances .
That is an operational decision for the officers involved based on the individual circumstances of each situation . ”
Which seems to imply what we ’ve long suspected , even the Government supports the old bill making up the law as they go along .
This whole row has blown up after the NUJ wrote to her about stasi - like tactics of the FIT teams who have taken to harassing and filming journalists along with protesters , activists and football supporters .
NUJ secretary general , Jeremy Dear , wrote to Smith at the end of June , and you can read the letter and his objections here .
SCOTTSDALE , Ariz. , June 11 ( UPI ) -- Taser International Inc. has been ordered to pay more than $ 6.2 million to the family of a California man who died after being stunned .
The verdict by a jury in federal court in the Northern District of California was the Arizona company 's first legal loss over its stun guns , The Arizona Republic reported .
The company has settled some suits , while others were dismissed or decided in Taser 's favor .
Advertisement
The jury decided Friday that Robert Heston of Salinas was 85 percent responsible for his death during a confrontation with police in 2005 .
But jurors decided on just over $ 1 million in compensatory damages and $ 5.2 million in punitive damages .
Taser 's stock dropped more than 11 percent in price Monday .
On Tuesday , the price stayed down at just over $ 6 per share .
Steve Tuttle , a company spokesman , said the jury verdict will be appealed .
Callbacks in TeX [ Jun. 20th , 2008 | 12:37 pm ] pozorvlak
In my thesis , there are a lot of places where I write expressions like f 1 x ... x f n or ( Σ y1 , ... , Σ yn ) or something similar .
The code to generate this is repetitive .
It would be nice to abstract out the general pattern of " list of things indexed from 1 to n , combined using some binary operation " .
But there 's a problem : the indexing can occur anywhere in what might be quite a complicated expression .
Rather than handing our " one to n " macro an ordinary TeX expression , we need to hand it an expression with placeholders : that is , we need to hand it a macro .
Then our one - to - n macro can invoke the macro we handed it with the arguments " 1 " and " n " to generate the code we want .
This is quite a common thing to want to do in computer programming .
It goes under various names , but probably the most common is " callback " .
More precisely , the callback is the piece of code accepted by the one - to -n macro , which it then invokes .
Callbacks are very generally useful - they 're the standard way of writing code for graphical user interfaces ( if you 've ever written an event handler in VB or an ActionListener in Java , you were writing callbacks ) , but they 're also used for XML processing ( via SAX ) and all sorts of other things .
Ruby 's iterators and Smalltalk 's if - statements take callbacks .
If you 've ever used the map function in Perl or Lisp or Python or Haskell , you were writing a callback .
But can we write callback - based code in TeX ?
Well , yes , as it turns out .
One way would be to define our callback as a named macro every time we wanted to invoke \oneton : \ def\oneton#1#2{#1{1} # 2 \dots # 2 # 1{n}} \ def\xi#1{x_#1} $ $ \oneton\xi\otimes $ $ but that would quickly get insupportably tedious .
We want a way of passing some kind of anonymous lightweight block .
One way might be to pass the definition of the callback as an argument , and \oneton can take care of building the temporary macro .
Here 's the code to do it in plain TeX along with an example of its use : \ def\oneton#1#2{{\def\tmp##1{#1} \tmp{1} # 2 \dots # 2 \tmp{n}}} $ $ \oneton{f_#1}{\otimes} = \oneton{\sum_{i=1}^#1 x^i_#1}{\times} = \widehat{\bigoplus}(\oneton{y_#1^#1}{ , } ) $ $ \bye
The ## was something I dimly remembered when I wrote this code late last night : looking at my copy of the TeXBook this afternoon , I see that the ## is replaced by a single # during macro- expansion , so the part defining \tmp becomes a perfectly ordinary \ def\tmp # 1 { whatever you put as the definition } .
Note the curly brackets around the expansion of \oneton : that 's to ensure that the definition of \tmp is n't visible elsewhere , potentially wreaking havoc .
What if you 'd rather use LaTeX's
ewcommand ?
I 'd thought that
ewcommand could only go in the document prelude , but looking now , I see that I was wrong .
So you could , in fact , replace the \def in the body of \oneton with a
ewcommand , like so :
ewcommand\oneton [ 2 ] {
ewcommand\tmp [ 1 ] {#1} \tmp{1} # 2 \dots # 2 \tmp{n}}
You do n't need the ## trick any more , but it 's probably still worth knowing .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
The chief of Democrat Barack Obama ’s search for a vice presidential running mate stepped down from that role on Wednesday over questions about loans he received from a company involved in the U.S. housing crisis .
The Illinois senator said in a statement that Jim Johnson had decided to quit the unpaid position in order to avoid being a distraction from the process of gathering information about possible vice presidential candidates .
Obama clinched the Democratic presidential nomination last week and will face Republican John McCain in the November election .
“ Jim did not want to distract in any way from the very important task of gathering information about my vice presidential nominee , so he has made a decision to step aside that I accept , ” Obama said .
Obama appointed Johnson last week to a three - member team heading his search for a No. 2 . Other members of the team include Caroline Kennedy , daughter of the late President John Kennedy , and former Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder .
“ We have a very good selection process under way , and I am confident that it will produce a number of highly qualified candidates for me to choose from in the weeks ahead , ” Obama said .
The Wall Street Journal had reported Johnson , former head of the mortgage giant Fannie Mae , received private loans at below - market rates from Countrywide after he left Fannie Mae .
Countrywide has been accused of helping fuel the subprime mortgage crisis with risky loans .
Illinois Democratic Sen. Richard Durbin told MSNBC that it was Johnson ’s decision to step down and was the right move .
“ He ’s willing to step aside from this line of fire .
And it appeared that this was going to be a bigger story than it really should have been .
I think he made the right choice , ” said Durbin .
The campaign of Republican presidential candidate John McCain had heaped criticism on Johnson in response to weeks of attacks from Democrats over McCain ’s ties to lobbyists .
“ Jim Johnson ’s resignation raises serious questions about Barack Obama ’s judgment , ” said McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds .
Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton fired back , saying , “ We do n’t need any lectures from a campaign that waited fifteen months to purge the lobbyists from their staff . ”
Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama shakes hands during a Chicago 2016 Olympics rally in Chicago , June 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / John Gress
Obama had given Johnson a vote of confidence on Tuesday , dismissing Republican criticism of him .
Johnson had performed the same role for Walter Mondale in 1984 and John Kerry in 2004 .
“ I am not vetting my VP search committee for their mortgages , ” Obama had told reporters on Tuesday .
Obama ’s search for a running mate is casting a wide net .
Former NATO commander James Jones surfaced this week as a name on his list .
Among other possibilities are his vanquished rival , New York Sen. Hillary Clinton ; former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota , a close adviser to Obama ; Virginia Sen. Jim Webb , a decorated Marine veteran of the Vietnam War ; among others .
Johnson stepped down even as Obama was criticizing credit card companies for what he called predatory lending practices and accused McCain of turning a blind eye to them .
On a two - week tour focusing on problems in the U.S. economy , Obama held a round - table discussion with three people who have seen their credit card debt skyrocket due to a relentless cycle of interest rate increases and fees .
Obama said “ John McCain has been part of the problem , ” accusing the presumptive Republican nominee of siding with banking industry lobbyists on credit issues and voting against an effort to increase transparency on credit card bills .
“ When he had the chance to help families avoid falling into debt , John McCain sided with the credit card companies , ” Obama said of the Arizona senator .
( Additional reporting by Deborah Charles ; Editing by David Wiessler )
MORE and more people are speculating on their retirement income , even though they may not know it .
According to Watson Wyatt , an actuarial consultancy , the amount of money that is saved in defined - contribution ( or money - purchase ) schemes worldwide will overtake the amount of money in defined - benefit ( or final - salary ) schemes by 2014 — see chart 1 .
For a lot of people , this is going to be a problem .
In a defined - contribution ( DC ) scheme , the eventual pension depends on the investment performance of the fund that the employee has paid into — and he takes the risk of poor investment performance .
By contrast , defined - benefit ( DB ) schemes promise employees a retirement income based on their pay and length of service .
The employer takes the risk .
But an even bigger problem is that the level of contributions from both employers and employees into DC schemes is lower than it is into DB schemes .
Whatever the arguments about the merits of the new wave of schemes , if you put less money in , you will get less money out .
To make the shortfall worse , the costs of running DC schemes are , on average , higher .
And finally , DC pensions call for a degree of decision - making that their members are often ill - equipped to undertake .
As a recent paper * published by Britain 's Pensions Institute points out : for “ financial products extending over long periods of time , many consumers are clearly not well - informed or well - educated .
The retirement - savings decision needs accurate forecasts of lifetime earnings , asset returns , interest rates , tax rates , inflation and longevity ; yet very few people have the skills to produce such forecasts . ”
The result may be that many employees face retirement with an income well short of their expectations .
An employee who pays into a DC scheme for 40 years may get only half the retirement income he could have expected under a final - salary system .
When pension experts were polled by Watson Wyatt their biggest concern was that DC schemes will yield inadequate pensions for DC members .
As the Pensions Institute paper says : “ When the plan member eventually discovers how low his pension really is , it is by then too late to do anything about it . ”
If pension incomes are too small , employers will face the problem that their older , and usually more expensive , workers are unwilling or unable to retire ; firing them may not be an option in places such as Britain , that have laws against age discrimination .
Even when employees do retire with a decent pot of money , many countries , including America , Germany and Australia , do not require the pensioner to convert those savings into an annuity .
That creates the risk that the pensioner will outlive his savings , prompting him to fall back on the mercy of the state .
Indeed , the evidence suggests that employees are not good at estimating how long they are likely to live .
Whatever the flaws of DC schemes , the world — or at least the private sector — is not about to return to DB plans .
Companies introduced DB plans after the second world war as a benefit for employees — sometimes as a way of heading off demands for higher wages .
Initially , the costs of this promise were manageable , largely because companies could decide whether to raise the pension of someone in retirement .
Steadily , however , the promise of a DB pension became more expensive .
For example , British schemes were forced to protect employees against the ravages of inflation .
Longer lives also added to the burden .
The bull market of 1982 - 2000 disguised this , as investment returns outpaced the rise in pension liabilities for a long while .
But the cost eventually came to seem intolerable , because of a combination of the bear market of 2000 - 03 , falling interest rates , and a change to accounting standards , which asked firms to report the annual change in their pensions burden .
DC schemes have been around for 30 years or so , and were at first widely used by the self - employed and small businesses .
Such schemes promise nothing .
Although employers usually contribute to them , they do not have to top up the fund if its returns are disappointing .
DB or not DB
Enthusiasts for DC pensions argued that the investment risk was at least partly offset , since a DC member avoided the “ credit risk ” — that the company would go bust before fully funding its pension plan .
However , in Britain and America credit risk is less of a factor these days , since insurance schemes now protect employees from the bankruptcy of the sponsoring company .
And changes to DB rules have reduced the penalties on early leavers ( albeit at the price of making the schemes more costly to run , and thus more likely to be closed ) .
Nevertheless , there is a strong argument that companies should not be offering DB schemes .
Since the schemes require companies to take bets on the financial markets , it turns firms into quasi - hedge funds and distracts them from their core business .
The DC approach allows businesses to stick to their knitting .
In addition , DC pensions arguably suit a modern economy better .
Final - salary pensions tended to penalise early leavers and reward “ time servers ” who spend all their careers at a single firm .
Instead , workers should be encouraged to be mobile , taking their pension rights with them every time they move .
A study by Richard Hinz of America 's Department of Labour found that , because of employment patterns , DB plans were actually more risky for employees than DC ones are .
But the Hinz study had one crucial assumption ; that contributions to the two types of schemes are at the same level .
They are not .
Employers have taken advantage of the switch from DB to DC to cut the level of their payments drastically .
That is hardly surprising : the cost of meeting the DB promise was what prompted employers to switch to DC schemes in the first place .
Figures from Britain show that the average level of employers ' payments into DB schemes , as of October 2007 , was 14.2 % of payrolls ; in DC schemes , by contrast , the average was just 5.8 % .
Employees are not making up the difference .
They are pumping just 3 % of their salaries into British DC schemes , taking the total to 8.8 % , against the equivalent for DB schemes of 19.1 % .
In America total DC contributions at the last estimate were slightly higher than in Britain , but were still only 9.8 % .
Lower contributions almost inevitably mean lower pensions .
Watson Wyatt estimates that the median 25 - year - old contributing at the British DC rate would earn a pension of about 30 % of his final salary .
And that assumes an optimistic rate for annual costs of 0.3 % , whereas many DC schemes have expense ratios of more than 1 % .
In DB schemes , contributing for 40 years would entitle the employee to 66 % of final salary .
The loss to DC scheme members is partly offset by their own lower contributions — in other words , higher net pay — of around 2 % a year .
But DC members also have investment risk ; for about 5 % of them , the pension would be worth just 15 % of their final salary .
You could argue that the comparison between DB and DC contributions is unfair , because DB payments have recently been inflated by the need for firms to spend money cutting the deficits that had built up in their pension funds .
But the factors that caused those deficits — sluggish asset markets , lower bond yields and higher longevity — also face DC scheme members .
If DB contributions are rising to cover the greater cost of meeting DB liabilities , then DC contributions should rise too .
But workers facing a loss from the switch to DC schemes have failed to pay in more , perhaps because they do not appreciate what a good deal pensions are .
Andrew Warwick - Thompson , of Hewitt Associates , a benefits consultancy , says that focus groups of employees have shown that pensions rank a long way down the list of benefits they value .
Flexible working or the chance of extra holidays are deemed much more important .
Another reason for employees ' apathy may be the lack of spare cash , particularly if they are not paid much .
There is also deferred gratification to overcome ; until employees reach their 40s , retirement seems an awfully long way away .
Spending cash straight away looks a lot more fun ( see chart 2 ) .
This is a shame , in pension terms , because of the miracle of compound interest .
Invest $ 3,000 a year at age 55 ( earning an annual return of 7 % ) and by age 65 , you will have a pension fund of only $ 41,449 .
Start at age 45 and your fund will reach nearly $ 123,000 , almost three times as much .
But start at 25 and your pension fund will be worth almost $ 600,000 .
In addition , fewer employees seem willing to take part in DC schemes .
A survey by the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) in 2006 found that participation rates in the country were just 61 % , compared with 90 % for final - salary schemes .
Given that employers still contribute to the vast majority of schemes ( even if less generously than they did to DB schemes ) , workers are turning down free money .
At 6 % of pay , for instance , a British employer 's contributions would add up to £ 300,000 over 40 years ( assuming an average salary of £ 25,000 and an investment return of 7 % ) .
That is a decent - sized win on the lottery .
Slippers and cocoa
Is there a way around this shortfall ?
Take employees ' reluctance to join a scheme .
One answer is auto - enrolment .
Studies find that inertia is a powerful force ; employees would rather not fill in forms .
If they have to apply to join a pension scheme , they may not bother .
Auto - enrolment turns this inertia to the advantage of saving by asking employees to fill in a form if they want to opt out .
This is the basis of the Australian pension system and will be introduced in Britain in 2012 , as part of the new National Pensions Savings Scheme ( NPSS ) .
Britain 's National Association of Pension Funds reckons auto - enrolment boosts scheme membership by 20 - 50 % .
But not everyone admires the idea .
Ros Altmann , an academic , argues that in places , such as Britain , where state benefits are means - tested , low - paid employees may find extra retirement saving is offset by a fall in their benefits when they retire .
In addition , it is probably better for them to save in other ways rather than lock away their money in a pension that cannot be touched until their old age .
They may suffer illness or unemployment , in which case they may want to be able to get their hands on the money .
In theory , low - wage workers could be advised to opt out of the NPSS .
But the scheme is understandably trying to keep its costs low so as to reduce the drag on members ' returns .
Such an approach will not make it possible to offer employees individual advice .
And low - paid employees may not be the only people who feel that pensions are not for them .
When graduates leave university , they are often burdened with student debt .
Their priority is to pay it back .
After that , they will probably want to save a deposit so they can buy a house .
Either way , cash is a lot more useful to them than pension contributions are .
Rational or not , the lack of interest shown by employees hardly creates an incentive for employers to make pension schemes more attractive .
“ The HR director has to make a business case to the finance directors as to why they need a pension scheme , ” says Mr Warwick - Thompson , “ and the HR director has to show that the company is getting bang for its buck . ”
The paradox of choice
Consumer choice , seemingly one of the advantages of DC schemes , is really another weakness .
This emerged in its starkest form at Enron , an energy company where employees had chosen to invest more than half of their pensions ' assets in the company 's own shares .
A DB plan , taking professional advice , would never have been exposed like that .
Nor do employees appear to have learnt the lesson .
A survey of 65 big American DC schemes , by Pensions & Investments magazine earlier this year , found that 26 % of their assets were in the parent company 's shares .
Academic studies suggest that employees are heavily influenced by recent market conditions .
Figures show that American workers who began DC plans in 2000 , at the height of the bull market , allocated 72 % of their portfolio to the stockmarket ; those who joined in 2003 , after the long bear market , allocated just 48 % .
Once these decisions are made , inertia sets in ; less than 10 % of plan members in schemes run by Vanguard , a fund management group , change their asset allocation every year .
Studies also show that employees can be overwhelmed by the responsibility of making the investment selection .
Rather than choose between a lot of funds , they decide not to choose at all .
According to Barrie & Hibbert , a consultancy , the average take - up rate of schemes with just two investment options was 75 % ; for schemes with 40 options , the rate drops to 65 % .
Just as important , more choice also means higher costs , and higher costs mean lower returns .
Studies have shown that the average American DC scheme underperforms a DB scheme by around a percentage point a year .
Calculations by Ennis Knupp and Associates , a Chicago - based consultancy , suggest that this alone can cut DC pensions by almost a fifth .
Some of these costs are caused by the administrative hassle of dealing with individual scheme members , who may have different contribution rates and asset allocations , rather than with a single DB fund .
But it also reflects the ability of DC members to opt for higher - charging mutual funds .
According to Ennis Knupp , DC members are far less likely to use low - cost index - tracking funds than DB plans are ; that alone may result in higher costs of more than half a percentage point a year .
According to Watson Wyatt , the average cost of running a pension fund has increased by 50 % over the past five years .
One answer to the cost problem is to set up co-operative schemes that amalgamate the savings of workers in one industry , or even across industries .
This is the basis of the Australian system , seen as an exemplar by commentators such as Keith Ambachtsheer of the Rotman International Centre for Pension Management in Toronto ; TIAA - CREF , a pension fund for American academics , is also run on a co-op basis .
Company schemes can keep costs down by focusing on the default fund , the option that employees end up with ( since they have difficulty making their own choice ) .
Default funds can also be used to give employees a sensible asset allocation .
In both the British and American markets , default funds tend to use a “ lifestyle ” or “ target date ” approach .
This changes the asset allocation with the member 's age .
When members are young , they can take more risks , so there is a bigger exposure to equities ; as they near retirement , they are shifted into government bonds , to protect their pension pot .
Illustration by Robin Chevalier
But Watson
Wyatt argues that this approach is not sophisticated enough .
Shifting employees entirely into bonds at age 65 , when they may have 20 years to live , is not sensible .
People have different attitudes to risk and will have savings outside the pension fund ; their portfolios could be tailored to their needs .
Instead of a single default fund , there could be several , with investors having various mixes , depending on the employee 's situation .
Employees may be willing to take more risk at a young age , adding further contributions to the plan later if performance falls short of expectations .
These more sophisticated plans may use alternative asset classes like hedge funds and private equity to control risk — although whether the benefits such managers bring outweigh their higher fees remains to be seen .
Better by design
The structure of these default funds is all - important because of the way employees make decisions .
An academic study ** offered three groups of employees a choice of two funds .
One group was offered an equity and bond fund , a second group an equity and balanced fund , and the final group a bond fund and a balanced fund .
The most common option was a 50/50 split between the two funds — but that led to the second group having an equity weighting in their portfolio of 73 % and the third group a weighting of just 35 % .
The trouble is that neither employers nor employees really know what DC plans are aiming to do .
Over two - thirds of European plans surveyed by Mercer , a consultancy , had no formal objectives or goals .
In their Pensions Institute paper , David Blake , Andrew Cairns and Keith Dowd point out that DC plans are poorly designed .
Instead of asking how much employees want to get out of the plan , the focus is on how much they are willing to contribute .
“ A well - designed plan will look very much like a defined - benefit plan , offering a promised retirement pension , but without the guarantees implicit in the DB promise , ” they argue .
One way of achieving this would be for the default fund to target a pension level that is a proportion of final salary .
When it comes to pensions , the buck has been passed from employers to employees .
But too few workers realise how much they need to contribute to guarantee a decent retirement or feel confident enough about how to invest their funds .
This will not lead to the headlines about bankrupt pension funds that marked the decline of the DB scheme .
But it will be bad for many workers all the same .
* “ Turning Pension Plans into Pension Planes : What Investment Strategy Designers of Defined Contribution Plans Can Learn from Commercial Aircraft Designers ” , www.pensions-institute.org
** “ Naive Diversification in Defined Contribution Plans ” , by Shlomo Benartzi and Richard Thaler , 2001 , http://faculty.chicagogsb.edu/richard.thaler/research/
A koala has cheated death after being hit by a car travelling at 100 kilometres an hour and dragged for 12 kilometres with his head stuck through the car 's front grill .
The three - year - old male koala was hit by the car on Dayboro Road , north of Brisbane .
But the driver was not aware of the unlucky hitchhiker until she stopped 12 kilometres down the road at the Petrie train station .
Amazingly , the koala was not badly hurt despite being found dangling from the front of the car with its head and arm wedged through the vehicle 's grill .
Staff at the Australian Wildlife Hospital on the Sunshine Coast have dubbed the koala Ely ' Lucky ' Grills .
Manager Gail Gipp is still shaking her head in disbelief .
" He was very flat and unresponsive for a couple of hours , but a bit of TLC and some feed and some fluids and a bit of pain relief because obviously he would have had a headache , he was up and eating and doing really well , " she said .
As head of design at Braun , the German consumer electronics manufacturer , Dieter Rams ( 1932 - ) emerged as one of the most influential industrial designers of the late 20th century by defining an elegant , legible , yet rigorous visual language for its products .
Formative Years
Dieter Rams was born in Wiesbaden , Germany , in 1932 .
As a teenager he loved to watch his grandfather who worked as a carpenter .
During those formative years Rams absorbed his grandfather ’s ways of thinking about work and craft , which Rams credited as being extremely influential for his own development as a designer .
In 1947 , at sixteen years of age , Rams began a course in Interior Design at the newly reopened Handwerker Kunstgewerbe Schule , in Wiesbaden .
However , after only two semesters , he interrupted his studies for a three - year carpentry apprenticeship .
When he returned to the school in Wiesbaden he became interested in architecture , influenced by professors and lecturers such as Dr. Söder , Hugo Kϋckelhaus and Professor Haffenrichter .
Having graduated from the course with distinctions , in 1953 he joined Otto Apel ’s architects ’ office in Frankfurt .
Soon afterwards , in the summer of 1955 , Rams left the company for a position as architect and interior designer at Braun .
Braun
Founded in Frankfurt in 1921 by the engineer Max Braun , the company had soon gained a sound reputation for engineering and for developing new products , including electric shavers , kitchen utensils and the first combined radio and record player .
After Max ’s death in 1951 , his sons Artur and Erwin Braun took charge and repositioned Braun to benefit from the expansion of the post - war consumer electronics market .
It was a time of rapid technological change when manufacturers were harnessing the engineering advances made in the defence industry during World War II to develop new electronic products for consumers .
That was also a time of changing taste .
The first wirelesses , gramophones and television sets had been hidden inside wooden cabinets to resemble traditional furniture , but the new generation of post - war consumers had lost their parents ’ taboos about technology , which they saw as an exciting symbol of progress .
The Braun brothers continued with the production of radio and phone sets , shavers and kitchen utensils initiated by their father .
However , having realised that the styling of their products needed to become more sophisticated , in 1954 they asked the tutors of the recently founded Hochschule für Gestaltung ( Ulm School of Design ) to advise them on product design .
Hans Gugelot was put in charge of designing radio and phone sets ;
Olt Alcher designed trade fair exhibition stands and communications systems for Braun , and Fritz Eichler dedicated his efforts to making advertising spots .
Rams ’ Early Days at Braun
When he arrived at Braun , Rams applied his architectural skills to the design of exhibition sets and offices , but became increasingly interested in products .
Rams wrote his account of his early years at Braun in an open letter to Erwin Braun in 1979 .
In the letter , he details his introduction to design and his experience working among talented and engaging people at Braun .
Initially Rams worked on a number of different projects for the company , from being involved on a project for a new showroom pavilion for the medical department , to working on Erwin Braun ’s own house in Königstein .
During this time he got an in depth understanding of how the company operated , developing good relationship with the various teams at Braun .
In 1956 Rams finally took part in the development of a product from beginning to end .
He worked with the Ulm tutor Hans Gugelot and his team , plus his colleagues at Braun on the development of the SK4 radio and record player .
Abandoning the traditional wooden cabinet , they devised an unapologetically industrial metal case for the SK4 with two pale wooden sides .
The operating panel was positioned on the top next to the turntable , rather than hidden away at the side .
Originally the cover was to have been made of metal , but it vibrated too much in tests and was replaced , upon Rams suggestion , with transparent plastic which exposed the mechanics of the record player .
Critics who had nicknamed the SK4 ‘ Snow White ’s coffin ’ thought people would be repulsed by the sight of electrical apparatus , but instead consumers considered it chic .
Transparent lids became an industry standard and Rams became a name to watch .
Developing a Coherent Design Vision
Rams refined the design language he and Gugelot had adopted for the SK4 in the following year ’s Atelier 1 hi- fi system and L1 loud speakers .
Until then stereo systems had consisted of single units with integrated speakers , but Rams separated the speakers to make the receiver unit more compact .
Subsequent developments in stereophonic technology ensured that this too soon became a standard .
Determined to develop a coherent ‘ family ’ of products for Braun , Rams designed the Atelier 1 and L1 in the same proportions as the SK4 .
Consequently they could be used together with the L1 being added to the SK4 to amplify its sound .
He then placed the L2 speaker on a slender metal stand – another innovation which was swiftly copied by Braun ’s competitors .
Not only was Rams determined to ensure that Braun ’s products were easy to use , he wanted people to enjoy using them .
This meant that each audio product had to be perfectly attuned to the type of music which was popular at the time .
As musical taste changed throughout the 1960s , with the growing popularity of rock , pop , folk and then electronic music , Braun ’s engineers constantly strove to adapt .
When the LE1 electrostatic loudspeaker was launched in 1960 , on the eve of the pop revolution , musical taste was still fairly conventional and the engineers ’ objective was to produce a clear , transparent sound for jazz and classical music .
Rams covered the whole front of the speakers with super - light membranes as a visual allusion to the clarity of the LE1 ’s sound while presenting it as a proud symbol of engineering innovation .
An Influential New Design Director
In 1962 Rams was appointed director of Braun ’s team of young designers .
Having established its own design resource , the company became progressively less reliant on advice from the Ulm tutors .
Instead Rams divided the responsibility for the development of different products among the young designers in his team .
Gerd A. Müller was responsible for kitchen appliances , Roland Weigend for scales , model - making and product graphics , while Rams concentrated on radios , record players , torches and projectors .
Among the most important technical advances in consumer electronics during the 1960s was the development of new transistor technologies .
By replacing the large , hot radio tubes which , until then , were required to produce high quality sound , transistors enabled Braun to develop smaller audio products with large top surfaces on which Rams could arrange the buttons , dials and other operating elements in an ordered , easily legible composition as he did for the 1962 Audio 1 radio and record player .
For the first time Rams could design a complete set of modular components , including the L45 speaker and TG60 tape recorder .
All the units , except the record player , could be displayed horizontally and vertically or wall - mounted .
The Audio 1 series was designed specifically to be displayed on the 606 shelving system that Rams had developed for the furniture manufacturer Vitsœ + Zapf while working at Braun .
As a testament to the value of Rams ’s design , arguably one of Rams ’ most successful designs , Vitsoe has produced the 606 shelving system since 1959 .
Intended to be easily assembled while offering maximum flexibility from the minimum number of components , the 606 was designed by Rams as a series of interchangeable units , including shelves , cupboards and drawers , made from 3 mm sheets of anodised aluminium connected to an extruded aluminium E - track by 7 mm turned aluminium pins .
The original version of the 606 combined beech with off - white lacquered doors and drawers to replicate the glacial elegance of the SK4 and Audio 1/ 2 .
Through the years Rams has added to the initial system and over fifty different elements are now available to be integrated with that system .
Rams ’ design rubric
By 1963 , when he developed the TS45 control unit , TG60 tape recorder and L450 loudspeaker , Rams had perfected the codification of Braun design in terms of structure and colour .
Each unit was exactly the same size to give the user maximum flexibility in deciding how to combine and display them , either vertically or horizontally .
In terms of colour coding , the steel plate case of the audio units was in white or charcoal grey with an aluminium coverlid .
The operating elements were pale or dark grey except for the green on / off switch .
Adhering to these codes ensured that , at a time when technology was changing rapidly , consumers could be confident of learning how to use each new Braun product quickly and efficiently .
By the mid-1960s , Rams ’ design style was regarded as the apogee of modernity .
Rams has always relied heavily on sketching to bring to life his design ideas , preferring a line drawing approach that he developed during his school days .
Despite the advances of computer software and the widespread use of digital technologies by designers , Rams has resisted using these devices , favouring his sketching by hand method .
Rams also defined his design philosophy into ten distinct points :
Good design is innovative .
Good design makes a product useful .
Good design is aesthetic .
Good design helps to understand a product .
Good design is unobtrusive
Good design is honest .
Good design is durable .
Good design is consequent to the last detail .
Good design is concerned with environment .
Good design is as little design as possible .
These ten principles defined Dieter Rams ’ approach to “ good design ” .
Each of the hundreds of products he developed during forty years with Braun , was unerringly elegant and supremely versatile .
Units were made in modular sizes to be stacked vertically or horizontally .
Buttons , switches and dials were reduced to a minimum and arranged in an orderly manner .
Rams even devised a system of colour coding for Braun ’s products , which were made in white and grey .
The only splash of colour was the switches and dials .
Rams ’ objective was to design useful products which would be easy to operate .
Yet he achieved much more by dint of the formal elegance and technical virtuosity of his work .
Rams ’ designs always looked effortless with an exquisite simplicity borne from rigorous tests and experiments with new materials and an obsessive attention to detail to ensure that each piece appeared flawlessly coherent .
Yet the direction of Rams ’ work was still dictated by technology .
In 1965 he abandoned the glacial style that had proved so successful by replacing the pale base colour with black by coating each side of the units of the Studio 1000 hi- fi system , except the front , with anthracite - coloured structured lacquer .
Marking the development of high fidelity – or hi- fi – technology , the black bases made audio units look denser and more compact thereby illustrating their technical strength .
Rams was also able to seal the units with unobtrusive elongated and rounded aluminium strips , rather than screws .
He then enlarged the knobs and switches of the units to suit the darker palette .
Black dominated consumer electronics design for the next thirty years .
Rams and his team applied it to other products throughout the late 1960s and 1970s , including clocks , calculators and watches .
Rams enjoyed grappling with new challenges and relished the chance to work on different products , producing objects that reflected his design philosophy .
A particular favourite was the 1968 T2 Cylinder cigarette lighter inspired by the development of a new magnetic ignition technology .
As a smoker , Rams loved to design lighters as “ small sculptural objects ” which should be “ a pleasure to look at and to use . ”
His chief challenge with the T2 was identifying the precise place on the side of the cylinder at which the thumb could apply the greatest pressure to the magnetic ignition pad .
In 1981 he became professor of industrial design at the Hochschule fϋr bildende Kϋnste , in Hamburg .
Juggling between his design obligations at Braun and his teaching duties at the Art College he offered terms of up to five months for students to work with him in the Braun ’s product design department .
Forty Years at Braun
Dieter Rams remained design director of Braun until 1995 when he was succeeded by Peter Schneider .
Between 1995 and 1997 he became the Executive Director of corporate identity affairs at Braun .
In 1997 he left the company and retired emeritus from his position at Hochschule fϋr bildende Kϋnste .
During his forty years at Braun , along with numerous colleagues and a core design team , he developed products to be manufactured at vast scale and used daily by millions of people .
The product range Braun offers today spans from personal grooming devices to household utensils , from watches to products for dental care .
The entertainment electronics and film / photo product , which were once extremely successful items , have been abandoned making the surviving designs prised collectable objects .
Sought - after by fashionable consumers , Braun ’s products were even celebrated in the work of the British pop artist Richard Hamilton , who played with the company ’s logotype by replicating it in ‘ Brown ’ and ‘ Hamilton ’ .
Remarkably , through the years , Rams remained as provocative and questioning a product design leader as ever , in his quest for “ good design ” .
’ I think that good designers must always be avant - gardists , always one step ahead of the times , ’ he said in a speech to the Braun supervisory board in 1980 .
‘ They should – and must – question everything generally thought to be obvious .
They must have an intuition for people ’s changing attitudes .
For the reality in which they live , for their dreams , their desires , their worries , their needs , their living habits .
They must also be able to assess realistically the opportunities and bounds of technology . ’
Rams ’ Legacy
Dieter Rams remains an enduring inspiration for younger designers , notably Jonathan Ive and Jasper Morrison , who have acknowledged his influence in their work at Apple and Rowenta respectively .
Rams ’ work has been celebrated and analysed in numerous exhibitions , including the Design Museum ’s 2009 show ‘ Less and More – The design ethos of Dieter Rams ’ , a display which was originally developed by the Suntory Museum in Oasaka with the Fuchu Art Museum in Japan .
To date Rams continues to be an influential figure also through his writings and time - tested designs .
Spore is the wildly anticipated new game from Will Wright , and Creature Creator is the first part of it to be released for us to try .
It allows you to build creatures , Mr-Potato - Head - style , which will eventually be usable in the full game :
It ’s fun to put arms and legs and body parts together to make creatures , but the more impressive part of the technology is that once you make your creature , it ’s fully animated already , with a repertoire of moves like walking , sitting , dancing and greeting .
This is no small feat considering you are n’t constrained to building a humanoid creature .
For example , my tricyclotops has three legs , and that front centered leg participates in the animations in a way that seems very natural , considering I ’ve never seen a creature with legs in that formation .
The developers behind this animation have written up the technology : Real - time Motion Retargeting to Highly Varied User - Created Morphologies .
One of the authors , John DeWeese , has a handful of riotously varied creatures on his Spore page .
If you look at the sidebar on the Spore creature pages , you ’ll see instructions that you can save those PNG files , and drag them into Creator , and you ’ll have the creature .
That interested me : one of the things I did with Aptus was to save the coordinate info for a picture as a tEXt record in the PNG file .
Aptus can open a PNG file it saved , and instead of dealing with pixel data , can read the coordinates and recreate the Mandelbrot view directly , allowing you to continue exploring from there .
Looking at the PNGs on the Spore page though , they have not done this .
There is no data other than the image .
But dragging the PNG into Creator does indeed give you the creature as structured data .
Renaming the PNG does n’t affect the data transfer , but any sort of editing of the image does .
They ’re using steganography , hiding one message inside another .
In this case , they seem to be using the least significant bits in all the pixels .
Some quick Python shows details .
Using PIL , we can examine the numeric values of the pixels :
# Open an image , and show the RGBA data for the first ten pixels .
import Image , sys
im = Image .
open ( sys . argv [ 1 ] )
for pix in list ( im . getdata ( ) ) [ : 10 ] :
print pix
produces :
( 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 )
( 0 , 1 , 1 , 1 )
( 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 )
( 1 , 1 , 0 , 0 )
( 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 )
( 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 )
( 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 )
( 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 )
( 1 , 1 , 1 , 0 )
( 0 , 1 , 1 , 0 )
( 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 )
( 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 )
( 0 , 0 , 0 , 1 )
( 0 , 1 , 1 , 1 )
( 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 )
( 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 )
( 0 , 1 , 1 , 1 )
( 1 , 0 , 1 , 1 )
( 0 , 1 , 0 , 0 )
( 1 , 1 , 0 , 1 )
These pixels are part of the black transparent edge of the image , except it is n’t truly black and it is n’t truly transparent .
There ’s one bit of information being encoded in each channel , or four bits per pixel .
We can go further and yank out the full 8 - bit data :
# Open an image file , read the low bits as 8 - bit data ,
# and write it out to a .out file next to the image .
import Image , sys
def stegdata ( imfile ) :
" " " Read the low bits of pixels as 8 - bit data . " " "
im = Image . open ( imfile )
bytes = " "
hi = 0
for ipix , ( r , g , b , a ) in enumerate ( im . getdata ( ) ) :
nyb = ( r % 2 ) * 8 + ( g % 2 ) * 4 + ( b % 2 ) * 2 + ( a % 2 )
if ipix % 2 :
bytes += chr ( hi + nyb )
hi = 0
else :
hi = nyb * 16
return bytes
fname = sys . argv [ 1 ]
data = stegdata ( fname )
open ( fname + '. out ' , ' w ' ) . write ( data )
I had to guess here how to put the bits back together into a byte .
The results are full - spectrum 8 - bit data , but I do n’t know how to interpret it :
000000 : 57 2c 82 d2 e6 ba 17 5 b 7 b 4d 20 32 76 eb f4 8 b W , .....[ {M 2 v ...
000010 : 4a b7 54 8 b b6 9 c a7 ba d5 6a 5 f a4 54 15 f1 1f J.T...... j_.T...
000020 : c6 90 df 98 54 72 6d 62 58 71 69 f6 63 fe 7e 23 .... TrmbXqi.c.~#
000030 : 49 97 de 81 d7 08 ec 5a 1a 63 57 e6 8e 27 16 03 I ...... Z.cW..'..
000040 : 80 5c 56 a1 34 6 b d8 fb 49 46 f9 d6 7 b 32 ce 6 b .\V.4k ..IF ..{ 2.k
000050 : a3 2c 35 4e f7 e7 52 1a 62 1f ce 8e 47 5f e7 ba .,5N..R.b...G_..
000060 : 14 ea 74 58 39 ac eb 53 ee c1 c8 3 b cc 38 11 d6 ..tX9 ..S...;.8..
000070 : fd 3f dd 41 ff 35 03 a 3 67 c4 a6 43 1c 82 24 41 .?. A.5..g..C..$ A
000080 : b7 1d ce 66 5a 32 b3 f0 34 6 b f3 0f 73 f9 ee f6 ... fZ2..4 k..s...
000090 : 05 41 56 7 b 27 19 40 25 bc e7 b1 02 c9 43 e7 7d .AV {'.@ %..... C.}
0000a0 : fd b4 11 82 52 1f c8 d0 3c ad 92 ee 1e 57 6d e7 ....R...<.... Wm .
0000b0 : ad fd 72 53 b3 fd 1a 9 b 10 52 57 01 86 11 42 7c ..rS.....RW...B|
0000c0 : a2 74 ed f6 1 b 28 33 cf 7a 19 79 fa b0 6 c 04 a 7 .t...( 3.z.y..l..
0000d0 : 89 36 c5 08 d8 ee e8 de 5a a3 b8 48 3d 94 62 0d .6 ...... Z..H=.b.
0000e0 : 0a 38 4c 21 5d 15 b8 54 e1 ea d7 0 b 12 bf 8a a0 .8L ! ].. T........
0000f0 : a3 e0 96 1a a8 79 c3 44 62 9e de 02 ea a0 31 8d .....y.Db.....1 .
000100 : 96 12 e0 7c ad e0 a5 9 f fe 89 54 a6 54 f2 9d 6 c ...|...... T.T..l
000110 : 42 c1 f0 14 8d 15 49 a5 d3 80 2c b1 26 ca af 80 B..... I...,.&...
000120 : a8 cf a8 a4 77 02 60 ea c0 d8 4d 2c d9 18 1e 67 ....w.`...M , ...g
000130 : 8f 9a 29 67 30 92 b5 62 da 1d c1 30 21 f8 eb 21 ..) g0..b...0 !..!
000140 : fe d8 c2 a6 64 cf 52 dc 58 d1 0 c ef d0 60 fb 9 b ....d. R.X....`..
000150 : 02 7a e9 d1 d6 a7 3 c 01 79 7b da a7 9 b 0 b ef 3 f .z....<.y{.....?
000160 : 80 a3 d1 87 d2 81 50 d1 a2 59 c0 65 c3 8 b c5 7 b ...... P..Y.e...{
000170 : 8 c e5 56 50 bf c2 6e 50 82 26 23 9a 76 2 b e7 3 b ..VP ..nP.&#.v+.;
000180 : 4f 5a ec f3 87 aa 27 fe 33 74 40 48 ba db 4f 25 OZ ....'. 3t@H..O%
... ...
Nothing jumps out at me here .
As an exercise in code - breaking , this one is probably possible , since we have a way to generate as many cases as we need .
I looked at other images , and there was no clear pattern .
It ’s interesting that Spore chose steganography here , since it ’s usually described as a way to hide a message so that its very existence is a secret .
But there ’s no sensitive data here , and they tipped us off to its presence with their instructions .
Perhaps they wanted to save space by using those unneeded low bits ?
Perhaps they did n’t have the tools for manipulating tEXt records ?
In any case , Spore is already a fertile breeding ground , both for wild new life forms , and geek interest in its technology .
COMMENTARY :
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki threw Sen. John McCain a political curve ball recently when he demanded that the United States accept a timetable for the withdrawal of our troops as a condition for a new security agreement with Washington to replace the United Nations mandate for the presence of U.S. forces that expires on Dec. 31 .
Mr. Maliki ’s announcement has radically undermined Mr. McCain ’s attacks against Sen. Barack Obama ’s advocating a withdrawal timetable - “ fine tuned ” or not - and , worse , Mr. McCain flubbed a great opportunity to use Mr. Maliki ’s call for a “ timetable ” to his advantage .
On July 7 , during an official visit to the United Arab Emirates , Mr. Maliki stated “ The current trend is to reach an agreement on a memorandum of understanding either for the departure of the forces or … to put a timetable on their withdrawal . ”
This position was further hardened the next day when Iraqi National Security Adviser Mouwaffak al - Rubaie said , “ We will not accept any memorandum of understanding that does n’t have specific dates to withdraw foreign forces from Iraq . ”
In an interview on NBC ’s “ Today ” show , Mr. McCain response to this announcement was to lamely state “ We will be able to withdraw .
Gen . [ David ]
Petraeus is going to tell us in July when he thinks we are . ”
In other words , Mr. McCain is saying “ who cares what the Iraqis think , our generals know better and they , not the Iraqi ’s elected representatives , will make the decision about when and how many U.S. troops will come home . ”
What Mr. McCain should have said - and can still convincingly argue - is that “ thanks to the success of troop surge strategy , we have succeeded in creating conditions in Iraq that now make Maliki ’s demand for withdrawal time line possible . ”
Mr. McCain needs to get his foreign policy rhetoric and goals in sync with the aspirations of American voters .
Notwithstanding the troop surge ’s success , nearly two - thirds of the American people still believe either the war was a mistake or its occupation was enormously inept .
What voters want is an exit strategy - and the sooner , the better .
Instead of insulting the democratic choice and sovereignty of the Iraqi people , Mr. McCain should seize upon Mr. Maliki ’s statement to exploit the success of the surge as rationale to begin a drawdown of U.S. troops in Iraq .
Mr. McCain can convincingly argue that he was the originator of the surge policy and point to all the indices of its success : less violence and increased reconciliation between Sunnis and Shias , dramatically lower casualties for both U.S. troops and Iraqi civilians , the strengthening of Iraqi security forces and their enhanced control of the country , a stronger and more stable democratic government , etc .
Based upon these achievements , Mr. McCain should now claim he is committed to working with Prime Minister Maliki in establishing a time line for the earliest possible withdrawal of U.S. combat brigades .
By taking this track , Mr. McCain can reassure the American people there is indeed “ light at the end of the tunnel ” and that he plans to build on the continued success of the surge to justify this drawdown .
Mr. McCain also needs to realize that , absent a withdrawal strategy , the surge ’s success has very limited , political value .
People are not inclined to “ reward ” Mr. McCain for a surge strategy that finally , after numerous and costly occupation mistakes , is remedying a debacle they concluded was gigantic error from Day One .
Until Mr , McCain can connect the dots for voters , i.e. , , war - weary voters are going to pull the lever for Mr. Obama .
Especially given voter ’s fears and concerns over the economy , the last thing they want to hear about is how the United States is going to commit itself to an ongoing and costly drain of resources in the Middle East .
Finally , if the Iraqi prime minister and the overwhelming majority of his compatriots want a timetable for the withdrawal of U.S. troops - two recent polls show roughly 70 percent of Iraqis want U.S. forces to leave - is it not about time we respected their democratic wishes ?
If not , then why did we sacrifice so much blood and treasure to provide them that freedom of choice ?
No doubt these questions will be on many voter ’s minds come November .
Mr. McCain better have some answers .
Gary L. Jarmin is a Republican strategist and president of a government affairs consulting firm in Alexandria , Va .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
As the storm of E3 approaches , so does our next big update for Warhawk and with it comes 2 entirely new gameplay modes for every map , including the Booster Packs – and these new gameplay modes are completely FREE !
Before I get into the meaty list of updates , let me start off by saying that Warhawk v1.4 will have its global simultaneous release very , very soon … how soon you ask ?
In just about 48 hours — July 16th at 10:00 GMT ( that ’s 3 am Pacific )
When we started designing the new modes , we looked at play styles could freshen up the Warhawk play experience .
After all , Warhawk is now almost a year old :-)
And after a few months of development and play testing , we ’re ready to rollout 2 new gameplay modes that the team and I are incredibly happy with : Hero and Collection .
New Gameplay Mode “ Hero ”
This is a team - based game mode in which one member of each team is randomly selected to be their team ’s Epic Hero .
Players score points for their team by killing the enemy
Hero or by killing enemies while they ’re the Hero .
The team that reaches the score limit first ( or has the most points when time runs out ) wins the game .
Really what it all boils down to is a huge battle between 2 armies that are being lead by 2 Epic Heroes !
While you ’re the Hero , you get some pretty incredible buffs … the mode ’s called Hero after all so you ’ve gotta be tough !
You get crazy high damage resistance which is like having 500 % health .
All of your weapons do twice the damage .
And the armor - piercing values for your weapons are increased so that some weapons that normally can’t hurt vehicles like Tanks and Turrets , now can !
Now you are n’t the Hero for the entire game .
Once you are selected as the Hero , you have a limited amount of time to go on your berserker - blitz - rampage - of - carnage - awesomeness .
See the shots above for the Hero meter in the upper left - hand corner .
Also note the crazy visuals that are rendered when you ’re the Hero .
You glow your team color , you emit light the same color as your team , you growl a scary sound that strikes fear in you ’re your foes , and of course , energy sparks … must …. have…energy sparks !!!
Scoring is simple :
If a Hero kills a player , he scores 1 point for his team .
If a normal player , or more commonly , a group of players , kills the Hero , 1 point is granted for the team .
If a Hero kills the other enemy Hero , then 2 points are scored for the team .
Oh … but here ’s the downside for the Hero…everyone is gunning for you !
If you die , then a new Hero on you team is given the chance for Epic Hero Greatness !!!
Did I mention that Heroes are always displayed on the mini-map !?!?… and with a star no less !
Simply stated … this mode is wicked intense !
New Gameplay Mode “ Collection ”
This new gameplay mode is like multi-flag CTF .
There are 4 energy cores scattered around the map , generally positioned in the center or between the 2 team ’s main bases .
Each team has a Reactor where Energy Cores are taken to score points .
In the screen shot above you can see 2 Energy Cores positioned on a Eucadian bridge .
Bringing these Cores back to your team ’s reactor will score points for your team … and you can carry more than 1 Core at a time .
The scoring system is progressive , so if you score just 1 Core , your team gets just 1 point .
2
Cores will score 3 points .
3
Cores are good for 6 points … and if you manage to work as a team and bring all 4 Cores back to the Reactor at once , then your team scores a whopping 10 points !
As you can see in the screenshot below , the Cores are displayed on your character and the more you are carrying , the more you see whirling and orbiting around you .
You ’ll also see them on the mini-map as pulsing energy symbols .
The score is displayed in the upper right corner as usual , but there is a new display there for Collection mode .
It ’s the little yellow number that shows you how many Cores your team currently is currently carrying .
This ends up being critical for knowing where your focus should be ; Offense or Defense .
Collection mode is fun as &#@ %!
and really helps promote teamwork and yield some truly fantastic risk - vs - reward moments !… and you can press the TRIANGLE button to throw the Cores you are carrying !
Passing Cores among your team is “ super- effective ” :-)
So that ’s a quick run down of the new modes and we can’t wait to have our player around the world start playing 2 completely new ways to enjoy the fast - paced world of Warhawk !
Hmmm …what should I cover next ?
Quick - Join :
While we were glad to provide players with very specific control of which games they join or host via our global server list , we wanted to provide an easier way for new and veteran players to get into their favorite games more quickly and easily …. thus the new ‘ Quick - Join ’ feature .
Basically what this new feature does , and I imagine many of you have already figured it out , is automatically scan the server - list behind the scenes , pick a good game for you based on your connection , latency , current filter settings , etc .
This all happens in just a few seconds .
This way , if you like playing CTF games * only * in base retail levels with no booster packs , you can set your filters and all you ever have to do from there on out is click ‘ Quick - Join ’ .
The ‘ Quick - Join ’ button honors * all * of your filters so you can really customize Warhawk ’s automatic server selection .
If you are brand new to the PSN or to Warhawk you ’ll have to play at least one ranked game the traditional server - list way , so that the servers can collect some stats before ‘ Quick Join ’ will work well for you .
After that , you ’ll be ready for hot , 1 - click , automated server selection action !
For those players you have already played Warhawk and the servers already have your stats , you ’ll be good to go as soon as the patch is released .
Mini-Map Update :
For game modes like CTF , and the newly added Collection mode , we really need to clarify where you need to take the flag or core – we had received complaints that players could get confused as to where they needed to go .
Warhawk now draws a much more prominent ring at the location where you need to return the flag or core .
Additionally , the mini-map renders an animated green line that connects your ‘ blip ’ to the return location .
Rank & Award Updates :
Now we know this is a sensitive subject as it relates to how easy , or in our case , how hard it is to rank up , unlock some of the badges and be awarded any of the elite medals .
With that said , we have made some changes to make ranking up a bit easier .
Here ’s a list of what we changed for the Medals and Badges :
“ Capture the Flag ” Medal previously required 500 total captures , now it requires 250 .
“ Capture the Flag ” Medal previously required 5 captures IAR ( In A Round ) and now requires 2 .
“ Capture the Flag ” Medal still requires 500 flag saves .
“ Distinguished Air Combat ” Medal previously required 10 K total air - to - air kills and now requires 5 K kills .
“ Distinguished Air Combat ” Medal previously required 20 minutes IAR of flight time and now it requires 10 minutes .
“ Master Teamwork ” Badge previously required 75 team points IAR and now requires 60 points .
“ Master Teamwork ” Badge still requires 2 K total team points
“ Warhawk Teamwork ” Badge still requires 2 K total team points
“ Warhawk Teamwork ” Badge previously required 150 team points IAR and now requires 100 points .
We have also loosened the requirements , specifically point requirements , for some of the officer ranks .
The changes to the point requirements for rank advancement are :
“ Major ” previously was 150 K now its 110 K points .
“ Air Marshal ” previously required 170 K now its 130 K points
“ Command Marshal ” previously required 190 K now its 155 K points .
“ Lt. Colonel ” previously required 210 K now its 180 K points .
“ Colonel ” previously required 230 K now its 210 K points .
“ Brigadier General ” previously required 250 K now its 240 K points .
Now we realize that there are many players who have logged several hundreds of gameplay hours – the team and I greatly appreciate your dedication to our game and it ’s the dedication of our loyal fan base that helped make the development of these free game modes an easy decision !
TOW Missile :
The respawn rate modifier based on player count has been modified to take a longer period of time so that TOW missiles do not respawn as quickly in large player - count games .
Minimum Rank Server Option :
Warhawk official and player - hosted servers now support a MINIMUM rank along with the previously existing MAX rank .
Respawn Selection Hint :
I know it may sound odd to some of you avid Warhawk players but we actually noticed that there were a number of new players that did n’t realize that you could select a different spawn point when you died .
This is primarily for new Warhawk players and this respawn hint is disabled if you have “ Hints Display ” turned OFF in your options .
Updates for Home Game Launching :
Now players that are launching / connecting to Warhawk games from Home can designate which team they will be assigned to before the server is started .
Warhawk ’s Support of Home Game Launching now also supports the new Hero and Collection gameplay modes .
Afterburner Flight to Hover Transition :
Previously , if you were flying the Warhawk ( or Nemesis ) with the afterburners engaged , you were disallowed from transitioning into hover mode .
While this may have been a bit more realistic , Warhawk is more about fun than realism and not being able to transition into hover when you want to need to is frustrating !
So now , you can switch to hover mode even if your afterburner is engaged .
Team Deathmatch Scoring :
The scoring system for Team Deathmatch previously counted base captures towards the team kill count / score .
This is no longer the case and now * only * counts kills … as you would expect Team Deathmatch to do :-)
New “ Winning Team ” Ribbon :
In an attempt to further promote teamwork , Warhawk now awards a new ribbon to every member of the winning team .
With this “ Winning Team ” ribbon , each player also is awarded an additional 50 bonus points .
Kick - Idle Player Server Option :
Warhawk now allows players to set an option on their own servers ( player or dedicated ) that will auto - kick idle players .
Warhawk also now detects players purposely not respawning via the respawn exploit and will consider them idle as well .
So that ’s a pretty good summary of the Warhawk v1.4
Update that ’s going to be released world - wide on July 16th at 3 am Pacific time ( 10:00 GMT ) .
We really hope you like all the new updates ‘ cause I sure know we had a great time making them for all of you !!!
And FREE content is always a good thing !!!
Oh yeah … let me take a minute to clarify some stuff about our upcoming Warhawk v1.5 Update and our new Trophy support .
So , while I have just finished writing what is probably * way * too long of a blog post regarding the v1.4 Update … I need to talk about the v1.5 Update , specifically the Trophies .
Here ’s a quick breakdown of the 56 Warhawk Trophies :
There are 10 trophies based on current stats , ranks and awards and these 10 * ARE * retroactive .
This is largely due to the fact that we have this data stored on our global Warhawk Server Cluster .
There are 34 other Trophies that are entirely new ‘ goals ’ and should provide players with plenty of new challenges .
And yes , Operation : Omega Dawn , Operation : Broken Mirror , and possibly a new something have new Trophies as well .
Each booster pack has an additional 4 unique Trophies .
To earn the Warhawk Platinum Trophy , all you have to do is unlock the base game ’s 44 Trophies … you do * NOT * have to buy any DLC to unlock the Platinum Warhawk Trophy .
Forcing players to buy our DLC would be super - craptastic and completely unacceptable .
… .hmmm , that ’s about it for now .
The Warhawk v1.4
Update is right around the corner !!
As always , Rock on !
- dylan
— ohh , you crafty , crafty colored text —
Customer : “ My son is locked out of the house and I need to send him the key ! ”
Me : “ We can overnight the key and have it to him by 10:30 am tomorrow morning .
Shall we send the key to the neighbor ’s house ? ”
Customer : “ No , he needs it right now !
Why ca n’t I just fax it ? ”
Me : “ Ma’am , you ca n’t fax a key . ”
Customer : “ Why not ?
He ’s locked out and needs the key ! ”
Me : “ Because a key is a three - dimensional object , not a document . ”
( Customer stares at me . )
Me : “ Ma’am , is your fax machine in your house ? ”
Customer : “ Yes ! ”
Me : “ How will your son get into the house to get the key from the fax machine if he is locked out ? ”
Customer : “ D*** it !
You ’re right !
Well , thanks for your time ! ”
Me : “ I do what I can . ”
posted by on June 12 at 11:43 AM
Since Fox News has decreed that it ’s OK to refer to Michelle Obama as the Democratic nominee ’s “ baby mama ” — after all , Michelle Malkin writes , Mrs. Obama called Barack her “ baby daddy ” on the stump — I assume we can expect to see them use this headline in the near future ?
After all , that ’s what John McCain called his wife Cindy during his ‘ 92 Senate campaign .
Fair ’s fair , right ?
Ah , childhood .
It 's a magical time when you 're still allowed to be a non-productive drain on society and not feel guilty about it .
But while most of us spent our childhoods staring at cartoons over bowls of sugary breakfast cereal , some kids were more focused on things like composing symphonies , performing surgery or getting nominated for the Nobel Prize .
Here are some child prodigies who , to put it mildly , make us look like worthless turds .
Advertisement
8 Akrit Jaswal , Child Surgeon Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This kid , India 's youngest ever university student and physician , makes Doogie Howser look like an unmotivated slob .
" Oh that 's cute , " you say .
" They 're letting him play doctor . "
Play nothing , this kid was performing operations when he was seven .
He also has quite the pint - sized ego on him .
" People saw my potential and wanted to help me excel in life , " Akrit has said .
" I think they 're of above average intelligence , but not as clever as me . "
Does n't it just make you want to smack the little scamp ?
Although if Akrit 's current work on a cure for cancer turns out to be successful he can spend all day shouting about how smart he is into a golden megaphone for all we care .
That said , Akrit has also claimed he 's going to make a dinosaur , so we 'll believe he has the cure for cancer when he rides down the street with it on a stegosaurus .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What we were doing at that age :
Through painstaking research held during recess we were discovering the difference between boys and girls ( beside the other side 's debilitating cootie levels of course ) .
Also we knew that the Ninja Turtle Band - Aids totally made our scraped knees heal faster .
7 Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Some of you may have heard of this guy .
Mozart is not only one of the greatest composers of all time , but probably history 's most recognized child prodigy .
There 's not an elementary school music room that does n't have a poster of Mozart up listing his early accomplishments in order to shame the kids into playing " Hot Cross Buns " on their recorders instead of using them as lightsabers or spitball cannons .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Mozart learned to play the piano at the age of four , composed his first pieces at five and at eight , an age when most us probably could n't even name half a dozen musical instruments if asked , Mozart wrote his first symphony .
Young Mozart was quite the little celebrity , but sadly the fate of child stars was about the same then as it is now as his tumultuous life would end up lasting a mere 35 years .
It 's proof the universe is fundamentally unfair that Mozart died so young while today we still have to put up with Danny Bonaduce .
That 'll teach us to invent a cure for syphilis .
What we were doing at that age :
We did n't have time to be composing symphonies since we were too busy constructing our own instruments .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
We called it a dandruffone
Karl Rove was sighted in the US again .
In fact on Fox News .
Time to explain to Congress yet again , if not to Linda Sanchez who knows the concept of inherent contempt and asked for it to be used , how to handle Rove .
From Wikipedia :
Under this process , the procedure for holding a person in contempt involves only the chamber concerned .
Following a contempt citation , the person cited is arrested by the Sergeant - at - Arms for the House or Senate , brought to the floor of the chamber , held to answer charges by the presiding officer , and then subjected to punishment as the chamber may dictate ( usually imprisonment for punishment reasons , imprisonment for coercive effect , or release from the contempt citation . )
Concerned with the time - consuming nature of a contempt proceeding and the inability to extend punishment further than the session of the Congress concerned ( under Supreme Court rulings ) , Congress created a statutory process in 1857 .
While Congress retains its “ inherent contempt ” authority and may exercise it at any time , this inherent contempt process was last used by the Senate in 1934 , in a Senate investigation of airlines and the U.S. Postmaster .
After a one - week trial on the Senate floor ( presided over by the Vice - President of the United States , acting as Senate President ) , William P. MacCracken , a lawyer and former Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Aeronautics who had allowed clients to rip up subpoenaed documents , was found guilty and sentenced to 10 days imprisonment . [ 5 ]
MacCracken filed a petition of Habeas Corpus in federal courts to overturn his arrest , but after litigation , the US Supreme Court ruled that Congress had acted constitutionally , and denied the petition in the case Jurney v. MacCracken . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Presidential pardons appear not to apply to a civil contempt procedure like the above , since it is not an “ offense against the United States ” or against “ the dignity of public authority . ” [ 8 ]
TORONTO , June 10 ( UPI ) --
There is a shortage of foreign exotic dancers in Canada and strip club owners in Ontario are shopping for a consultant to help on the immigration front .
The Adult Entertainment Association of Canada , which represents 53 strip clubs in Ontario , has been at loggerheads with the federal department of Citizenship and Immigration since 2004 , the Toronto Star said .
Advertisement
That year , under a Liberal government , 423 foreign strippers got work permits or extensions but since the Conservatives formed a minority government in 2006 , that number fell to 17 , the Star said .
A year ago , Canadian Immigration Minister Diane Finley unveiled changes to immigration law to " prevent situations where temporary workers in Canada , including strippers , may be abused , exploited or possibly become victims of human trafficking . "
Meanwhile , Tim Lambrinos , executive director of the association , told the newspaper consultants will be asked to explore such options as student visas , as foreign students are allowed to work for 20 hours a week in any job .
" We 're looking for an above - board alternative pathway , " he told the Star .
" The legal way is being ignored , so we need to get creative . "
With vital and often - distant water sources shrinking , Los Angeles officials today will revive a controversial proposal to recycle wastewater as part of a plan to curb usage and move the city toward greater water independence .
The aggressive , multiyear proposal could do much to catch the city up to other Southern California communities that have launched advanced recycling programs .
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ’s effort could cost up to $ 2 billion and affect a wide range of daily activities .
For example , residents would be urged to change their clothes washers , and new restrictions would be placed on how and when they could water lawns and clean cars .
Financial incentives and building code changes would be used to incorporate high - tech conservation equipment in homes and businesses .
Builders would be pushed to install waterless urinals , weather - sensitive sprinkler systems and porous parking lot paving that allows rain to percolate into groundwater supplies .
Advertisement
Just to meet a 15 % increase in demand by 2030 , officials say 32 billion gallons a year will have to be saved or recaptured -- enough to cover the San Fernando Valley with a foot of water .
Prohibitions during the 1990s drought -- banning residents from washing driveways and sidewalks , letting sprinklers flood into gutters and watering grass in midday -- would be enforced again , with additional restrictions .
One part of the proposal would limit lawn watering to certain days of the week .
“ This is a radical departure for the city of Los Angeles , ” said Department of Water and Power General Manager David Nahai .
“ I think overall this plan is going to be a beacon for other cities . ”
In fact , cities facing the same challenges , including Long Beach , have already moved to curtail residential and commercial water usage and punish waste .
Orange County and other Southern California agencies are also recycling treated sewage water back into the drinking supply .
Advertisement
Los Angeles ’ plan -- a copy of which was made available to The Times -- would invest in projects to capture and store rainfall and clean up a sprawling , contaminated water supply beneath the San Fernando Valley .
About $ 1 billion would be allocated for reclamation , including a politically sensitive plan to use treated wastewater to recharge underground drinking supplies serving the Valley , Los Feliz and the Eastside .
A similar system was approved and built in the 1990s , then abandoned after critics labeled it a “ toilet - to - tap ” scheme .
The city learned from its earlier “ aborted attempt ” at water recycling , Nahai said .
“ This is a new day , ” he said .
“ We have new technology .
We ’re going to reach out very aggressively to the public and engage them as to the facts . ”
Advertisement
One critic said voters should decide whether the water supply will be blended with treated wastewater .
“ It ’s grossly unfair for the mayor , the City Council or the DWP to decide consumers are going to be using this recycled water , ” said Gerald A. Silver , president of Homeowners of Encino .
But Millie Hamilton , an Encino Neighborhood Council member and docent at the city ’s Tillman Water Reclamation Plant , said recycling is safe , needed and nothing new .
“ There is no new water on this planet , ” said Hamilton , who was referred to The Times by the mayor ’s office .
“ We are drinking the same water the dinosaurs drank .
All our water has been and is being recycled . ”
The ambitious water plan carries political risks for the mayor but also could burnish his record as an environmental leader in a bid for higher office .
A number of key details remain to be worked out and vetted by the City Council , including the cost of various elements and how they would be financed .
On the heels of a recent DWP water rate hike , Nahai said no additional increases are anticipated .
Most parts of the program can be funded from state water grants , the DWP ’s existing budget and going after polluters who have fouled city groundwater in the past .
But future fee increases may be needed , he acknowledged .
Advertisement
David Coffin , a Westchester Neighborhood Council member who tracks water issues , said the plan misses a larger point : controlling growth .
“ I do n’t think they ’re going to make any headway .
They ’re adding 14,000 to 16,000 housing units a year in the face of water shortages .
How are they going to supply all those people ? ”
Administration officials say the point is to act now so the city can meet increased demand through a combination of conservation and recycling .
They note that Los Angeles is an arid metropolis that has grown , in effect , by dipping long straws in far - flung water supplies .
But recent court rulings , environmental agreements and competition from other urban centers are cutting flows or sharply increasing costs of water from the Owens Valley , the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta and the Colorado River .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a very sober , prudent and farsighted view , ” Nahai said of the plan .
The administration plan looks beyond “ the next couple of years or the next electoral horizon , ” he said .
“ We need to start now if we ’re going to provide for water [ use ] over the next two to three decades . ”
--
rich.connell@latimes.com
Report : Leaked PS3 Trophy Images Hint at Tiered Achievement System , Gamer Card Integration
Sent by a tipster referring to him or herself as " The Patriots , " the image showing the PS3's Trophy page ( pictured left ) indicates that the awards are divvied up into four classes — bronze , silver , gold , and platinum — possibly corresponding to scaling levels of difficulty for a given accomplishment .
Meanwhile , the second image — sent by another tipster who claims to be a software developer — appears to display a corresponding page which details general user profile information , such as a PlayStation Network username and trophy count .
According to the second tipster , each trophy will be worth a different number of points , with lower levels such as bronze trophies requiring a certain number of cleared achievements before moving onto higher levels .
The leaked images were accompanied with new details regarding the in - game integration of the PlayStation 3's XMB interface .
Going by the report , the new 2.40 firmware will allow users to " do most things " in - game , including comparing trophies with other users .
Some unspecified tasks must still be performed outside of a game .
Should the images prove legitimate , it appears that the PlayStation 3's firmware will finally see the addition of two long - awaited features : thoroughly integrated social network functionality , and a system to rival the Xbox 360's Achievements .
Sony has previously mentioned that more details on the new 2.40 firmware features would be divulged prior to the firmware 's release , expected sometime this summer .
( CNN ) -- Friends and close associates of both Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are now convinced that , assuming she loses the race for the presidential nomination , she is probably going to fight to be the vice presidential nominee on an Obama - for - president ticket .
Carl Bernstein writes that Hillary Clinton 's campaign recognizes that it faces an uphill battle .
Clinton " is trying to figure out how to land the plane without looking like surrender , " a prominent figure in the Obama camp said Friday .
This means , in all likelihood , bringing her campaign to a close in the next few weeks and trying to leverage her way onto an Obama ticket from a position of maximum strength , said several knowledgeable sources .
A person close to her , with whom her campaign staff has counseled at various points , said this week , " I think the following will happen : Obama will be in a position where the party declares him the nominee by the first week in June .
She 'll still be fighting with everybody -- the Rules Committee , the party leaders -- and arguing , ' I 'm winning these key states ; I 've got almost half the delegates .
I have a whole constituency he has n't reached .
I 've got real differences on approach to how we win this election , and I 'm going to press the hell out of this guy .
...
Relief for the middle class , universal health care , etc. ; I'm Ms. Blue Collar , and I 'm going to press my fight , because he can't win without my being on the ticket . ' "
Another major Democratic Party figure , who supports her for president , agreed : " It 's not going to be a quiet exit .
... Obama has got a terrible situation .
He marches to a different drummer .
He wo n't want to take her on the ticket .
But he might have to , even though the idea of Vice President Hillary with Bill in the background at the White House is not something -- especially after what [ the Clintons ] have thrown at him that he relishes .
I believe she 'll go for it . "
However , several important Democrats aligned with Obama predicted that he -- and Michelle Obama -- will vigorously resist any Clinton effort to get on the ticket .
Rather , Obama is more likely to try to convince Clinton to either stay in the Senate or accept another position in an Obama administration , should he win the presidency .
Several Clinton associates say there is still a ray of hope among some in her campaign : that a " catastrophic " revelation about Obama might make it possible for her to win the presidential nomination .
But barring that , Hillary and Bill Clinton recognize that her candidacy is being abandoned and rejected by superdelegates whom she once expected to win over and that , even if she were to win the popular vote in combined primary states , she will almost certainly be denied the nomination .
In theory , the landing of Campaign Clinton by the end of the primaries -- in early June at the latest , without the prospect of a convention struggle -- would be good news from Obama 's point of view and even from the perspective of close Clinton friends and associates who revere their candidate and worry about the legacy of Hillary and Bill Clinton .
However , from the perspective of both campaign camps , there is serious concern about the kind of landing she 's aiming for and the precarious task of bringing her plane down , especially if she decides to seek the vice presidential nomination .
There could be a number of different landings :
• Smooth and skillful , doing the Obama candidacy no further damage and perhaps restoring to relative health the legacy of and regard for Bill and Hillary Clinton in the Democratic Party .
• Explosive , setting down after the enemy has been carpet - bombed ( an " October surprise in May " ) , something the Obama campaign believes may be less and less likely to come from his Democratic opponent because of the dangers to the party and the Clintons ' reputation .
Yet the Clinton campaign 's search for damaging information and its hope that such information exists continues , according to knowledgeable sources .
Strategist Harold Ickes , her premier tactical counselor , warned on the eve of the North Carolina and Indiana that Obama could be vulnerable to an " October surprise " by the McCain campaign .
• Missing the runway and destroying the Democratic village , as even her advocates outside her immediate campaign apparat fear could happen if the Clinton campaign continues to pursue a harshly negative course .
• Just bumpy and scary enough to shake the Obama campaign one last time and get her into the hangar as the vice presidential nominee on the Democratic ticket .
Increasingly , this is what people in Obama 's corner and those who know her well are becoming convinced she will try to do .
Part of this assumption is based on her determination to roll up the biggest numbers possible in West Virginia and Kentucky , and Bill Clinton 's argument that she may still win a majority of popular votes in non-caucus states .
Meanwhile , some of the Clintons ' longtime friends and political counselors are intent on trying to talk her down calmly -- something almost like a family intervention -- to get her to concede the Democratic presidential race when the appropriate time comes , in such a way as to heal some of the wounds to the party and to both candidates but allow her to make her best case for the vice presidency .
Almost no one I have spoken to who knows her well doubts that , as she reconciles to the likelihood that her presidential campaign will fall short , she will probably seek the vice presidential spot .
One reason : Contrary to common belief , she does n't look forward to going back to the Senate , they say .
Many Democratic senators believe that she would not have an easy time winning an election for majority leader ; the tenor and tactics of her presidential campaign have alienated some of her Democratic colleagues in the Senate .
Far more than as one of 100 senators , she could accomplish much of her lifelong social and political agenda as vice president and , if Obama is not elected , could make a better argument that she should be the party 's next nominee for president .
One other factor now plays a bigger role in the vice presidential question than on the night of her defeat in North Carolina and her narrow win in the Indiana primary : her unequivocal assertion the following day that she has more support among white working - class voters than Obama has .
In an interview with USA Today , she cited an Associated Press report that , she said , " found how Sen .
Obama 's support among working , hard - working Americans , white Americans , is weakening again , and how whites in both states who had not completed college were supporting me . "
It is difficult to overstate the negative effect this remark has had on superdelegates , party leaders and her Democratic colleagues in both houses of Congress .
" That 's not a way to land the plane , " one of her key supporters said .
" If you were a superdelegate , you 'd say , ' We have to shut this down right away . ' "
But others worried that her words were calculated , that by venturing into such risky , rhetorical territory about race , she might put Obama under increased pressure to take her on the ticket before more damage and loss of support from her working - class base is felt .
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown , an old Clinton friend , said Friday that she had made a major mistake in suggesting " that hardworking Americans are white people . "
" This statement has got to be dealt with by Hillary Clinton , and Hillary Clinton alone , " he said on MSNBC's " Hardball . "
" The sooner she does that , " he said , " the sooner her ship is going to start sailing in a better direction . "
Carl Bernstein is the author of , most recently , " A Woman in Charge : The Life of Hillary Rodham Clinton " ( Vintage , 2008 ) .
All About Hillary Clinton • Barack Obama • Democratic Party
At GDC this year , Dale North , Nick Chester and I giggled like school girls when we were shown a super secret and surprisingly intergalactic sequel to the addictive Puzzle Quest : Challenge of the Warlords .
Honestly , this first trailer for Puzzle Quest : Galactrix does n’t reveal much at all .
It shows enough , though , to give you a quick taste of the all new gravity mechanic .
As you play each stage , the traditional colored tiles will actually fall in different directions depending on where your “ puzzle ship ” is in space .
It is a tricky ( but cool ) feature and is sure to add an enormous amount of challenge to an already stressful game .
It is also nice to see that the ridiculously overdramatic music is making a grand return .
I always loved that about the original Puzzle Quest .
Puzzle Quest : Galactrix is set to hit the Nintendo DS , XBLA , and PC in early 2009 ( sorry PSP owners ) , but we are sure to see more of the game at next week ’s E3 .
[ Thanks TrailerParkJesus ! ]
| by
Pin Share 0 Shares
Reading time : 5 – 8 minutes
Answering seems simple enough .
For many people however , the need to avoid criticism and seek praise causes them to respond in a manner consistent with expected norms .
Self - reports of dietary intake can be biased by these tendencies , tainting consumption data collected by the health community .
Everyone knows they should eat five or more servings of fruits and vegetables a day , so that ’s what they say when they ’re asked — many even really believe it to be true .
The findings , published in the Nutrition Journal , demonstrate that self - reports of fruit and vegetable consumption are susceptible to substantial social approval bias [ 1 ] .
Such biases are the presence of social desirability ( the tendency to respond in such a way as to avoid criticism ) and social approval ( the tendency to seek praise ) [ 2 - 3 ] .
Researchers from the University of Colorado Denver randomly selected 163 women to complete what they were told would be a future telephone survey about health .
Randomly half the women were sent a letter prior to the interview describing it as a study of fruit and vegetable intake .
Included with the letter was a brief statement on the benefits of fruit and vegetable consumption , a 5 - A - Day sticker and a 5 - A - Day refrigerator magnet .
The other half of the women in the study recieved the same letter but it described the study purpose only as a more general nutrition survey and contained neither the fruit and vegetable message nor the 5 - A - Day materials .
Within 10 days of receiving the letters , each of the women answered a food frequency questionnaire and were asked how many fruits and vegetables they had eaten in the last 24 hours .
Since the two groups were randomly selected , fruit and vegetable consumption should have been the same in each group .
However , those women that recieved the fruit and vegetable message and the 5 - A - Day materials reported a significantly higher intake of total fruits and vegetables , and 40 % of individuals were categorized as eating 5 or more servings of fruits and vegetables a day compared to just 18 % in the other group .
In response to the 24 - hour recall questions , 61 % of women who received the fruit and vegetable message and the 5 - A - Day materials reported eating fruits and / or vegetables on three or more occasions throughout the previous day compared to 32 % in the other group .
These percentages were independent of age , race , educational level , self - perceived health status and time since last medical check - up .
According to the authors of the study [ 1 ] :
This study therefore suggest that social approval bias might well be a substantial problem in the interpretation of nutritional intervention effects that are dependent on education and awareness to affect behavior change .
The magnitude of this bias is similar to the intervention effects reported in many studies evaluating changes in fruit and vegetable intake ( ranging from 0.93 to 1.25 servings per day ) .
Thus , a major challenge facing nutritional intervention researchers is assessing true behavioral change based on self - reports from reporting bias .
This does n’t mean that health questionnaires are useless .
Rather , it means that many people simply are n’t being entirely truthful when it comes to how many fruits and vegetables they eat .
The authors suggest that , in large dietary intervention trials , subgroups can be evaluated with biomarkers or other independent assessments to estimate the reporting bias size .
Additionally , bias can also be controlled to some degree by assessing different intensities of an intervention , whereby everyone receives at least a minimal prompt for change instead of one group not receiving any prompt at all .
A growing body of evidence shows that fruits and vegetables are critical to promoting good health .
Here ’s 5 tips to help you eat more :
Keep fruits and vegetables on the counter or at eye level in the refridgerator .
Make them easy to find and you ’ll be more likely to eat them .
If you ’re worried about fruits and vegetables spoiling , try canned and frozen fruits and vegetables .
Eat fruits and vegetables at every meal .
For snacks , try carrot sticks , raisins or apple slices .
Buy precut fruits and vegetables .
They may cost a bit more than unprepared fruits and vegetables , but there ’s less work and they ’re ready to eat .
Skip the potatoes .
They have a high glycemic index compared to other vegetables such as broccoli , cauliflower , asparagus , string beans or peas .
Fruits and vegetables contain essential vitamins , minerals and fiber .
In addition to the numerous health benefits of eating more fruits and vegetables , increased consumption lowers your risk of developing several cancers .
Additional resources can be found in the Nutrition category of the Highlight HEALTH Web Directory .
How about you ?
Do you lie to yourself about the fruits and vegetables you eat ?
References
I ’ve long meant to write about trust and branding .
I do n’t pretend to have the last word on this subject , but I do n’t think the first words have said enough yet .
What triggered this article was several conversations with Steve Cranford at Whisper , and in particular , his recent post on great branding through through truth - telling .
What ’s the difference between trust and branding ?
Or are they the same ?
Is Brand Trust an intuitively meaningful term ?
Or an oxymoron ?
My answer is , “ It depends . ”
The harder question is answering the follow - up : “ On what ? ”
I have argued that the predominant sense of the word “ trust ” is personal , not institutional .
My frame of reference is not dictionaries but real world usage .
But if it is true that trust is personal and not institutional , does n’t that mean that branding ca n’t be very trust - powerful , because it does n’t deal in the interpersonal ?
Branding is mainly about an individual relating to an institution , a company , a product .
Not a person .
In fact , the reason the term “ personal brand ” caught on as a term is that it feels like an oxymoron , a paradox , a conflation — and we are intrigued by such formulations .
But hold on a minute .
Let ’s consider branding in terms of the Trust Equation : a mix of credibility , reliability , intimacy , and low self - orientation .
Just because branding does n’t employ all of the elements of trust , that does n’t mean your brand ca n’t heavily leverage a few components and arguably out - trust an individual .
What does the brand McDonald ’s imply ?
For one thing , reliability .
Huge , massive levels of reliability regarding the things you put into your body , the places you interact with people to buy those things , and the consistency of experience .
You know what you ’re going to get at McDonald ’s , and are rarely , rarely disappointed .
That ’s worth a helluva lot .
And on one critical element of trust , arguably that level of reliability — at least in the sense of being predictable — is as powerful as reliability exhibited by a friend .
Take another trust component — credibility .
How much more will you pay for Poland Spring than for a store chain ’s house brand ?
A fair amount .
But how much will you pay for the latter compared to an un-labeled bottle of water sold by a street vendor ?
Massively multiples more , because credibility is something we care about when our health is at stake , and the credibility of a retail chain vastly exceeds that of street vendors when it comes to the life - sustaining fluid that is water .
On the face of it , the other two elements of the Trust Equation — intimacy and self - orientation — are inherently personal attributes , not corporate or product - related .
We do n’t share our feelings with a brand , or worry that our brand is self - focused and not paying enough attention to us .
That would be silly .
Or would it ?
Cranford argues that " telling the truth — authenticity — is one more requirement of effective branding . "
What he ’s getting at — as I see it — is revealed in Cranford ’s definition of branding : " defining why you are , so that you become the only logical choice for what you offer . "
I think Cranford is on to something .
We often speak of branding as an objective characteristic of a product or service offering , or as the subjective experience of customers presented over time with that product or service offerings .
But people do n’t “ trust ” products .
They do n’t “ trust ” service offerings .
They trust people .
As Cranford notes , 75 % of the American people do n’t trust advertising or advertisers .
But they do trust people .
So , the real question becomes : do we or do we not trust the people behind the brand ?
Do we believe in the integrity of the organization putting out the product or service ?
Do those people in that company really believe what they say ?
Do they mean for their product to serve us ?
Or could they just as well be in currency trading or reinsurance as well as whatever they ’re doing , because they ’re just in it for the money ?
That makes sense to me .
In the traditional , personal sense of trust , I trust a brand because of what I believe about the people branding it .
If you ’re sufficiently old , you ’ll remember , “ You can trust your car to the man who wears the star — the big , bright , Texaco star . ”
Not anymore .
And not for lack of money spent on branding gasoline .
But because we no longer believe we can " trust our car " to the people running , say , Chevron ( or Exxon ) .
Station owner ?
Maybe .
Company ?
I do n’t think so .
Strong brand ?
Yes .
Trusted ?
Not so much .
But , Enterprise Rent - a - Car ?
Yes to both questions .
Starbucks ?
Pretty much so , still , despite growing pains .
Branding may be the social version of the individual connection we call trust .
It ’s accesibly meaningful in narrow senses like reliability .
And , it can have that personal meaning when it comes to the authenticity and trustworthiness of those behind the curtain — the ones charged with delivering the brand .
Those are my thoughts .
Ad and PR people ?
Branding people ?
Psychologists ?
Coaches ?
Marketers ?
Or just armchair theorists — what do you all think ?
One Length With Bangs Pony Tail Length Hairstyles With Bangs , One Length With Bangs Hairstyles Mid Length With Bangs , One …
One Length With Bangs Medium Curly Length Hairstyles No Bangs , One Length With Bangs Mid Length Bangs , One Length With Bangs Mid Length Hairstyles With Bangs And Layers in 2020 , One Length With Bangs Eye Length Bangs in 2020 , One Length With Bangs Ear Length Bob With Bangs
At the start of this year , I sat down to write the “ Errors and Debugging ” chapter of Simply JavaScript .
I cracked my fingers , dove into the landscape of JavaScript debugging tools , and emerged very disappointed several hours later .
At the time , Firefox was the only browser with a JavaScript debugging tool worth writing about : Firebug .
Less than a year later , the landscape has changed dramatically .
Every major browser has introduced new development tools that make it easier to diagnose problems with your HTML , CSS , and JavaScript code right inside the browser in question .
But can any of these tools stack up against the slick and effortlessly powerful tools provided by Firebug ?
Let ’s take a look .
Internet Explorer
Internet Explorer is notorious for coughing up mysterious rendering behavior and useless JavaScript error messages at every turn , and Microsoft is obviously making a concerted effort to improve not just the browser itself , but the tools available for developers to diagnose such issues .
The Internet Explorer Developer Toolbar for IE6 and IE7 is a useful tool for fiddling with page styles on the fly when you ’re hunting for a work - around to the rendering issues in those browsers .
Its features for diagnosing actual bugs in your CSS are clumsy , but capable .
Its ‘ Trace Styles ’ feature , for example , will let you look at a list of rules that apply to an element , but it ca n’t compete with the at - a - glance view of the CSS cascade that you get with Firebug .
As for JavaScript debugging in Internet Explorer , the picture is n’t pretty .
The Microsoft Script Debugger is a free download , but it ’s so buggy , unstable , and confusing that you ’ll wish it was n’t .
The Microsoft Script Editor is a passable debugger , but it was only distributed with Microsoft Office XP and Office 2003 — you ca n’t get it anymore .
What you can get is Visual Web Developer 2008 Express Edition , which includes an extremely slick and powerful JavaScript debugger .
If you ’re building an ASP .
NET - powered site , you might even want to use it to build your site , in which case using its JavaScript debugger is a cinch .
If you only want to use it as a JavaScript debugger , however , you could be in trouble .
If your page is throwing a JavaScript error , then you can trick Visual Web Developer into debugging your site .
If there is no actual error , but you ’re just trying to hunt down some strange behavior , you may need to shell out several hundred dollars for Visual Studio 2008 , which can connect to and debug a running Internet Explorer process .
Internet Explorer 8 is set to make things much easier by adding some polish to the features of the Developer Toolbar , adding a solid JavaScript debugger , and building them right into the browser .
Microsoft gave us an early look at these improved tools with the release of IE8 Beta 1 .
Though they look promising , some of Firebug ’s advanced features ( like network monitoring and profiling ) are still missing .
In summary , the situation with Internet Explorer is iffy , but improving .
Let ’s see how the other major browsers are doing …
Safari
Safari has come a long way this year already , and it ’s set to get even better !
With the release of Safari 3 , not only did Windows - based developers gain access to a native version of this browser on which to test their designs , but the WebKit team threw in a bunch of new tools for developers .
First up is the Web Inspector , which you can access in Safari 3.1 by enabling the Develop menu ( on the Advanced tab in Safari Preferences ) .
Not only does it provide the same powerful on - the - fly CSS tweaking and at - a - glance view of the CSS cascade as you get in Firebug , but it also includes Firebug - like network monitoring .
Safari 3 also introduces an excellent JavaScript debugger for Safari : Drosera .
Once you configure your copy of Safari to allow a debugger to connect , you can fire up Drosera alongside the browser and use it to pinpoint problems with your JavaScript code .
Although Drosera works well , someone must have decided that it would be better to build the JavaScript debugger right into the Web Inspector .
That ’s exactly what the current development version of WebKit does , so we can safely expect a built - in JavaScript debugger in Safari 3.2 , currently expected in September .
In just a year , Safari has gone from providing virtually no developer tools worth mentioning to having the slickest ( and very nearly the most powerful ) tools around .
The WebKit team is clearly on fire .
Opera
Like Safari , the just - released Opera 9.5 has gained some impressive new developer tools since its previous release .
Dubbed Dragonfly , what Opera has produced is more than just its answer to Firebug ; it ’s a browser - independant platform for web debugging tools .
Not only can Dragonfly inspect the HTML and CSS and debug the JavaScript of a page running in Opera 9.5 , but it can also connect to the latest version of Opera Mobile running on a Windows Mobile smartphone .
Since the platform is open source , other browsers could theoretically add support for Dragonfly as well .
For now , Dragonfly is still an early effort .
Opera 9.5 may be out , but its built - in developer tools are still a bit buggy and unstable .
For now , Dragonfly is also read - only : you ca n’t edit your HTML or CSS on - the - fly like you can with other browsers ’ tools .
Opera promises live editing is on the way , however ; that , and squashing a few bugs should see Dragonfly become a solid contender in the in - browser development tool race .
Firefox
… which brings us back to Firefox , where the combination of the Web Developer extension and Firebug ( among others ) has secured its place as the browser of choice for most web developers .
Firebug in particular began this race in the lead , but for the past year the changes to Firebug have come mainly in the form of performance improvements , and compatibility updates for Firefox 3 .
Firebug ’s creator , Joe Hewitt , had this to say about Firebug on the eve of Firefox 3 ’s release yesterday :
Firebug 1.2 is the new version that is compatible with Firefox 3 .
Do n’t thank me for the new version , as I did n’t write a line of code for it .
The credit goes to the open source community that has sprung up around Firebug in the last year , led by John J. Barton of IBM .
They ’ve done an amazing job and made me feel really good about the decision to make Firebug free and open source .
A lot of work has gone into Firebug over the past year , but very little of it is visible in the form of new features or other improvements to make it more useful to developers .
Firefox ’s competitors have had ample opportunity to steal the hearts and minds of developers with a competing set of developer tools .
Still , Firebug remains the single most functional and powerful tool for web developers to diagnose and fix issues in HTML , CSS , and JavaScript code .
The other browsers have come a long way ( especially Safari , which only lacks a couple of minor features and compensates with a very slick user interface ) , but none of them have everything that Firebug has had for over a year .
Of course , browser - specific bugs happen all the time , so every browser that offers a comprehensive set of developer tools will benefit .
For now , however , thanks to Firebug , Firefox is still the browser that most developers want to call home .
With New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer allegedly caught nibbling the fruits of a high - class , tech - savvy prostitution ring , it 's clearer than ever the world 's oldest profession is doing a fine job of harnessing the latest technology .
The red light site at the center of the Spitzer scandal is EmperorsClubVIP.com .
Now offline , it 's described in FBI documents ( .pdf ) as a professional online storefront offering conveniences like e-mail confirmation of appointments , and linking clients and prostitutes across the United States and Europe .
Archived copies of the site show it presented visitors with a menu of women , complete with photographs in which female bodies are on display , while their faces stay out - of - frame or are digitally obscured .
The site ranks the prostitutes from one to seven using sparkling , animated gif diamonds .
Hourly rates went according to the assigned ranking – seven diamonds being the highest and most expensive .
The more valued a particular client was , the more access he would have to restricted sections of the site , the FBI said in an affidavit .
" For example ... the Emperors Club charged $ 1,000 per hour for a three - diamond prostitute and $ 3,100 per hour for a seven - diamond prostitute , " the FBI said in an affidavit .
" The web site offered the Emperors Club 's most valued clients ' membership ' in the ' Icon Club , ' a status which allowed the clients to access restricted areas of the web site and permitted them to schedule appointments for illegal prostitution services with the most highly - ranked prostitutes whose fees started at $ 5,500 per hour . "
Internet - based prostitution businesses are easy to find online .
They range in size from sole - proprietorships posting on Craigslist to large organized rings allegedly like the Emperors Club .
In 2006 , federal prosecutors took down a Manhattan - based e-escort service operating as " New York Elites " and " Exotica 2000 " that had raked in $ 13.5 million in revenues in four years .
The industry is robust enough to have its own specialized support sector .
The Emperors Club web site was crafted by an all - female web design firm with a Texas phone number called Working Girl Web Designs , which also offers hosting .
Working Girl has an impressive resume , crafting the websites for businesses with names like companionescorts.com , YourLittleSecretNJ and VHotGirl.com .
For operators in a hurry to get started , the firm offers six turn - key layouts , with templates like the spare " Noir Chic " design and the lush " Parisian . "
A woman who identified herself as Adrianna answered the phone number for Working Girl Web Designs , but declined to provide a last name .
She acknowledged designing the original Emperors Club website , but says she 'd rather not take credit , since the owners have made a number of changes on their own that detracted from her original concept .
Adrianna 's phone number is also the official ad - sales line for gfeclub.com – an ad site for escorts offering what 's known in the trade as a " girlfriend experience , " in which kissing is allowed .
Visitors can view an escort 's stats and photos , read their blogs and check their availability on a pop-up calender .
Sex workers also have their own internet message boards .
On mypinkbook.com , professionals discuss everything from faking orgasms to avoiding arrests and dealing with " sex worker burnout . "
In a recent post , a user searches for " a new work space " in San Francisco .
" I am very discerning , responsible , neat , a clear and open communicator , extremely reliable about money and agreements .
I am happy to bring all my own supplies or if we share linens , will do cleaning etc , " the post read .
In The Emperors Club case , court documents filed in the Southern District of New York say the ring made as much as $ 1 million through a front company to which clients were directed to make payments .
The four alleged ringleaders often texted to one another about business dealings .
In one intercepted message , according to the FBI , " the defendants communicated via text message about the fact that the three - day rates for two of the Emperors Club prostitutes were $ 50,000 and $ 35,000 , respectively . "
No alleged clients are charged in the case .
Spitzer , according to reports , is identified in the documents as " Client - 9 " .
But just as much as the alleged prostitution ring employed technology to further its reach , the authorities uncovered it the same way .
The FBI , according to court documents , intercepted more than 5,000 telephone calls and text messages , more than 6,000 e-mails , bank and travel records – all , the bureau said , with court authorized warrants .
( Image : Three escorts and their diamond ratings on display in a June , 2007 archived version of EmperorsClubVIP.com )
In another move towards sustainable practices in the restaurant industry , Chipotle Mexican Grill , the fast - casual chain famous for oversized burritos made with fresh ingredients , recently started buying sustainably - raised pork from Joel Salatin ’s Polyface Farm in Chipotle ’s Charlottesville , VA stores .
Chipotle projects that Polyface will be able to supply 100 % of the pork needed for the Charlottesville market .
Polyface , profiled in Michael Pollan ’s
The Omnivore ’s Dilemma , is considered the benchmark standard of sustainable animal agriculture agriculture and gives true credibility to Chipotle ’s corporate mission to leave a lighter footprint .
The partnership comes on the heels of almost a year and a half of complex negotiations involving equipment needs , recipes , and transportation issues .
Salatin found that his fine - dining clients , snapped up the choice cuts of pork he had to offer , but the market was not as strong for tougher cuts , such as shoulders and legs .
These tough cuts are perfect for the braising method used in carnitas pork for burritos .
Although the partnership was a lengthy process , Chipotle is no stranger to looking for vendors using more sustainable methods .
They ’ve been buying pork from since 2000 , creating a demand which allowed Niman to expand from 75 small farms to 500 .
According to their website , all meat served in their restaurants are antibiotic and hormone - free and are all vegetarian - fed. 25 % of their beans are grown organically , and their sour cream is rBGH - free .
Trying to rethink their sourcing towards sustainability , ( and effectively , reimage how large - scale chains do business ) aligns Chipotle ’s mission with that of Polyface , who have been rejecting conventional notions of industrial agriculture since 1961 .
Despite the higher cost ( and effort ) behind integrating Polyface pork , Chipotle refused to pass their costs on to the consumer–their carnitas burrito remains $ 5.75 in Charlottesville .
And for those who want to lighten their food footprint even more ( but ca n’t resist Chipotle ’s burritos ) , Chipotle has plenty of vegetarian and vegan options on their menu .
[ This article by Murray N. Rothbard follows " The Road to Civil War , " and is excerpted from the same unpublished report to the Volker Fund , 1961 . ]
The Civil War was one of the most momentous events in American history , not only for its inherent drama and destruction , but because of the fateful consequences for America that flowed from it .
We have said above that the War of 1812 had devastating consequences for the libertarian movement ; indeed , it might be said that it took twenty years of devotion and hard work for the Jacksonian movement to undo the étatist consequences of that utter failure of a war .
It is the measure of the statist consequences of the Civil War that America never recovered from it : never again was the libertarian movement to have a party of its own , or as close a chance at success .
Hamiltonian neo-Federalism beyond the wildest dreams of even a J.Q. Adams had either been foisted permanently on America , or had been inaugurated , to be later fulfilled .
Let us trace the leading consequences of the War Against the South : there is , first , the enormous toll of death , injury , and destruction .
There is the complete setting aside of the civilized ' rules of war ' that Western civilization had laboriously been erecting for centuries : instead , a total war against the civilian population was launched against the South .
The symbol of this barbaric and savage oppression was , of course , Sherman 's march through Georgia and the rest of the South , the burning of Atlanta , etc .
( For the military significance of this reversion to barbarism , see F.J.P. Veale , Advance to Barbarism ) .
Another consequence , of course , was the ending of effective states ' rights , and of the perfectly logical and reasonable right of secession — or , for that matter , nullification .
From now on , the Union was a strictly compulsory entity .
Further , the Civil War foisted upon the country the elimination of Jacksonian hard money : the greenbacks established government fiat paper , which it took 14 long years to tame ; and the National Bank Act ended the separation of government from banking , effectively quasi-nationalizing and regulating the banking system , and creating an engine of governmentally sponsored inflation .
So ruthlessly did the Lincoln administration overturn the old banking system ( including the effective outlawing of state bank notes ) that it became almost impossible to achieve a return — impossible that is , without a radical and almost revolutionary will for hard money , which did not exist .
On the tariff , the virtual destruction of the Democratic Party led to the foisting of a high , protective tariff to remain for a generation — indeed , permanently , for the old prewar low tariff was never to return .
It was behind this wall of tariff - subsidy that the ' trusts ' were able to form .
Further , the administration embarked on a vast program of subsidies to favored businesses : land grants to railroads , etc .
The Post Office was later monopolized and private postal services outlawed .
The national debt skyrocketed , the budget increased greatly and permanently , and taxes increased greatly — including the first permanent foisting on America of excise taxation , especially on whiskey and tobacco .
$ 22 ' The Civil War and the Lincoln administration achieved a neo -Federalist triumph that was complete right down the line . '
Thus , on every point of the old Federalist - Whig vs. Democrat - Republican controversy , the Civil War and the Lincoln administration achieved a neo-Federalist triumph that was complete right down the line .
And the crushing of the South , the military Reconstruction period , etc. assured that the Democratic Party would not rise again to challenge this settlement for at least a generation .
And when it did rise , it would have a much tougher row to hoe than did Van Buren and Co. in an era much more disposed to laissez - faire .
But this was not all : for the Civil War saw also the inauguration of despotic and dictatorial methods beyond the dreams of the so - called ' despots of ' 98 . '
Militarism ran rampant , with the arrogant suspension of habeas corpus , the crushing and mass arrests in Maryland , Kentucky , etc. ; the suppression of civil liberties and opposition against the war , among the propeace ' Copperheads ' — the persecution of Vallandigham , etc. ; and the institution of conscription .
Also introduced on the American scene at this time was the income tax , reluctantly abandoned later , but to reappear .
Federal aid to education began in earnest and permanently with federal land grants for state agricultural colleges .
There was no longer any talk , of course , about abolition of the standing army or the navy .
Almost everything , in short , that is currently evil on the American political scene , had its roots and its beginnings in the Civil War .
Because of the slavery controversy of the 1850s , there was no longer a single libertarian party in America , as the Democratic had been .
Now the free - soilers had left the Democrat ranks .
But , especially after Dred Scott had pushed the Douglas ' Freeport Doctrine ' to the fore as libertarian policy , there was hope for a reunited Democracy , especially since the Democrat party was still very good on all questions except slavery .
But the Civil War wrecked all that , and monolithic Republican rule could impress its neo-Federalist program on America to such an extent as to make it extremely difficult to uproot .
Men in remote Northern Territory communities who need to cool down after a domestic dispute now have somewhere to go other than the police station .
Safe house complexes have been set up in 12 remote communities , including Yuendumu , 300 kilometres north - west of Alice Springs and Finke , south - east of Alice Springs , and are constructed out of modified shipping containers .
They will be used as domestic violence shelters for women , as well as training rooms and ' cooling off ' spaces for male perpetrators of family violence .
The project 's coordinator , Emma Williams , says she hopes it means women and children will not always have to leave the family home when trouble erupts .
" One of the things that we believe is that where the safety of the victim can be assured it really is preferable to have the perpetrator go from the home , so the victims can stay at home rather than them having to flee , " she said .
" The men 's cooling off facility is still that role , but I want to make a really clear distinction that these facilities are not places to lock up men . "
Malcolm
Wall , the chief executive of the Yuendumu community , says he does not think men will choose to go to the safe house voluntarily .
" I think that 's probably where there 's going to be an issue because night patrol is n't going to be able to grab these people and restrain them , maybe police will be able to use these facilities , I really do n't know , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The murder of former Russian agent Alexander Litvinenko was carried out with the backing of the Russian state , Whitehall sources have told the BBC .
A senior security official told Newsnight there were " very strong indications it was a state action " .
Mr Litvinenko , who was a fierce critic of former Russian President Vladimir Putin , was poisoned in London in 2006 .
UK investigators suspect former KGB agent Andrei Lugovoi of the murder , but he has always denied any involvement .
The BBC has been told that Russia 's internal security organisation , the FSB , operated under Mr Putin with far more autonomy than the organisations usually entrusted with foreign espionage operations .
Our source said : " We very strongly believe the Litvinenko case to have had some state involvement . "
Newsnight has also learned that officers at MI5 believe they thwarted an attempt last summer to kill another Russian dissident , Boris Berezovsky .
Mr Litvinenko died after drinking tea laced with polonium 210
The BBC 's source said the Berezovsky incident showed " continued FSB willingness to consider operations against people in the West " .
And they claimed the targeting of Russian government critics in the UK had serious diplomatic repercussions , saying : " [ It ] messes up the relationship big time . "
In November , head of MI5 Jonathan Evans expressed concern that there had been " no decrease " in the number of Russian covert intelligence officers operating in the UK since the end of the Cold War .
The service believes there are around 30 operating from Russian diplomatic missions here .
In May 2007 , the Crown Prosecution Service formally submitted an extradition request to Moscow for Mr Lugovoi to stand trial in Britain .
That request remains current , but Russia has refused to cooperate saying it would be against its constitution to do so .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown is thought to have raised the case as he held his first face - to - face talks with new Russian president Dmitry Medvedev at the G8 summit in Japan .
Many in the industry will tell you there ’s a good reason car companies do n’t do things this way .
Toyota , which is proceeding much more cautiously with its own plug - in car , has made no secret of its belief that neither GM nor anyone else can keep the Volt ’s promises .
When I called Menahem Anderman , a prominent battery consultant in California , he said the lithium - ion battery will be expensive — far too expensive to make sense as a business proposition as long as gas is $ 3 or $ 4 a gallon .
( “ At $ 10 a gallon we can have a different discussion . ” )
Its life is unproven , and unprovable in the short time GM has allotted .
To deliver tens of thousands of vehicles in 2010 , Anderman said , “ they should have had hundreds of them already driving around for two or three years .
Hundreds .
Not everybody can say it publicly , but everybody in the high - volume industry is saying , ‘ What are they thinking about ? ’ ”
An executive with a GM competitor , after making some of the same points , offered forthrightness in exchange for anonymity : “ They ’re making a huge mistake . ”
The people at GM understand very well the reasons they ’re not supposed to do what they ’re doing .
They offer a variety of retorts .
Batteries will improve and get cheaper .
Gas prices will rise .
They have two decades ’ worth of experience with electric drive .
They have smart algorithms to test the battery .
Strict new fuel - economy standards will vindicate the business case .
But , at bottom , what they say is that the challenge is part of the point .
They have something to prove .
In conversations with everyone from staff engineers to Rick Wagoner , the chairman and CEO , I heard references to the Apollo program .
“ John Kennedy did n’t say , ‘ Let ’s go to the moon and , you know , we ’ll get there as soon as we can , ’ ” Wagoner said in a recent interview in his office , atop a high - rise in Detroit .
“ I asked our experts , ‘ Guys , do we have a reasonable chance of making it or not ? ’
Yes .
‘ Well , then , let ’s go for what we want rather than go for what we know we can do . ’” With the Volt , GM — battered , beleaguered , struggling for profitability — hopes to re-engineer not just the car but the way the public thinks about cars , the way the public thinks about GM , and the way GM thinks about itself .
‘ That Could Have Been Us ’
The company turns 100 this year , but amid the birthday celebrations it can expect a slap in the face : in 2008 GM is likely to be demoted to No. 2 among the world ’s carmakers .
Memories of past glory make being overtaken by Toyota all the more galling .
In the 1950s and 1960s , GM poured forth a stream of innovations in design and technology .
In the 1960s , it manufactured nearly 60 percent of the cars sold in America .
Then , of course , the Japanese arrived , the energy crisis hit , and GM began to look like the company that never missed an opportunity to miss an opportunity .
In the 1970s , when gas prices rose , GM proved incapable of building a decent small car .
In the 1980s , when the Japanese redefined quality , GM failed to respond , because its brands were competing against each other instead of the imports .
In the 1990s , when minivans and SUVs took off , GM was caught unprepared .
In the early part of this decade , it decided hybrids were too unprofitable to pursue , leaving a gap in the market that Toyota , with its Prius , brilliantly and mercilessly exploited .
By the time GM recognized its blunder and launched its own hybrids , Toyota dominated the field .
WordPress Website Designer / Professional Websites from £ 999 / Browser Tested and SEO Monitoring
London
I ’m David and I will DESIGN , DEVELOP and MARKET your new website so you do n’t have to .
Why struggle and stress with Wix or SquareSpace , when you can hire me ?
A freelance web designer and WordPress developer with over 10 years of experience in the
Paul Krugman writes :
You might say that this is my answer to those who cheerfully assert that human ingenuity and technological progress will solve all our problems .
For the last 35 years , progress on energy technologies has consistently fallen below expectations .
It ’s worth noting that if we had to build today ’s energy infrastructure working under the current regulatory and NIMBY burden , it probably could not be done .
So it should n’t be surprising that building a new energy infrastructure is proving so hard .
There ’s a reason why many of us think deregulation is a big issue and it ’s not because we want to see people poisoned by Chinese botchagaloop .
Short introduction to Yeti has moved to http://dot.planet.ee/yeti/intro.html
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
How to defend against knife and disarm .
How to defend against knife and disarm .
This is music so driven anyone can embrace it .
Something to remind you of music 's ability to shake you up , get you off your ass , and … well , frankly , to punish .
And yet , while you 're taking in Huoratron 's beat - battering , you find yourself smiling .
It 's a cathartic musical assault .
There 'll be blood , sweat and tears , but at the end of it all you 'll feel like a better person .
Finally someone who does n't think his vision needs to be watered down for people to get it .
People do get it .
But how does Huoratron get both hardcore punks and hipsters to line up for hugs after soul purging gigs ?
Sure , they 're won over by his zero tolerance to compromise , but there 's more .
The man behind the moniker , Aku Raski , has a multitude of forces at work within him .
On one hand he is an intuitive artist and composer , an alchemist of the esoteric art of sound .
On the other hand he is a scientist , who crafts sounds and beats with the care of a 17th century violin - maker .
And he is also a performer — a bearded showman who moshes his way into the hearts of his audiences .
Huoratron was formed as a dogmatic underground art concept : he took limited technology in the form of Gameboys , and forced the gadgets to spit out a distorted wall of sound like no one had done before .
The equipment has evolved in a logical progression with the music ever since , and has led to Huoratron 's debut album , Cryptocracy .
It serves up refined dynamics of aggression with nuances adding to the impact .
And , like it 's been from the beginning , the music is defined by a fearless attitude , a disrespect of the rules and a dedication to the cause .
With Huoratron you get the whole package .
One man executing one vision with total control of his medium .
And the secret ingredient ?
It has to come from the disarming charm and presence of the man behind it all .
He makes it all human .
( CNN ) --
From cyberspace to college campuses , many young conservatives are worried that Sen.
John McCain is not appealing to their generation .
Sen . John McCain says he knows how important young voters are .
At a town hall meeting in Ohio this month , a student told McCain that Republicans were a dying breed on his campus .
" I understand the challenge I have , and I understand that this election is really all about the people of your generation , " McCain said .
Many young Republicans said Sen. Barack Obama , the 46 - year - old junior senator from Illinois , is inspiring voters their age , but McCain , the 71 - year - old Arizona senator who has been in office since the early ' 80s , is not .
Eric Perlmutter , a Republican and student at the at the University of Southern California , said the roaring enthusiasm that follows Obama is missing among conservatives his age .
" We try to get people out to our college Republican meetings , but ... we can't seem to draw the same kind of vocal support , " he said .
At the July town hall meeting in Portsmouth , Ohio , McCain said he knows that he has " a lot of work to do " with the younger voters .
The senator said he needs young conservatives to help spread his message for him , because " there 's nothing that convinces young people like other young people . "
McCain also acknowledged the importance of using the Internet to reach out to a generation that stays in touch via social networking sites .
On MySpace , Obama has more than 427,000 friends , compared with fewer than 60,000 for McCain .
Perlmutter said he cringed when McCain admitted he does n't use e-mail .
Obama , however , is frequently seen with Blackberry in hand .
Additionally , Perlmutter pointed out that the images used in McCain 's campaign -- such as a message about small businesses showing a barber shop with a traditional red and blue pole -- hardly connect to the younger generation .
" Well , when you see the Main Street barber shop image , you think of 1950s America .
An entrepreneur , a Silicon Valley guy would definitely make him more attractive , " he said .
Obama also has increased his college - age appeal by holding rallies and giving speeches at hundreds of campuses .
McCain has said he recognizes that he needs to get out to those venues " where young people are engaged and receiving their information and forming their opinions . "
" Sen . McCain should demand that these same colleges and universities host him or else their tax - exempt status could be in jeopardy , " said Jason Mattera , spokesman for Young America 's Foundation , a conservative outreach group .
McCain must work to connect young voters to conservative principles , Mattera said .
" So if they are suspicious of Uncle Sam telling them what Internet sites they can view , they should be equally suspicious of the federal government telling them what health care plan they are going to be a part of , " he said .
According to a Pew Research Center study conducted between October and March , McCain has a big numbers gap to close .
The study found that the current generation of young voters , those who came of age during the President Bush years , are giving the Democrats a wide edge .
Fifty - eight percent of voters under 30 identified or leaned toward the Democratic Party , compared with 33 percent who said they identified or leaned toward the Republican Party .
The McCain campaign said it plans to increase the senator 's presence on sites such as Facebook and MySpace in addition to the candidate making appearance on shows that appeal to younger viewers , such as " The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , " " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " and the " Late Show with David Letterman . "
In past elections , both parties have tended to put less focus on younger voters because historically , their turnout has been low .
With fewer than four months until the November election , McCain said he 's confident he can convince young voters that he is the candidate for them .
" I believe that I can convince them that I have the plan of action and the ideals and the goals and the inspiration that , as next president of the United States , I can serve better their interests than my opponent , " he said .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
Inside the Asus Eee PC 901
We break things so you do n't have to ...
1GB Elpida So-DIMM and 16GB Asus - Samsung SSD module
Yet again my inner seven year old has taken hold of me and insisted I find out what 's inside the new Eee PC 901 without general consideration about how it goes back together .
It does n't seem all that long ago when we broke the Eee PC 900 open to see what was inside its green , silicon innards , and now we 're doing the same with the arguably more interesting 901 .
After all , everyone seems genuinely excited by the prospects of Intel 's Atom processor family .
If you 've been between rock and hard place for the past few weeks , Asus announced the new Eee PC 901 and Eee PC 1000 at Computex Taipei earlier this month - we published our first impressions of the 901 last Friday Both feature Intel 's new Atom processors , with the smaller version being very similar to the older Eee PC 900 , which used the same hardware as the original Eee PC 701 , but featured a larger 8.9 " screen and a higher capacity SSD .... unless you want to - and then we 're right behind you !
Getting in is relatively easy , providing you know where to look .
You 'll first need to remove the battery and take out all the screws on the underside ( there should be 13 in total ) , including the one for the flap that hides the non-warranty voidable removable parts .
Once that 's out , take out the 16GB SSD and the single DDR2 memory module - note if you want to upgrade you 'll have to replace this DIMM with a bigger one since there 's only one socket available in the 901 .
We 're still keen to try this 16GB SSD in another notebook and we'd love to know how much of the 901's BOM ( bill of materials ) is taken up by the SSD .
To the left of the SSD slot and above the DIMM socket , there is the Wireless 802.11n module .
Both antennas are connected to it - they run up and around the 8.9 " LCD screen .
Next , you 'll need to flip the 901 over and attack the keyboard as there are also screws underneath there too !
In the top there are three very subtle clips that hold the keyboard in remarkably well and you 'll need find a couple of strong but thin implements to remove them - we used a pair of watchmaker 's screwdrivers ( note : cocktail sticks do n't work before you try ) .
With screwdrivers in hand , you need to simultaneously pop the keyboard upwards from both sides , while pushing the clips back into the plastic to remove it without damaging anything .
( Natural News ) Earth is wrapped by invisible protective lines created by the churn of its core .
These lines make up what 's known as the magnetic field .
And it has served the planet well for billions of years :
It has protected Earth from the solar wind and provided a basis for navigation .
Unfortunately , it has also been weakening for … [ Read More ... ]
At Last , Some Truth About Iraq and Afghanistan
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis
DIGG THIS
PARIS — After a sea of lies and a tsunami of propaganda , the ugly truth behind the Iraq and Afghanistan wars finally emerged into full view this week .
Four major western oil companies , Exxon , Mobil , Shell , BP and Total , are about to sign US - brokered no -bid contracts with the US - installed Baghdad regime to begin exploiting Iraq ’s oil fields .
Saddam Hussein had kicked these firms out three decades ago when he nationalized Iraq ’s foreign - owned oil industry for the benefit of Iraq ’s national development .
The Baghdad regime is turning back the clock .
This agreement comes as talks are continuing between the Washington and its Baghdad client regime over future US basing rights in Iraq .
After some face - saving Iraqi objections , it is expected that Baghdad will sign a compact with Washington giving US forces control of Iraq and its air space in a manner very similar to Great Britain ’s colonial arrangement with Iraq .
Interestingly , the same oil companies that used to exploit Iraq when it was a British colony are now returning .
As former US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan recently admitted , the Iraq war was all about oil .
VP Dick Cheney stated in 2003 that the invasion of Iraq was about oil , and for the sake of Israel .
Meanwhile , according to Pakistani and Indian sources , Afghanistan just signed a major deal to launch a long - planned , 1680 km long pipeline project expected to cost $ 8 billion .
If completed , the Turkmenistan - Afghanistan - Pakistan - India pipeline ( TAPI ) will export gas and , later , oil from the Caspian Basin to Pakistan ’s coast where tankers will transport it to the west .
The Caspian Basin located under the Central Asian states of Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Kazakkstan , holds an estimated 300 trillion cubic feet of gas and 100 — 200 billion barrels of oil .
Securing the world ’s last remaining known energy Eldorado is strategic priority for the western powers .
China can only look on with envy .
But there are only two practical ways to get gas and oil out of landlocked Central Asia to the sea : through Iran , or through Afghanistan to Pakistan .
For Washington , Iran is tabu .
That leaves Pakistan , but to get there , the planned pipeline must cross western Afghanistan , including the cities of Herat and Kandahar .
In 1998 , the Afghan anti-Communist movement Taliban and a western oil consortium led by the US firm UNOCAL signed a major pipeline deal .
UNOCAL lavished money and attention on Taliban , flew a senior delegation to Texas , and also hired an minor Afghan official , one Hamid Karzai .
Enter Osama bin Laden .
He advised the unworldly Taliban leaders to reject the US deal and got them to accept a better offer from an Argentine consortium , Bridas .
Washington was furious and , according to some accounts , threatened Taliban with war .
In early 2001 , six or seven months before 9/11 , Washington made the decision to invade Afghanistan , overthrow Taliban , and install a client regime that would build the energy pipelines .
But Washington still kept up sending money to Taliban until four months before 9/11 in an effort to keep it " on side " for possible use in a war or strikes against Iran .
The 9/11 attacks , about which Taliban knew nothing , supplied the pretext to invade Afghanistan .
The initial US operation had the legitimate objective of wiping out Osama bin Laden ’s al - Qaida .
But after its 300 members fled to Pakistan , the US stayed on , built bases — which just happened to be adjacent to the planned pipeline route — and installed former UNOCAL " consultant " Hamid Karzai as leader .
Washington disguised its energy geopolitics by claiming the Afghan occupation was to fight " Islamic terrorism , " liberate women , build schools , and promote democracy .
Ironically , the Soviets made exactly the same claims when they occupied Afghanistan from 1979 - 1989 .
The cover story for Iraq was weapons of mass destruction , Saddam ’s supposed links to 9/11 , and promoting democracy .
Work will begin on the TAPI once Taliban forces are cleared from the pipeline route by US , Canadian and NATO forces .
As American analyst Kevin Phillips writes , the US military and its allies have become an " energy protection force . "
From Washington ’s viewpoint , the TAPI deal has the added benefit of scuttling another proposed pipeline project that would have delivered Iranian gas and oil to Pakistan and India .
India ’s energy needs are expected to triple over the next decade to 8 billion barrels of oil and 80 million cubic meters of gas daily .
Delhi , which has its own designs on Afghanistan and has been stirring the pot there , is cock - a - hoop over the new pipeline plan .
Russia , by contrast , is grumpy , having hoped to monopolize Central Asian energy exports .
Energy is more important than blood in our modern world .
The US is a great power with massive energy needs .
Domination of oil is a pillar of America ’s world power .
Afghanistan and Iraq are all about control of oil .
Eric Margolis Archives
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
John McCain has long been a major player in a radical militaristic group driven by an ideology of global expansionism and dominance attained through perpetual , pre-emptive , unilateral , multiple wars .
The credo of this group is “ the end justifies the means , ” and the end of establishing the United States as the world ’s sole superpower justifies , in its estimation , anything from military control over the information on the Internet to the use of genocidal biological weapons .
Over its two terms , the George W. Bush administration has planted the seeds for this geopolitical master plan , and now appears to be counting on the McCain administration , if one comes to power , to nurture it .
The Road Map to War
The blueprint for this “ new order ” was drafted in February 1992 , at the end of the George H.W. Bush administration when Defense Department staffers Paul Wolfowitz , I. Lewis Libby and Zalmay Khalilzad , acting under then - Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney , drafted the Defense Planning Guidance ( DPG ) .
This document , also known as the “ Wolfowitz Doctrine , ” was an unofficial , internal document that advocated massive increases in defense spending for purposes of strategic proliferation and buildup of the military in order to establish the pre-eminence of the United States as the world ’s sole superpower .
Advocating pre-emptive attacks with nuclear , chemical or biological weapons , it proclaimed that “ the U.S. must show the leadership necessary to establish and protect a new order that holds the promise of convincing potential competitors that they need not aspire to a greater role or pursue a more aggressive posture to protect their legitimate interests . ”
The document was also quite clear about what should be the United States ’ main objective in the Middle East , especially with regard to Iraq and Iran , which was to “ remain the predominant outside power in the region and preserve U.S. and Western access to the region ’s oil . ”
The Wolfowitz Doctrine was leaked to The New York Times and The Washington Post , which published excerpts from it .
Amid a public outcry , President George H.W. Bush retracted the document , and it was substantially revised .
The original mission of the Wolfowitz Doctrine was not lost , however .
In 1997 , William Kristol and Robert Kagan founded The Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) , a nongovernment political action organization that sought to develop and advocate for the militant , geopolitical tenets contained in the Wolfowitz Doctrine .
PNAC ’s original members included Wolfowitz , Cheney , Khalilzad , Libby , John Bolton , Elliott Abrams , Donald Rumsfeld , William J. Bennett , and other soon - to - be high officers in the Bush administration .
McCain ’s Ties to PNAC
John McCain ’s connection to PNAC can be traced back to before its formation in 1997 .
In fact , he was president of the New Citizenship Project , founded by Kristol in 1994 .
This organization was parent to PNAC , and served as its chief fundraising organ .
McCain also worked cooperatively with PNAC and Wolfowitz in attempting to overthrow the Saddam Hussein regime in Iraq .
In 1998 , he co-sponsored the Iraq Liberation Act — drafted by PNAC — which decreed “ regime change ” in Iraq to be U.S. policy , and which appropriated $ 97 million in U.S. military aid to the Iraqi National Congress ( INC ) .
The INC was a group of anti-Hussein Iraqi militants whose purpose was to instigate a national uprising against Hussein .
It was led by Ahmed Chalabi , the Iraqi informant whose subsequent faulty intelligence — claims that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction and ties to al - Qaida — was used to sell the Iraq war to the American public .
In 2004 , in response to accusations that he deliberately misled U.S. intelligence agencies , Chalabi glibly stated , “ We are heroes in error . ”
McCain also was co-chair ( with Sen. Joseph Lieberman ) of The Committee for the Liberation of Iraq ( CLI ) .
Established by PNAC in late 2002 , this committee continued to finance Chalabi ’s INC with millions of taxpayer dollars , until shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , when it was discontinued .
In 2004 , McCain became a signatory of PNAC , ironically signing on to a PNAC letter condemning Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s foreign policy for its return to the “ rhetoric of militarism and empire . ”
McCain has accordingly been a foot soldier for PNAC from its inception , and , although this organization is no longer in existence , its ideology and its signatories ( many of whom now serve as advisers to the McCain presidential campaign ) are still very much active .
The Master Plan
In September 2000 , prior to the presidential election that year , PNAC carefully formulated its chief tenets in a document called Rebuilding America ’s Defenses ( RAD ) .
This document , which was intended to guide the incoming administration , had a substantial influence on the policies set by the Bush administration and is likely to do the same for a McCain administration if McCain becomes president .
Here are some of the recommendations of the RAD report :
Fighting and winning multiple , simultaneous major wars
Among its core missions was the rebuilding of America ’s defenses sufficient to “ fight and decisively win multiple , simultaneous major theater wars . ”
And it explicitly advocated sending troops into Iraq regardless of whether Saddam Hussein was in power .
According to RAD , “ While the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification , the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein . ”
The RAD report also admonished , “ Iran may well prove as large a threat to U.S. interests in the Gulf as Iraq has .
And even should U.S. - Iranian relations improve , retaining forward - based forces in the region would still be an essential element in U.S. security strategy given the longstanding American interests in the region . ”
Therefore , it had both Iraq and Iran in its sight as zones of multiple , simultaneous major wars for purposes of advancing “ longstanding American interests in the region ” — in particular , its oil .
McCain ’s recent chanting of “ bomb , bomb , bomb ; bomb , bomb Iran ” to the beat of an old Beach Boys tune , his suggestion that the war with Iraq might last 100 years and his recent statement that the war in Afghanistan might also last 100 years — all of these pronouncements are clearly in concert with the PNAC mission to “ fight and decisively win multiple , simultaneous major theater wars . ”
RAD also stressed the need to have additional forces equipped to handle ongoing “ constabulary ” duties such as enforcement of no - fly zones and other operations that fell short of full theater wars .
It claimed that unless the military was so equipped , its ability to fight and win multiple , simultaneous wars would be impaired .
Along these same lines , McCain has recently stated , ” It ’s time to end the disingenuous practice of stating that we have a two - war strategy when we are paying for only a one - war military .
Either we must change our strategy — and accept the risks — or we must properly fund and structure our military . ”
Designing and deploying global missile defense systems
RAD also emphasized , as an additional core value , the need to “ transform U.S. forces to exploit the ‘ revolution in military affairs . ’ ” This included the design and deployment of a global ballistic missile defense system consisting of land - , sea- , air - and space - based components said to be capable of shielding the U.S. and its allies from “ limited strikes ” in the future by “ rogue ” nations such as Iraq , North Korea and Iran .
Along these lines , McCain has maintained that a ballistic missile defense system was “ indispensable ” — even if this meant reneging on the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty of 1972 at the expense of angering the Russians .
Unfortunately , while RAD acknowledged the “ limited ” efficacy of such a weapons system ( presumably because it cannot realistically provide a bulletproof shield , especially against large - scale missile attacks ) , neither it nor McCain addressed the problem that deployment of such a system could be destabilizing :
It could encourage escalation , instead of de-escalation , of ballistic missile arsenals by nations that fear becoming sitting ducks , and might even provoke a pre-emptive strike .
Further , there is still the question of whether the creation of such costly , national defense shields is even technologically feasible .
The use of genocidal biological warfare for political expediency
Not only did RAD advocate the design and deployment of defensive weaponry , it also stressed the updating of conventional offensive weapons including cruise missiles along with stealthy strike aircraft and longer - range Air Force strike aircraft .
But it went further in its offensive posture by envisioning and supporting the use of genotype -specific biological warfare .
According to RAD , “… advanced forms of biological warfare that can ‘ target ’ specific genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of terror to a politically useful tool . ”
In this chilling statement , a double standard is evident .
In the hands of al - Qaida , such genocidal weapons would belong to “ the realm of terror , ” but in those of the U.S. , they would be “ politically useful tools . ”
Rejection of the United Nations
PNAC ’s double standard is also inherent in its rejection of the idea of a cooperative , neutral effort among the nations of the world to address world problems , including the problem of Iraq .
“ Nor can the United States assume a UN - like stance of neutrality , ” states the RAD report .
“ The preponderance of American power is so great and its global interests so wide that it cannot pretend to be indifferent to the political outcome in the Balkans , the Persian Gulf or even when it deploys forces in Africa .
Finally , these missions demand forces basically configured for combat . ”
Accordingly , a McCain administration founded on a PNAC platform of self - interested exercise of force would oppose giving the United Nations any central role in setting and implementing foreign affairs policy .
Control of space and cyberspace
PNAC ’s quest for global domination transcends any literal meaning of the geopolitical , and extends also to the control , rather than the sharing , of outer space .
It also has serious implications for cyber freedom .
Thus the RAD report states , “ Much as control of the high seas — and the protection of international commerce — defined global powers in the past , so will control of the new ‘ international commons ’ be a key to world power in the future .
An America incapable of protecting its interests or that of its allies in space or the ‘ infosphere ’ will find it difficult to exert global political leadership .
…
Access to and use of cyberspace and the Internet are emerging elements in global commerce , politics and power .
Any nation wishing to assert itself globally must take account of this other new ‘ global commons . ’ “
There is a difference between protecting the Internet from a cyber attack and controlling it .
The former is defensive while the latter is offensive .
But RAD also advocated going on the offensive .
It stated that “ an offensive capability could offer America ’s military and political leaders an invaluable tool in disabling an adversary in a decisive manner . ”
However , state control of cyberspace for political purposes can have serious implications for the Fourth Amendment right to privacy .
The Bush administration has already engaged in mass illegal spying on the phone and e-mail messages of millions of Americans through its National Security Agency ( NSA ) surveillance program .
As a result of copying these messages and depositing them into an NSA computer database , it began to assemble a massive “ Total Information Awareness ” computer network .
The FBI has also begun to develop and integrate such personal data with a biometric database that includes digital iris prints and facial images .
Combine this with other computerized databases including credit card information , banking records and health files , and the result is an incredible ability to exercise power and control over anyone deemed by a political leader to be an “ adversary ” — including journalists , political opponents and others who might not see eye to eye with the administration .
In concert with the PNAC mission of control over cyberspace , McCain has supported making warrantless spying on American citizens legal .
When asked if he believed that Bush ’s warrantless surveillance program was legal , McCain responded , “ You know , I do n’t think so , but why not come to Congress ?
We can sort this out . …
I think they will get that authority , whatever is reasonable and needed , and increased abilities to monitor communications are clearly in order . ”
Consistent with his conviction that such extended powers should be granted to the president , McCain has also recently voted for Senate Bill S.2248 , which vacates substantial civil liberties protections included in the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
In contrast to the 1978 FISA , S.2248 would allow the president , acting through the attorney general , to spy on the phone and e-mail communications of Americans without individual court warrants or the need to judicially show probable cause .
Despite the fact that McCain has said that Bush ’s NSA spying program was not legal , he has also supported granting retroactive legal immunity to the telecommunication companies ( such as AT&T and Verizon ) that helped Bush illegally spy on millions of Americans .
This means that he has openly admitted that the Bush administration acted unlawfully in eavesdropping on Americans ’ phone and e-mail messages , while at the same time opted for taking away their legal right to redress this violation .
And this unequivocally means that McCain is prepared to allow executive authority to trump the rule of law .
Meet the McCain Team
Given John McCain ’s firm allegiance to the core missions of PNAC , it should come as no surprise that many of the old PNAC guard have shown up as foreign policy advisers in McCain ’s current presidential campaign , and are likely re-emerge as high officials in his administration if he becomes president .
Here are snapshots of some of these potential members of a McCain Cabinet , giving their PNAC profiles , their advisory capacities in the McCain 2008 presidential campaign , and their politics .
William Kristol
Editor and founder of Washington - based political magazine , Weekly Standard .
PNAC co-founder .
Foreign policy adviser .
Has consistently been wrong in his foreign policy analyses regarding Iraq .
For example , on March 5 , 2003 , he stated , “ I think we ’ll be vindicated when we discover the weapons of mass destruction and when we liberate the people of Iraq . ”
Robert Kagan
Served in State Department in Reagan administration on Policy Planning Staff .
PNAC co-founder .
Foreign policy adviser .
Has defended global expansionism by claiming it is an American tradition : “ Americans ’ belief in the possibility of global transformation — the ‘ messianic ’ impulse — is and always has been the more dominant strain in the nation ’s character . ”
Randy Scheunemann
Former adviser to Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
Co-director and executive director of Committee for Liberation of Iraq .
Defense and foreign policy coordinator .
With regard to recent National Intelligence Estimate finding that Iran discontinued its nuclear weapons program in 2003 , stated “ a careful reading of the NIE indicates that it is misleading . ”
And he claimed that the NIE harmed our efforts to achieve a “ greater diplomatic consensus ” to crack down on Iran .
James Woolsey
Director of CIA , Clinton administration , 1993 - 1995 .
( Reported to have met only twice with Clinton during time as CIA chief . )
PNAC signatory .
Energy and national security adviser .
Speaking to a group of college students in 2003 about Iraq , he stated that “ … the United States is engaged in World War IV . ”
Described the Cold War as the third world war .
Then said , “ This fourth world war , I think , will last considerably longer than either World Wars I or II did for us .
Hopefully not the full four - plus decades of the Cold War . ”
John R. Bolton
Former U.S. ambassador to U.N. ( Nomination to U.N. rejected by Senate , but George W. Bush put him in place on a recess appointment .
Name floated for possible secretary of state for McCain .
PNAC director .
Ardent supporter of McCain for president in 2009 .
Publicly derided the United Nations :
In 1994 , he stated “ there is no United Nations .
There is an international community that occasionally can be led by the only real power left in the world , and that ’s the United States , when it suits our interest , and when we can get others to go along . ”
Advocates attacking Iran .
Robert B. Zollick
President , World Bank .
PNAC signatory .
Announced in 2006 he would be joining McCain presidential campaign for domestic and foreign policy but instead replaced Wolfowitz as president of World Bank in 2007 .
Has touted virtues of corporate globalization under the rubric of “ comprehensive free trade . ”
But as Kevin Watkins , head researcher for Oxfan , stated , he pays no heed to the effects of the “ blind pursuit of US economic and corporate special interests ” on the world ’s poor .
Gary Schmitt
American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research ( home to other PNAC members including Wolfowitz and Pearle . )
PNAC director .
Foreign policy adviser .
Defended warrantless eavesdropping on Americans by claiming that Constitution “ created a unitary chief executive .
That chief executive could , in times of war or emergency , act with the decisiveness , dispatch and , yes , secrecy , needed to protect the country and its citizens . ”
Richard L. Armitage
Former deputy secretary of state in George W. Bush administration .
PNAC signatory .
Foreign policy adviser .
By his own admission , was responsible for leaking CIA agent Valerie Plame ’s CIA identity to the press .
Allegedly involved in Iran - Contra affair during Reagan administration .
Max Boot
Council on Foreign Relations .
PNAC signatory .
Foreign policy adviser .
Stating that U.S. should “ unambiguously … embrace its imperial role , ” has advocated attacking other Middle East countries in addition to Iraq and Iran , including Syria .
Said McCain ’s “ bellicose aura ” could “ scare the snot out of our enemies , ” who “ would be more afraid to mess with him ” than with other then - potential presidential candidates .
Henry A. Kissinger
President Nixon ’s secretary of state .
Embraces expansionist power politics .
Consultant .
Played major role in secret bombings of Cambodia during Nixon administration as well as having had alleged involvement in covert assassination plots and human rights violations in Latin America .
What ’s in Store for Us if McCain Becomes President
That McCain has surrounded himself with such like - minded advisers who support the narrow PNAC agenda speaks to his unwillingness to hear and consider alternative perspectives .
In fact , six out of 10 civilian foreign advisers to McCain are PNAC veterans .
Even the newly appointed deputy communications director of the McCain campaign , Michael Goldfard , has been a research associate for PNAC .
A die - hard adherent of the “ unitary authority ” of the chief executive , he recently stated that the framers of the United States Constitution advocated an “ executive with near dictatorial power in pursuing foreign policy and war . ”
Add to this list other major PNAC figures such as Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Pearle , Zalmay Khalilzad , and Dick Cheney who would probably play a significant role in a McCain administration and it is clear in what direction this nation would be moving .
A McCain administration would be likely to :
Invest incredible amounts of money in sustaining multiple , simultaneous wars overseas at the expense of neglecting pressing concerns at home , including the economy , health care , the environment and education .
Stockpile nuclear weapons , while seeking to prohibit its adversaries from having them .
Attempt to shield the U.S. with a multilayered missile defense system based on land , at sea , in the air and in space , while demanding that nations that are not its allies become sitting ducks .
Strive to develop more potent chemical and biological weapons — not to mention the genotype - specific variety , while at the same time claiming to be fighting a “ war on terror . ”
Legalize “ Total Information Awareness ” — going through all Americans ’ phone calls , e-mail messages and other personal records without needing probable cause .
Take control of the Internet , globally using it as an offensive political weapon — while claiming to be spreading democracy throughout the world .
Dispense with checks and balances in favor of the “ unitary executive authority ” of the president .
Alienate nations that refuse to join our war coalitions .
Deny that there is ( or can be ) a United Nations .
A McCain administration would rule by fear , perceive right in terms of military might and subscribe to the idea of “ do as I say and not as I do . ”
As a consequence , instead of rebuilding the image of America as a model of justice and civility , it would further sully respect for this nation throughout the world .
Elliot D. Cohen , Ph.D. , is a political analyst and media critic .
His most recent book is “ The Last Days of Democracy : How Big Media and Power - Hungry Government Are Turning America Into a Dictatorship . ”
He was first - prize winner of the 2007 Project Censored Award .
To the day that the programmers start running the asylum .
Carpe Codex !
Apple is ensuring the secondary market success of iPhones by building secure data wipe into the 2.0 version of its software , according to AppleInsider .
Several sources report the Gold Master versions of the software could be released internally at Apple and possibly to developers as early as Friday .
Citing “ People familiar with the beta versions of iPhone Software v2.0 , ” the AppleInsider report says the upcoming release will employ a more foolproof method of erasing all personal data and settings from an iPhone .
As is the case with the existing version of iPhone software , the function will be accessible by selecting Settings > General > Reset > Erase All Contents and Settings .
Unlike today ’s iPhone software the revised function will wipe data in similar fashion to the “ Secure Empty Trash ” function of Mac OS X , by which all data is deleted , unlinked , and then overwritten several times to make it irretrievable by even the savviest of recovery tools .
This feature should be welcome to anyone looking to sell their first - gen iPhone and upgrade to the 3G model , as well as to those who will follow the same path with subsequent iterations of the phone .
The caveat is that the new method will take considerably longer than the method available by the current software version , but time seems a small price to pay for piece of mind .
Shorpy members who are Patreon contributors now get an ad - free experience !
( Mostly -- there 's still an ad above the comments . )
Click here for details or to sign up .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The price of petroleum will continue to rise because of ethanol , the weak dollar and political tensions , the oil cartel 's president was quoted as saying Sunday .
" The price of oil will rise again in the coming weeks , " Chakib Khelil -- the Algerian energy minister and currently president of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries -- said in an interview with an Algerian newspaper .
" We have to follow the evolution of the dollar , because a 1 % fall in the dollar means $ 4 more on the price of oil . "
Of course , we all know that while men and women are both capable of cheating , it ’s often the guys who have the biggest problem keeping their belts firmly buckled .
And we all know that no matter who it ’s with , why it ’s done , or where the after - hours canoodling takes place , cheating is - most of the time - the ultimate relationship death sentence .
But instead of dwelling on what happens after the cheating takes place , one of the ways to perhaps prevent infidelity is by knowing a little bit about why men stray .
I ’m not offering them as excuses , merely explanations as to what happens in that brain ( and other body parts ) of his - in hopes that you might be able to prevent it .
Here , the top reasons why men cheat :
Posted under , , ,
The Genetics study focused on bees : specifically , the gene that renders worker bees sterile .
In evolutionary terms , reproduction is everything , and an animal that cannot reproduce might as well have never lived at all .
A gene that causes infertility , the study says , could only have evolved if genes are selfish , as a sterile bee increases the chances of its fertile sister bees passing on their shared genetic material at the expense of ever reproducing itself .
By helping the hive as a whole to pass on its genes in general , the sterile bees make the ultimate evolutionary sacrifice , in service to their genes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Scientists at the University of Florida have created the world 's largest hurricane simulator , which is capable of producing hurricane force winds .
It is hoped it will make the homes of millions of people safer .
Andy Gallacher reports
The Clinton campaign began a concerted effort over the weekend to try to “ set the record straight ” and contain the damage from Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s comments Friday about Robert F. Kennedy .
In a letter to The Daily News , published Sunday , Mrs. Clinton said her remarks had been taken entirely out of context .
Her aides also said that the news media and the campaign of Senator Barack Obama were partly responsible for fanning the flames .
The Clinton campaign was knocked back on its heels by the swift and negative reaction to her comments that she should not be pushed out of the race , in part , she said , because other candidates had campaigned into June .
A cash advance loan or better known as a payday loan is a small loan that is given to meet your immediate financial needs .
Payday loans can be very useful but mismanagement of the funds can lead to debt .
Here are some tips from Cashco Financial on how to pay down this type of loan .
Payday loans must be repaid from your next pay , within a month ( that is why it is called a payday loan ) .
In most cases , the lender will ask you to link their company to your advchecking account so that when you receive your next pay , they can deduct their cash advance loan from it .
How to parry down a cash advance payday loan
Knowing how to pay off these loans is very essential .
Otherwise , there is a good chance that you will end up paying more than you are obliged for .
So first , understand how payday loans work .
Do n’t forget that the payday loan company may apply late fees if you do n’t pay the loan on time .
Rollover rates may also apply if you request an extension to the pay date .
Read the fine print carefully – Some agreements allow the payday loan company to extend the due date of the loan without taking the customer ’s consent .
This may sound good to hear but it can cause you to inadvertently accumulate debt .
So before you sign or accept any document , go through it carefully .
At least then if you sign on the dotted line , you will know what you are in for .
Do n’t forget to make a budget –
You are going to have to pay the money one way or another .
If you have a budget in place , it will become easier to pay off the loan .
It will also help you avoid paying late fees .
Here are some tips .
Consider cooking at home until you have paid the loan off .
Rent DVDs instead of going to the theater .
This way you will also save on snack prices .
Find your own ways to save money .
Pay the loan off on your next payday – Decide that you are going to pay the loan back when you get your next pay .
Do n’t make any large purchases until then .
Remember why you took the loan and use the money for that only .
Finally , make sure your account has enough money by the time the loan becomes due .
Prepare for future financial exigencies – For sure , you are going to be short of money in the future .
So prepare for it before it comes to that .
Open a separate emergency account and keep putting small amounts into it for urgent financial needs .
Finally , restrict your payday loan amount .
If you take more than you know you will be able to pay back , you are just setting yourself up for default .
So limit the amount .
Do n’t forget you have to pay the interest too , which can be a substantial amount by itself .
So pay the loan back in full when you get your next paycheck .
If you do n’t , you are going to accrue debt and that is not good for you in any scenario .
If you are unable to pay in full , make sure that you authorize the deductions ( if you have given the company access to your salary account ) .
Otherwise , they will take as much as they can .
Six - and - a- half minutes .
Six - and - a- half minutes for two men to try to stop a father from beating “ the demons ” out of his two - year - old son in the middle of a dark country road .
Six - and - a- half minutes for a young woman to crouch in her car and watch in helpless shock .
Six - and - a- half minutes for a police officer to land in a helicopter , run across a cow pasture , and shoot the man squarely in the forehead .
Six - and - a- half minutes of horror .
“ It seemed like forever , ” said Lisa Mota , 23 , who was driving to her parents ’ house when she came upon the scene after 10 p.m. Saturday .
“ I need to get this out of my head and I do n’t think it will be for the rest of my life . ”
On Monday , all that ’s left of the violence is blood seeping into the cracks of West Bradbury Road , just outside the Central Valley town of Turlock .
Parents and children came and went all day placing ceramic angels and stuffed animals along the barbed wire fence .
One white teddy bear held a heart that said , “ Besos y Abrazos . ”
It means kisses and hugs .
“ The terrible man got to die in an instant , but his baby had to suffer endlessly , ” said Joel Arana , 36 , a father of a toddler who stopped by to pay his respects .
“ It ’s not right .
But God will take care of it . ”
The man has been identified by police as Sergio Casian Aguiar , 27 .
He and his wife had been separated .
In an interview with detectives Monday , Frances Liliana Casian said she did n’t know why Aguiar would do such a thing .
He had no police record and she did n’t know of any mental illness , said Deputy Royjindar Singh , a spokesman for the Stanislaus County Sheriff ’s Department .
A toxicology test for drugs and alcohol is under way .
As news of the roadside beating spread across the country , letters of support and thanks poured in for the pilot who landed the helicopter in the dark cow pasture and the Modesto police officer who shot Aguiar .
“ That baby needed help and I knew we had to do something , ” the pilot , Sheriff ’s Deputy Rob Latapie said in a statement .
“ I have never seen anything like that before and I hope I never have to again , ” said Officer Jerry Ramar , who fired the fatal shot .
Three cars stopped on the darkened lane that night .
Three 911 calls were placed .
And two men who happened upon this scene defied their fears of what this man was capable of , what weapons he might have , and tried to save a child .
It was n’t enough .
Dan Robinson , chief of the Crows Landing volunteer fire department , was driving home Saturday night with his wife and two grown children when their headlights shined on a man standing behind a parked pickup truck , which was in the next lane , facing oncoming traffic .
At first , they thought maybe it was a hunter with a dead animal .
“ As they slowed down , someone noticed it was an infant , ” Singh said .
“ He stopped , backed up and the dad got out . ”
It ’s unclear when the beating began , but the first 911 call came at just after 10:13 p.m .
It was from someone named Mike , who may be Robinson ’s son , Singh said .
He gave just a brief description before the cell phone went dead .
By then , Robinson had confronted Aguiar and “ was trying to get him to stop , trying to pull him off , or away from the baby , ” Singh said .
“ The suspect just pushed him away and continued doing what he was doing . ”
A minute later , at 10:14 p.m. , a pickup truck with three people in their 20s pulled up , facing Aguiar ’s truck .
One of them called 911 .
A young man , who Singh has n’t identified , jumped out and ran to help Robinson .
“ It was the shock of seeing what was going on , seeing this person with hands bloodied , ” said Singh , who was on the scene as the witnesses were interviewed .
“ At first they were n’t sure how to react .
You walk upon that scene and you see it and it ’s like , ‘ What are you doing ? ’
It ’s like , “ What the heck are you doing ? ’ “
The two men wrestled with Aguiar , trying to get him to stop , trying to pull him away from the baby .
But Aguiar , with the child in his arm , kept attacking the toddler , “ punching , slapping , shaking , ” Singh said .
Robinson told reporters that “ there was a total hollowness in his eyes , ” and Aguiar said he was beating “ the demons ” out of the boy .
At 10:17 , Mike called 911 again .
At 10:19 , the sheriff ’s helicopter that had been patrolling the area shined its spotlight on the scene , then landed in the cow pasture .
Officer Ramar jumped out , Singh said , and ran about 30 yards to the electrified fence that keeps the cows in and ordered the man to stop .
By this time , Aguiar had the child on the ground and was stomping on him .
“ Put your hands up .
Step away from the baby , ” Ramar called out , according to Singh .
Instead , Singh said , Aguiar raised his middle finger and began to kick the toddler lying on the roadway .
At 10:20 , Ramar aimed his gun and fired .
Aguiar died at the scene .
Two deputies rushed to the child and performed CPR , but the boy remained limp .
He was pronounced dead at the local hospital .
At 10:30 , Singh arrived .
The night was cool and clear .
The only lights came from the headlights of the cars that had stopped to help and the flashing reds and blues of police vehicles .
It was still so dark , Singh could n’t even see the helicopter in the pasture .
But he saw the deputies who tried to revive the child , the police officer who shot the man , and the witnesses who tried to help .
They all were consoling each other , he said .
“ I know how they were feeling , ” he said .
“ It ’s like you wish you could have done more . ”
PORT WASHINGTON , N.Y. ( MarketWatch ) --
Which is worse , wages that keep up with inflation or wages that do n't ?
Nowadays , a lot of comparisons are being made to the 1970s .
This is because the U.S. economy is once again in the throes of stagflation .
The combination of little or no growth ( stagnation ) and rapidly rising prices ( inflation ) , the term stagflation was first coined by Iain Macleod , the chancellor of the exchequer , in a speech to the House of Commons in 1965 .
He said , " We now have the worst of both worlds -- not just inflation on one side or stagnation on the other , but both of them together ... sort of a stagflation situation . "
At first glance , it does appear to be déjà vu all over again .
The economy has barely grown over the past six months , leading to falling employment and a jump in the jobless rate .
Meanwhile , consumer prices are up nearly 4 % over the past year with energy , food and health care -- the mainstays of most households -- rising several times faster .
Not surprisingly , inflation psychology has begun to heat up .
As I reported two weeks ago , consumers now expect prices to rise a whopping 5.2 % over the next year -- the most since the bad old days of 1982 .
See May 26 column
But are they doing anything about it , such as buying in advance or demanding higher wages ?
The answer , from what I can tell , is no .
Hoarding is impractical for most .
In the case of goods like food or energy , most have no room ; in the case of services such as health care , they can't .
And , of course , their buying power is falling because wages are not keeping up with the jump in prices .
Now there are some who console themselves that wages are still rising at a modest pace .
They maintain that the lack of a wage - price spiral suggests that little or no growth will eventually overwhelm inflation and cause many prices to rise more slowly , if at all .
Others , however , regard this more ominously .
And this is where I come down .
I remember that back in the 1970s , when the 1973 - 74 oil shock forced price inflation into double - digits ( 10 % or more ) , it was not uncommon for employers to give their workers pay hikes equaling or exceeding the rate of inflation .
Along with more comprehensive medical care and employer - financed defined - benefit pensions , this enabled those who held onto their jobs to maintain their buying power .
Today , on the other hand , raises are more like 2 - 4 % -- and I do n't have to tell you what 's happened to such fringe benefits as medical care , pensions and the like .
Keep in mind , also , that unlike the 1970s , corporate America has gone through several waves of employment reductions .
Whether triggered by increased productivity , mergers or by the lure of lower labor costs overseas , the social contract between employers and employees is not what it used to be .
This has made workers more quiescent , when it comes to asking for enough of a raise to keep up with inflation .
Thus in lieu of wage inflation , we have wage deflation .
And given that consumers account for over two - thirds of economic activity , this does not bode well for the economic outlook .
Reshaping of the DNA scaffolding that supports and controls the expression of genes in the brain may play a major role in the alcohol withdrawal symptoms , particularly anxiety , that make it so difficult for alcoholics to stop using alcohol .
DNA can undergo changes in function without any changes in inheritance or coded sequence .
These " epigenetic " changes are minor chemical modifications of chromatin -- dense bundles of DNA and proteins called histones .
" This is the first time anyone has looked for epigenetic changes related to chromatin remodeling in the brain during alcohol addiction , " said Dr. Subhash C. Pandey , professor and director of neuroscience alcoholism research at the UIC College of Medicine and the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center in Chicago , the lead author of the study .
Chemical modification of histones can change the way DNA and histones are wound up together .
Histone acetyltransferases ( HATs ) are enzymes that add acetyl groups to histones and loosen the packing , promoting gene expression .
On the other hand , histone deacetylases ( HDACs ) remove acetyl groups from histones , causing them to wrap with DNA more tightly , decreasing gene expression .
The UIC researchers had previously shown in an animal model that levels of neuropeptide Y in the amygdala modulate anxiety and alcohol - drinking behavior .
In the new study , they looked at the HDAC activity , acetylation of histones , and expression of the genes for NPY in the amygdala and the anxiety - like behaviors associated with withdrawal from chronic alcohol use .
Pandey and his colleagues found that acute exposure to alcohol decreases HDAC activity ; increases the acetylation histones ; increases levels of NPY -- and reduced anxiety in the animals .
Conversely , anxiety - like behaviors during withdrawal in animals with chronic alcohol exposure was associated with an increase in HDAC activity and decrease in histones acetylation and NPY levels .
Importantly , blocking the observed increase in HDAC activity using an HDAC inhibitor during alcohol withdrawal brought up histone acetylation and NPY expression levels in the amygdala and prevented the development of anxiety - like behaviors .
" Our findings suggest that HDAC inhibitors may have potential as therapeutic agents in treating alcoholism , " Pandey said .
The researchers also found that levels of a protein known as CREB binding protein , which has HAT enzymatic activity , were increased by acute alcohol but were decreased during ethanol withdrawal .
They concluded that the enzymes that are involved in remodeling of chromatin play an important role in the anxiety that accompanies alcohol withdrawal as well as in the anti-anxiety effects of acute alcohol use .
" We need new strategies to treat alcoholism that are directed toward the prevention of withdrawal symptoms , " Pandey said .
" Anxiety associated with withdrawal from alcohol abuse is a key factor in the maintenance of alcohol addiction . "
The finding is reported by researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago and the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center in the April 2 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience .
The research was supported by grants from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism and the Department of Veteran Affairs .
Rajesh Ugale , Huaibo Zhang , Lei Tang and Anand Prakash of UIC and the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center also contributed to the study .
Royal Navy warships have intercepted 23 tonnes of drugs that defence officials believe were being used to fund Taliban forces fighting British troops in Afghanistan .
New figures reveal that seizures in the so - called ' hash highway ' - the shipping lanes used by narcotics barons in the Gulf - have increased over the past five months with Navy interceptions accounting for more than 70 per cent of the total found .
Drugs seized by the frigates Chatham and Montrose and the destroyer Edinburgh include tens of millions of pounds ' worth of hashish , opiates , cocaine and amphetamines .
The commander of Royal Navy forces in the region , Commodore Keith Winstanley , said : ' The scourge of illegal drugs is a vital source of funding for the Taliban warlords who seek violence against Afghan , British and Nato forces .
Our mission in Afghanistan is one of absolute importance , and by seizing these drugs we have dealt a significant blow to the illegal trade . '
Some estimates indicate that hashish accounts for half the profits from the drug trade in the region .
The United Nations world drug report estimates that addiction rates have almost tripled in the Arab world .
LifeLock 's spokesperson Todd Davis had his identifty stolen !
Apparently , a guy in Texas borrowed $ 500 from a payday advance company that did not use any of the 3 major credit bureaus to verify his identity .
So , when the company called his wife to collect the overdue payment , were n't they surprised !
LifeLock is a company that specializes in protecting your credit from fraud , so you can see where this was bad news !
Several people have filed lawsuits against LifeLock for misrepresentation of the services .
However , lest we forget that Todd Davis * ADVERTISED * his social security number to practically the whole world , and only had this one incident ?
For $ 500 ?
He probably makes that much during breakfast ( for the sacrifices he 's made to the company , like advertising his social security number to the world ) .
Were you wondering how he could confidently and overtly advertise his real social security number on TV , on billboards , through a bullhorn on the streets of New York , and other ostentatious means of giving out the one number any normal person does n't want advertised ?
There are ways of protecting your credit that are pretty sound .
Advertising it to everyone is n't one of them !
Also , you do n't have to give your hard earned cash to a company to do it for you .
If you 're thinking it 's not worth the hassle , it 's actually very easy and you 're just a few clicks away from doing it .
Besides , some of the things I 'm going to show you how to do , you 'de have to do with LifeLock at least once ( during setup ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Anyone caught carrying a knife without a good excuse should expect to go to prison , Tory leader David Cameron says .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has argued that anyone over 16 caught with an illegal knife should be prosecuted , rather than escaping with a caution .
But Mr Cameron says the presumption should go further - so anyone convicted of carrying a knife should be jailed .
Jack Straw says ministers will review sentencing guidelines on knife crime when they come into force on 4 August .
Currently , about a third of those found with offensive weapons receive only a caution or final warning .
' No excuse '
The Conservative leader spoke out at the launch of his party 's campaign in the Glasgow East by - election , which he dubbed " the broken society by - election " .
There have been a number of high - profile knife murders in London recently ; 19 young people have met a violent death so far this year .
The latest victim , 14 - year - old David Idowu , died on Monday three weeks after being stabbed in south - east London .
According to Home Office figures , 17 % of people prosecuted for carrying a knife went to prison in 2006 , compared with 6 % in 1996 .
The average sentence length has increased by almost a third over the same period .
ON THE WAY WE LIVE Knives have become political weapons .
No politician wants to be accused of complacency , so rhetoric trumps analysis .
Mark Easton , BBC home editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full Youth dies weeks after stabbing Mr Cameron said knife crime was a problem of " epidemic proportions " in the UK .
" We have to send a clear message that carrying a knife on our streets is completely inexcusable and unacceptable in a civilised society , " he said .
" So we 're proposing that anyone convicted of knife crime should expect to go to jail .
I do n't believe the government 's presumption to prosecute is enough .
It does n't send a strong enough signal .
We need a presumption to prison . "
He urged police to exercise " common sense " by not prosecuting people carrying penknives for angling , or for bringing home kitchen or garden equipment from the shops .
" This is about kitchen knives stuffed down the front of tracksuits , " he told The Sun .
" We 're talking about mainly young people carrying knives as part of a culture .
That culture has to stop . "
In his speech , Mr Cameron claimed society had become " far too sensitive " about what was good and bad or right or wrong behaviour .
He argued that in the Glasgow East poll , Tories would make it their " mission " to repair the broken society - " to heal the wounds of poverty , crime , social disorder and deprivation that are steadily making this country a grim and joyless place to live for far too many people " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
Send us your comments
The guidelines for magistrates in England and Wales say people caught in possession of a bladed article or offensive weapon may be given a fine or community order if the weapon " is n't used to threaten or cause fear " .
Mr Straw , the justice secretary , said there was an " overwhelming case " for all hospitals to collect anonymous data on injuries caused by knives and other weapons .
An Independent on Sunday suggests almost 14,000 people a year have become victims of knife attacks in Britain and there has been a massive rise in hospital admissions .
Straw 's son ' mugged '
At the moment gunshot wounds have to be reported to police , but stab wounds do not .
In an attempt to play down fears of a knife crime " epidemic " , Mr Straw pointed to a survey of accident and emergency departments by Cardiff University which suggested that the number of people needing treatment for injuries caused by serious violence was falling .
The survey , published in April , does not , however , break down injuries by weapon used .
Mr Straw suggested that knife crime had always been a problem in certain urban areas , recollecting that one of his sons was mugged at knife - point on his way back from school in London in 1991 .
Chris Huhne , the Lib Dems home affairs spokesman , accused the Conservatives of " posturing " on knife crime penalties .
" The issue is not the toughness of penalties , the issue is whether or not we catch the people who are carrying knives and using them , " he said .
A Ministry of Justice spokesman said : " The government takes tackling knife crime very seriously .
One knife crime is one too many .
It is crucial that public have confidence in sentencing , particularly around this critical issue . "
He added that the minimum age at which someone could be sold a knife had risen from 16 to 18 and the maximum sentence for carrying one had doubled to four years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Santa Ana , CA – Broadcom co-founder and former CEO Henry T. Nicholas was arrested this week on drug and conspiracy charges stemming from his penchant for Ecstasy , prostitutes , and cash .
But the F.B.I is n’t the only was who wants to see justice .
“ Maybe now I ’ll be able to collect those late fees , ” said Adelaide Griswold , Director of Library Services for the Orange County library system .
According to Griswold , Nicholas racked up over $ 600 in fines on titles such as Success Without Scars : Business Tips From Tony Montana , Handling Whores for Dummies , and Underground Fortresses : A Drafter ’s Guide .
Some volumes , such as Insider ’s Guide to Accounting for Stock Options , were simply never returned .
“ The books Mr. Nicholas checked out always came back dusty , ” said Griswold .
“ I never could figure out why such a wealthy man would have so much white dust in his home . ”
As for the outstanding borrowed books , library authorities will work closely with the F.B.I and local police to recover them .
Fines in arrears are also sought .
As of June 6 , 2008 , Nicholas ’ library card has been officially flagged .
A modern illustration shows how Eratosthenes actually calculated the circumference of the Earth .
Courtesy NOAA Ocean Service Education __240 B.C. : __Greek astronomer , geographer , mathematician and librarian Eratosthenes calculates the Earth 's circumference .
His data was rough , but he was n't far off .
Eratosthenes was an all - around guy , a Renaissance man centuries before the Renaissance .
Some contemporaries called him Pentathalos , a champion of multiple skills .
The breadth of his knowledge made him a natural for the post of librarian of the library of Alexandria , Egypt , the greatest repository of classical knowledge .
His detractors , however , mocked Eratosthenes as a jack - of - all - trades and master of none .
They called him Beta , because he came in second in every category .
Envy ?
Perhaps .
He invented the Sieve of Eratosthenes , an algorithm for finding prime numbers still used in modified form today .
He sketched the course of the Nile from the sea to Khartoum , and he correctly predicted that the source of the great , life - giving river would be found in great upland lakes .
Eratosthenes knew that at noon on the day of the summer solstice , the sun was observed to be directly overhead at Syene ( modern - day Aswan ) :
You could see it from the bottom of a deep well , and a sundial cast no shadow .
Yet , to the north at Alexandria , a sundial cast a shadow even at the solstice midday , because the sun was not directly overhead there .
Therefore , the Earth must be round – already conventionally believed by the astronomers of his day .
What 's more , if one assumed the sun to be sufficiently far away to be casting parallel rays at Syene and Alexandria , it would be possible to figure out the Earth 's circumference .
Eratosthenes computed the shadow in Alexandria to be 1/50 of a full 360 - degree circle .
He then estimated the distance between the two locations and multiplied by 50 to derive the circumference .
Of course , his measurements were slightly off .
Alexandria was not due north of Syene , but 2 degrees of longitude off .
Syene was not precisely on the Tropic of Cancer but 39 minutes of latitude north of it .
The distance between the cities was an estimate .
The Earth is not a perfect sphere , but an oblate spheroid flattened at the poles .
And we do n't know today the exact size of the measurement unit Eratosthenes was using when he came up with the final figure of 252,000 stades .
( We know he knew it was just a rough estimate , because he adjusted his initial number of 250,000 upward by 2,000 – or 0.8 percent – to make it divisible by 60 or 360 for easy computation . )
So how big is 252,000 stades ?
Depending on which classical source you trust , it 's somewhere between 24,663 and 27,967 miles .
The accepted figure for equatorial circumference today is 24,902 miles .
Pretty darn good for a guy without modern measurement tools .
Eratosthenes went further and computed the tilt of the Earth 's axis to within a degree .
He also deduced the length of the year as 365¼ days .
He suggested that calendars should have a leap day every fourth year , an idea taken up two centuries later by Julius Caesar .
Grade - school tales aside , it was thus known long before Columbus that the Earth was round and even how big it is , approximately .
But it was just not widely known among the masses in 15th - century Europe .
One reason is that Eratosthenes ' very own library of Alexandria had been destroyed , and there was no complete backup of its data .
Source : Cartographic Images , others
June 19 , 1939 : Dreaded ALS Gets a New Name — Lou Gehrig 's Disease
Feb. 29 , 45 B.C. : Julius Caesar Takes the Leap
Wired Science : Astronomers Make 5 - Gigapixel Image of Milky Way
Don Boudreaux thinks we should forget about Earth Day and celebrate Capitalism
Day today :
Before refrigeration , people ran enormous risks of ingesting deadly bacteria whenever they ate meat or dairy products .
Refrigeration has dramatically reduced the bacteria pollution that constantly haunted our pre-twentieth - century forebears .
We wear clean clothes ; our ancestors wore foul clothes .
Pre - industrial humans had no washers , dryers , or sanitary laundry detergent .
Clothes were worn day after day without being washed .
And when they were washed , the detergent was often made of urine .
Our bodies today are much cleaner .
Sanitary soap is dirt cheap ( so to speak ) , as is clean water from household taps .
The result is that , unlike our ancestors , we moderns bathe frequently .
Not only was soap a luxury until just a few generations ago , but because nearly all of our pre-industrial ancestors could afford nothing larger than minuscule cottages , there were no bathrooms ( and certainly no running water ) .
Baths , when taken , were taken in nearby streams , rivers , or ponds , often the same bodies of water used by the farm animals .
Forget about shampoo , clean towels , toothpaste , mouthwash , and toilet tissue .
The interiors of our homes are immaculate compared to the squalid interiors of almost all pre-industrial dwellings .
These dwellings ’ floors were typically just dirt , which made the farm animals feel right at home when they wintered in the house with humans .
Of course , there was no indoor plumbing .
Nor were there household disinfectants , save sunlight .
Unfortunately , because pre-industrial window panes were too expensive for ordinary families and because screens are an invention of the industrial age , sunlight and fresh air could be let into these cottages only by letting in insects too .
MARACAIBO , July 13 ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Sunday oil prices could hit $ 300 per barrel if U.S. oil company Exxon Mobil again freezes Venezuelan assets in a dispute over a nationalized oil project .
Exxon XOM .N won court orders freezing $ 12 billion in assets held by Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA after the OPEC nation took over a multi-billion dollar oil project , heightening tensions with the United States and helping to raise oil prices .
A London court later overturned Exxon ’s temporary asset freeze , but Chavez said the company could seek further action against Venezuela .
“ If they freeze us there will be no more oil for the United States , and the price will go to $ 300 , ” Chavez said during a televised meeting with Caribbean and Central American leaders as part of an energy cooperation scheme called Petrocaribe .
Chavez also said oil prices were being influenced by a “ speculative bubble ” , the collapse of which could send prices as low as $ 70 per barrel .
This contrasted with his Saturday statements that geopolitical tensions , particularly the threat of an invasion against Iran , could push oil prices to $ 200 per barrel .
“ Years ago I said oil was going to go to $ 100 per barrel , now it looks like it is headed toward $ 200 , ” he said .
( Reporting by Manuel Hernandez , writing by Brian Ellsworth ; Editing by Toni Reinhold )
home My Beautiful Cervix
This site is no longer being maintained .
Please visit beautifulcervix.com for my newly updated site .
Thanks for your curiosity and patience !
We have heard plenty of stories about tasers being harmful or even deadly , but could they also be healthy and heart - friendly ?
Possibly , given new evidence unearthed in the case of one 28 year old man who was tased after he hid from police in lake for 40 minutes then tried to flee the ER when captured .
Because of his stint in the lake and the drugs found in his system , the man 's body temperature had dropped to 89 degrees and his heart fell into atrial fibrillation — a condition where the upper chambers of the heart quiver rather than beat .
Advertisement
After being tased , the electrodes that had been monitoring his condition were re-attached , and it was then that the doctors realized that the patient 's heart had returned its normal rhythm .
Apparently , this is the first time anyone has heard of a taser actually correcting an irregular heartbeat , but the role that the taser played in the patient 's recovery is debatable .
Many believe that it could have occurred as the result of his treatment with a beta blocker , or that it was a simple spontaneous event that occurred with impeccable timing .
[ WSJ ]
( ( ( Holy cow . ) ) )
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
((( If these punk little Turkish guys are in there crowing ,
I wonder who else is in there — and how long they ’ve been there . ) ) )
http://isc.sans.org/diary.html?storyid=4637
Link : SANS Internet Storm Center ; Cooperative Network Security Community – Internet Security – isc .
In the past couple of days , reports have surfaced on the hijacking of the domains for ICANN and IANA attributed to the group NetDevilz .
According to news articles , an ICANN spokesman stated they were unaware of the events .
The total time for the redirection before the entry was corrected was about twenty minutes .
However it will take 24 to 48 hours after the correction to ensure all the DNS entries are updated .
In that time , users were redirected to a site that stated the follow :
“ You think that you control the domains but you do n’t !
Everybody knows wrong .
We control the domains including ICANN !
Do n’t you believe us ?
haha 🙂 ( Lovable Turkish hackers group ) ”
What triggered the changing of the DNS entries has not been disclosed that I have found .
Dancho Danchev ’s blog shows an email address listed in the updated records and note the email address in the entry called " foricann1230@gmail.com " as well as the date they were updated as June 26 .
Regardless of how it happened ( though I ’m sure everyone would like to know ) there is a big concern here .
Nothing on the internet is safe and if this can happen to these folks , it can happen to anyone … .
( ( ( and maybe it already has , in which case they better run to their national government and get some retroactive law enacted . ) ) )
Over the last 24 hours , hordes of Twitter - refugees have been signing up with the microblogging service Identi.ca .
Fed up with the restricted and unpredictable service from Twitter , over the last week or two people have been jumping this way and that : Pownce , Plurk , FriendFeed , and now Identi.ca .
Here 's my Identi.ca stream .
Let 's get something straight up - front .
Identi.ca's in its early stages .
At version 0.4.1 it's not yet added all the features that Twitter has now broken .
A lot of people are jumping on Identi.ca and going away again , muttering " it 's not got X , I 'm off back to Twitter . "
True , but it's not as a Twitter - replacement today that Identi.ca is important .
Here 's why I think Identi.ca counts for more than just being a Twitter clone .
It 's open source
Anybody can help fix it .
Anybody can set up their own Laconica ( the name of the underlying software . )
I 've seen a clutch of posts from developers all offering their advice on fixing Twitter .
With Identi.ca they can just get on and help .
It 's open data
When you sign up for Identi.ca you agree to license your contributions to it under the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution license .
You agree to let others share and remix your output , in return for giving attribution .
The open data ethos is baked into the codebase already .
All output is available in RSS , and you can take your friends with you thanks to the FOAF exports available .
Twitter has millions of VC funding .
Those folks will want a return .
What does Twitter have to make money from ?
You and your content .
Identi.ca gives you control in that situation .
It federates
Federation is one of the most enigmatic and exciting things about Identi.ca .
I can set up my own server running the Laconica software , and still subscribe to people with accounts on Identi.ca 's server .
This is how the XMPP instant messaging protocol works , and it's no surprise to find that XMPP is fundamental to Identi.ca 's operation .
Identi.ca is to Twitter as XMPP is to AIM .
This may finally be the way XMPP breaks out into popular use for developers .
You 've nothing to lose
Because of the commitment to open data , you 've nothing to lose by giving Identi.ca a little spin .
So , head over and make your own account .
I added my RSS output to my Friendfeed page , along with my other output .
Chris Blizzard has already added Identi.ca into whoisi .
The little ripples you make in Identi.ca today can still waft out into your personal publishing pool .
And please , do n't waste time complaining about " it has n't got X " .
In 12 hours I 've already seen Evan Prodromou , its developer , add features and fix bugs .
He 's got an open bug tracker , and listens to feedback .
Right now Evan seems to have his hands full dealing with the thousands of new arrivals , and to his credit , Identi.ca 's still working fine .
Follow me here : identi.ca/edd
By CLAIRE COHEN
Last updated at 00:38 01 May 2008
Imagine walking into a crumbling stone crypt and coming face to face with row upon row of carefully preserved mummies .
It sounds like something out of a horror movie - except this is the macabre sight which greets thousands of tourists in Palermo , Sicily , each year .
A total of 8,000 mummies are housed in niches along the walls of the Capuchin Catacombs .
Hung from hooks by their necks and feet , they wear expensive - looking clothes and their heads hang as if in prayer .
Scroll down for more ...
Dating back to the 16th Century , the catacombs were dug under the Capuchin Monastery when it 's original cemetary had been filled
Some have been posed - two children sit side - by - side in a rocking chair - and men , women , virgins , children , monks and professionals have been separated .
Who are they and how did they get here ?
Dating back to the 16th century , the catacombs were dug under the Capuchin Monastery when it 's original cemetery had been filled .
The first monk to be mummified was Silvestro of Gubbio , who attracted large crowds , with people travelling from all over the region to view - and pay their respects to - his body .
Although the catacombs were originally intended only for the deceased friars of Capuchin ( the same religious order that gave us the cappuccino coffee ) , it soon became apparent that the rich and famous wanted their dead relatives to be buried there as a status symbol .
In fact , some local luminaries altered their wills , asking to be interred in the catacombs , wearing specific clothes which could be changed by their family at regular intervals .
This was a way to preserve status and dignity even in death , by being clothed in the latest fashions and the most expensive cloth ( although monks wore their everyday clothing and any ropes they had worn as penance ) .
It has been rumoured that the body of Spanish painter Velasquez is at Capuchin , but the exact position is unknown .
As well as providing clothing for their deceased , and generally keeping them looking presentable , grieving relatives gave financial donations to the monastery , which helped maintain the catacombs and guarantee their loved one a permanent spot at the site .
If the relatives ceased to pay these contributions , then the body would be removed from its resting place and left on a shelf until more money arrived .
The Sicilians used a unique process of mummification .
Bodies were hung on ceramic pipes in the catacombs , to dry out for up to eight months , before being washed with vinegar and exposed to the open air .
Some were then embalmed , while others were sealed in glass cases .
This remained the method of mummification until the tombs were officially closed in 1871 .
But there are a few bodies that managed to escape notice by the authorities and were placed in the crypt as recently as the beginning of the 20th century .
The Sicilians are proud of their catacombs and place great importance on visiting and praying for their dead .
Indeed , until only a few years ago they were still able to change the clothes of long - deceased family members .
On specific days , they were also permitted to hold the hands of the mummies and join their deceased relatives in prayer , as the Capuchin monks had originally intended over 400 years ago .
The last person to be interred there was a small girl , aged only two , called Rosalia Lombardo , in 1920 .
She reputedly died of pneumonia and was embalmed by a doctor called Alfredo Salafia - the only person in Capuchin capable of doing the embalming .
Her body survives almost entirely intact - from her dark blonde flowing hair to her delicate eyelashes .
Dr Salafia took the secrets of his remarkable embalming process to the grave , but Rosalia Lombardo continues to fascinate the many tourists who visit her .
Businessman who grabbed a thug for smashing a window is charged with assault
Steve Kink faces an assault charge after detaining a suspect
A businessman was stunned when he detained a yob for smashing a shop window only to be charged by police with assault .
Steve Kink apprehended a thug after catching him breaking into a mobile phone shop late at night .
Although the 47 - year - old was punched in the face , he managed to pin the offender to the floor .
Passers - by called the police while he stood over him until officers arrested the 25 - year - old man .
Mr Kink , who owns a tattoo parlour , was stunned when he found out the next day the suspect had been let off with a caution for criminal damage .
But his shock turned to fury when days later police officers turned up at his house to arrest him for assaulting the thug .
He was taken to his local police station and held in a cell for six hours before being interviewed .
He was then charged with assault and battery and is due to appear before magistrates next week .
Mr Kink said he is appalled at the way he is being treated .
He said : ' I thought I was doing the right thing by making a bit of a citizen 's arrest .
All I did was use reasonable force to hold him down .
' The officers who turned up appeared grateful at first but now I am facing an assault charge . '
Mr Kink was sitting in his wife 's town centre bar in Weymouth , Dorset , when he heard a security alarm go off .
He went outside and confronted two men stood near to the Phone Zone store which had a smashed window .
Mr Kink , who is registered disabled following a motorcycle accident 20 years ago , said he was met with a volley of abuse from the pair before being hit .
He said : ' " I accused one of them of smashing the window and he said " ' what the f*** has it got to do with you ? "
' He then took a swing at me and punched me just under my left eye .
I grabbed hold of him and managed to sweep one of his legs from under him and I held him there by putting the toe of my shoe on his shoulder blade .
' There were lots of other people around at this stage and somebody had hold of the other bloke he was with .
When the police arrived I stepped back and he kicked off at them .
When he was put in the police car he tried to kick in the windows . '
A few days later police turned up at Mr Kink 's home .
' There were three police officers and a dog handler there .
They told me I was being arrested for assault , ' he said .
The owner of the Phone Zone store , who did not wish to be named , said he has been left out of pocket by the damage .
He said : ' I am very grateful for what Steve did and at the end of the day he has done the police 's job for them .
' The damage to the window was £ 250 but I do n't know how and when I am going to get that back . '
A spokesman for Dorset Police confirmed that Mr Kink had been charged with assault over the incident .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The state of Florida has pledged to buy up sugarcane farms to help restore the flow of the Everglades .
For a bargain $ 1.75 billion , US Sugar will relinquish 300 square miles of its holdings south of Lake Okeechobee over the next six years .
Great news for the people of Florida , as well as for birds , alligators , crocodiles , and manatees .
The agreement comes between Republican Governor Charlie Crist and US Sugar , reports the Miami Herald .
It ’s at least partially the result of the South Florida Water Management District board voting seven months ago against the practice of backpumping ( pdf ) dirty farm runoff into Lake Okeechobee , which then flows south into the Everglades .
That vote was the result of a 2007 court victory by Earthjustice , when a federal judge ruled that backpumping violated the Clean Water Act .
The buy - out of US Sugar will not end the Everglades ’ troubles .
Another 500 square miles of sugarcane farms owned by other companies remain in production .
Yet the deal marks a revival of the Everglades restoration effort , the largest of its kind in the world , aimed at undoing flood - control projects that have been killing the Everglades for decades .
I spent a lot of years , years ago , in the Everglades making a documentary for Nature .
Once this lush ecosystem flowed like a river , the aptly - named River of Grass .
If the Crist - US Sugar deal is actually signed in September , the clock will roll backwards 100 years , giving many endangered species the first hope of survival in as many years .
US Sugar ’s 1,700 employees , meanwhile , have been promised retraining by the state of Florida .
It should be noted , however , that the impact of increased flows is less clear for ecosystems further downstream , in Florida Bay and the Florida Keys .
The Everglades flow is being monitored mostly for phosphorus levels .
The seawater end of the system needs equal monitoring for nitrogen levels .
If not , expect a bigger dead zone to develop .
The lesson : we need to clean all waters of more crap .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal Award .
Slavery lives .
Just over 100 men and boys were waiting under the boughs of a huge mahogany tree in the middle of nowhere near the south Sudan - Darfur border .
Waiting for the abolitionists .
Led by the Arab / Dinka Peace Committee , they had walked south for miles , and for days , on their journey to freedom .
Many gave up .
Those who persevered waited under the tree for four days , and were now nearing the end of their excruciating journey .
When the abolitionists arrived , each of the 106 slaves were asked a series of questions , starting with :
When were you taken into captivity ?
What was your master ’s name ?
Did you have family ?
Each story was horrific .
They were beaten , burned , stabbed , hit with farming tools , starved and humiliated .
Michael was one of the first slaves to tell his tale .
His eyes were red , fatigue showed on his weathered face .
Scars marked the places where wounds from beatings have never healed .
He said his wife was stabbed to death by their master ’s wives , four Arab women who were angry she was at the water well with them .
Michael was beaten unconscious because he charged his master when he heard the news of his wife ’s death .
Some of the men had been in captivity for more than 20 years , captured by the Janjaweed ( Arab for “ Devil on Horseback ” ) and Arab slave raiders during the so - called civil war .
The younger slaves , children like Ahkmed , were born into slavery .
His mother was killed by her master .
Ahkmed has no idea where his father is , no clue of his age .
The reddish tint in his hair shows how malnourished he is .
His clothes were ripped and dirty , barely hanging on him .
Another man said he ’d been a slave for 15 years , and had seen at least three slaves killed for trying to escape .
All of these people had lost hope they would ever be free to live their own lives and have their own families .
The government in Khartoum and the Sudan People ’s Liberation Movement had been fighting a civil war since 1983 , one of the world ’s longest and bloodiest battles .
In 2005 , a comprehensive peace agreement was signed between the Arab Muslim leaders in Khartoum and the Black Christians in southern Sudan .
But what the agreement lacked were provisions to release the slaves taken captive over the past 20 years .
There are reports of tens of thousands of men , women and children still enslaved in Darfur and Kordofan .
A group of abolitionists , under the banner of Christian Solidarity International based in Zurich , has been working quietly since 1995 to free the slaves in Darfur as well as provide them with humanitarian aid .
This organized rescue of slaves was begun about 20 years ago by the Sudanese themselves .
The Arab / Dinka Peace Committee is a grassroots organization that liberates Sudanese slaves .
The covert operation generally begins in cattle camps in the north , where the underground network trades slaves for cattle vaccine .
Each vaccine is worth about $ 40 , and it costs one or two vaccines per slave .
Livestock is much more valuable to the Arab slave masters than are human beings .
The grassroots group in Sudan invited CSI to join them in their efforts to bring slaves back home .
“ In 1995 , we first encountered the reality of the slave raids in a powerful way , ” said Dr. John Eibner , who heads the teams of two or three CSI members who go into Sudan every month to deliver humanitarian aid , medicine , sorghum , survival kits and assistance in returning slaves to their families .
“ The NGO ’s [ non- governmental organizations ] that were there had moved out , the Red Cross failed to go in to help because the government of Sudan said no .
So , the international community allowed itself to be dictated to by the government of Sudan that was responsible for the slave raiding . ”
Among those on this trip were Eibner , an American , and Gunnar Wiebalck , a German , who have made a career of shining a bright light on social injustice , including working on the abolishment of apartheid in South Africa .
“ Because the rest of the world was not — and still is not — dealing with this issue of slavery , which is a crime against humanity according to international law , we thought we should come back and help this local , grassroots mechanism for getting enslaved women and children back , ” Eibner said .
Pastor Heidi McGinness , Denver - based director of outreach for CSI - USA , has made the journey to Sudan many times .
“ I live to see family reunions , ” McGuiness said .
“ Mothers , fathers reunited with sons and daughters taken into slavery , thought dead but returned alive , is the greatest joy one could observe .
“ This abolitionist work fuels my passion to see each slave freed , ” she added .
“ There are still tens of thousands in slavery .
I will not abandon them . ”
In Germany in the 20th century , it was the Holocaust .
Some 50 years later in Rwanda , genocide again .
And now , in the 21st century , as we talk about smart cars that can park themselves and sending people to Mars , we still allow the barbaric treatment of humans .
Genocide rears its ugly head again .
We ’re a society with short - term memory and information overload .
Sudan and slavery are invisible to the Western world .
Few if any American journalists are telling the slaves ’ stories .
Why does CSI go into Sudan ?
Because no one else will .
It ’s remote , it ’s hot , and it ’s desolate , with no electricity , running water or cellphone or Internet service in most places .
And , let ’s face it .
These victims are black .
Politically , Darfur is in bed with China , which is in bed with the United States .
Slavery in Sudan is a three - pronged issue : race , religion and politics .
So why should Americans care ?
Because the Sudanese are human beings .
If slavery and genocide can go unchallenged on the other side of the world , it will continue to fester , and then when it comes knocking on our own door here in the U.S. , in Denver , we will have only ourselves to blame .
There may be tens of thousands of slaves still in captivity in Darfur .
If after you read this you decide to do nothing , then at least you can not say you did n’t know .
Tamara Banks is a freelance journalist and media consultant in Denver .
She can be reached at tamarataz@msn.com .
McCain : I 'd ' entertain ' Democratic VP slot
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Republican Sen. John McCain allowed a glimmer of hope Wednesday for Democrats fantasizing about a bipartisan dream team to defeat President Bush — a far - flung notion the senator 's staff quickly quashed .
McCain said in a television interview that he would consider the unorthodox step of running for vice president on the Democratic ticket — in the unlikely event he received such an offer from the presidential candidate .
" John Kerry is a close friend of mine .
We have been friends for years , " McCain said Wednesday when pressed to squelch speculation about a Kerry - McCain ticket .
" Obviously I would entertain it . "
Within hours , the Arizona senator 's chief of staff , Mark Salter , closed the door on that idea .
" Senator McCain will not be a candidate for vice president in 2004 , " Salter told The Associated Press , saying he spoke for the senator .
McCain had emphasized how unlikely the whole idea was .
" It 's impossible to imagine the Democratic Party seeking a pro-life , free - trading , non-protectionist , deficit hawk , " the senator told ABC's " Good Morning America " during an interview about illegal steroid use .
" They 'd have to be taking some steroids , I think , in order to let that happen . "
McCain gained a reputation as a party maverick who appeals to independent voters during his 2000 race against Bush for the Republican nomination .
This year , McCain has campaigned for the president and said he would continue to do so .
Unlike some other Republican senators , he has n't railed against Kerry , a fellow Vietnam veteran .
McCain called the Kerry - Bush contest " the nastiest campaign so far that we have seen " and said he preferred campaigning for candidates instead of against their opponents .
Copyright 2005 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Bologna , 1858 : A police squad , acting on the orders of the Inquisitor , invades the home of a Jewish merchant , Momolo Mortara , wrenches his crying six - year - old son from his arms , and rushes him off in a carriage bound for Rome .
His mother is so distraught that she collapses and has to be taken to a neighbor 's house , but her weeping can be heard across the city .
With this terrifying scene -- one that would haunt this family forever -- David I . Kertzer begins his fascinating investigation of the dramatic kidnapping , and shows how this now obscure saga would eventually contribute to the collapse of the Church 's temporal power in Italy .
As Edgardo 's parents desperately search for a way to get their son back , they learn why he -- out of all their eight children - - was taken .
Years earlier , the family 's Catholic serving girl , fearful that the infant might die of an illness , had secretly baptized him ( or so she claimed ) .
Edgardo recovered , but when the story reached the Bologna Inquisitor , the result was his order for Edgardo to be seized and sent to a special monastery where Jews were converted into good Catholics .
The Inquisitor 's justification for taking the child was based in Church teachings : No Christian child could be raised by Jewish parents .
The case of Edgardo Mortara became an international cause célèbre .
Although such kidnappings were not uncommon in Jewish communities across Europe , this time the political climate had changed .
As news of the family 's plight spread to Britain , where the Rothschilds got involved , to France , where it mobilized Napoleon III , and even to America , public opinion turned against the Vatican .
Refusing to return the child to his family , Pope Pius IX began to regard the boy as his own child .
The fate of this one boy came to symbolize the entire revolutionary campaign of Mazzini and Garibaldi to end the dominance of the Catholic Church and establish a modern , secular Italian state .
The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara was a finalist for the National Book Award for Nonfiction in 1997 , and has been made into a play by Pulitzer and Oscar winning playwright , Alfred Uhry .
Early versions of the play were performed at Hartford Stage in 2002 and the Guthrie Theater in 2006 .
Bricks and mortar are so passé .
So forget Dorset and join the Patagonian land grab , taking your lead from CNN supremo Ted Turner ( owner of 128,000 acres ) or the well - healed Chilean Sebastián Piñera , who has created the Parque Tantauco ( 120,000 hectares ) ostensibly to conserve Patagonia 's virgin forests , which are obviously vital carbon sinks .
No matter that Piñera earned his fortune as the operator of Chile 's biggest airline ( I know , the CO2 irony ! ) - that 's no barrier to becoming a Wildlife Philanthropist ( WP ) , stocking up on land to preserve biodiversity for future generations .
If Patagonia is out of your reach , how about a more modest WP act ?
£ 50 to the World Land Trust ( worldlandtrust.org ) will buy an acre of rainforest , or for £ 70 you can save an acre of Brazilian rainforest courtesy of Cool Earth ( coolearth.org ) , the charity partly founded by sportswear magnate Johan Eliasch , who in 2006 bought 400,000 acres of rainforest , prompting President Lula of Brazil to stress : ' The Amazon is not for sale . '
Actually it is , along with tracts of wilderness in any cash - strapped country .
I was recently offered a timeshare in South Africa 's Kruger National Park ( chimpedenresidentialclub.com ) .
The information was full of comforting promises about environmental preservation , but more room was given over to the five - star accommodation .
Increasingly , wildlife philanthropy crosses with eco tourism .
Not a necessarily helpful hybrid .
Similarly , private enterprises from developed countries buying up land from developing nations which then implement draconian conservation policies leave themselves open to the charge of eco colonialism .
Newer private conservation schemes refute eco-colonialism charges by leasing land rather than buying it or working with the local community and evaluating the rainforest properly in terms of natural capital so that the host country receives a fair price ; Canopy Capital recently bought 370,000 hectares of pristine forest in Guyana with the Iwokrama reserve , earning plaudits from Greenpeace .
Look for evidence of community conservation ( divesting power to the local population to manage ) and evidence that the community has been properly compensated .
Is it ever right to own a bit of the developing world and then set it aside for conservation ?
Probably not .
But it is inevitable .
There is , sadly , not the sense of urgency among governments to invest in public conservation ( the UK 's private Woodland Trust plants more trees than the government 's Forestry Commission ) , and when deforestation causes 30 per cent of total carbon emissions in the atmosphere , at least chequebook conservationism does n't have to wait .
Is there anything noble about it ?
Slightly .
It is still easier to pave over paradise than to buy and protect it .
lucy.siegle@observer.co.uk
Tibet Protest News Update
April 3 , 2008 by twitterpaters
by twit
From the International Campaign for Tibet on April 3 , 2008 :
There have been further protests in the past few days in Tibet as the crackdown on the plateau deepens , with mass detentions in different areas and some monasteries encircled by troops .
In some areas , including Kardze in Sichuan province ( Kham ) and Lhasa in the Tibet Autonomous Region ( TAR ) , there are signs that the authorities are provoking further unrest and frustration by requiring local people to sign denunciations of the Dalai Lama .
According to reliable reports received by ICT , in some rural areas of eastern Tibet many Tibetans have fled villages or nomad encampments and are hiding out elsewhere to avoid arrest .
ICT also has a map of Tibetan protests since March 10 , 2008 :
Previous posts :
Tibet Protest News
The Middle Way Through Tibet
“ Tell the World , They Said to Us ”
Should the US Boycott the Olympics ?
Welcome to the future
Fast - Action Rifle ( FAR )
By Boltsniper
Navigation
The FAR is a magazine fed spring powered rifle capable of firing Nerf darts in rapid succession .
It uses a fast - action bolt system .
This means that all that needs to be done to cycle the weapon is to rack the bolt back and release .
The rifle is fed by a bottom feed detachable magazine that holds 5 rounds .
The design of the FAR permits it to be fully disassembled and all components accessed for repair or replacement .
Only a philips head screwdriver and a pair of hands are required for field stripping .
A standard STD - MIL - 913 accessory rail is present and allows for the mounting of an array of different optics .
The most versatile optic for this rifle would be a red dot but a variable power scope can also be mounted for sniper applications .
The threaded muzzle allows for the quick attachment of a silencer if needed .
Bolt release and magazine catch can be quickly and easily operated with the firing hand without removing it from firing position .
The FAR is a versatile high performance carbine that combines high rate of fire with pin point accuracy .
Build yours today !
The inspiration for this rifle stemmed from a few sources .
Back in 2003
I built a magazine that I intended on using in a rifle that never got out of the prototyping phase .
I wanted to use it in something and that was a big driver of this project .
I also wanted to build a spring powered Nerf rifle that would produce ranges of slight under 100 feet .
I 've already done that high power sniper rifle .
This time around I wanted to make the high ROF assault rifle .
Description .............. Fast - Action Rifle Designation ......................... Bolt - 5 Release Date .................... March 2005 Caliber .......... Nerf Micros , Mega Stefans Operation ...
Fast-action Spring Loaded Bolt Propulsion .................. Spring Plunger Magazine ............ Detachable Bottom Feed Mag Capacity ............................. 5 Overall Length ....................... 30 in Barrel Length ......................... 7 in Max Rate of Fire ................... 100 RPM Max Range ............................ 80 ft Effective Range ...................... 60 ft Accurate Range ....................... 40 ft Intended Use ............... Primary , Sniper
From the beginning I had planned on using a spring / plunger setup for this rifle .
Although compressed air and other gases can produce better performance , I have never really liked the need to prime or change tanks .
With a spring weapon all that needs to be done is to retract the spring , fire , and repeat .
I also desired to use the magazine I had built a couple years ago .
A magazine fed nerf weapon has always seemed to me to be like the holy grail of Nerf ( or at least one of them ) .
The reciprocating motion necessary for the plunger could be integrated with the motion that a bolt / magazine system would take .
What resulted was the bolt assuming a dual role of performing the function of a bolt and also serving as the plunger tube .
The plunger rides inside of the bolt which allowed for the rifle to be kept as compact as possible .
The overall layout and operation of the rifle can be seen in the animation below .
The main spring is a rifle length action spring out of an AR15 .
It is designed for use as a compression spring and has a good stiffness .
To size the overall rifle and the components I started from the rear with the spring .
The spring was a given and it was the one piece I had to work around .
I first had to choose the plunger travel I wanted to use .
I wanted this rifle to be comfortable to shoot .
This means the length of pull of the stock ( distance from the butt plate to the trigger ) had to be a reasonable length , usually around 13 inches .
Using this constraint basically defined the length of the plunger and bolt to place the magazine and ejection port just ahead of the trigger .
The plunger travel worked out to be a little under 6 inches , which is what I had initially planned on it being anyway .
From the plunger travel I was able to size the barrel .
I did some experimentation to determine what would be the optimal barrel length for a given plunger size .
The goal was to find the barrel length for which the dart would exit the barrel as the plunger reaches the end of the plunger tube .
I started off by matching the volume of the plunger to the volume of the barrel .
I knew that this was going to produce too long a barrel but it was a good place to start .
This would assume that the air inside the plunger and barrel is incompressible and that there are no leaks .
In the real world this is not the case .
I reduced the barrel length until I had found the length at which the dart was leaving the barrel as the plunger was reaching its stop , coinciding with the maximum attainable range .
Experimentally the plunger volume seems to be about 4 times that of the barrel .
The relation for barrel to plunger size can be summed up in the following equation , where r b is the barrel radius , r p is the plunger radius , l b is the barrel length , and l p is the plunger length .
For Nerf applications the barrel is almost always 1/2 " PVC or CPVC .
r b can then be set as a constant at 0.25 " and removed from the equation .
Since we are trying to solve for the barrel length with a given plunger size , the equation can be rearranged and simplified to :
This simple equation makes it easy to roughly but quickly size a barrel to a given plunger .
The equation could also be used to size a plunger for a given length barrel .
This equation is based on experimental data and is not perfect .
Four is not the golden number .
This produces the optimal barrel length for the situation I was testing .
The type of dart , dart - barrel friction , and total system volume will likely effect the optimal ratio .
Nevertheless , the above equation can be used as a starting point .
The barrel was the last critical piece that would determine the overall layout of the rifle .
I wanted the FAR to be modular and have the ability to be easily disassembled .
The barrel assembly is fixed in the receiver with screws around the chamber and barrel spacer .
The bolt and plunger float free in the receiver .
The charging handle and operating rod are inserted into the bolt after it is placed in the receiver .
They are not bonded in place which allows them to be removed for takedown .
A elbow joint caps the end of the receiver holding the main spring in place as well as acting as the upper portion of the buttstock .
In order to cycle rounds from a magazine , there needed to be a way to expel the spend round before chambering a new one .
I brainstormed a few ejector ideas and eventually decided to emulate the extractor / ejector system of modern auto loading rifles .
A claw ejector will engage the shell and extract it from the chamber .
A spring loaded ejector will then kick the shell out of the ejection port .
This is a proven setup and is relatively simple .
The bolt will be discussed in more detail later in this writeup .
The shells used in the FAR are derivatives of the shells I used in my bolt - action CO2 rifle .
They are modified to stack reliably in the magazine and function with the bolt .
The action spring attaches from a screw protruding from the top of the receiver to the operating rod of the bolt .
This spring has two functions .
It 's primary function is to close the bolt with enough force to strip and chamber a fresh round .
Secondarily the action spring maintains a forward force on the bolt to keep the shell sealed against the bolt face and the barrel .
A section of 1 " PVC is fit on top of the receiver to cover the action spring .
This cover also serves as a platform for iron sights and an optics rail .
The final portion of the rifle is the lower receiver including the rife control group , pistol grip and lower stock .
The design of the plunger / bolt setup required the plunger catch to be located far to the rear and not directly over the trigger .
This required a more complex trigger system than found in conventional spring powered blasters .
The catch is a short piece of straight music wire that extends vertically into the upper receiver when the weapon is assembled .
It moves vertically and is operated by a simple crank connected via transfer bar to the trigger .
TOOLS
There were a relatively few amount of tools used in the construction of the FAR .
Most are very common tools that most people posses for typical household use .
The tools used in the construction of the FAR are as follows :
This is merely a list of the tools I used and believe to be the most efficient for doing what needs to be done .
These are by means not the only tools you could use .
Although it may take longer there are many other ways to cut and shape PVC .
Ordinary PVC piping is the main material used in the construction of the FAR .
The sizes used are as follows : 1 1/4 " SCH 40 PVC ( Receiver , Magazine )
1 " 200 psi PVC ( Bolt , Receiver Cover , Stock )
1/2 " PVC Couplers ( Barrel spacers , Shell Rim , etc )
1/2 " PVC ( Barrel , Shells , etc ) Some other special PVC fittings were used in certain situations .
For situations where a flat surface was required balsa sheeting was used .
I use 1/8 " sheeting and hand picked the hardest pieces for durability .
Other materials could be substituted in place of the balsa , like lexan or another type of wood .
I like balsa because it is easy to work worth , can be hard , and I have an abundance of it .
To space the PVC pieces inside one another , I used electrical tape .
This works extremely well and can produce extremely tight fits .
I personally use CA glue ( aka superglue ) to due all the bonding involved .
It adheres extremely well to both PVC and balsa .
The advantage is the near instant drying time .
CA will hold just as good as PVC cement .
For assembly I used 1 / 2 " # 6 pan head sheet metal screws .
These are just the right length to penetrate from the outside of the 1 1/4 " PVC to the 1/2 " PVC of the barrel but not penetrate the inner wall of the 1/2 " PVC .
They are very common and can be picked up at Walmart .
The last major materials utilized in the FAR were music wire and brass tubing .
These two were used in conjunction at all pivot points .
Music wire was also utilized for retaining pins , pushrods , etc .
See the materials list in the plans for a more detailed list of materials
The barrel and chamber are built as one unit and an be removed from the gun as such .
The image below shows the barrel assembly .
The section at the top left of the image is the chamber .
The black painted portion of the barrel is the portion that is visible .
The barrel is a 12 " section of 1/2 " PVC with about 7 " visible outside of the receiver .
Although the barrel appears to be 12 " long the actual effective barrel is only 8 " of that .
To achieve the optimal barrel length for performance but still maintain a well proportioned looking rifle the last 4 inches were bored so that the dart is not effected in this region .
The barrel is held in the receiver by a spacer consisting of a bored out 1/ 2 " coupler , electrical tape and a section of 1 " PVC .
This spacer is bonded to the barrel .
The chamber can be thought of as the negative of a shell .
The chamber is where the shell resides at the end of the barrel .
It 's job is to line up the shell at the end of the barrel and hold it there .
1/2 " couplers fit loosely in 1 " 200 psi PVC .... too loosely .
In order for the shell to line up reliably with the end of the barrel the fit needed to be nearly perfect .
This was accomplished by reducing the diameter of the 1 " PVC .
By removing a 3/8 " wide sliver from the 1 " PVC , I was able to close the gap and create a section of PVC with a custom diameter .
You can see the chamber in the photo below .
Near the bottom of the chamber you can see the line that was formed when the gap cut in the 1 " PVC was closed .
When installed in the rifle the line is at the bottom of the chamber .
A slight feedramp is ground into the chambers rear edge .
This ramp lines up with the feedramp cut in the upper receiver when installed .
back to top Shells
Like the barrel the shells are made of 1/2 " PVC .
They are a little over 3 " long and will hold a Nerf Micro dart as well as long Mega stefans .
The case rim is cut from a 1 / 2 " coupler and is bonded to the end of the shell .
The rim is about 0.2 " long and is sized with the bolt to lock over the extractor and make a good seal on the bolt o-rings .
In order for the shells to stack properly in the magazine and also to feed reliably the collar was added ahead of the rim .
This is the remaining portion of the 1/2 " coupler after the rim is cut .
It is bored out and bonded to the shell case .
The leading edge of the collar is beveled to eliminate any edge that may catch on something during feeding .
The front of the shell is also slightly rounded off for the same reason .
FAR shells are shown with some various 5.56x45 rounds to show the size comparison .
back to top Bolt
The bolt was the most challenging to design and fabricate .
It was actually the first component I built .
I wanted to be sure it could be successfully done before I started on the rest of the rifle .
The bolt is a 9 " piece of 1 " 200 psi PVC .
The bolt face is created with a 1/ 2 " over a section of 1/2 " PVC .
The bolt face is set back about 1 / 2 " from the front edge of the bolt .
As stated above , I brainstormed extractor and ejector ideas .
Initially I had planned on using a fixed ejector .
This would simply be a protrusion fixed to the receiver that would contact the rim of the shell as it was extracted ... as in a handgun .
Although the ejector part was simple it introduced problems with the rear or the bolt being the plunger tube .
The ejector would cut right through it if it was fixed .
My next thought was for the ejector to pop out of the side of the receiver as the bolt was retracted .
This would have worked but I abandoned it due to complexity and lack of probable reliability .
I turned to the AR15 which had sparked this project in the first place .
The AR uses a spring loaded ejector located in the bolt itself .
This complicated the ejector slightly but was still attainable in PVC form .
This was the system I decided to use .
The ejector a short piece of 0.2 " carbon rod .
Carbon rod is strong but very light .
A wood dowel would have worked just as well .
A hole for the ejector was drilled at the very edge of the boltface about 1.5 " deep .
The coupler making up the bolt face is 1.6 " long so the hole is almost all the way through .
I needed a small spring that was slightly smaller than 0.2 " DIA but reasonably stiff .
After disassembling almost every click pen I have I found a great spring in a G2 pen .
The ejector needs to be retained when it is not compressed to keep it affixed to the bolt .
I used a cross pin to retain the ejector .
A groove was cut in the side of the ejector rod about 1 / 2 " long .
The pin passes through the ejector hole in the bolt and engages the ejector rod at this slot .
This is better explained in the plans where it can be seen .
Originally the extractor was to be spring loaded as well .
In a firearm the extractor is metal and will not flex so a spring is necessary .
Since the extractor in the FAR was to be made out of thin 1 " PVC , there was enough flex in the plastic to negate the need for a spring .
The extractor was initially cut directly from the bolt .
It is about 1.5 " long and 1/2 " wide .
To create the claw 1/ 2 " coupler fragments were bonded to the extractor and ground to shape .
I had originally planned on fastening the ejector to the bolt with a countersunk screw .
To test the extractor I just wrapped a piece of electrical tape around the bolt to secure it .
This worked extremely well and the electrical tape flexes along with the PVC giving the extractor more of a snap as it passes over the rim of a shell .
I threw out the screw and went with the tape permanently .
As a bonus , the tape covers the ejector retaining pin and prevents it from working itself out .
As a result both the extractor and the ejector can be removed without tools .
The image below shows the FAR bolt along with an AR15 bolt for comparison .
Notice the similarities .
In order to retract the bolt to cycle the weapon a charging handle had to be incorporated .
I again used 0.2 " carbon rod .
A hole for the charging handle was drilled normal to the axis of motion and as lose to the bottom of the bolt as possible .
I did not want the rod to pass through the center of the bolt as it would constrict the airflow .
The charging handle rod passes just across the bottom of the air passage .
The carbon rod is strong but the concentration of stress at the point where the rod exits the bolt tended to split the fibers of the rod and it would ultimately fail after2 0 - 30 cycles .
To remedy this I placed a steel rod in the carbon to up its strength .
I have not had a problem with it since .
The operating rod protrudes from the top of the bolt and is the point at which the action spring attaches to the bolt .
It is constructed of music wire and passes directly through the center of the bolt just ahead of the charging handle .
The cross sectional area of the music wire is small enough that it will not affect the airflow much .
A shallow hook was bent into the upper portion to assure the action spring did not slide off .
back to top Plunger
The plunger went through the most design changes out of any component in the rifle .
The plunger shaft is made out of a section of 1/2 " PVC .
The plunger head is a 1/ 2 " endcap that was cut to about 1/4 " .
Two O - rings were used to seal the plunger in the plunger tube .
Two O - rings were used to assure a good seal .
The friction created from the second seal is negligible and is nice to have the redundancy .
the O - rings are spaced by 0.2 " section of 1/2 " coupler over the 1/2 " PVC .
The image below shows the head of the plunger .
The plunger catch face is located at the rear of the plunger .
It is required to be that far back because when the plunger is uncocked , the bolt / plunger tube covers up the first 7 inches of the plunger .
The bolt ends about 1 / 2 " ahead of the catch face .
The catch face is made from a 1/ 2 " coupler and a section of 1 " PVC .
All this is bonded together and bonded to the plunger shaft .
The rear section of the plunger provides the sear face but also keep the plunger straight in the receiver .
The catch pin is very small will concentrate all the spring force on a small point on the catch face .
Although the bare PVC would work , it would likely deteriorate very quickly .
I mounted a large washer to act as a sear face for the catch .
I found a near perfect washer with a 3/4 " ID and a 1.25 " OD .
It needed only minor grinding to make it flush with the outside of the 1 " PVC .
To depress the catch pin as the plunger is retracted , the rear of the plunger was beveled at about a 45 degree angle .
The beveled surface was coated with superglue to increase its toughness .
In order to seat the main spring , the rear of the plunger had to be bored out a bit .
The spring seats about 3 / 4 " into the back of the plunger .
The section aft of the catch face / spring mount was the last addition to the plunger .
It is a section of 1/2 " CPVC and fits inside the main spring .
It 's job is to keep the main spring from buckling when in the large diameter section of the upper receiver .
Before this was installed the main spring would occasionally buckle in the right direction and catch on the plunger catch .
This would halt the bolt and prevent it from retracting fully .
The tamp fix was to hold the trigger while retracting the bolt if this happened .
This was a rare occurrence happening maybe once out of every 50 shots .
Since the addition of the CPVC section I have not experienced this problem back to top
Upper Receiver
The upper is the frame of the rifle .
It is what all the components are fixed to when assembled .
Essentially , the upper receiver is just a section of 1 1/4 " PVC with cuts for the magazine , ejection port , charging handle slot , and operating rod slot .
The magazine is part of the upper receiver as well .
Initially the magazine well was to be part of the lower receiver , but as construction and design progressed it made more sense for the magazine well to be part of the upper receiver .
This allowed it to be built stronger and more rigid .
Seeing as the mag well is a high tolerance part it , having it permanently fixed to the upper receiver where the barrel resides also made sense .
Below is an image of the upper receiver stripped of all other components .
The magazine well is easy to spot in the center of the receiver .
The magazine catch is fixed to the backs side of the magazine well .
It is just U - shaped piece of wire with a small hook on the end that extends about 1/8 " into the mag well .
A section of rubber band provides a force on the catch to lock it closed as a magazine is inserted and also prevents the catch from shaking out .
The mount studs for the lower receiver and the receiver cover can also be seen in the image .
They are simply fragments of 1 1/4 " PVC .
The front sling mount is visible in the upper right hand corner .
Just visible in lower right portion of the above image is hole on the bottom of the receiver .
The purpose of this hole is to allow air in behind the plunger to prevent a drop in pressure caused by the rear of the plunger as it .
A suction created behind the plunger will slow its acceleration and reduce performance of the rifle .
By letting air in to alleviate the suction the system can perform at its full capability .
The image below shows the upper receiver with internal components installed .
The bolt is closed and can be seen though the ejection port .
Above the receiver the action spring can be seen .
The spring connects on the left side to the operating rod protruding from the bolt .
It connects to the upper receiver with a screw protruding from the receiver .
The screws that can be seen under the spring are the main screws for the barrel .
They are placed radially around the receiver and screw through the chamber and into the rear portion of the barrel .
The screws will absorb the impact from the plunger , through the bolt , through the shell , and into the receiver .
One screw in the front fastens the barrel spacer to the receiver .
back to top Lower Receiver
In was n't an accident that the lower receiver and fire control group were the last components to get fabricated .
I knew the fire control setup was going to be a pain the ass so I did as every good American does .... procrastinate the hard stuff .
The lower receiver itself is made from 1 1/4 " PVC cut to fit on the underside of the upper receiver between the magazine well and the receiver endcap .
The lower portion of the buttstock is fabricated from 1 " PVC .
It is made from two pieces , miter cut , and bonded .
The forward section of the stock is bonded to the lower receiver and free floats in the back .
The vertical portion of the stock inserts into the receiver endcap when installed on the upper receiver .
A section of 1 1/4 " PVC is bonded to the lower back section of the stock to make it flush with the rear of the receiver endcap .
The image below shows the lower receiver as it looks when removed from the upper receiver .
The pistol grip is fabricated from 1 " 200 psi PVC .
It is composed of three pieces bonded together .
The center section is full piece of 1 " PVC and the outer portions are half sections of 1 " PVC .
The resulting grip is very comfortable feeling .
The upper portion of the pistol grip is cut off and cut concave to fit the 1 1/4 " PVC .
A piece of balsa covers the bottom of the pistol grip .
The trigger guard extends from the pistol grip to the magazine well just below the trigger .
It is made of a sliver of 1 " PVC and is bonded to the pistol grip .
When assembled to the upper receiver it rests on a block on the magazine well .
I had a few trigger system in mind before actually constructing anything .
The idea I had originally planned to use was a cam setup similar to production Nerf guns .
This would have simpler than the current setup , but would have been more difficult to fabricate .
For the plunger catch I decided to use music wire .
It is very wear resistant and at short lengths is very rigid .
The plunger catch 's movement was purely linear in a vertical attitude .
A mechanism had to be built to convert the rotational of the trigger into the vertical linear motion of the catch .
A pivot was placed on the back of the trigger about 1/ 4 " below the trigger point of rotation .
A pushrod was connected to this joint and spanned the distance back to the plunger catch .
This will be referred to as the transfer bar .
I decided to use a simple bell crank to convert horizontal motion coming from the transfer bar to vertical motion .
The crank is cut from a 3 " threaded coupler .
I used this because it had flat surfaces .
The crank can be seen in the image below .
The crank pivots around the bottom hole .
The transfer bar connects to the hole directly above the pivot hole .
The notch at the top is for the trigger spring which pull on the crank to push the catch up when the trigger is not depressed .
The plunger catch has a horizontal piece of music wire attached to it .
This horizontal piece engages the trigger crank in the slot to the right .
The slot is necessary to account for the non linear motion of the as the crank rotates .
The two pivot points are inset with brass to makes the motion smoother and reduce wear .
The trigger pivot points are also inset with brass tubing for the same reasons .
The image below shows the crank installed in the lower receiver .
It is in the resting position meaning that the trigger is not depressed .
The transfer bar can be seen behind the trigger spring .
Below is another image of the plunger catch looking forward .
You can see that the plunger catch extends through the mount and through the bottom of the receiver .
That catch also rides in brass tubing to reduce friction and wear .
The catch is slightly bevel on top to aid the its depression as the plunger passes over it .
The direct linkages along with the brass bushings provide for a very solid and smooth feeling trigger .
There is no play in the system and the pull is steady .
There are many other mechanisms you could use to accomplish this .
I chose this particular setup because of its robustness and performance .
Please see the video section for a video of the fire control group .
back to top
Magazine
The magazine for the FAR was actually initially constructed in 2003 .
I had planned on using it in a semi-automatic rifle that never got out of prototyping ..... ie catastrophic failure .
The magazine though was a big primer for this project .
The magazine is actually pretty simple .
It is simply a box .
The spring was the on thing that caused some problems .
The shells for this rifle are big and when stacked the displacement a spring will have to handle gets large quite fast .
Typical springs produce increasing force as displacement increases .
The ratio is governed the linear relation F = kx .
I needed a spring that produced a good force , but one that was not governed by displacement .
This ruled out all conventional springs .
To get a 7 + " displacement with a typical spring the stiffness would have to be low to keep the mag spring from destroying the magazine when full loaded .
And on top of that there may not be enough force when a single round is loaded .
They were just not an option .
In Target one day I noticed the springs that were used in the pharmaceutical fixtures to push merchandise to the front as one is removed .
These springs were coil springs and had huge displacement potential , around 18 " .
On top of that the spring force seemed to independent of its location .
This was perfect for a mag spring .
I " acquired " on of these spring and built a magazine around it .
The magazine body is made from two half section of 1 1/4 " PVC and 1/8 " balsa sheeting .
The spring is located beneath the follower and travels up the right side of the mag wall to be fixed at the top .
You can see the spring in the image below .
The follower is made of balsa and what was left of the fixture housing the spring .
The magazine itself could not protrude into the upper receiver because it would collide with the bolt .
The feed lips of the magazine restrain the shell from launching out , but also allow the top of the shell to extend into the upper receiver to be contacted by the bolt .
The bolt contacts the shell and pushes it forward .
The shell rides along the feed lips until it passes beyond them and is pushed up further by the next round .
The image below shows a round loaded in the magazine and how it engages the feed lips .
This particular magazine holds 5 rounds .
The spring would have allows for a magazine about 3 times as long holding maybe 15 - 18 rounds .
This would have been massive though and for the sake of looks , weight , reliability , and maneuverability I restricted the capacity to 5 rounds .
The rifle was constructed component by component starting with the internal components .
The image below shows the initial layout as I tried to envision what the rifle would / could look like .
Initially I planned on using quite a few surplus AR15 parts such as the stock , pistol grip as well as the buffer spring .
As you can see the magazine is complete and leftover from 2003 .
The barrel was cut way long for shortening later to optimal length .
Because its the easiest , the barrel was the first component I fabricated .
The chamber was the first big challenge I faced .
The bolt and plunger were fabricated together due to there interdependency on each other .
In the image below the barrel , bolt , and plunger are complete for the most part .
You can see I started to layout parts for the upper receiver , mag well , and stock .
The mag well was a big undertaking as it required deconstructing 4 1 1/4 " T - joints and reconstructing them with the appropriate angles .
They also had to be extensively bored out to allow them to slide over 1 1/4 " PVC .
In this image they are complete and ready to be bonded together to form a complete mag well .
In the image below the main progress that has been made is the completion of the upper receiver .
The mag well is finished and bonded to the upper receiver .
The ejection port , chariging handle , and operating rod slots are also cut .
The internal components can now be installed producing the finished action .
The magazine catch has also been installed at the back of the mag well but has not been cut to length yet .
The lower receiver has been cut and the pistol grip has been bonded to it , but the fire control group is not yet installed .
Following the completion of the action , some cosmetic additions were made .
The receiver cover is fabricated and installed .
The picatinny rail is fabricated but the iron sights have yet to be installed .
The lower portion of the stock is cut and bonded in place .
The trigger guard is also present in this image .
The barrel has been cut down along with the receiver from the previous image .
The only major design and fabrication left is the fire control group .
Finally the trigger system is fabricated and installed in the lower receiver and small additions like the iron sights are installed .
Prior to painting gaps and wood grain were filled in with spackling .
The entire rifle was sanded down to produce the best possible finish .
The rifle was painted satin black with Krylon Fusion plastic paint .
The pistol grip and fore - end were wrapped in electrical tap to prevent paint from rubbing off and to increase grip on the rifle .
Detailed plans are available for download .
They are presented in a spreadsheet with detailed drawings including dimensions .
< 7.4 Mb >
The plans were made with Microsoft Excel , a component of Microsoft Office , and are in *.xls format .
I realize some of you may not have Excel at your disposal .
For those of you who fall into this category , there is a free program suite available for download that will read *.xls files .
The program is called OpenOffice and is available here .
The rise in oil prices turned into a stampede on Friday with futures jumping a staggering $ 11 a barrel to set a record above $ 138 a barrel .
The unprecedented surge came as the dollar fell sharply against the euro and a senior Israeli politician once again raised the possibility of an attack against Iran .
Friday ’s jump capped a second day of strong gains on energy markets , and fed suspicions that commodities might be caught in an investment bubble .
Oil prices have doubled in the last 12 months , and are up 42 percent since the beginning of the year .
Oil futures surged $ 10.75 , or 8 percent , to $ 138.54 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , their biggest jump since contracts began trading in 1983 .
The record rise brought a two - day jump of more than $ 16 a barrel , after Thursday ’s 5.5 percent gain .
“ This market is going to shoot itself in the foot , ” said Adam Robinson , an energy analyst at Lehman Brothers .
“ It is searching for a price that will build a safety cushion in the system  either as inventories or as spare capacity .
This takes time .
But the market has gotten extremely impatient and is not willing to wait . ”
LONDON ( Reuters ) - England is an irritating and insular country full of overweight , binge - drinking , reality TV addicts , a new guide warns tourists .
But in the new Rough Guide to England , the English are also hailed as a nation of animal - loving , tea - drinking charity donors who love nothing better than forming an orderly queue .
Gone , it seems , is the image of a genteel country awash with Englishmen politely tipping their bowler hats , groping through the London fog and being kinder to pets than kids .
The writers confess to bafflement over the quirky English , concluding that of the 200 countries the guide reviews there is none “ so fascinating , beautiful and culturally diverse yet as insular , self - important and irritating as England . ”
They said the English are proud of their multi-culturalism and are united by one thing -- their sense of humor .
But there are constant contradictions .
In a country priding itself on patriotism , they have a Scottish Prime Minister , an Italian football coach and a Greek married to the Queen .
They are gently mocked as voracious consumers of celebrity chit-chat and “ as a glance at the tabloid newspapers will confirm , England is a nation of overweight , binge - drinking reality TV addicts . ”
These pictures are from my recent trip to the Springfield Armory Museum in Springfield Mass .
USA .
I was lucky enough to be allowed access to the upper floor or pattern room to view the collection of there Garand and M14 prototypes as well as just about every other issue and or prototype firearm from Colonian days to 1970 .
You will also see the lower level or first floor of the museum and these firearms are mostly encased in glass .
The first and last National Armory
Overlooking the Connecticut River in western Massachusetts , Springfield Armory National Historic Site offers the story of the American 's first national armory .
The large museum , year - round public programs , exhibits , and special events speak of nearly two centuries of pioneering American military arms manufacturing .
I am sad to say though that effective immediately the pattern room shown in these photos are no longer available to the general public for viewing anymore .
While I 'm talking about new Lisps , I should mention Clojure , a new Lisp with close JVM integration and fancy concurrency support .
I 've been meaning to write something in it and post about the experience , but it may be a while before I get around to that .
So here 's the quick summary :
Clojure has the usual features of modern Lisps : lisp - 1 - ness , case - sensitivity ( because it 's hard to do case - insensitivity right ) , distinguishing ( ) from nil from |nil| , pure symbols , shorter names , modules .
It 's quite clean , although Lispers should watch out for the renamings ( familiar names like cons and do are n't what you expect ) .
There is destructuring in binding constructs , and lambda is really case - lambda .
Its Lispy core looks quite good ( although as I said , I have n't used it much yet ) , and it closely resembles the orthodox modern Lisp .
Except for one thing : most data is immutable .
Clojure aims at the most popular open problem in languages today : safe concurrency .
Like Erlang , it tries to provide state only in forms that are easier to use safely in concurrent programs .
Clojure has three : mutable special variables ( since their bindings are per-thread ) , software transactional memory , and reactive message - passing .
( See those pages for explanations and examples .
There 's also a wiki with more examples . )
What it does n't have is the ordinary mutation we take for granted in other Lisps .
There 's no setf , no mutable arrays or hashtables , no push .
Fortunately there 's a lot of careful support for immutable collections , including syntax for [ vectors ] and {maps} , and generic iteration ( even on Java collections ! ) .
It includes some useful functions that are often forgotten , such as mapcat and range .
Clojure may not have state , but it tries to do the alternatives well enough that you do n't feel the lack .
The ultimate alternative to language limitations is an FFI .
Clojure is implemented in Java and runs on the JVM , so its FFI takes the form of extensive Java integration : nil is Java null , some interfaces are supported ( in both directions ! ) , and it 's very easy to call Java code .
There are some downsides to staying so close to Java : there 's no tail - call optimization , and since threads are Java threads , their number is limited ( potentially annoying , in a concurrent language ) .
The upside is that it inherits all sorts of functionality from Java - the VM , massive libraries , even mutable data if you need it .
This goes a long way toward explaining the completeness and high quality of the implementation .
Nothing But The
This is about us , together .
Working to get the facts out around tobacco , vaping and opioids .
And to keep the industries that make them in check .
Learn more about us and ways you can help .
We 're fighting against
Animated Progress Bars Using MooTools : dwProgressBar
I love progress bars .
It 's important that I know roughly what percentage of a task is complete .
I 've created a highly customizable MooTools progress bar class that animates to the desired percentage .
The Moo-Generated XHTML
< div id =" this.options.boxID " > < div id =" this.options.percentageID
" ></div > </div > < div id =" this.options.displayID
" >{x}%</div>
This DIV structure is extremely simple and can be controlled completely by CSS .
The CSS
/* these selector names are based on what you provide to the class */ /* example 1 */ # box { border : 1 px solid # ccc ; width : 200 px ; height : 20 px ; } #perc { background : #ccc ; height :20 px ; } /* example 2 */ # box2 { background:url ( progress - bar- back.gif ) right center no - repeat ; width : 200 px ; height :20 px ; float : left ; } # perc2 { background:url ( progress - bar.gif ) right center no -repeat ; height : 20 px ; } # text { font - family : tahoma , arial , sans - serif ; font - size : 11 px ; color : #000 ; float : left ; padding : 3px 0 0 10 px ; }
You 'll declare styles for the three generated XHTML elements .
You 'll like use background colors and background images .
You will also want to define a width value for the outside box .
The MooTools JavaScript : dwProgressBar
//class is in var dwProgressBar = new Class ( { // implements Implements : [ Options ] , //options options : { container : $ $ ( ' body ' ) [ 0 ] , boxID : '' , percentageID : '' , displayID : '' , startPercentage : 0 , displayText : false , speed:10 } , //initialization initialize : function ( options ) { //set options this.setOptions(options ) ; //create elements this.createElements ( ) ; } , //creates the box and percentage elements createElements : function ( ) { var box = new Element ( ' div ' , { id:this.options.boxID } ) ; var perc = new Element ( ' div ' , { id:this.options.percentageID , ' style ' :' width:0 px ; ' } ) ; perc.inject(box ) ; box.inject(this.options.container ) ; if ( this.options.displayText ) { var text = new Element ( ' div ' , { id:this.options.displayID } ) ; text.inject(this.options.container ) ; } this.set( this.options.startPercentage ) ; } , //calculates width in pixels from percentage calculate : function ( percentage ) { return ( $( this.options.boxID ).getStyle ( ' width ') .replace ( ' px ' , '') * ( percentage / 100 ) ) .toInt ( ) ; } , //animates the change in percentage animate : function ( to ) { $ ( this.options.percentageID ) .set ( ' morph ' , { duration : this.options.speed , link : ' cancel ' }).morph({width:this.calculate(to.toInt( ) ) } ) ; if ( this.options.displayText ) { $ ( this.options.displayID ) . set ( ' text ' , to .toInt ( ) + '%' ) ; } } , //sets the percentage from its current state to desired percentage set : function ( to ) { this .animate ( to ) ; } } ) ;
The class accepts the following options :
container : element that the entire progress bar gets placed in
element that the entire progress bar gets placed in boxID : the IDof the progress bar 's containing DIV
the IDof the progress bar 's containing DIV percentageID : the ID of the progress bar 's animated / sliding DIV
the ID of the progress bar 's animated / sliding DIV displayID : the ID of the progress bar 's " {x} % " text DIV
the ID of the progress bar 's " {x} % " text DIV startPercentage : the percentage at which you 'd like the progress bar to start at ( defaults to 0 )
the percentage at which you 'd like the progress bar to start at ( defaults to 0 ) displayText : Boolean .
Do you want the progress bar to show the percentage in text format too ?
Boolean .
Do you want the progress bar to show the percentage in text format too ?
speed : speed of the animation to the given percentage
MooTools Usage
//once the DOM is ready window.addEvent ( ' domready ' , function ( ) { /* create the progress bar for example 1 */ pb = new dwProgressBar({ container : $ ( ' put - bar - here ' ) , startPercentage : 25 , speed :1000 , boxID : ' box ' , percentageID : ' perc ' } ) ; /* create the progress bar for example 2 */ pb2 = new dwProgressBar({ container : $ ( ' put- bar - here2 ' ) , startPercentage : 10 , speed :1000 , boxID : ' box2 ' , percentageID : ' perc2 ' , displayID : ' text ' , displayText : true } ) ; /* move the first progress bar to 55 % */ pb.set ( 55 ) ; /* move the second progress bar to 89 % */ pb2.set ( 89 ) ; } ) ;
All you need to do is create an instance of the dwProgressBar and pass your desired options .
It 's quick and easy .
To move the progress bar , all you need to do is call the " set ( ) " method , passing it the desired percentage .
Practical Uses
You could use this progress bar for :
An image preloading script
Form completion tracking
Internal goal tracking applications
Anything you want !
I 've made the progress bar as flexible as possible by allowing the developer to format each generated DIV using CSS .
Also , please feel free to make suggestions for the class .
I may implement them in the future !
This story may not need any more words other than the title to make you laugh out loud , but we ’ll try .
Apparently there are standards for the length of the cucumber and for the curvature of bananas and the European Union wo n’t leave it alone .
They want to make sure these things are and will be properly regulated .
Original image by skycaptaintwo
Europe ( the European Union ) is paying too much attention to an absolutely worthless issues like how are the tractor seats positioned , how to reduce the vibration of paving breakers , the circularity of apples , colors and looks of the eschalot , leek , cauliflower or melons .
They have even dedicated some 36 paragraphs of adequate instructions for all these things .
Anyone interested in coming up with some regulations for how we should dress from now on ?
How long a tie should be , how big buttons should be , and do n’t let the collar get too long or the zipper be too wide .
It ’s just as stupid !
Looks like we ’re not the only ones to blame for bureaucratic absurdity of their actions because European Commission President , Jose Manuel Barroso , acknowledged that other countries laugh at European cucumber standards .
Trust me Mr. Barroso , there ’s a good reason they are laughing .
And they are not laughing because it ’s funny .
As a European citizen , I ’d be happier to know that these people who work for Europe ( that ’s what they do , is n’t it ? ) would rather plant a tree , than being concerned about ridiculous issues just to justify their paychecks .
Europe is losing credibility .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Two storm chasers have filmed the moment a tornado apparently passed over their vehicle in Iowa .
The video showed heavy rains , gusting wind and debris flying around .
It also showed what seemed to be a funnel cloud approaching the vehicle , before engulfing it completely .
It is believed to be the same tornado which tore through a Boy Scouts camping ground in Iowa , killing four people , on Wednesday evening .
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) --
Four Philadelphia police officers will be fired , three others will be disciplined and a supervising sergeant will be demoted because of the violent beating of three suspects caught after a shooting , the city 's mayor and police commissioner said Monday .
Aerial footage from WTXF - TV shows police officers beating suspects in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
On May 5 , a television news helicopter captured footage of more than a dozen predominantly white police officers pulling three African - American men out of a car after a pursuit .
The video footage shows the officers kicking , punching and striking the suspects with batons while the men lie restrained on the ground .
Two of the men were struck at least 20 times each .
Watch the officers pummel the men »
" The video kind of speaks for itself , " Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey told WTXF - TV's " Good Day Philadelphia " on May 6 .
Ramsey and Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter have said the beatings were inexcusable but had nothing to do with race .
See the community reaction to the case »
Police identified the three suspects as Dwayne Dyches , 24 ; Brian Hall , 23 ; and Pete Hopkins , 19 .
They have been charged with criminal conspiracy , aggravated and simple assault and reckless endangerment .
The suspects were believed to have been involved in a triple shooting at a streetcorner , Ramsey said .
Of the 19 officers on the scene when the suspects were apprehended , eight had physical contact with the suspects , and a police review found only one of them to have acted within appropriate limits , he said .
Thirty - fifth District officers Vincent Strain , Patrick Gallagher , Patrick Whalen and Robert Donnelly are being dismissed for indiscriminate use of force , he said .
Narcotics Strike Force officer Sean Bascom , 25th District officer Jonathon Czapor and 35th District officer Demetrios Pittaoulis are being suspended for from five to 15 days .
Although the supervising sergeant on the scene , Joseph Shiavone , did not have physical contact with the suspects , he is being demoted for his failure to intervene or subdue his subordinates .
The district attorney 's office and the FBI will continue their investigations of the incident , Ramsey said .
He also said an outside group , the Police Executive Research Forum , has been contracted to further review the department 's policies and procedures .
Lemoia Dyches , the mother of one of the suspects , said she was unable to see her son after his arrest .
" They would n't even permit his attorney to see him , " she said .
" It strikes me as strange . "
The police commissioner initially said officers had seen the suspects fire shots , injuring three people on a streetcorner .
Three suspects fled the scene in a vehicle , and a fourth -- the shooter -- escaped on foot , Ramsey originally said .
However , media reports this weekend indicate police have changed their account ; they now allege Hopkins was the shooter .
Deputy Commissioner Richard Ross , in charge of field operations , told The Philadelphia Inquirer there was confusion during the investigation over whether the gunman fled or returned to the vehicle .
" We certainly believe based on police witness accounts that four people drive up , " Ross told the newspaper .
" Then three people get back in the car and drive off . "
The gunman got back in the car , Ross said .
Police told the Inquirer they are still seeking a fourth suspect .
Ramsey said the police force has been under stress since Sgt. Stephen Liczbinski was shot and killed with an assault rifle May 3 while responding to a bank robbery .
One suspect in that shooting was killed by police in the confrontation , and another has been apprehended .
A third suspect is at large .
Authorities want to know whether the officers ' emotions over Liczbinski's death -- and their desire to apprehend the suspect who remains at large -- had a role in their actions .
Stress levels among officers on the street are " simply too high , " and the department aims to eliminate 12 - hour shifts , Ramsey said soon after the incident .
CNN 's Mythili Rao contributed to this report .
All About Philadelphia Police Department
Bilal Hussein gazed lovingly at his 1991 Mustang GT convertible .
Sure , it already has a skull in a jester ’s hat stenciled on the hood , but if the sky were the limit , well .
. . .
He ’d add monster tires , a new stereo “ and a set of mufflers that shoot out flames . ”
And his automotive holy grail ?
Hydraulics to make his car bounce like the ones he sees on TV .
“ If only we had the materials here , ” Hussein , a 26 - year - old ambulance driver , said wistfully .
Seif Eddin Abdel Nasser has more modest dreams for his 1993 red Ford Probe with yellow racing stripes and “ Fright Night ” stenciled on the rear window .
Advertisement
“ I just want to be able to drive it all over Baghdad , ” he said .
For now , the 22 - year - old , who works as a security guard for the Baghdad bureau of a Western television news station , feels safe driving only in the fairly quiet , upscale districts of Karada and Jadriya .
“ I never go near Palestine Street , Yarmouk , Beirut Square ” or other dodgy districts , he said .
These are conflicted times for Baghdad ’s tightknit community of car - heads .
Advertisement
The fall of Saddam Hussein has enabled them to create their dream rides like never before .
Hussein ’s notorious son Uday and his cronies personally controlled all car imports into Iraq .
Uday was also a car freak known for on - the - spot confiscations of any vehicle that caught his fancy .
The end of the Hussein era opened Iraq ’s borders to an unrestrained flow of new and used cars , along with exotic parts and Western car magazines .
The MTV show “ Pimp My Ride ” is now a popular feature on Arabic satellite television ; Bilal Hussein , the Mustang driver who dreams of flaming mufflers , is a big fan .
But the dictator ’s ouster also unleashed a new era of Baghdad lawlessness that makes owning a head - turning ride a dangerous hobby .
In addition to the threat from roving gangs of opportunistic carjackers , there are armed fundamentalists , both Sunni and Shiite , who might view an overly showy car as sinfully extravagant .
“ We have the Mahdi Army on one side , Al Qaeda on the other side , thieves everywhere , and we ’re caught in the middle , ” said Hussein , who also sticks to safer streets .
Advertisement
The dangers of the Baghdad streets do n’t seem to discourage Adnan Ghulan , 27 , who , along with his 28 - year - old brother , Hisham , runs an auto repair shop that ’s one of the anchors of the city ’s car culture .
Hussein and Abdel Nasser are regular visitors .
Abdel Nasser often brings in pages from one of his favorite car magazines with suggested designs or modifications for his Probe .
The Ghulan brothers , ethnic Kurds who lived in Jordan for several years and returned to Iraq after Saddam Hussein ’s fall , have owned a succession of hot rods that they describe in loving detail .
“ I want to have a car that makes people turn their heads as I drive by , ” said Adnan Ghulan , who favors sleeveless shirts that show off a collection of tattoos .
Advertisement
Their current pride and joy -- a tricked - out white 1987 BMW M3 with front and rear spoilers , broad blue and red stripes , and a red eagle on the door -- certainly turns heads .
They bought it from a man who put the car in storage for years after being chased by Uday Hussein ’s thugs one night .
Inside , the pimping is even more over the top -- red and yellow leather everywhere , dragons on the floorboards and a set of stereo speakers that take up most of the back seat .
“ We ’re not finished yet , ” said Hisham Ghulan , who would n’t expand on his planned modifications and was reluctant to let his ride be photographed before he was done .
Advertisement
Abu Moustafa , owner of a venerable central Baghdad auto accessories store , has watched the new trends with bemusement .
In business since the 1980s , he used to deal exclusively in practical needs such as seat cushions , brake pedals and mirrors .
After Hussein ’s ouster , demand increased for stenciled designs on car doors -- mostly religious slogans or Iraqi flags .
But in the last year , he said , the requests have become more flamboyant .
Customers want stylized lettering , strange nonsensical slogans in English ( for instance , the Ghulans have a huge red and yellow banner across the top of their windshield that says “ DRAGEN BOL ” ) and the occasional wild animal .
“ One guy requested a large dragon , ” said Abu Moustafa , who has a sign on the wall pleading , “ Please . . . PLEASE no talking about religion or politics . ”
Besides eye - catching details , Iraq ’s resurgent gear heads want speed .
Adnan Ghulan boasts of getting up to 150 mph on the highways , but he frowns on urban street - racing as irresponsible .
He cheerfully acknowledges that his taste in autos makes him a target for carjacking , or worse .
Advertisement
But he ’s supremely confident in his ability to outrun and outmaneuver any threats .
He speaks from experience .
Once , while driving from Amman , Jordan , at night , he was chased by a carload of gunmen outside the city of Ramadi , a former insurgent stronghold .
He cut his lights and floored it all the way to Baghdad , never touching his brakes for fear the lights would give him away .
About 18 months ago , he and a friend were stuck in Baghdad traffic when a car pulled alongside and four armed men emerged and ordered them out of the car .
Against Ghulan ’s advice , his friend got out .
But when the driver of the armed group ’s car left his vehicle , Ghulan hit the gas , jumped the median and took off at top speed against incoming traffic .
His friend was left behind and received a beating .
Advertisement
But in the Wild West of modern - day Iraq , even carjackers need to watch their step .
Hisham Ghulan and Abdel Nasser recently eluded would - be thieves with the same trick of jumping the median and escaping against traffic .
“ We went home and got weapons and came back to look for them , ” Hisham Ghulan said , “ but they were gone . ”
--
ashraf.khalil@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff writer Saif Rasheed contributed to this report .
If you 've been swayed by a campaign to recycle office paper , you should feel ripped off .
Those who really want to save the Earth should be more concerned with their leftovers .
Every year , Americans throw out three times as much food as they do office paper .
That 's 26 million tons of leftovers , compared with 7.4 million tons of office paper , according to the Waste Policy Center , a waste consulting firm in Leesburg , Virginia .
Those numbers demonstrate that eco campaigns do n't always follow eco realities .
Take , for example Vanity Fair 's last " Green Issue " printed on 440 tons of virgin , non-recycled paper .
( Ironically , New Times ' " Green Fatigue " issue is printed on 40 percent recycled paper . )
Info Recycling
In Vanity Fair 's defense , North America has more forest now than it had in 1920 , according to the Society of American Foresters .
We 're not gonna run out of trees anytime soon .
The same goes for sand , which makes glass , and other recycled resources .
So does your recycling do anything for the Earth ?
And if so , what materials should you toss into the bin ?
Here 's the dirt on what you should recycle , what you should n't , and where it all goes .
Our residential curbside bins account for less than half the recycling in the U.S. Between 10 and 20 percent of Phoenix curbside recyclables end up in landfills .
And our bins tend to be stocked with low - value materials .
So should we bother ?
Sure .
Recycling clean waste does save resources .
Certain materials help your city break even on its money - losing curbside program too .
If the following are clean , and if you 're not going out of your way ( which could create more pollution than saved ) , you should toss them into a recycling bin :
• aluminum cans • any clean metal waste • clean newspapers • clean magazines • unshredded mail
Do n't bother recycling the following .
Experts say it either clogs the machines at the recycling facility or is not worth the effort :
• shredded paper • plastic grocery bags • jars with lids screwed on • jars with significant food inside .
Washing them with water wastes a far more valuable resource than landfill space .
• anything that 's been soiled by wet food or waste ; even the napkin you wiped your mouth with after a hot dog with mustard , for example • dirty diapers ( duh ! )
It does n't take much mustard , mayonnaise , or peanut butter to ruin that napkin , particularly given the small amount of paper recovered from a napkin .
On the other hand , a coffee or pizza stain on a newspaper is no big deal because the size of the newspaper outweighs the contamination .
That 's not the case if food is still gooey or wet , which will clog the machinery .
Certain contaminants — anything that 's considered a biohazard — from a dirty diaper to a syringe ( which they actually do see ) mean the entire bin might get thrown into the landfill pile .
Smaller contaminants wo n't spoil the whole load , like that mustard -y napkin , but they do waste time and energy .
Recycling is a business .
It existed commercially long before the curbside craze of the late ' 80s , according to J. Winston Porter , former assistant administrator of the EPA and president of the Waste Policy Center .
Here 's where your bin 's goodies go .
Once you see the process , you 'll know why aluminum cans matter and why shredded paper does n't .
WHAT HAPPENS TO MY RECYCLABLES ?
The contents of your recycling bin go to a materials - recovery facility , known as an MRF .
( Robrt Pela recently spent an afternoon at an MRF . )
In layman 's terms , this is the recycling facility .
Actually , though , nothing is recycled here .
It just gets sorted ( hence its other name , transfer point ) .
Each year , the primary Phoenix MRF throws 19,050 tons of alleged recyclables that do n't make the cut straight into the landfill , according to Terry Gellenbeck , solid waste administrative analyst for the city of Phoenix .
The surviving plastics , papers , and metals total 107,950 tons per year .
That 's about a tenth of what Phoenix puts in landfills each year .
The surviving materials are sorted by human hands and machines .
Then they 're grouped by species and trucked or shipped to companies that buy and re-process those raw materials .
Generally speaking , cities lose money on each ton of recyclables they sell ( the buyers pay less per ton than the city pays to secure and sort each ton ) , according to a 1995 study by the Solid Waste Association of North America .
But you wo n't see that in a press release or on the evening news .
WHAT TO RECYCLE
The chief factors in determining which materials to lob into your recycling bin are cleanliness and value of material .
Ultimately , recycling is a business , and clean , high - value materials fetch the highest prices .
Aluminum is , by far , the most valuable because it's the scarcest .
If you recycle only one product in your lifetime , make it aluminum cans .
Aluminum sells for as much as $ 2,000 per ton .
Other recyclables sell between $ 50 and $ 175 per ton .
To melt and reform aluminum from leftover cans takes only 5 percent of the energy needed to mine bauxite ore out of the Earth and create new aluminum .
Glass and plastics are n't worth much .
They do n't occupy much landfill space , and plastic causes the most trouble at MRFs .
So do n't sit up at night worrying about the glass or plastic you tossed into the regular garbage .
Paulo sez ,
I 'm the guy who made the cloudy timelapse video popularly used later " Anonymous Message to Scientology . "
Three days ago , Google 's copyright bot flagged my own video as infringing because 236.com ( Arianna Huffington 's comedy news outfit ) had posted a parody video using my footage with a content identification sig on it .
When I asked who had flagged my video as infringing in preparation for a dispute , I was told that 236.com had graciously allowed me to keep " their copyrighted video . "
Basically I put out a free public domain video for the internet to use as they wished , 236.com made a thirdhand derivative parody , and through Google Video they made an aggressively claim of copyright over my own material .
At the time of this writing my video has not been restored .
The little b project is an effort to provide an open source language which allows scientists to build mathematical models of complex systems .
The initial focus is systems biology .
The goal is to stimulate widespread sharing and reuse of models .
The little b language is designed to allow biologists to build models quickly and easily from shared parts , and to allow theorists to program new ways of describing complex systems .
Currently , libraries have been developed for building ODE models of molecular networks in multi-compartment systems such as cellular epithelia .
Little b is based in Common Lisp and contains mechanisms for rule - based reasoning , symbolic mathematics and object - oriented definitions .
The syntax is designed to be terse and human - readable to facilitate communication .
The environment is both interactive and compilable .
Cyclist on car hood
Portland police arrested a 21 - year - old man suspected of chasing down a cyclist Sunday and driving off at a high rate of speed -- with the cyclist hanging onto the hood .
James F. Millican was arrested on attempted second - degree assault , driving under the influence of intoxicants , third - degree criminal mischief and reckless driving .
According to a police account , the incident began when the cyclist , Jason Scott Rehnberg , 37 , yelled at Millican to slow down as they were traveling near Southeast 58th Avenue and Washington Street , police said .
Rehnberg told police that " his remarks may have included profanity , " according to a news release .
Millican , angered by the cyclist 's remarks , started to chase Rehnberg in his car , police said .
Rehnberg biked into the neighborhood to avoid him .
After waiting , he returned to Southeast 58th Avenue , police said .
Millican saw the cyclist and allegedly backed his car up to hit Rehnberg , who jumped off the bike just before it was struck by the car , police said .
Rehnberg and two other witnesses tried to block the car , saying they wanted to get the license plate .
Millican allegedly drove at the three and struck Rehnberg , who was thrown onto the hood .
Rehnberg held onto the windshield wipers as the car traveled at a high rate of speed and took a turn .
The car slowed down enough to let Rehnberg off at Southeast 60th Avenue , police said .
He was not injured , according to police .
A witness , who videotaped the event , turned the recording over to police .
Hometowns were not immediately available for either man .
Millican was arraigned today on charges of second - degree kidnapping ( presumably for the ride on the car ) DUII , Reckless Driving and second - degree criminal mischief .
The next court date is July 22 .
Millican asked the judge : " So I have to stay in jail now ... for a whole week ? "
The report comes just days after another high - profile road rage incident in which a driver , who also is a longtime cycling advocate , chided a cyclist for blowing through a stop sign .
The cyclist responded by throwing his bike at the motorist 's car and then allegedly striking the driver with the bike .
The incident sparked hundreds of comments to online sites , reflecting tension between cyclists and motorists about how to share the road .
Many of the comments complained about how the incident was covered .
Read more reaction at BikePortland.org .
View Larger Map
-- Helen Jung ; helenjung@news.oregonian.com
Katrina Hodge is a part - time model and a soldier in the British Army A female soldier who once fought off a suspected Iraqi insurgent has won a place in the final of Miss England .
Katrina Hodge , 21 , will participate in the contest in July , having already won the Miss Tunbridge Wells crown .
L/ Cpl Hodge was nicknamed Combat Barbie in 2005 after being given a bravery commendation for saving the lives of members of her regiment in Iraq .
They were held at gunpoint when their vehicle overturned but L / Cpl Hodge punched the gunman and took his rifles .
She said : " I was in complete shock at first .
The force of the accident caused our vehicle to roll over three times and threw us off guard .
" As I came round , the Iraqi suspect was standing over us with the rifles .
I knew if I did n't act fast then our lives would be in danger .
" I punched him and the force startled him enough for me to retrieve the rifles from him . "
Miss Hodge , a military clerk with The Adjutant General 's Corps , will go on to appear at Miss World 2008 if she wins the English title .
" I was delighted to have been selected for the Miss England final and it is a great honour , " she added .
" Being a part - time model and a serving soldier is certainly a world apart .
I want to use this competition to highlight the work that the Army are doing and what they have done for this country . "
She is currently serving at Frimley Park Hospital in Camberley and will take part in the Miss England national finals on Friday .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In a devastating blow to user rights , an Arizona federal court has ruled that consumers can be guilty of copyright infringement if they violate the end user license agreement ( " EULA " ) that comes with the software -- even where the so - called " violation " is specifically excluded from copyright liability .
Why ?
Because those protections only apply if you own the software you buy -- not if you license it .
Stunningly , this means that " cheating " while playing a computer game can expose you to potentially huge statutory damages for copyright infringement .
As we noted back in May , Blizzard Entertainment , the company that makes the hugely popular massively multi-player online role - playing game World of Warcraft , sued Michael Donnelly , the developer of Glider , a program that helps WoW users raise their character level to 70 by " playing " for the user .
Blizzard said that because the license agreement forbids using Glider with WoW , Glider users are committing copyright infringement when they load copies of WoW into RAM in order to play the game , and Donnelly is illegally contributing to that infringement .
As Public Knowledge explained in its brief , Blizzard 's theory confuses a copyright holder 's intellectual property rights in the software it develops with a buyer 's rights in the actual copy of the software .
An owner of software has a right to copy it if that copy is essential to the customer 's use of the software .
( See Section 117 of the Copyright Act . )
This rule helps balance the rights of the copyright holder to manage and benefit from its expressive work , and the rights of the public to use and build on that work .
Blizzard argued that players are n't owners but merely software licensees , so Section 117 does n't apply .
But the question of whether a user is an owner for purposes of Section 117 depends the substance of the transaction , not just how one party wants to describe it .
For example , if you buy the software , keep it on your own computer and do n't have to return it when you are done , you probably own it .
Sadly , the court in this case found otherwise .
It held that because Blizzard says the software is licensed , and because it imposes restrictions on use ( including such standard restrictions as a requirement that a user who transfers her copy of the software to another must delete all copies from her computer ) .
And that means that users who violate the EULA could be on the hook for copyright damages -- including statutory damages , which start at $ 750 and rise to as high as $ 150,000 per infringed work .
Most disappointing , the court gave short shrift to the absurd policy consequences of treating users who violate a contract as copyright infringers .
The logical implication of the holding is that any time you buy software , be it film editing software , accounting software , iTunes , Skype , etc. , software owners can always use license agreements to prevent you from ever having full control over your software and taking advantage of standard copyright limitations ( such as the right to sell your copy [ Section 109 of the Copyright Act ] or the right to make copies necessary for use of the software [ Section 117 ] ) .
You can buy it , but you ca n’t own it .
But this decision is not the whole story : this is the third holding on the issue by district courts in the Ninth Circuit in the past three months .
Given that the recent decisions vary considerably , it ’s likely the appellate court will address the issue in the near term .
There 's one bright light on the horizon : the court found that WoW Glider does not violate the DMCA anticircumvention provisions by allowing users to evade " Warden , " which scans games players ' computers for unauthorized software .
The DMCA prohibits the manufacture and sale of technology that allows the circumvention of technological measures that control access to a work .
The court correctly held that Warden does n't " control access " to the WoW software already loaded on a user 's computer , and , therefore , WoWGlider does n't circumvent that access .
( Though the court did leave some aspects of the claim open for exploration at trial ) .
Royal Dutch
Shell reignited anger over excessive profits today after revealing it made $ 27.6 billion ( £ 13.9 billion ) in 2007 - a new record for a UK company .
The figure - equivalent to more than £ 1.5 million an hour - prompted a fresh call from unions for a windfall tax on oil companies .
It also comes at a time when motorists are paying forecourt petrol prices of more than £ 1 a litre .
Royal Dutch
Shell 's profits haul for 2007 was 9 per cent higher than a year ago and comes after the price of crude oil rose towards 100 US dollars a barrel .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Unite union said profits in the industry were " obscene " and urged the Government to take action , especially because of rising energy prices .
Joint general secretary Tony Woodley said : " Shell shareholders are doing very nicely whilst the rest of us , the stakeholders , are paying the price and struggling . "
Mr Woodley said that amount of money , added to oil industry profits he put at more than £ 50 billion in the last three years , was " quite frankly obscene " .
He added : " This Government took the brave step of putting a windfall tax on the greedy privatised utilities to fund the New Deal .
With pensions injustices still to be addressed , fortune should favour the brave again and the greedy oil companies should be asked to contribute for the common good . "
The oil firms , including Shell , argue that they make very little money from forecourt operations , adding that they already pay high levels of tax to the Treasury .
In 2005 , Chancellor Gordon Brown increased a North Sea tax on energy companies from the 10 per cent he introduced in 2002 to 20 per cent .
Today 's figures benefited from a better - than - expected finish to 2007 , with fourth quarter profits ahead 11 per cent at $ 6.68 billion ( £ 3.36 billion ) .
That was higher than consensus forecasts for a figure of around $ 5.82 billion ( £ 2.95 billion ) .
The boost came from exploration and production , with the division posting earnings of $ 4.87 billion ( £ 2.45 billion ) , against $ 3.54 billion ( £ 1.78 billion ) a year earlier .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
This reflected the impact of higher oil and gas prices on revenues , which was partly offset by lower production volumes , higher taxes and rising costs .
Shell has also ratcheted up capital spending to seek out new sources of oil and gas , with chief executive Jeroen van der Veer selling off maturing assets to " rejuvenate " the oil major 's portfolio .
He said today : " Overall these are satisfactory results .
We made good progress in 2007 , launched new projects upstream and downstream , and achieved exploration successes . "
AA spokesman Andrew Howard said the responsibility of the oil companies was to produce enough oil to meet world demand .
A windfall tax would just mean more money going to the Government , and less spent on exploration and building new refineries , he said .
" It 's a little bit unfair to criticise the oil companies .
" The world market decides oil prices , not the oil companies .
" It 's the world market that leads to oil companies making big profits . "
Countries such as India and China , which do not produce their own oil , were pushing up the price through increased demand , he said .
" The oil companies need to reinvest this profit back into securing future supplies , and hopefully pushing prices down .
They need to explore new oil fields and build more refineries so that there is no shortage in world supply .
" The key measure is whether , when the world oil price comes down again , petrol prices come down as fast as they went up when the oil price went up .
That will show whether the oil companies are profiteering . "
He added : " What the Government can do is not put 2p on a litre in April .
But every time the fuel price goes up the Government makes its own windfall . "
Kate Gibbs , spokeswoman for the Road Haulage Association , said : " Everyone that works , works to make a profit , but the profits announced today are above and beyond .
" If the general haulier tells you he is breaking even then he is doing well .
A lot of them are operating at a loss because they have to keep passing on the price of fuel .
What we would like to see is something taken off the pump price , but we do n't live in a perfect world . "
She said hauliers could not face another 2p on the price of petrol in April .
On several occasions over the last month , a large , tacky Monster.com truck has parked in front of our SF office , and proceeded to blast loud music , to the point where our front offices were rendered unfit for working .
On the latest occasion , a few of our techies asked the driver to turn down the music , which he was nice enough to do .
He actually turned out to be a sterling fellow , who clearly felt bad about what he ’d been asked to do .
He was good enough to allow us to photocopy his marching orders ( that ’s him holding the fax in photo ) , which are excerpted below :
“ For San Francisco the concept is that we want to make sure this address is on the loop drivers take and if they can be close by during the morning commute , lunch time ( noon thru 2 ) and 5 pm - 6 pm , that would be ideal .
For the rest of the time , please drive through high - pedestrian traffic city locations .
If you can get a picture of the truck parked in front of the Craigslist address , that would be great . ”
Is it possible that Monster is “ green ” with envy , now that our job boards alone receive more employment - related traffic than all of monster.com ?
Related
What are you doing , Electronic Arts ( NASDAQ : ERTS ) ?
This is getting embarrassing .
The leading video game maker is extending its buyout offer to Take - Two Interactive ( NASDAQ : TTWO ) this morning , after it expired yet again last night with less interest than before .
Persistence and loyalty can be honorable traits , but this is n't a Labrador retriever we 're talking about here .
This is a company .
Why ca n't EA take a hint ?
You 're driving the wrong way , EA
Just 6.4 million shares -- 8 % of Take - Two 's outstanding shares -- were tendered to EA when its first offer expired back in April .
It extended the offer , only to see the repeat performance expire with a total of 6.2 million shares tendered last month .
Its latest try ended yesterday , with Take - Two investors offering just 6.1 million shares .
In other words , not only is EA not winning over any new converts , but those already in the mix are getting cold feet and gradually withdrawing their tenders .
Maybe they 're responding to the way EA brashly slashed its offer from $ 26 to $ 25.74 a share , as some silly scare tactic to punish Take - Two for pushing through a costly severance package .
Or maybe it 's the way EA ignores reality .
" Our offer price remains unchanged at $ 25.74 per share , which is a substantial premium to where Take - Two 's stock was trading prior to our offer , " Owen Mahoney , senior vice president of EA Corporate Development , notes in this morning 's press release .
Nice one , Mahoney .
Let me know when you get your head out of that vacuum .
A lot has happened since EA 's original buyout offer .
Take - Two 's Grand Theft Auto IV became the fastest - selling game of all time .
Take - Two has blown past Wall Street 's expectations and ramped up its guidance .
More than just a one - hit wonder , Pirates of the Caribbean mastermind Gore Verbinski has signed on to give Take - Two 's BioShock a theatrical film treatment .
GTA4's success bodes well for deals for digitally delivered episodes through Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) and MP3 sales through Amazon.com ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) .
On the flip side of that coin , a lot has happened to perhaps make EA more desperate .
How many of the 10 best - selling video game titles did EA score last month ?
None .
Over the past three months , analysts have raised their current - year profit targets for Take - Two , Activision ( NASDAQ : ATVI ) , and Konami ( NYSE : KNM ) .
EA joins THQ ( NASDAQ : THQI ) as the rare companies in this industry for which Wall Street is lowering its guesstimates .
, and .
EA joins as the rare companies in this industry for which Wall Street is lowering its guesstimates .
Activision 's ascent is coupled with its acquisition of World of Warcraft wunderkind Blizzard Entertainment .
That move affects EA 's market - leadership position .
This can't end well
What is EA doing here , exactly ?
Is it just waiting until Take - Two takes legal action to recoup the costs of swatting away an insulting offer ?
EA needs to either dust itself off , walk away , and forget it ever wanted Take - Two , or come back with a materially improved offer .
This is n't some John Hughes flick , where the protagonist is losing ground but will still nab a kiss from the love interest whose popularity is on the rise .
This is a sicker tale of obsession , stalking , and delusion .
Hanging around and hoping Take - Two somehow stumbles into its trap is too Boxing Helena for Mr. Market 's taste .
When will EA take a closer look in the mirror to realize that it 's the one running low on arms and legs ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
There are so many problems with John McCain ’s idea that we ’re going to use offshore drilling to alleviate high gas prices and get us out of our current energy pickle .
First , there is n’t all that much oil to be found in the continental United States and sucking it out of the ground wo n’t lower prices substantially .
Second , there are no ships available to serve new rigs .
Third , oil companies currently have leases for some offshore drilling that they are n’t using .
Fourth , it will take seven to ten years before we can actually get at the oil off American shores , if we were to start drilling today .
Fifth , it presents serious environmental concerns .
It ’s an ineffective attempt at a quick fix .
In so far as it keeps Americans from thinking about and coming to terms with long - term structural changes that will actually solve the energy crisis , it ’s an incredibly damaging idea .
You do n’t have to be a Democrat to understand this .
Florida House Speaker Marco Rubio , a Republican , is calling out McCain :
“ For anyone to represent that someone drilling off the coast in Florida is going to lower gas prices here or anywhere in this country is disingenuous and a flawed argument , ” he said .
“ Oil drilling could take 10 years before any oil is pulled out of the ground , and there are a large number of leases held by oil companies that are not being exploited now .
We ca n’t say we need more until we ’ve exploited those . ”
H/T Think Progress .
We are spending the first week of our holiday in Fregene , near Rome .
Most of the beaches here are run as private beach clubs or ' stabilimenti ' .
Those few public beaches left are littered with trash , have little or no waste bins , no facilities and look like then are never cleaned up .
Paper wraps , plastic bottles , cigarette butts , broken glass and a lonesome car tire decorate the public beach we walked on two days ago .
The private beaches , or stabilimenti , run all the way from the beach road to the water , and often consist of a bar and restaurant , toilet and changing facilities .
They rent out beach chairs and umbrellas , and some also have a small pool , beach volley - ball nets and a climbing toys for the kids .
Their beaches are cleaned up daily , and are relatively clean - dependent a bit on which stabilimenti you choose .
When we went to beach around Monday , I was surprised about the price tag for a family of four at the Italian beach ...
Four beach chairs and two umbrellas set us back for € 56 ( say around US$ 90 ) .
Access to the pool was extra .
A down to earth coffee and cornetto ( a croissant ) breakfast for four in one of the beach side cafes costs around € 30 ( US $ 48 ) .
A two simple course lunch for two adults and two kids typically will go no less than € 100 ( US $ 160 ) and a dinner easily sets you back for another € 150 ( US $ 240 ) .
The bill for the day : US$ 500 .
And that is without the rent for an apartment or hotel room ... Knowing Italians are sun seekers , no wonder protests about beach prices start hitting the news , even abroad More posts on The Road about Italy
( NewsTarget )
There is new concern over evidence that growth and sex hormones in beef can cause genital abnormalities in boys , and early onset of puberty in girls .
British Veterinary Products Committee ( VPC ) member and chemical expert John Verall was appointed to the government 's VPC to represent consumer interests .
He recently defied a government gag order , revealing evidence from the study which showed a rise in the rates of breast and prostate cancer in the United States , where two - thirds of all cattle are pumped full of hormones .
Of special concern to Verall are the hormones melegestrol acetate , progesterone , testosterone , trenbolone and zeranol .
These hormones are known to disrupt the body 's natural balance , causing a number of biological effects .
" There is clear evidence of the risk to human health posed by these hormones , " Verall said , citing research that showed oestradiol is considered to be a cancer risk .
Studies show that 97 of every 100,000 U.S. women have breast cancer , whereas only 67 of every 100,000 European women are afflicted .
Verall added that according to recent studies , children are particularly sensitive to these hormones , which can cause " sudden growth or breast development , even at levels which are difficult to detect in the laboratory . "
Currently , the European Union prohibits the use of growth or sex hormones to speed the maturity of cattle and fatten them up , but there are doubts as to whether the ban has been enforced , because there is no testing for hormone residue in beef imported to the EU .
The U.S. government has attempted to have the ban lifted , a move supported by Prime Minister Tony Blair and his administration .
###
KABUL , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Afghan troops , backed by Canadian forces , launched an operation Wednesday to push Taliban militants from villages in southern Afghanistan as the UK revealed four more of its troops had been killed .
Canadian soldiers are backing Afghan troops as they try to oust the Taliban from villages in southern Afghanistan .
The operation is targeting villages in the Arghandab district of Kandahar province , where 400 militants escaped from prison in a jailbreak Friday .
The four British soldiers were killed Tuesday in a separate operation in Lashkar Gah , also in southern Afghanistan .
The troops began moving into Arghandab Wednesday morning , said Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zahir Azimi .
By noon , the soldiers had gotten into " minor clashes " with insurgents , but no casualties had been reported , said Mark Laity , a spokesman for the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) .
Even with the operation underway , NATO said it had seen no evidence of an increased Taliban presence in the region .
" The scale of the challenge is currently unknown but what we failed to find is the large grouping [ of militants ] that some people claimed , " Laity said .
He said the reports of militants overrunning villages was Taliban " propaganda " meant to scare people .
The Afghan army and police were conducting the operation with assistance from Canadian troops , who are part of the NATO alliance .
Throughout the night and into early Wednesday morning , residents saw row upon row of military convoys moving into the district .
As the operation got underway Wednesday morning , planes and helicopters buzzed overhead , residents said .
Local elders said hundreds of militants streamed into the villages late Sunday night on motor bikes and pickups .
Then , in apparent preparation for an impending military operation , they planted mines , destroyed bridges and forced villagers to stay and fight alongside them , a tribal elder said .
NATO aircraft dropped hundreds of leaflets Monday asking residents to stay inside their homes , saying troops were " coming to remove the enemies of Afghanistan . "
Even as they did so , however , NATO and U.S. authorities said they had seen no evidence of an increased Taliban presence in the region .
" Today ISAF soldiers along with the ANSF [ Afghan National Security Forces ] conducted a show of force in Kandahar City and Arghandab District , " said Col. Jamie Cade , deputy commander of Task Force Kandahar , in a statement Wednesday .
" There were no obvious signs of insurgent activity and it is clear that Kandahar City remains firmly under the control of the Afghan government and its people . "
The ISAF statements contradicted comments by Afghan officials , who said they had deployed thousands of troops -- with reinforcements from the capital city of Kabul -- to rout the rebels .
Locals differed on the number of villages they said the Taliban had seized , with figures varying from five to 13 .
The villages are about 20 km ( 12 miles ) north of Kandahar , near the prison .
Kandahar province is where the Taliban first rose to power and where it made its last stand before being toppled by U.S. - led forces in late 2001 .
Meanwhile , the British soldiers were killed as they took part in an operation east of Lashkar Gah , the British Ministry of Defence said in a statement .
The blast killed three soldiers immediately while a fourth died later , the ministry said .
One of the victims served in the Intelligence Corps .
A fifth soldier was wounded and is in stable condition .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown mourned the loss .
" They were in the most dangerous of jobs in the most difficult of circumstances .
I salute not just their bravery , dedication and professionalism but that of all our armed forces , " he said in a statement .
" Our troops are the best in the world and fighting for the noblest of causes . "
The explosion occurred a day after Brown announced that Britain would send more troops to Afghanistan .
British troops there primarily serve in the southern province of Helmand , where allied forces are battling a resurgent Taliban .
Defense Secretary Des Browne said Britain would increase its troop presence in Afghanistan from 7,800 to 8,030 by next spring .
-- Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report
All About The Taliban • Afghanistan • Afghanistan War • Kandahar • NATO
NEW YORK -- Bobby Murcer succeeded Mickey Mantle , played in
pinstripes with Don Mattingly and watched proudly from the
broadcast booth when the New York Yankees returned to power .
A cherished link from former Yankees greats to the club's
current stars , Murcer died Saturday due to complications from a
malignant brain tumor , the team said .
He was 62 .
In his final moments , Murcer was surrounded by family at Mercy
Hospital in his hometown of Oklahoma City , the Yankees said .
A
five - time All - Star outfielder , he spent nearly four decades with
New York as a player , executive and announcer .
" Bobby Murcer was a born Yankee , a great guy , very well - liked
and a true friend of mine , " owner George Steinbrenner said .
" I
extend my deepest sympathies to his wife Kay , their children and
grandchildren .
I will really miss the guy . "
Murcer was diagnosed with a brain tumor on Christmas Eve 2006
after having headaches .
He had surgery that week in Houston and
doctors later discovered the tumor was malignant .
Determined to be
around his beloved Yankees , Murcer returned to the broadcast booth
last year and briefly this season .
The only person to play with Mantle and Mattingly , the popular
Murcer hit .277 with 252 home runs and 1,043 RBIs in 17 seasons
with the Yankees , San Francisco and the Chicago Cubs .
He made the
All - Star team in both leagues and won a Gold Glove .
Bobby Murcer played 17 seasons in the majors with the Yankees , Giants and Chicago Cubs .
Jim McIsaac / Getty Images
" All of Major League Baseball is saddened today by the passing
of Bobby Murcer , particularly on the eve of this historic All - Star
game at Yankee Stadium , a place he called home for so many years , "
commissioner Bud Selig said .
" Bobby was a gentleman , a great
ambassador for baseball , and a true leader both on and off the
field .
He was a man of great heart and compassion . "
Always a fan favorite in New York and known for his folksy
manner as a broadcaster , Murcer won three Emmy Awards for live
sports coverage .
His most dramatic words came during his time as a
player on one of the saddest days in Yankees history .
Murcer delivered one of the eulogies in Ohio after captain
Thurman Munson was killed in a plane crash in August 1979 .
The team
flew home after the funeral and , that night , Murcer hit a three - run
homer and then a two - run single in the bottom of the ninth to beat
Baltimore 5 - 4 .
A tearful Murcer fell into the arms of teammate Lou Piniella
after the game and gave his bat to Munson 's wife .
" There is no way to explain what happened , " Murcer said .
" We
used every ounce of strength to go out and play that game .
We won
it for Thurman . "
The Yankees learned of Murcer 's death Saturday after a 9 - 4
victory in Toronto .
Visibly upset , players such as Mariano Rivera ,
Derek Jeter and Andy Pettitte spoke softly about how much Murcer
meant to them .
" He touched everybody , " Rivera said .
" One of the greatest Yankees of all - time , " Alex Rodriguez
added .
" One of the greatest human beings I ever met . "
It was the second consecutive summer that the Yankees lost a
former star and beloved broadcaster .
Hall of Fame shortstop Phil
Rizzuto died in August 2007 .
Now , the Yankees are mourning Murcer .
" If there 's a Hall of Fame for people , he 's in it , " Reggie Jackson said .
" He was such a good person , and he was appreciative of the people who cared so much for him . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Congress voted to halt planned cuts in Medicare payments to doctors Tuesday , overriding President Bush 's veto in a battle that pitted health insurers against physicians .
President Bush says he objects to the bill because it takes choices " away from seniors to pay physicians . "
The new law stops a 10.6 percent cut in Medicare payments to doctors , part of a scheduled cost - saving formula that went into effect July 1 .
The money for the doctors will be taken from the government - subsidized Medicare Advantage program , which the Bush administration strongly supports .
Bush spiked the bill Tuesday , telling lawmakers they would be " taking choices away from seniors to pay physicians . "
" I urge the Congress to send me a bill that reduces the growth in Medicare spending , increases competition and efficiency , implements principles of value - driven health care and appropriately offsets increases in physician spending , " he said in his veto message .
The Senate voted 70 - 26 to enact the law over Bush 's objections , the third time in his presidency that Congress has overridden his veto .
The margin in the House of Representatives was a lopsided 383 - 41 , well beyond the two - thirds majority needed .
The American Medical Association lobbied heavily for the bill , warning that its members could be forced to curtail seeing Medicare patients if the cuts went into effect .
But insurers , which receive government subsidies to offer Medicare Advantage plans , warned that 2 million seniors could lose health benefits if it passed .
Do n't Miss Kennedy helps break Republican filibuster
Kennedy helps break Republican filibuster Senate GOP pressured to stop Medicare ' meltdown '
A total of 21 Senate Republicans joined 47 Democrats and two independents in the override vote .
Supporters broke a GOP - led filibuster of the bill last week , aided by the dramatic return of Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts .
Kennedy 's vote came in his first appearance on the Senate floor since surgery to remove a brain tumor in early June .
Though he did not vote Tuesday , Kennedy praised his colleagues for overriding the " misguided " veto .
" It 's a great vote , and a great day for America 's seniors , " he said in a written statement .
Those Republicans who opposed the bill argued that it would roll back many of the changes made to Medicare in 2003 , when Congress created privately run , government - subsidized prescription drug coverage and expanded the role of private insurers in other coverage .
" These are not pro-patient policies , " said Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Arizona .
" Rather , the bill reduces access , benefits and choices for Medicare beneficiaries . "
But critics of the 2003 reforms say Medicare Advantage subsidies end up costing more than the government would pay to cover the same people through regular Medicare , the federal health insurance program for seniors .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the bill will reduce federal spending by $ 12.5 billion by 2013 , largely by reducing Medicare Advantage enrollment .
Sen . Patty Murray , D - Washington , said the bill also made " vital improvements " by supporting rural health care and lowering fees for mental health care .
" Today , we can stand up for Medicare , " she said .
" We did it last week , when we came together and voted for this measure by a veto - proof margin , and I believe we can do it today by overriding that veto . "
Congress had passed only two bills over Bush 's objections : a $ 23 billion water - project legislation that the president vetoed in 2007 and a $ 300 billion farm bill he spiked in May .
The Medicare system pays for the health care of roughly 40 million elderly Americans .
Rising health care costs have made Medicare a growing part of the federal budget , and the stress on the system is increasing as more baby boomers reach retirement age .
While the debate was raging over the bill , the AMA said the cuts could lead to a " meltdown " of the government 's health care system for the elderly .
A recent survey by the group found that 60 percent of physicians will be forced to limit the number of new Medicare patients they can take on if the cuts go into effect .
" We stand at the brink of a Medicare meltdown .
...
For doctors , this is not a partisan issue ; it 's a patient access issue , " AMA President Nancy Nielsen said in a statement after last week 's Senate vote .
The AMA ran radio and TV ads over the July Fourth congressional recess targeting 10 Republican senators , seven of whom are up for re-election .
The AARP , the nation 's largest organization of retired people , and other groups also are weighing in against the cuts .
Gerald Harmon , a family physician who practices in Pawleys Island , South Carolina , said the cuts could lead to doctors taking fewer Medicare patients , making it difficult for the program 's elderly patients to get the care they need .
" This Medicare access problem is a real issue , not just a political football , " said Harmon , who said 35 percent of his patients were eligible for Medicare .
" It affects your dad when he 's sick .
It affects my patients in my practice .
This has to be addressed . "
CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .
All About Medicare • American Medical Association
HARARE , Zimbabwe 
As President Robert Mugabe defied intensifying international condemnation to insist that Friday ’s presidential runoff would proceed , a picture was emerging on Thursday of the circumstances under which Zimbabweans would be forced to go to the polls , and what they might face if they resisted .
Voting is set to begin at 7 a.m..
Zimbabweans expect to be rounded up and taken to the polls .
If they are unable to read or do not understand how to vote , according to a journalist in the state - owned news media , they will be “ assisted ” by a police officer who has already voted publicly in front of a senior officer , as apparently all members of the armed forces are required to do .
Citizens of voting age without an inked finger , which indicates that they have voted , will be regarded as traitors and subject to reprisals , the journalist said .
The opposition leader , Morgan Tsvangirai , told the BBC on Thursday , “ There could be a massive turnout not because of the will of the people , but because of the role of the military and the role of traditionally people being forced to the polls . ”
Yesterday , in Part 1 of the Art of Manliness ’ Guide to Snakes , we discussed how to identify various poisonous serpents .
But knowing your enemy is only half the battle .
You should also know how to avoid being bitten and what to do if you are .
Therefore , today in Part 2 we present more necessary man vs. snake knowledge : how to avoid and treat a snakebite .
How to Avoid a Snake Bite
While the behavior of snakes is obviously not 100 % predictable , you can minimize your chances of being bitten by taking several basic precautions .
If you want to avoid being at the receiving end of a pair of venomous fangs , follow these simple guidelines while out romping in the wilderness :
Avoid tall grass .
Many of the snakes mentioned in Part 1 of this post like to hang out in grassy areas and heavy underbrush .
If you can , stick to the trails so you can clearly see what you ’re stepping on .
If you have to go off trail , be attentive lest you inadvertently step on a sleeping rattlesnake .
If you must venture through tall grass , carry a stick and use it to probe the ground in front of you .
And remember , there are always exceptions to the rule ; a snake could very well be curled up in the middle of a well groomed trail .
Always be aware of your surroundings .
Remember that snakes can climb .
While they ’re not squirrels , snakes can slither up trees and bushes .
Most people never imagine they ’ll see a snake at eye level , and are thus quite vulnerable to an aerial attack .
The last thing you want is to feel that forked tongue on your face , so keep your wits about you .
Check before you stick your hand into a crevasse .
Because snakes are pure evil , they like to hang out in the dark .
Holes , a hollow log , or a crevasse in a rock are perfect places for a snake to hide .
So before you go sticking your hand in any dark hole , check to make sure there is n’t a snake ( or another critter ) in there .
Zombie snake attack .
Say you find a dead snake that you want to take and turn into a pair of snakeskin boots .
Right on .
But be careful when picking it up .
Freshly dead snakes still have reflexes and can still bite you if you ’re not careful .
I ’ve seen a dead snake slither around firsthand .
It ’s really creepy .
Plus , many snakes are pretty sloth - like during the daytime .
And they ’re quite skillful at keeping completely still ; it ’s how they catch their prey .
So a snake sunning himself may look good and dead , but may very well be sleeping with one beady eye open , its little reptilian brain thinking , “ Just try it buddy . ”
Do n’t sleep in the enemy ’s lair .
Most snakes are nocturnal , so you do n’t want to let down your guard come sunset .
Do n’t make your camp in snake territory .
Avoid sleeping near a log or large branch , in tall grass , or next to rocky areas .
And of course zip up your tent tight .
Snakes may have those fierce fangs , but alas , they lack an opposable thumb .
Keep your boots inside the tent ( most tents come with shoe pockets ) and make sure to zip the tent up again in the morning , lest a snake invite himself in while you ’re on a hike .
Wear heavy boots and pants .
If you ’re going to be out exploring in the uncivilized wilderness , make sure your lower extremities are protected .
Heavy boots and pants not only protect against fierce snakes but also your ankle ’s other nemesis - ticks .
Bonus Tip : Always Check The Overhead Compartment For Snakes
The Do ’s and Don’ts of How to Treat a Snake Bite
No amount of precaution can prevent every bite .
Sometimes accidents happen .
And if it does happen , it ’s important for you to immediately know what to do .
Do n’t be caught with a snakebite in the middle of the woods , scratching your head trying to remember this stuff ; sear it into your brain .
Getting bitten by a venomous snake is serious business .
While the reactions vary from snake to snake , all venom is essentially designed to immobilize the victim and start the process of digestion .
Venom is basically toxic snake saliva , ready to turn you into dinner .
So if you ’re bitten , seek medical attention immediately , even if you do n’t think the snake is poisonous .
Better to be safe than sorry .
Do :
1 . Wash the bite with soap and water as soon as possible .
You want to remove as much of the snake ’s spit as you can .
2 . Keep the bitten area below the heart .
This is done to slow the flow of the venom .
3 . Take off any rings or watches .
The venom is going to make you swell , and jewelry might cut off your circulation .
4 . Tightly wrap a bandage two to four inches above the bite .
If you ca n’t reach medical care within 30 minutes , wrap a bandage around the bitten appendage .
This is to assist in reducing the flow of venom .
You want to make it tight , but not too tight as to completely cut off the appendage ’s circulation .
That will only cause tissue damage .
5 . If you have a snake bite kit , place the suction device over the bite to help draw the venom out of the wound .
Leave on for a maximum of ten minutes .
If used properly , a suction device can remove up to 30 % of the venom .
Interesting Fact : “ Antivenin ” is made by first milking a snake ’s fangs for its venom and then injecting a non-lethal dose of that venin into a horse .
The horse naturally builds up antibodies to the venom .
Its blood is then collected and the antibodies are extracted and made into antivenin for humans .
Cool .
Do n’t :
1 . Cut the wound .
While watching an old Western , you might have seen a cowboy making an incision above the snakebite in order to “ drain ” the venom .
This is n’t a smart move because you increase the chances of causing an infection in the area .
2 . Suck the venom .
Another remedy we all have seen in the movies is people sucking the venom out with their mouth .
You do n’t want the venom in your mouth where it can get back into your bloodstream .
3 . Apply ice to the wound .
Ice can cause tissue and skin damage and inhibits the removal of venom when using a suction device .
4. Panic .
If you ’ve been bitten , try to avoid freaking out .
If you ’re with someone who has been bitten , try to keep them calm .
The more you move and the faster your heart beats , the quicker the venom is going to be circulated throughout your body .
So do your best to stay calm and remain as still as humanely possible .
In 2004 , EA struck a deal with the NFL , the Arena Football League , and the NCAA to become the only game publisher allowed to use the likeness of teams , players , and stadiums .
Since then , EA has been in control of the interactive football market , but is that illegal ?
Two gamers think so , as they are filing a class action lawsuit against EA for anticompetitive practices .
" Electronic Arts has the ability to raise the price of its interactive football software substantially for a significant period of time without consumers substituting another product ....
EA now has a monopoly on the market for interactive football software . "
A monopoly ?
No one is keeping a competitor from releasing a football game ; they simply can't use players , stadiums , or teams affiliated with any of the organizations EA has agreements with .
Ars Technica contacted one of the lawyers for the plaintiffs , Stuart M. Paynter , and his response was blunt .
" We do n't believe there is a market for interactive football that is not based on real players and teams . "
Here 's how we got into the current situation .
Before the EA signed its deal with the NFL in 2004 , Take Two Interactive and Sega partnered to release a football game , NFL 2K5 .
The game did many things that its competition did n't , such as offer an extensive online
league system , and was released to critical acclaim , as well as strong sales .
The price point , $ 19.99 , could n't have hurt .
EA 's Madden series
was facing some stiff competition in both quality and pricing , and
three months after release of the company 's yearly Madden product , the
price was dropped from $ 49.95 to $ 29.95 .
It was the last time the football video game market saw competitive pricing .
Was EA the one responsible for anticompetitive practices ?
In an interview with GameTap , Peter Moore claims it was the NFL that sought the deal .
" To be clear , the NFL was the entity that wanted the exclusive relationship .
EA bid , as did a number of other companies , for the exclusive relationship , " Moore explained .
" It was n't on our behest that this went exclusive ...
We bid and we were very fortunate and lucky and delighted to be the winning licensee . "
Paynter is n't buying that argument .
" First off , it takes two to tango , it takes two to sign a contract , " he told Ars .
" From our perspective , they do n't just have a contract with the NFL , but the players union ...
Arena Football , and NCAA Football .
No one forced EA to sign that entire series . "
The NFL deal is a small part of what gives EA a monopoly on interactive football .
EA aggressively went after what can only be described as a suite of exclusivity deals , and this move seems specifically designed to make sure no one else could create a compelling or realistic football title .
The suit is asking for , among other things , " restitution and / or Damages to class members for the purchase of the software . "
EA has released multiple , high - selling football titles since this deal was signed .
Assigning a dollar amount to these damages could be complicated .
" The general matter under antitrust is the amount of the overcharge ; the price it would have sold under in the competitive market , " Paynter explained .
Even if EA would have only dropped its price $ 5 for each football title sold , the damages awarded could be extensive .
EA told Ars it can't comment on matters of pending litigation .
No matter the outcome of this class action complaint , it 's clear that less choice is never a good thing for consumers .
This is all old news for fans of football games , however .
What should be even more disturbing is the looming threat of EA purchasing Take - Two .
If that goes through , EA will control almost every sports franchise — including Take Two 's All Pro Football 2K8 — in the world of gaming .
Monopoly indeed .
Further reading :
It appears Elvis was always the King of Rock .
A 1,800 - year old Roman bust that looks strikingly like Elvis Presley is set to go on the auction block in London .
The hunka hunka chiseled stone is a marble acroterion – a carved head from a sarcophagus corner – and will be part of a $ 2 million collection of more than 150 ancient works up for grabs Oct. 15 .
Australian art collector Graham Geddes , who owns the lot , even calls the carving “ Elvis . ”
The resemblance is so uncanny that one can almost see the country crooner ’s famous lip snarl and hear the twang of an acoustic guitar in the background .
The second - century bust is estimated to fetch between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000 .
“ Fans of the King of Rock ‘ n ’ Roll , seeing this face from the distant past , will be forgiven for thinking that their idol may well have lived a previous life in Rome , ” said Julian Roup , spokesman for Bonhams auction house , which is overseeing the sale .
He called it the “ strangest item in the sale , certainly to modern eyes . ”
hasani.gittens@nypost.com
Sales of existing homes here are down 22.5 percent from the first quarter of 2007 , according to G. Donald Jud , a University of North Carolina economist who tracks the market for local Realtors , compared with a 21.7 percent drop in home sales nationally .
Unemployment in the Greensboro area averaged 5.1 percent in April , versus 5 percent nationwide .
The mortgage delinquency rate of 4.04 percent , meanwhile , is nearly identical to the country ’s rate , 4.35 percent .
Image
In some developments in the Greensboro market , construction has stopped on half - built houses .
Credit ... Sara D. Davis for The New York Times
“ In some ways , Greensboro got caught up in the national housing boom , ” Mr. Jud says .
“ It was neither a bubble nor a bust , but people in the middle are now feeling the pinch from rising costs and getting overextended . ”
Greensboro has fared better than other places in terms of foreclosures , though they were up 23 percent in April , versus the same month a year earlier ; nationally , the jump was roughly 65 percent .
“ But that ’s still pretty high for us , ” Mr. Jud says .
“ The market is still weakening , inventories are growing and sales prices are dropping . ”
Across the nation , foreclosures are expected to keep rising , flooding the market with more homes .
In Greensboro at the end of the first quarter , nearly 2,500 homes were on the market , up nearly 12 percent from December .
And it ’s midprice residences that have been hardest hit .
While sales of properties valued at less than $ 150,000 are down 13.3 percent from a year ago , sales of homes between $ 150,000 and $ 350,000 are off more than 27 percent .
The one exception to this otherwise sobering picture is Irving Park , a gracious neighborhood where some of Greensboro ’s original tobacco and textile heirs still reside .
Like other wealthy enclaves such as Menlo Park , Calif. , Irving Park has escaped much of the downdraft affecting outlying suburbs like Summerfield , where the Schneiders ’ home is for sale .
But over drinks in the wood - paneled dining room of the Greensboro Country Club , there are whispers that even Irving Park may be susceptible to the downturn .
More properties are selling at substantial discounts , at least one member ’s million - dollar home is in foreclosure , and a prominent local bankruptcy lawyer says he is seeing a new kind of client .
As recently as two years ago , says the lawyer , Charles M. Ivey III , “ I felt like I was a veterinarian for dinosaurs  clients were disappearing . ”
Now , he ’s seeing more and more of what he calls “ paper millionaires , ” real estate investors who thought that the good times would go on forever .
“ Mostly they bought a slew of properties , hoping to flip them and with refinancing , they thought they could stretch it out , ” Mr. Ivey says .
“ Hopefully , we can buy enough time to sell off their properties . ”
At a Fourth of July celebration at Monticello ( Jefferson ’s home ) President Bush misquoted Jefferson .
Here ’s what Bush said :
On the 50th anniversary of America ’s independence , Thomas Jefferson passed away .
But before leaving this world , he explained that the principles of the Declaration of Independence were universal .
In one of the final letters of his life , he wrote , “ May it be to the world , what I believe it will be — to some parts sooner , to others later , but finally to all — the signal of arousing men to burst the chains , and to assume the blessings and security of self - government . ”
But what Jefferson actually wrote contains an anti-religious statement :
May it be to the world , what I believe it will be , ( to some parts sooner , to others later , but finally to all ) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves , and to assume the blessings and security of self - government .
It is ironic that Bush , who edited Jefferson , so actively promotes “ monkish ignorance and superstition ” .
Update : See also Part 2
When all the dust had settled and the knife rampage in Tokyo's Akihabara district last Sunday , which took the lives of seven people and left at least 17 injured , had come to a close , many were left wondering what it all really meant .
Some pointed the finger at video games , while others pushed for stronger net monitoring .
But while news media commentators tried to ease anxiety [ ja ] that there might be deeper social forces at play in murderer Tomohiro Kato 's motives , bloggers offered less simplistic interpretations .
Video taken just after the killing
One of the common themes that many bloggers were writing about are the conditions of so - called temp workers ( “ haken rōdōsha ” , or in Japanese 派遣労働者 ) .
Between 2000 and 2007 , the number of temp workers in Japan , hired on short - term contracts at lower wages than full - time employees and with very little job security , increased by 4.5 million .
Kato worked at an automobile factory of Kanto Auto Works ( 関東自動車 ) under Toyota , contracted through temp agency Nikken Sogyo Co. [ ja ] ( 日研総業 ) .
At the webpage of allneetnippon , an NGO tackling the problems of Japan 's working poor , director Yamamoto Shigeru ( 山本繁 ) gives an indication of what temp work is like :
派遣のような期限の決められた働き方では、安定的な人間関係はなかなか生まれない。3ヶ月や半年、長くても2年、3年で職場を転々としていく。しかもそれが自分だけではないから、孤立化に一層拍車がかかっていく……。
The kind of fixed - period work that you get in temp employment hardly ever results in stable relationships .
You switch workplaces every 3 months or one year , or at most every two or three years .
And this is not just you [ it is other people as well ] , so isolation will further increase … .
昨日の秋葉原の事件についてネットでいろいろ調べたりして、孤独が絶望を生んでいるように僕には思える。静岡のど田舎で自動車部品工場で働きながら、派遣会社が用意した単身者用住居に住み込みで働く生活は、どれほど寂しく、苦しいものだろうか。
I had a look around at various places on the net about the incident yesterday in Akihabara , and my feeling [ from what I found ] is that isolation is giving birth to a despair .
Working at an auto parts factory in a rural place like Shizuoka , living in a single - room residence prepared by the temp agency , is there any more lonely , any more painful a life than this ?
In an article at magazine9 , Amamiya Karin ( 雨宮処凜 ) describes meeting someone who had been working at a Toyota factory through the same temp agency :
昨年末、名古屋である男性に会った。犯人と同じ日研総業から愛知県のトヨタ車体の工場に派遣されていた２４歳の男性は、昨年９月１８日、「１０月９日をもって雇い止め」と通告された。幸い彼は労組に加入していたので団体交渉をし、「一ヵ月の生活保障 」 「( それまで住んでいた ) 寮の確保 」 、「就業先の紹介」を勝ち取った。が、日研総業はその一ヵ月の間、彼に一件の仕事も紹介せず、一ヵ月が経つと賃金を打ち切り、会社の借り上げアパートである寮から追い出した。その結果、彼は路頭に迷い、名古屋のホームレス一時保護所に収容された。
At the end of last year , I met a guy from Nagoya .
Just like the offender [ Tomohiro Kato ] , he had been dispatched by Nikken Sogyo to a Toyota car frame factory in Aichi prefecture , and received a notice on September 18th that : “ On October 10th , your employment will be terminated . ”
Luckily he had joined the labor union so he entered into collective bargaining , and he was able to win “ one month of life security ” , “ guarantee [ that he could stay in ] the dorm ( where he had been living up until then ) ” , and “ referral (s ) for future employment ” .
But in that period of one month , Nikken Sogyo [ the temp agency ] did not refer him to a single job , and when the one month was over his wages stopped and he was thrown out of his dorm which he had been renting from the company .
As a result , he ended up on the streets , and within a short time he was admitted into a Nagoya homeless shelter .
Blogger qushanxin brings up the issue of discrimination against so - called “ NEETs ” and “ freeters ” in Japanese society :
貧困をめぐる社会運動は生存に軸足を置いているが、やはりそれと同時に差別を問題にしなければならない。というのは、もし「フリーター」と呼ばれる人々に、彼らが求める水準の生活保護や社会保障が充足されたとしても、安定した正社員層の、「なんで努力もしていない連中に俺たちの税金が・・・」というルサンチマンがむしろ募っていくだけだからである（これは「日本社会に溶け込む努力もしていない外国人なんぞに・・・」という人種差別の理屈と紙一重である）。何度も書いてきたことだが、マックやコンビニの店員が「まもとな社会人」として認知されるべきだという規範的な問題が、生存の問題と同時に語られなければならない。両者は密接な因果関係にあり、一方だけを切り離して論じると非常に危険であると考える。今の「生存」を掲げる運動には、「小難しい規範的なことなど生存が満たされてから考えればよいこと」という雰囲気を感じるが、これは全く間違っていると言っておきたい。
The social movement surrounding poverty centers itself on [ the issue ] of survival , but actually it must at the same time also question the problem of discrimination .
I say this because , suppose for example that the demands for standard livelihood protection and social security of the people called “ freeters ” were satisfied , this would just cause the resentment that “ our tax money is going to those guys who do n't even work hard … ” to build up among regular full - time employees with stable work ( there is a fine line between this idea and the racist theory of “ foreigners who do not even try to blend into Japanese society … ” ) .
I 've written this many times before , but the problem of survival has to be discussed together with the normative problem that employees of McDonald 's and convenience stores must be recognized as “ true members of society ” [ shakaijin ] .
Both problems are closely correlated , and I think it is thus extremely dangerous to separate them and deal with them on their own .
One can sense in the movement right now for “ survival ” an atmosphere of “ we can think about the troublesome normative issues once survival is satisfied ” , but what I want to say is that this [ thinking ] is totally mistaken .
今回の秋葉原の事件がこの問題に関係しているのかどうかわからないが、もしそうだと仮定としたとして、犯罪心理学者とかいう肩書きの人が言っているような「自己顕示欲」「不満の吐け口」という無内容な解釈ではなく、私はもっとスレートに、秋葉原に歩いているような「普通の市民」（実際そうではないとしても）を憎悪していた可能性のほうが高いと考えるべきである。つまり、「フリーター」や「ニート」と呼ばれるような人々にとっては、「普通の市民」こそが日々侮蔑的・差別的な視線を自分たちに向ける当事者であるがゆえに彼らを攻撃する、と考えるほうが素直に理解できるように思われるのである。
I am not sure if this relates to the incident in Akihabara , but if we take the above to be true , then rather than interpretations without any substance by people with titles like criminal psychologist about “ people who crave the limelight ” and “ release of dissatisfaction ” , one should instead consider the possibility to be stronger that he had hatred for the “ average citizen ” like those walking around Akihabara ( even if in actual fact this was not so ) .
In other words , for people like those referred to as “ freeters ” and “ NEETs ” , it is exactly the “ average citizen ” who every day targets their gaze of contempt and discrimination at them , and this is why they attack them ; it would seem easier to come to an honest understanding [ of this issue ] by thinking about it in this way .
At a thread on 2 channel titled “ Kato is our friend ” ( 加藤はおれたちの仲間 ) , differing views were expressed .
Some disagreed with the title of the thread ( comment # 11 ) :
11：名無しさん＠毎日が日曜日：2008/06/08(日)
23:06:03 ID : OzKp/XrY
こんなテロ事件を起こしても世直しにはならない。逆効果だ。
こういう事件が起こっていちばん喜んでいるのはむしろ勝ち組。
勝ち組の仕掛けたワープアネガティブキャンペーンの罠に
加藤はまんまと自分からかかりにいった裏切り者の大馬鹿者。
This kind of terror will not improve the world .
[ It has the ] opposite effect .
The ones who are the most pleased with this incident are those from the winning side .
Kato is a complete idiot , a traitor who thoroughly fell for the trap set up by the winning side ,
a negative campaign against the working poor .
Comment number 16 disagreed with criticisms of the temp employment system :
16 ：名無しさん＠毎日が日曜日：2008/06/09(月) 00:01:22 ID:m9O5agz5
秋葉原無差別殺人事件で派遣制度を叩くスレが多いけど、それを批判するのは違うんじゃね？
派遣制度がなければ仕事にも就けずホームレスになってた奴なんて数えきれないほど出てくるだろ。
結局本人の甘え、スキルの問題なわけだし、仕事を選ぶから派遣をやってるわけだしな。
都市部の派遣社員より給与が低く、賞与もなく、待遇も悪い名ばかり正社員だって数十万人はいる。
派遣が悪いわけでも、社会が悪いわけでも無い。 全て個人の責任だよ
There are a lot of threads on the Akihabara indiscriminate murder incident attacking the temporary employment system , but seems to me that they 're criticizing the wrong thing .
Countless examples have come out of people who would be homeless if there was no temporary employment system .
In the end he depended too much on the kindness of others , it was a problem of skill , and he was working at a temp job because he was picky about his work .
There are hundreds of thousands of nominally full - time workers whose wages are lower than temp employees in urban areas , who get no bonuses and who are treated badly .
Temp agencies are not bad , nor is society .
It 's all the individual 's responsibility .
Many however expressed sympathy with Kato , like this one ( number 18 ) :
18 ：かば わ( 2チャンのドン ) ：2008/06/09(月) 12:58:38 ID:+aeuC22C
悪いけどオレは加藤のおかげで自信が付いた
今なら加藤までは行かないけどすごいことができると思う
加藤ありがとう 勇気を与えてくれて 感謝して る
It 's bad to say , but it is thanks to Kato that I 've gained confidence .
I would n't go as far as to do what he did , but I think I could do something amazing now .
Thank you Kato –
You have given me confidence – I am grateful
Blogger naoya_fujita at the deconstruKction of right , though , does n't buy the arguments supporting Kato on 2 channel threads and in blogs :
まず、彼が若年者雇用の鬱屈の表現者であるならば、なぜ犠牲者は同じく若年者を狙ったのか。資本主義の祝祭都市で消費を享受しているから敵だと思ったのか。本来狙うべき敵はエスタブリッシュ層や経済エリートなどではないか。もちろん、通り魔なんてまったく肯定はしないが、もし仮にやるとしても、本当に最後の手段として暴力を使うとしても、被害を最小限にして効果を最大限にするべきで、本当にやるんだったら経団連を爆破とか国会に突入とかするべきなのだ。なぜしなかったのか。近づけないからである。
First of all , if he is a representative of the gloom of young people about employment , then why did he choose the same young people as his victims ?
Did he think of them as his enemies because they were enjoying consumption in the festival city of capitalism ?
The enemies he should be aiming at are the establishment class , or the economic elites , no ?
Of course , I absolutely do not agree with something as terrible as a mass stabbing , but just for argument 's sake suppose that you were going to do something , and suppose that as a measure of last resort you were going to use violence , you should minimize the damage while maximizing the effects , and if you were going to really do it you should do something like blow up the Keidanren or break into the National Diet .
Why did n't he do that ?
It 's because he can't go near them .
エスタブリッシュメント層は、公的、私的にセキュリティを上げている。ゲーテッドシティにしたり、警備員をつけたり、監視カメラをつけたり、オートロックにしたりである。私のような貧乏人はオートロックには住めない。これはどういうことか。つまり、通り魔をやっても、殺されるのは貧乏人だけということになるのだ。セキュリティを金で買う余裕のない人間が、最も殺されることになる。ということは、エスタブリッシュメント層にしてみたら、貧困をケアすることによるリスクの低下（暴動をしなくさせたり左翼革命を起こさせなくする）ということに金を出すより、自分たち自身のセキュリティを上げて、貧困な人たちは貧困な世界で殺しあえばいい、という風に、分断するつもりだと思われるからだ。これがセキュリティ社会だ。だから、「あんまり貧困に追い詰めてるとここまで鬱屈して爆発するんだぞ！」という恫喝も無効なのだ。「だったらセキュリティ上げて君たちを排除する」となる。すると本来の敵ではなく味方同士で殺しあうことになる。今回の通り魔など、その地獄絵図だ。
The establishment class suggests security in a public and private setting .
Forming gated communities , installing security guards , switching to auto - locking [ doors ] .
Poor people like me can't live in [ places ] with autolocks .
So what is this about ?
What I am saying is that even though you carry out a massacre , the ones who are killed end up being poor people .
People without any extra money to pay for security end up being the ones that are killed the most .
Which is to say , the reason is that if you think about it from the view of the establishment class , it is better to point to people 's personal security than it is to spend money reducing the risks involved in caring for the poor ( by putting down rebellions and preventing left - wing revolutions from happening ) ; if poor people commit murders among the world of the poor then so much the better [ from the point of view of the establishment class ] — seems to me that is the way this situation should be analyzed .
That 's the security society .
So threats of “ do n't drive us to poverty or we will become so miserable that we will explode like this ! ” have no effect .
[ You get a response like ] : “ If that 's the way it is , then we 'll raise security and get rid of you guys . ”
And when that happens , you end up murdering not the true enemy , but your fellow companion .
What you get is a picture of hell , like the mass stabbing that happened this time .
The location of the killing was the discussion topic of many blog posts .
Blogger paraselene at END_OF_SCAN was almost in Akihabara when the killing happened :
たまたま昨日のビリフリでアキバのラーメンの話をしたので、美味しいラーメン屋を探して食べようという気になったのであって、ホントわずかな違いであそこに居合わせたかもしれないと思うとぞっとします。
Just by chance there was some talk last night about ramen in Akiba , so I was thinking that I 'd go find a good ramen place and have a bite to eat .
I shiver when I think that if things had been just a little bit different I might have been there when it happened .
交差点の惨状を見たとき、とてもその場に居続けることができなかった。無政府状態近かったし、またどこに危険があるかわからなかったし。
When I saw the disastrous scene at the intersection , I absolutely could n't stay there .
It was close to anarchy , and I was n't sure if there was still any danger .
In a post that was bookmarked by many Hatena users [ ja ] , blogger klov asks why Akihabara has become a place for “ spectacles ” :
従来は種々のオタクと呼ばれる人々がコミュニケーションを志向して集う空間であったのが、近年のメディアの露出を通して秋葉原という都市に共通の記号を見出し、スペクタクル志向空間になっている。よくオタクが「俺たちの知っている秋葉原は死んだ…！」と嘆くのは、こうしたコミュニケーション志向空間から、メディアを通じて喚起されるスペクタクル志向空間に変わったことを指すのではないか。
Up until now , it had the atmosphere of a place where a variety of so - called otaku gathered with the intention of communicating , but through recent media exposure common symbols in the city called Akihabara have been uncovered , and its atmosphere has become oriented toward spectacle .
It would seem that the mourning of otaku that “ the Akihabara we knew has died … ! ” points to the transformation from a communication - oriented space to a space that , roused through the media , is oriented toward spectacle .
For much much more about this story , see a fantastic round - up by north2015 at N.S.S.BranchOffice [ ja ] .
See also the last messages ( explained in this Mainichi article ) posted by Kato in Japanese , reproduced by blogger coldcup [ ja ] .
For more background on Toyota 's changing business strategy ( related to the use of temp workers ) , see this article from 2007 .
Thanks to Taku Nakajima for link suggestions .
But fame is n't so great for people who did n't ask for it , particularly the ones who got caught on video acting like a dumbass and turned into YouTube superstars overnight .
We at Cracked have often wondered what becomes of those people who had their 15 minutes , whether they wanted it or not .
6 Aleksey Vayner , Impossible is Nothing
If you have n't seen the video ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Everyone brags a bit on their resume , but no one did it as dramatically or badly as Aleksey Vayner when he submitted this video to banking giant UBS along with an 11 - page cover letter and resume .
In the video , Vayner shows that he 's a dancer , a weightlifter , a karate expert and the least concise yet only correct answer to the question : what is a douchebag ?
The Rest of the Story :
First , let 's answer the question everyone asks after watching this video : no , he did n't get the job .
In fact , it was probably someone at UBS that took the first step in turning him into a national laughingstock .
That can safely be considered the opposite of getting the job .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
After this video went viral , Vayner did what any " model of personal development and inspiration " would do : he moved back in with his mother and complained to the press about how he'd been victimized .
Vayner said he underwent an " extremely stressful time " after the video was released and took a leave of absence from Yale , prompting Yale to cough douchebag under its breath and deny he ever went there .
Vayner then sent a cease and desist letter to the blog that posted the video ( IvyGate ) to get them to take it down .
They did n't .
He also said he was exploring legal action against UBS for being the first to decide his video was simply too ridiculous not to share with the world .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So what has the whole adventure taught Alexsey ?
Well , when he eventually graduated from Yale he did stop sending the douchey video along with his resume when job hunting .
What he has added to the resume , though , is the claim to have authored a book called Millionaires ' Blueprint to Success .
What kind of a man would write such a book before becoming a successful millionaire himself ?
The same kind who would steal the cover from another book already on the market :
Copies of Vayner 's book do n't seem to be for sale anywhere , but he did post excerpts on his site , which include the boast that his viral clip " received international publicity " and practically invented the concept of the resume video .
And I was starting to feel unfulfilled by the stuff coming out of Google 's labs .
Its senior policy director , Richard Whitt , says that they 're cooking up software that 'll tell you if your ISP is screwing with or slowing down your connection because you 're hogging too much bandwidth , and what exactly they 're doing to it .
( There 's already some available , BTW , since Whitt did n't mention a release date . )
But it 's not necessarily because they believe willy nilly in net neutrality .
Advertisement
Google just thinks that you have a right to know what your ISP is doing .
If your ISP wo n't tell you , you should have the tools to figure out .
In fact , according to one article cited by Hot Hardware , when net neutrality first started becoming an issue , at first Google considered just going along with ISPs : " We would come out fine - a non-neutral world would be a good world for us . "
Do no evil , eh ? [ Hot Hardware via /.]
Php hosting server is a kind of online hosting plan that allows individual and organizations to promote their website easy to get to by means of the World Wide Web ( www ) .
Web hosts in form of Php server host name are people that provide space on a server Php own or leased for use by customers also given that Internet connection , more frequent than , not in a data center .
Php server hosting can also transmit data center space and connectivity to the Internet for other Php socket server situated in their data center , known as collocation ( commonly known as dwelling in France and Latin America ) .
Web Hosting Php - Know how hosting with PHP It Starts With
Web interface to the company in the form of website hosting is an area where the region is comparatively better .
The files are usually get delivered to the Web as it is or with some minimal processing .
Many Internet service providers ( ISPs ) and Php local host server offer this service free to subscribers .
Individuals and organizations may also gain Web page hosting from different Php local server and related service providers .
Personal website based hosting that is Php server ip is typically available , commercial sponsored , or reasonably priced .
Business web site hosting as in Php server root often has a higher fee depending upon the size and type of website .
Single page hosting is usually sufficient for individual web pages .
A multifaceted site call for a more wide - ranging pack up that offers database support and application development platforms ( e.g. Php WebSocket server , Java , Php SQL server , ASP .
Ruby on Rails , Php server host , ColdFusion , NET ) .
Some hosts concentrate on convinced software or facilities ( e.g. E - trade ) , that are commonly used by larger companies that outsource network infrastructure .
Php delete a file from the server when it comes to security issue .
Get an Overview server host Php
Server host
Php is usually offered as part of a general Internet access means there are many free and paid providers offering these types of web hosting .
a client needs to evaluate these requirements of making an application to choose what type of hosting he or she must use .
Such Php connect to SQL server related consideration may include database server related software , operating system and scripting software , most hosting providers offer Linux - based web hosting Php server that offers a wide collection of different types of software .
A typical type of php configuration for a Linux server is the LAMP platform : MySQL , Php server self , Linux , Apache , and PHP / Python / Perl .
The web hosting client may desire to include other facilities , like email for their commerce area , multimedia or databases facilities .
A purchaser may also choose Windows as Php web server and web hosting platform .
Benefits of Using coupon Codes
To avail the best benefits from hosting coupon code are as follows .
It would be good obtaining facilities from one provider so that multiple coupon code benefits can be obtained on products purchased .
It will ensure better management as well as higher savings for the customer .
While availing the coupon code and discount benefits qualitative aspects should also be taken care of .
Basically hosting discount code and coupon code are intended to provide various facilities at discount prices for the clients .
Ability to avail these facilities at discount prices will always be a welcome process for the webmaster or entrepreneur concerned .
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- At 5 a.m. on any given day , Anne Mahlum could be found running the dark streets of Philadelphia -- with homeless men cheering her on as she passed their shelter .
But one morning last spring , she stopped in her tracks .
" Running really is a metaphor for life , " Anne Mahlum says .
" You just have to take it one step at a time . "
" Why am I running past these guys ? " recalls Mahlum , 27 .
" I 'm moving my life forward every day -- and these guys are standing in the same spot . "
Instead of continuing to pass them by , the veteran marathoner sprang into action so they could join her .
She contacted the shelter , got donations of running gear , and in July 2007 the " Back On My Feet " running club hit the streets .
The first day , Mahlum led nine shelter residents in a mile - long run .
Today , Back on My Feet has teams in three Philadelphia shelters , including 54 homeless members and more than 250 volunteers .
The group has logged more than 5,000 miles .
Requirements for shelter residents to join are simple -- they must live in an affiliated facility and be clean and sober for 30 days .
Members receive new shoes and running clothes , and teams run together three times a week between 5:30 and 6 a.m .
The runners are diverse -- doctors , janitors , students and shelter residents -- but such distinctions are n't apparent .
" All you can tell is who 's the fastest , " says Mahlum .
" You can't tell who 's homeless and who 's not . "
For Mahlum and others , Back On My Feet is more than a running club .
" We 're a community of support , love , respect , " she says .
Watch how the group hits the predawn streets of Philadelphia . »
Runners greet each other with hugs and words of encouragement .
While members say they 've lost weight , quit smoking and have more energy , Mahlum believes they 're also learning important life skills such as discipline and goal - setting that can help them get on the road to self - sufficiency .
" Running really is a metaphor for life , " she says .
" There is always another mile .
You just have to take it one step at a time . "
That 's something Mahlum herself has learned over the past 10 years as she 's dealt with her father 's alcoholism .
Running has been her therapy , she says .
" I 'm learning more about my life through all of this . "
Watch Mahlum recall a troubling moment when she turned to running . »
Back On My Feet also has a job training program for a partner .
Three members are taking classes , learning computer and interview skills , while three others have found jobs .
Mike Solomon , an original member , is one of the group 's success stories .
A former crack user who spent his youth in and out of trouble on the streets of Wilmington , Delaware , Solomon is employed , in school and training to run a marathon in his hometown .
He considers Back on My Feet part of his support group .
Watch Solomon describe how he got off crack and on the run . »
" Anne is helping people see the hero in themselves , " says Solomon .
Mahlum aims to have Back On My Feet in 10 local shelters by the end of the year and expand beyond Philadelphia in 2009 .
She believes her approach could be part of a solution to homelessness .
" Do we need homes ?
Yes .
We need jobs ?
Yes , " she says .
" But imagine if you did n't have anybody in your life who said , ' I 'm really proud of you . '
Back On My Feet does just that . "
WASHINGTON  Republican John McCain , who four years ago condemned independent ads challenging Democrat John Kerry 's military record , has accepted nearly $ 70,000 for his presidential campaign from the top donors of the group behind the attack ads and their relatives , a USA TODAY analysis shows .
That 's nearly four times the amount McCain received from those donors in the 14 years before launching his current campaign at the end of 2006 , campaign finance records show .
In 2004 , the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ( later called SwiftVets and POWS for Truth ) bankrolled ads charging that Kerry had lied about the incidents in Vietnam that led to his military decorations .
The group included former members of the Navy who served in the same kind of river patrol boats as Kerry .
McCain , a former Vietnam prisoner of war , called the group 's advertising " dishonest and dishonorable . "
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds said in an e-mail that McCain accepted the money because the donors are " interested in supporting ( his ) agenda of reform , prosperity and peace . "
He said McCain has been critical of so - called 527 groups — named for the tax code section under which they operate — and argued that " virtually every attack - style 527 group on the airwaves " is aiding Democrat Barack Obama .
Obama recently cited 527s as a reason he decided to bypass public - financing in the general election .
Outside groups have spent nearly $ 10 million to aid Obama in this election , according to data compiled by the non-partisan CQMoneyLine , which tracks campaign money .
Independent groups have spent less than $ 50,000 on McCain 's behalf .
The USA TODAY analysis examined donations to McCain 's campaign by the top 20 contributors to the Swift Boat group .
It found that nine Swift Boat donors and their family members have given $ 69,100 to McCain 's White House bid .
Bob Perry , a Texas builder who gave nearly $ 4.5 million to Swift Boat Vets , and his wife , Doylene , each have given $ 4,400 to McCain 's presidential campaign , some of which went to an account for legal and accounting expenses , records show .
Perry 's spokesman , Anthony Holm , said the couple donated because they " strongly support " McCain .
Other donors include Sam Fox , a St. Louis businessman who was named U.S. ambassador to Belgium last year by President Bush .
Fox and family members have contributed more than $ 11,000 to McCain 's presidential bid .
Fox 's nomination drew controversy in the Senate last year because of his $ 50,000 donation to the Swift Boat group .
The White House withdrew the nomination after the Senate Foreign Relations Committee appeared ready to reject Fox , but Bush later used a recess appointment to name Fox to the post .
Fox did not respond to an interview request .
Another Swift Boat donor , Aubrey McClendon , an Oklahoma City energy company executive who gave $ 250,000 to the group four years ago , has contributed $ 2,300 each to McCain and Obama this year .
McClendon , an independent , said he did so because " both men have very positive attributes " and he has not decided whom to support in the general election .
McClendon , however , said he has decided to steer clear of 527 groups during this campaign .
" They are too controversial , and I 'm not interested in generating political controversy , " he said .
Obama 's campaign did not respond to requests for comment .
Although the Swift Boat group has long been inactive , it continues to spark controversy .
On Monday , Kerry and national Democratic Party officials sharply criticized McCain for including retired Air Force colonel Bud Day in a conference call with reporters to defend McCain 's military service .
Day had appeared in Swift Boat ads .
The Price of Power is an ongoing series tracking the role of money in politics .
Although the human genome is 99 percent the same from human to human , it is that 1 percent that can have a major impact on our response to diseases , viruses , medications , and toxins .
If researchers can uncover the minute genetic details that set each of us apart , biomedical research and treatments can be better customized for each individual .
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
Imagine being adopted , with no understanding of your cultural or genetic background .
You do n’t know your heritage or what diseases you are genetically predisposed to .
Most of us have some idea about the roots of our family tree , but little understanding of what those lower branches mean in terms of our predisposition to a host of diseases and ailments .
Now , a group of computer scientists , mathematicians , and biologists from around the world have developed a computer algorithm that can quickly trace an individual ’s genetic ancestry with only a small sample of their DNA .
In fact , the program can trace the genetic ancestry of thousands of individuals in minutes , without any prior knowledge of their background .
The multi-disciplinary approach , published in the September 2007 edition of the journal PLoS Genetics , allowed the research team to address this type of research in a novel way .
Unlike previous computer programs that required prior knowledge of an individual ’s ancestry and background , the new algorithm looks for specific DNA markers known as single nucleotide polymorphisms , or SNPs ( pronounced snips ) , and needs nothing more than a DNA sample in the form of a simple cheek swab .
The researchers used genetic data from previous studies to perform and confirm their research , including the new HapMap database , which is working to uncover and map variations in the human genome .
" This work was an exciting opportunity to form an interdisciplinary team of computer scientists , mathematicians , and human geneticists , " said Petros Drineas , the senior author of the study and assistant professor of computer science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
" Now that we have found that the program works well , we hope to implement it on a much larger scale , using hundreds of thousands of SNPs and thousands of individuals , " said Drineas , who was funded by an NSF CAREER award .
" The program will be a valuable tool for understanding our genetic ancestry and targeting drugs and other medical treatments because it might be possible that these can affect people of different ancestry in very different ways . "
Understanding our unique genetic makeup is a crucial step to unraveling the genetic basis for complex diseases .
Although the human genome is 99 percent the same from human to human , it is that 1 percent that can have a major impact on our response to diseases , viruses , medications , and toxins .
If researchers can uncover the minute genetic details that set each of us apart , biomedical research and treatments can be better customized for each individual , Drineas said .
This program will help people understand their unique backgrounds and aid historians and anthropologists in their study of where different populations originated and how humans became such a hugely diverse , global society .
The program was more than 99 percent accurate in trials and correctly identified the ancestry of hundreds of individuals .
This included people from genetically similar populations ( such as Chinese and Japanese ) and complex genetic populations like Puerto Ricans who can come from a variety of backgrounds including Native American , European , and African ancestries .
" When we compared our findings to the existing datasets , only one individual was incorrectly identified and his background was almost equally close between Chinese and Japanese , " Drineas said .
Drineas explains that the results are preliminary , but extremely promising .
The team is now working to test their program on a much larger data set .
In addition to Drineas , the algorithm was developed by scientists from California , Puerto Rico , and Greece .
The researchers involved include lead author Peristera Paschou from the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece ; Elad Ziv , Esteban G. Burchard , and Shweta Choudhry from the University of California , San Francisco ; William Rodriguez - Cintron from the University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine in San Juan ; and Michael W. Mahoney from Yahoo !
Research in California .
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the federal agency charged with funding basic research and education across all fields of science and engineering .
See the Behind the Scenes Archive .
General Motors finally gets it .
The company 's announcement that it is embracing compact cars , shutting down four truck plants and possibly even dumping Hummer shows GM – and , by extension , Detroit – realizes fuel prices are n't coming down and SUVs are a dead - end .
It 's a fundamental change of direction for the world 's largest automaker , which has for more than 10 years counted on pickups and SUVs to provide the bulk of its sales – and profits – while all but ceding the passenger car market to Japan and Europe .
But with gas poised to top $ 4 a gallon any day now , auto sales tumbling and the economy tanking , company CEO Rick Wagoner – like his peers at Ford and Chrysler – is scrambling to keep up with seismic changes that are coming far faster than anyone expected .
" These moves are all in response to the rapid rise in oil prices and the resulting changes in the U.S. , changes that we believe are more structural than cyclical , " Wagoner said before making his announcement at GM 's shareholder meeting in Delaware .
" While some of the actions ... are very difficult , they are necessary to adjust to changing market and economic conditions . "
Translation – we grew fat and lazy cranking out SUVs that ran on cheap gas , but it ai n't working anymore .
The decision to close four truck assembly lines in 2009 and 2010 will save GM $ 1 billion a year and cut North American capacity by 700,000 vehicles – but increased passenger car production will drop the net loss to 500,000 .
In what may be an even bigger symbolic shift away from SUVs , Wagoner says GM is " undertaking a strategic review " of the
Hummer brand and may even sell it .
" The announcement makes it clear that they not only accept the short - term impact ( of rising fuel prices ) , but they recognize the long - term role these vehicles will play in the U.S. market , " Catherine Madden , an auto industry analyst with Global Insight , told Wired.com
" There 's no doubt they 're acknowledging they have to drive car sales to improve profitability . "
While it 's too early to write the SUV 's obituary , Madden and other analysts say GM – which lost $ 3.25 billion in the first quarter of the year – can no longer count on vehicles like the Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Yukon to pay the bills .
Ford 's come to the same conclusion with its Explorer and F - 150 pickup , and like GM is planning to slash truck production .
GM saw sales of light trucks and SUVs fall 37 percent last month ; Ford 's sales of such vehicles fell 25 percent .
Toyota saw sales of its Tundra pickup fall 31 percent .
" If the market is going away , there 's no sense making the vehicles , " James N. Hall of the Detroit consultancy 2953 Analytics told Business Week .
But even as GM is shuttering four truck plants , it is adding third shifts to two plants that build the Chevrolet Cobalt and Pontiac G5 .
It 's also planning to introduce a compact car with a 1.4 - liter turbocharged engine , start building 1.0 - and 1.4 - liter turbo engines and roll out the next - generation Chevrolet Aveo by the second half of 2010 .
And in a move that surprised no one , Wagoner announced that GM has approved the production funding to get the Chevrolet Volt range - extended electric vehicle rolling off an assembly line by November , 2010 .
But wait .
There 's more .
Wagoner said 18 of the next 19 GM product launches in the U.S. will be cars or crossover utility vehicles .
It makes sense , as small cars are the one thing keeping the industry afloat right now .
Sales of the Ford Focus were up 53 percent last month , and sales of the Smart microcar were up 63 percent .
We 're going to see a lot more small cars coming to market .
General Motors is , as one pundit noted , the injured giant , but it 's still got the heft to change the market .
If GM cranks out small cars with the enthusiasm it gave SUVs , it will start making money again and other automakers will want a piece of the action .
Photo : Associated Press
Exploding asteroid theory strengthened by new evidence located in Ohio , Indiana
Geological evidence found in Ohio and Indiana in recent weeks is strengthening the case to attribute what happened 12,900 years ago in North America -- when the end of the last Ice Age unexpectedly turned into a phase of extinction for animals and humans -- to a cataclysmic comet or asteroid explosion over top of Canada .
A comet / asteroid theory advanced by Arizona - based geophysicist Allen West in the past two years says that an object from space exploded just above the earth 's surface at that time over modern - day Canada , sparking a massive shock wave and heat - generating event that set large parts of the northern hemisphere ablaze , setting the stage for the extinctions .
Now University of Cincinnati Assistant Professor of Anthropology Ken Tankersley , working in conjunction with West and Indiana Geological Society Research Scientist Nelson R. Schaffer , has verified evidence from sites in Ohio and Indiana -- including , locally , Hamilton and Clermont counties in Ohio and Brown County in Indiana -- that offers the strongest support yet for the exploding comet / asteroid theory .
Samples of diamonds , gold and silver that have been found in the region have been conclusively sourced through X - ray diffractometry in the lab of UC Professor of Geology Warren Huff back to the diamond fields region of Canada .
The only plausible scenario available now for explaining their presence this far south is the kind of cataclysmic explosive event described by West 's theory .
" We believe this is the strongest evidence yet indicating a comet impact in that time period , " says Tankersley .
Ironically , Tankersley had gone into the field with West believing he might be able to disprove West 's theory .
Tankersley was familiar through years of work in this area with the diamonds , gold and silver deposits , which at one point could be found in such abundance in this region that the Hopewell Indians who lived here about 2,000 years ago engaged in trade in these items .
Prevailing thought said that these deposits , which are found at a soil depth consistent with the time frame of the comet / asteroid event , had been brought south from the Great Lakes region by glaciers .
" My smoking gun to disprove ( West ) was going to be the gold , silver and diamonds , " Tankersley says .
" But what I did n't know at that point was a conclusion he had reached that he had not yet made public -- that the likely point of impact for the comet was n't just anywhere over Canada , but located over Canada 's diamond - bearing fields .
Instead of becoming the basis for rejecting his hypothesis , these items became the very best evidence to support it . "
Additional sourcing work is being done at the sites looking for iridium , micro-meteorites and nano - diamonds that bear the markers of the diamond - field region , which also should have been blasted by the impact into this region .
Much of the work is being done in Sheriden Cave in north - central Ohio's Wyandot County , a rich repository of material dating back to the Ice Age .
Tankersley first came into contact with West and Schaffer when they were invited guests for interdisciplinary colloquia presented by UC's Department of Geology this spring .
West presented on his theory that a large comet or asteroid , believed to be more than a mile in diameter , exploded just above the earth at a time when the last Ice Age appeared to be drawing to a close .
The timing attached to this theory of about 12,900 years ago is consistent with the known disappearances in North America of the wooly mammoth population and the first distinct human society to inhabit the continent , known as the Clovis civilization .
At that time , climatic history suggests the Ice Age should have been drawing to a close , but a rapid change known as the Younger Dryas event , instead ushered in another 1,300 years of glacial conditions .
A cataclysmic explosion consistent with West 's theory would have the potential to create the kind of atmospheric turmoil necessary to produce such conditions .
" The kind of evidence we are finding does suggest that climate change at the end of the last Ice Age was the result of a catastrophic event , " Tankersley says .
Currently , Tankersley can be seen in a new documentary airing on the National Geographic channel .
The film " Ancient Asteroids " is part of that network 's " Naked Science " series .
The new discoveries made working with West and Schaffer will be incorporated into two more specials that Tankersley is currently involved with -- one for the PBS series " Nova " and a second for the History Channel that will be filming Tankersley and his UC students in the field this summer .
Another documentary , this one being produced by the Discovery Channel and the British public television network Channel 4 , will also be following Tankersley and his students later this summer .
As more data continues to be compiled , Tankersley , West and Schaffer will be publishing about this newest twist in the search to explain the history of our planet and its climate .
Climate change is a favorite topic for Tankersley .
" The ultimate importance of this kind of work is showing that we can't control everything , " he says .
" Our planet has been hit by asteroids many times throughout its history , and when that happens , it does produce climate change . "
BOSTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp and Yahoo
Inc are making last - minute efforts to seal a deal before Microsoft takes its Yahoo bid hostile or abandons it altogether , sources familiar with the matter said on Friday .
The Times Square Yahoo sign is seen in New York April 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
Microsoft may raise its offer , now worth $ 42.2 billion , by a few dollars per share from an initial $ 31 per share to complete a deal as soon as this weekend , a person familiar with Microsoft ’s thinking said .
But talks are at a “ sensitive stage ” and a deal is not certain , sources familiar with the situation said .
Investors bet an agreement was likely , sending Yahoo shares up 7 percent to $ 28.67 on the first news of significant contact between the sides since Microsoft ’s deadline for its initial offer expired last Saturday .
“ My sense is Microsoft is considering raising their price to the mid-$ 30s , ” said a San Francisco - based portfolio manager who owns both Yahoo and Microsoft shares , but would not be identified due to a company policy regarding shares that are actively traded .
Yahoo had previously refused to enter formal negotiations with Microsoft , saying the initial price it made public in February did not properly value Yahoo ’s search and display advertising technology , or its overseas holdings .
Every dollar added to the per-share price amounts to about $ 1.4 billion extra for the total deal at current prices , and Microsoft shareholders have questioned how much higher the company should go .
“ If it ’s $ 35 or less , I think it ’s fine , ” said the portfolio manager , whose company owned 21.2 million shares of Microsoft and 1.93 million Yahoo shares as of the end of December .
NO QUICK EMBRACE
A deal could give Microsoft a stronger foothold in its battle with Internet search leader Google Inc , which is rapidly expanding into the software maker ’s own turf with new Web - based applications .
Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer indicated on Thursday he might sweeten the bid after weeks of saying publicly that his offer was fair as it stood .
“ I know exactly what I think Yahoo is worth to me , exactly , ” Ballmer said at a meeting with Microsoft employees .
“ I wo n’t go a dime above , and I will go to what I think it ’s worth if that gets the deal done . ”
Yahoo executives have repeatedly said the company was not averse to a deal with Microsoft at a higher price .
But in a sign of its reluctance , Yahoo has courted a possible deal with Time Warner Inc ’s AOL division and a search advertising partnership with Google .
Yahoo is still in talks on an alternative to the Microsoft bid , sources familiar with the matter said on Friday .
For its part , Microsoft has made clear it will not wait much longer .
Ballmer said on Thursday that walking away was one of three options , along with striking a friendly deal or launching a hostile bid , and to expect an announcement shortly .
Microsoft shares fell 0.5 percent to close at $ 29.24 .
Yahoo shares closed at $ 28.67 , up nearly 7 percent on the day .
An advisor to the Saudi Arabian leadership told the Los Angeles Times that his government had warned its Lebanese allies against trying to build an armed force to combat Hezbollah , but to no avail .
For months , Lebanon 's Sunni-led Future Movement sought to build an armed force under the guise of a security firm , called Secure Plus , in part to counter the Shiite militia Hezbollah 's growing strength , according to Lebanese officials , security experts and Sunni fighters themselves cited in a Times report last week .
But at least some in the Saudi leadership — the primary international patron of Lebanon 's Sunnis — thought it was a bad idea from the inception .
" The whole concept of these militias was wrong from the start and we never took the idea seriously , " said the advisor , who asked that his name not be published because of the sensitivity of the topic .
" We had never directly got involved in the arming of this so - called militia , which was doomed to failure from the beginning due to how it was created and who was leading it up , " said the Saudi advisor .
Conduct a search for educating in Google and you will see an image of a teacher standing over a student holding a small rod , with the student 's pants down leaning over a desk .
This is not what one would expect to be seen for a search on educating .
At least , I would not want to see this for a search like that and I would not want your kids to see it .
Clearly I find this image ' clean ' enough to post here in small format
Now this is far from the first time Google placed images that might not be appropriate on the ordinary Google web search results .
This is by far not even close to the most inappropriate image I have seen come up .
But Google added a report images feature , so I decided to test it out .
When I first spotted this image for this search result , via DigitalPoint Forums , I immediately used the " report image " feature .
That was just about three days ago .
So when I decided to check the status of this report , I was a bit upset to see the image still there .
I was hoping it would be gone after reporting it 3 days ago !
This is the only reason I am blogging it , to document it can take more than 3 days for an image to be pulled .
I assume if Google received hundreds of reports then they would act faster .
I wonder what that threshold is ?
Forum discussion at DigitalPoint Forums .
It was a choice he lived to regret .
Having misjudged the diameter of the 18in ( 30 centimetre ) hole , which workmen had dug to fix in a lamppost , he became wedged in it up to his armpits .
Can you show another example , then , of how one might implement the " magic " of Dwemthy 's Array ( http://poignantguide.net/dwemthy/) just using modules ?
I can never remember how to do this sort of thing , and if modules can make it conceptually simpler it would be most useful .
class Creature
def self .
metaclass ; class << self ; self ; end ; end
def self .
traits ( * arr )
return @ traits if arr .
empty ?
attr_accessor ( * arr )
arr .
each do | a |
metaclass .
instance_eval do
define_method ( a ) do | val |
@ traits ||= {}
@ traits [ a ] = val
end
end
end
class_eval do
define_method ( : initialize ) do
self .
class .
traits .
each do | k , v |
instance_variable_set ( " @ #{ k } " , v )
end
end
end
end
end
class Rabbit < Creature
traits : bombs
bombs 3
end
Rabbit .
new .
bombs
class Creature
def self .
traits ( * arr )
return @ traits if arr .
empty ?
attr_accessor ( * arr )
mod = Module .
new do
arr .
each do | a |
define_method ( a ) do | val |
@ traits ||= {}
@ traits [ a ] = val
end
end
end
extend mod
define_method ( : initialize ) do
self .
class .
traits .
each do | k , v |
instance_variable_set ( " @ #{ k } " , v )
end
end
end
end
class Rabbit < Creature
traits : bombs
bombs 3
end
Rabbit .
new .
bombs
super
Following my blog entry Underuse of Modules , an anonymous commenter asksI 'm not sure exactly what magic they were referring to , but I 'll assume they mean what allows creature habits to be defined in class definitions .
Based on that assumption , I pulled out this code from the example .
Note , I removed the comments and added the Rabbit code .
The Rabbit is there to ensure the magic continues to function as expected .
The version using a module is n't significantly better , but I do slightly prefer it .
The above version is a bit clearer to me because it defines methods on a module and then extends the module .
I know that if I extend a module from the context of a class definition the methods of that module will become class methods .
Conversely , the first example forces me to think about where a method goes if I do an instance_eval on a metaclass .
By definition all class methods are instance methods of the metaclass , but there are times when you can be surprised .
For example , using def changes based on whether you use instance_eval or class_eval , but define_method behaves the same ( change metaclass.instance_eval in the original example to metaclass.class_eval and the behavior does n't change ) .
This type of thing is an easy concept that becomes a hard to find bug .
If you spend enough time with metaclasses it's all clear and easy enough to follow .
However , modules are generally straightforward and get you the same behavior without the mental overhead .
I 'm sure someone will argue that metaclasses are easier to understand , which is fine .
Use what works best for you .
However , there are other reasons why it might make sense to use modules instead , such as wanting to have an ancestor ( and thus the ability to redefine and use ) .
Again , it probably comes down to personal preference .
If you leave your camera at home on a long vacation , you can buy a disposable one .
But that 's not an option if you have traveled 422 million miles ( 679 million kilometers ) to another planet — especially if that world 's extreme conditions present a challenge for the average camera .
So to chronicle Phoenix 's trip to the Red Planet , NASA had to come up with a special device , based on the experiences they 've had with other Mars landers and rovers : the Surface Stereo Imager ( SSI ) , which acts as Phoenix 's main set of " eyes . "
Built out of titanium to withstand the daily Martian temperature swings from – 22 degrees Fahrenheit ( –30 degrees Celsius ) to – 112 degrees F ( – 80 degrees C ) , the imager is also designed to perform in low atmospheric pressure .
This $ 7 - million , football - size instrument pivots on a trellis that extends about six and a half feet ( two meters ) above the Martian terrain .
( For those who appreciate science fiction , the SSI looks like a cross between ' 80s cinematic robot icon Johnny 5 and the new Star Wars prequels ' nemesis General Grievous . )
It features two openings set about the same distance apart as our own eyes , and detects colors in a manner similar to human vision .
The imager even has eyelashlike brushes to clean Martian dust off its lenses each day .
The camera helped researchers inspect the spacecraft after its May 25 touchdown as well as look around the landing site to find suitable digging areas .
It has already scored hundreds of exotouristy snapshots of the stark , rust - colored landscape .
The highlight , thus far , of course , has been the water ice , which suggests that Mars may have once been ( or maybe still is ) a habitable planet — at least for microbes .
Scientific American spoke to Patrick Woida , who helped develop the imager to learn more about what makes the device see as we do .
Woida is the SSI downlink engineer for the Phoenix lander , as well as a senior staff engineer at the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory in Tucson .
An edited Q&A transcript based on telephone and e-mail interviews follows .
How is the way the Surface Stereo Imager sees similar to the way that a human would see the surface of Mars ?
Well , the imager is two meters off the ground , so that makes it about my height .
[ Woida is six feet , seven inches tall . ]
Also , the imager has two lenses that are set apart like eyes are on our faces .
This arrangement allows for the imager to have depth perception like we have .
Also , we are n't recorrecting the colors in images when they get sent back here to Earth .
In other words , if you were standing there on Mars looking out , that 's what you would see .
How does the Surface Stereo Imager make color images ?
It 's like the cone cells in our eyes .
We have three kinds that detect blue , green and red light .
What we have on Phoenix are called charged coupled devices , along with a sensor that can detect [ light ] on the spectrum that 's from near - ultraviolet all the way out into the infrared .
We have a wheel of different filters that will only let one specific wavelength , or color , through .
We do n't have to just use three colors ; we can mix in extra filters to get a little more richness and accuracy in our colors .
For the first 90 days , the sun wo n't set where Phoenix is on Mars .
But later on , when it 's dark out , the imager is sensitive enough to do astronomy .
So , in a sense , it 's similar to how your eyes can dark - adapt and look out at the stars and constellations .
In what ways is the Surface Stereo Imager " better " or different than human vision ?
What can it see on Mars that we cannot ?
Our eyes can't pick up the longer wavelengths of infrared light but the imager can .
Infrared is very important for figuring out the chemical composition of rocks and soil and so forth .
Plus , having infrared means we can take advantage of different lighting situations .
The imager can also see polarized light , just like those polarized sunglasses that eliminate glare .
This allows us to do analyses of aerosols and dust composition in the atmosphere .
We also use other filters to look at the sun to get direct readings of how much sunlight is reaching the surface .
This is very important because Phoenix is solar - powered .
We can tell just how clear the atmosphere is and know how much energy the solar panels will get that day .
We can get very high accuracy humidity readings , too , so we can tell how much water vapor is in the air .
Has the Surface Stereo Imager done what it was supposed to do so far ?
Any glitches ?
The imager is all day , every day .
In general , we shoot about 150 to 200 images daily and all the other science teams really rely on it .
Before the robotic arm digs anywhere , it has to know where the ground is .
We need to know when the arm is moving and where we left it at the end of the day .
The geology and chemistry people need multispectral images so they know where the most interesting place to dig is .
There have been some communication problems — not with the imager per se ; they have been more on the sense of that we can't quite always get the images we 've commanded back from Mars .
They have to be relayed through one of the satellites we have in orbit around Mars , and then there 's a communications delay [ of 15 minutes ] as they 're beamed back to Earth .
There are literally hundreds of things that have to go right to get a picture , and sometimes 98 out of 100 go right , and it 's not quite the right 98 for us to have that image back home .
But that 's what you expect , and it 's hard to be down about it .
If I do n't get my pictures today , I will get them tomorrow morning .
I still have an instrument that 's working and happy and a spacecraft that 's working and happy .
Phoenix is beating its little heart out to find cool things for us to look at on Mars .
So what does it feel like to have your baby land on a planet millions of miles away ?
The imager was always on a one - way trip .
It had to be done right the first time , since we could n't fix it , and she has worked splendidly .
I 'm proud of our team that designed , built , tested and delivered this camera to Mars .
That first day that Phoenix landed and the imager started taking pictures , everyone else was all gaga about the solar panels unfolding , and for good reason .
[ The first pictures the imager snapped were of the panels . ]
But then the second image came back of the footpad on Mars , and that was the one that I was waiting for .
The first place we touched Mars was with that footpad , and the same went for the Viking landers back in 1976 .
It really gives you perspective .
I grew up being a Trekkie and wanting to go to the stars , and when I put that into something that I could really do in my life , it was where I am right now .
It provides this continuity , this thread that goes from the dreams of when I was a kid to where the reality today is that I 'm actually doing it .
I mean , jeez , it gives your soul a lot of worth .
Warning to all fellow devotees of The X Files TV show : to watch the inexplicable new film treatment of the series , I Want to Believe , is to watch an innovative and once - great premise get stretched out into 2.35:1 widescreen and rended apart like a chicken in a Perdue factory .
These characters and actors deserve better than this , and you ’d think that the show ’s creator and mastermind Chris Carter would provide it as I Want to Believe ’s director and screenwriter .
Instead , poor Mulder and Scully are stuffed into a standard - issue potboiler “ thriller ” and saddled with a lame pseudo - romance that tramples mercilessly over the will - they - or - wo n ’t - they intrigue that propelled much of the show ’s 200 - episode run .
Perhaps the only positive outcome of this turkey ’s release is a chance for the media to finally give The X Files the eulogies it deserves .
It was a surprise for me to read that the show ’s only been off the air for six years , as I stopped watching around 1998 or 1999 , right around the time when the Smoking Man / Deep Throat conspiracy plotlines started taking over for good .
But The X Files soldiered on , even without David Duchovny for a year , before dying a quiet ratings death in 2002 .
( No doubt the show ’s persistent faux - unearthing of government conspiracy and paranormal cover - ups seemed suddenly , irreparably quaint once actual sociopolitical problems became more terrifying than airbrushed UFO snapshots and little green men . )
During its 90s heyday , however , The X Files was an unlikely commercial and critical success , to say nothing of its creative innovation .
At its core were two extremely talented actors : Duchovny , and Gillian Anderson ( only 24 when the show began ) as agent Dana Scully .
For a sci- fi conspiracy show , The X Files was surprisingly quiet — Carter and his directors relied on shadows and hushed conversations rather than gunfights or overt special effects .
Neither brooding Mulder nor skeptical Scully were obvious heroes , and the show ’s undervalued sense of humor was always dry and subtle .
For better or worse , The X Files laid the aesthetic and formulaic groundwork for a host of disposable paranormal / serial killer movies that filled multiplexes throughout the decade ( everyone remembers Seven , but how about The Bone Collector ?
Along Came a Spider ? Copycat ?
Kiss the Girls ? ) .
The X Files was unique for its time , not only in its menagerie of freaks and villains , but in the quality of its production .
Barring the occasional suitcase - sized cell phone , the golden age episodes barely look dated at all , and the moody production design stood out in a network television environment that was otherwise dominated by bright sitcoms like Seinfeld and Friends .
Duchovny and Anderson are both better actors than their resumes reveal ( although she ’s had a worthy second career acting in period dramas like The House of Mirth , as well as recent supporting roles in The Last King of Scotland and Tristram Shandy : A Cock & Bull Story ) , and they had equals among the recurring secondary characters like the perpetually unamused FBI Director Skinner ( Mitch Pileggi ) , the Cigarette Smoking Man ( William B. Davis ) , and fringe conspiracy theorists the Lone Gunmen , all of whom were gradually brought into the larger story arc of the series .
The result was one of the 90s ’ most critically successful shows , the winner of multiple Emmys , a SAG award for Anderson , and a Peabody in 1996 .
The whole show lived and breathed thanks to the leads , however .
Carter subtly reversed the expected gender roles in Mulder and Scully , positioning the woman as shrewd , scientific , and rational while the man was emotional and impassioned .
Both actors became acknowledged sex symbols , but nothing in either of their characters exploited their looks or their sexual tension ; Carter and his frequent collaborators Glen Morgan and James
Wong were too busy accelerating the complicated personal histories of both characters , broadening the governmental conspiracies , and ushering in an array of shape - shifters , mind - readers , vampires , human flukeworms , satanic priestesses , werewolves , and even el chupacabra .
Somehow , out of the genre - indebted premise and dark aesthetic of the show , The X Files became a success on the basis of — no joke — good acting and writing .
And this was while the Fox network was still pushing Married … With Children and The Adventures of Brisco County , Jr .
All shreds of uniqueness or creativity have been jettisoned in the making of I Want to Believe , which picks up after a real - time lap in the characters ’ lives since the series ended .
Mulder and Scully , no longer with the FBI , have made their own wobbly reentries to the civilian world , she as a put - upon doctor at a Catholic children ’s hospital and he as a heavily bearded Lone Gunmen - type living in a shack .
An FBI agent ’s disappearance in West Virginia seems helpless at first before an ex-priest claiming psychic powers ( Scottish comedian Billy Connolly , looking more like John Cleese than ever ) steps in to help ; soon the lead agents on the case ( Amanda Peet and Alvin Joiner , who you may know better as Pimp My Ride host Xzibit ) decide they need Mulder ’s help due to his record with the Bureau ’s paranormal cases .
As he ’s in hiding , they can only track him down through Scully .
With the backstory out of the way after about 15 minutes , I Want to Believe settles into the story arc of a typical episode : unhelpful interview with suspect , spooky scene with the killer , paranormal occurrence , slightly more helpful interview with suspect , and so on .
The film ’s plot is helplessly convoluted , bringing together organ thieves , stem cell research , religious issues , and the characters ’ continuing story lines .
The violence and scares are dull and unartful .
Carter ’s script and direction are serviceable at best and frequently laughable .
Worse still , the psychological / religious storyline does n’t play to the show ’s strengths in the least ; it seems obvious that , when making an X Files movie , you either go with the conspiracy story ( as they did in 1998 ’s Fight the Future ) or you create one of the show ’s trademark paranormal monsters , something to rank with the Flukeman or the stretchy bile guy .
Instead the ex-agents investigate a fairly benign ( for the series ) case that does n’t even really require Mulder and Scully ’s expertise .
Duchovny and Anderson do what they can with the material , and they even emote more than in a typical episode , but the whole film seems purposeless .
After the series crawled to a finish , it would make sense to pull out all the stops and give these characters a proper goodbye .
I Want to Believe just pulls the soul of the show out for one final drubbing , adding little to the lore and , ironically , mimicking the kind of serial - killer porn that became fashionable after The X Files ’ television success .
It ’s a most ignoble death for a series that had a surprising depth of craft and humanity for its genre : off to the bargain - bin thriller glue factory , one more fifth - rate Silence of the Lambs destined for used - DVD - store purgatory .
The X Files : I Want to Believe .
Directed by Chris Carter , 105 min. , rated PG - 13 .
Now playing everywhere .
Intuitive went public in 2000 at $ 9 a share .
( Dr. Moll ’s stake at the time was worth roughly $ 13.5 million , and he still owns a significant number of shares . )
In 2003 , it acquired Computer Motion , eliminating both patent wars and the competing design .
Since then , soaring sales and profits have laid to rest any Wall Street doubts that robots could be commercially successful .
The company earned $ 144.5 million last year on sales of $ 600.8 million .
Based on first - quarter results that were better than expected , Intuitive forecasts that sales will grow 42 percent this year , to $ 853.2 million .
Its stock , which traded at $ 42.42 three years ago , closed Friday at $ 290.03 a share .
The company prospered by proving that robots could deftly handle rigid surgical tools like scalpels and sewing needles through small incisions in a patient ’s skin .
In prostate surgery , it is rapidly becoming unusual for a urologist to operate without using one of Intuitive ’s da Vinci robots , which sell for $ 1.3 million , on average .
Each also generates hundreds of thousands of dollars more in annual revenue from service contracts and attachments that must be replaced after each procedure .
Intuitive is now marketing the da Vinci to other specialists , including gynecologists and heart surgeons .
Intuitive ’s success has not put to rest questions about how many hospitals and clinics can afford robots .
The da Vinci and the CyberKnife , a precision radiation robot from Accuray to treat tumors , are featured in hospital ads to attract patients , but it is hard for hospitals to get extra reimbursement from insurers for using them .
However , hospitals that have been leaders in adopting robotic technology say they are content to just break even for now , because the investment is partly about attracting surgeons who want to be leaders in research and training .
“ If you are looking at the future , it ’s hard to envision a hospital not offering robotics , ” said Robert Glenning , chief financial officer at the Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey , which has bought five da Vinci ’s and has a sixth on loan from Intuitive Surgical that is used to train visiting doctors .
DR .
MOLL left Intuitive in 2002 to pursue a more ambitious concept at Hansen Medical : robots that manipulate the tips of thin , flexible catheters that doctors insert deep in the heart .
If he succeeds , the Sensei robotic systems from Hansen , costing about $ 675,000 , may become the go - to tools for treating many circulatory problems .
While the PlayStation 3 has gone through an impressive metamorphosis since release , the social aspects of the system still leave much to be desired : there is no good way to communicate to people on your friends list across different games , and inviting people to join you while playing online can be a pain .
There is also nothing that comes close to the 360's innovative " achievements " system to get people to try new ways of playing , or simply enjoy the bragging rights of having the highest gamerscore .
That changes on July 2 , however , when Sony launches the firmware 2.40 update that adds in - game XMB support and trophies to the system .
The importance of these two updates is hard to underestimate .
The XMB , or Xcross Media Bar , is the menu system on the PlayStation 3 that allows you to choose what game to play , watch a video , or send a message to people on your friend list .
These options are now only available on the home screen of the system , but this update allows you to access all these features from inside any game you 're playing .
If you are setting up a round of Call of Duty 4 , you 'll be able to bring up the media bar , fire off a message to a friend to join you , and then go back into the game seamlessly .
While the ability to interact with friends , as well as browse their profiles , is welcome , the in - game XMB support will also allow you to access the music stored on your hard drive , with developers now given the option of adding in - game custom music to their titles .
The XMB will also offer Google - powered Internet search from within games , so if you get into an online argument about how often your in - game firearm would have jammed in real life , the answer is a few clicks away .
The Trophies will work much like the 360's achievements , and these will be shown inside your new profile .
Trophies will come in bronze , silver , and gold depending on the difficulty of the task needing to be accomplished , and you 'll be ranked against other players based on how many of each type you have unlocked .
The social aspect is stressed here , as you can compare your Trophies with friends , and you will be given a level based on the number of Trophies in your collection .
You 'll be able to track how many points you need before you unlock the next level , as well as your overall ranking as compared to other players online .
Super Stardust HD will be the first game to include Trophies , although any game can have Trophies patched in .
While Sony confirmed that big - name titles like LittleBigPlanet , Resistance 2 , and MotorStorm Pacific Rift will include Trophies , it wo n't be surprising to see more games than not support this feature .
The Trophies are also expected to be integrated in Sony 's upcoming online service Home as " physical " objects to be displayed inside your virtual dwelling .
This is a big improvement from the rather static and useless Gamerscore on the 360 , which is a simple number that does n't really give you much information beyond the score itself .
The US PlayStation blog has a video walking you through the Trophy system , and the interface is slick and easy to understand .
" Today 's PlayStation 3 experience has evolved significantly from what we debuted at launch , and the 2.40 firmware update will drive the PS3 community experience forward at a time when the platform 's momentum is stronger than ever , with the launches of several recent blockbuster titles and other exclusive content on the way , " said Peter Dille , senior vice president of marketing and PlayStation Network , SCEA .
He 's right : the system has already come a long way and this update will do even more to put the system on even footing with — or even surpass — the Xbox 360 in social networking features .
While we 're looking forward to getting a hands - on look with these new features on July 2 , this new firmware update should add two huge features to the PlayStation 3 .
This is a big step forward , and a strong addition to the already impressive PlayStation 3 software .
A woman 's voice becomes more alluring when she is at her most fertile , according to US research .
Recordings of women taken at different points in their menstrual cycle were played to people of both sexes .
New Scientist magazine reports that the voices rated as most attractive belonged to women at peak fertility .
The study suggests sex hormones can alter the workings of the voice box , but the change may be too subtle to pick up in many situations .
Human reproduction differs from reproduction in other mammals in that there are no obvious signs that a woman is at her fertile phase .
However , scientists have suggested that very subtle changes caused by the rise and fall of different sex hormones can be detected by men , who then perhaps find a woman more attractive without necessarily even realising why .
The latest research , from the State University of New York at Albany and originally published in the journal Human Evolution and Behavior , involved taking recordings of women counting from one to 10 at four points during the menstrual cycle and then played them back to male and female students .
The missing link here is finding out how this works in plain conversation - in a bar , for example
Dr David Feinberg
McMaster University
The recordings taken close to ovulation - the moment at which an egg is released and can be fertilised - were marked as more attractive than recordings of the same woman speaking earlier or later in her cycle .
There was no effect if the woman was taking oral contraceptives , which change the ratio of sex hormones during the cycle .
The researchers wrote : " More work is needed to identify the biological mechanisms that underlie these perceptual differences , but growing evidence points to the impact of hormones on the larynx as being the source of these changes . "
The researchers did not test the recordings to see if the woman was speaking with a higher or lower tone at different points in her cycle , and one leading voice - attraction researcher said that the subtle differences might not be practically useful in the real world .
Dr David Feinberg , from the McMaster University in Canada , said : " The missing link here is finding out how this works in plain conversation - in a bar , for example .
" While it 's possible , the other issue is that women do have mood changes across their menstrual cycle , and people might just be attracted to a happy - sounding woman , rather than a fertile one . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ex -Iraq commander accuses Bush Administration of ' gross incompetence ' John Byrne
Published : Friday May 2 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
In a new memoir set to be published May 6 , the former commander of US forces in Iraq provides new intimate details of the goings - on at high levels of the Bush Administration in the first year of the Iraq war .
His sharp tongued conclusion : " Hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars were unnecessarily spent , and worse yet , too many of our most precious military resource , our American soldiers , were unnecessarily wounded , maimed , and killed as a result .
In my mind , this action by the Bush administration amounts to gross incompetence and dereliction of duty . "
An excerpt from Sanchez 's book , Wiser in Battle : A Soldier 's Story , published in TIME , buries the quotation on the third page of the article .
Sanchez commanded the US military in Iraq from 2003 - 2004 .
The three - star general was relieved of his commander in 2004 following the Abu Ghraib scandal , and in 2005 , was told his career was over and he would n't be promoted to a fourth star .
The primary reason appears to be his involvement in authorizing harsh tactics for the treatment of Iraqi prisoners .
In a memo acquired by the ACLU through a freedom of information act request , Sanchez authorized techniques to be used against prisoners which included " environmental manipulation , " such as heating or cooling a room or using an " unpleasant smell , " isolating prisoners , and disrupting sleep patterns .
Sanchez later denied ever authorizing interrogators to " go to the outer limits " and called the ACLU " ... a bunch of sensationalist liars , I mean lawyers , that will distort any and all information that they get to draw attention to their positions . "
Six months after he was told he would not receive a promotion -- in April 2006 -- he says he was called in for a meeting with then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
In his book , he writes : " Ric , it 's been a long time , " Rumsfeld said , greeting me in a friendly manner .
" I 'm really sorry that your promotion did n't work out .
We just could n't make it work politically .
Sending a nomination to the Senate would not be good for you , the Army , or the department . "
" I understand , sir , " I replied .
Rumsfeld then went on to offer Sanchez a post in Africa .
In what Sanchez maintains was an effort by Rumsfeld to shrug off blame for mistakes in Iraq 's first year , he says that the Secretary penned a memo which blamed failures on him .
" I stopped reading after I read that last statement , because I knew it was total BS , " he writes .
" After a deep breath , I said , " Well , Mr. Secretary , the problem as you 've stated it is generally accurate , but your memo does not accurately capture the magnitude of the problem .
Furthermore , I just can't believe you did n't know that Franks 's and McKiernan 's staffs had pulled out and that the orders had been issued to redeploy the forces . "
Starting to get a little worked up , " he adds , " I paused a moment , and then looked Rumsfeld straight in the eye .
" Sir , I can not believe that you did n't know I was being left in charge in Iraq .... "
After the meeting ended , I remember walking out of the Pentagon shaking my head and wondering how in the world Rumsfeld could have expected me to believe him .
Everybody knew that CENTCOM had issued orders to drawdown the forces .
The Department of Defense had printed public affairs guidance for how the military should answer press queries about the redeployment .
There were victory parades being planned .
And in mid-May 2003 , Rumsfeld himself had sent out some of his famous " snowflake " memorandums to Gen .
Franks asking how the general was going to redeploy all the forces in Kuwait .
The Secretary knew .
Everybody knew .
He goes on to detail a report prepared by the Pentagon 's Joint Warfighting Center .
The Pentagon commissioned the report -- and it validated Sanchez 's assertions that he was not to blame and that decisions had been made at other levels .
" Say , did you guys ever complete that investigation ? " I asked .
" Oh , yes sir .
We sure did , " came the reply .
" And let me tell you , it was ugly . "
" Ugly ? " I asked .
" Yes , sir .
Our report validated everything you told us  that Franks issued the orders to discard the original twelve - to - eighteen - month occupation deployment , that the forces were drawing down , that we were walking away from the mission , and that everybody knew about it .
And let me tell you , the Secretary did not like that one bit .
After we went in to brief him , he just shut us down .
' This is not going anywhere , ' he said .
' Oh , and by the way , leave all the copies right here and do n't talk to anybody about it . ' "
" You mean he embargoed all the copies of the report ? " I asked .
" Yes , sir , he did ...'
... It turned out that the investigative team was so thorough , they had actually gone back and looked at the original operational concept that had been prepared by CENTCOM ( led by Gen. Franks ) before the invasion of Iraq was launched .
It was standard procedure to present such a plan , which included such things as : timing for predeployment , deployment , staging for major combat operations , and postdeployment .
The concept was briefed up to the highest levels of the U.S. government , including the Secretary of Defense , the National Security Council , and the President of the United States .
And the investigators were now telling me that the plan called for a Phase IV ( after combat action ) operation that would last twelve to eighteen months ...
" That decision set up the United States for a failed first year in Iraq , " he concludes .
" There is no question about it .
And I was supposed to believe that neither the Secretary of Defense nor anybody above him knew anything about it ?
Impossible !
Rumsfeld knew about it .
Everybody on the NSC knew about it , including Condoleezza Rice , George Tenet , and Colin Powell .
Vice President
Cheney knew about it .
And President Bush knew about it . "
" In the meantime , " he adds , " hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars were unnecessarily spent , and worse yet , too many of our most precious military resource , our American soldiers , were unnecessarily wounded , maimed , and killed as a result .
In my mind , this action by the Bush administration amounts to gross incompetence and dereliction of duty . "
SAN FRANCISCO – A California judge on Tuesday continued the $ 5 million bail for a San Francisco city worker accused of hijacking the city 's computer system , and ordered the network administrator to enter a plea on Thursday .
Terry Childs , 43 , is accused of locking out the city from its FiberWAN network containing city e-mails , payroll , police records , information on jail inmates – it was virtually an all access pass to City Hall .
He was arrested Sunday after refusing to hand over passwords to the Wide Area Network system he is accused of taking control of illegally .
" He had the trump card and he could have brought everything down if he wanted to , " said Ron Vinson , deputy director of the city 's Department of Technology Information Services , who said the city 's network has continued functioning without a hitch .
Erica Derryck , a spokeswoman for San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris , said the defendant , who faces four felony charges of computer tampering , was a " threat to public safety . "
Childs ' bail was set five times higher than most murder defendants ' because the authorities feared that , if released , he might permanently lock the system and erase records .
" There is a real fear of that , " Vinson said .
The FiberWAN network system is the major backbone of city government 's computing infrastructure , connecting hundreds of different departments and buildings to a central data center , and to each other .
The FiberWAN system carries more than 60 percent of the network traffic of all city government , Vinson said .
Childs has worked as a computer technician with the city for five years .
He earned $ 126,000 in base pay last year , in addition to another $ 22,500 for being on - call to assist with network malfunctions .
Vinson said the city 's data system has been functioning without error since it was discovered Sunday that the city had lost control of the bulk of its network .
" We could n't access it , but it was functioning , " Vinson said .
" We now have the necessary devices in place that will detect any intrusions . "
Vinson said the city was working to restore total access .
" Every city department uses our fiber line , " he said .
" We are in the process of making sure we have complete access . "
He said it was " unclear " whether the defendant actually accessed or stole any data , although he had the keys .
" He created it so that he had access to the network and blocked other people from having access , " Vinson said .
" He created his own passwords . "
Weeks ago , he said , the city was doing a threat assessment of its infrastructure and " there were some things that were suspicious from our department 's standpoint . "
The department figured out that the defendant allegedly " had unauthorized access to passwords of the network and he was denying access to those that were authorized , " Vinson said .
He said he could n't " speculate on any motive , " but city officials said he was disgruntled , and his job was in jeopardy .
Vinson said the defendant on Sunday gave police passwords to the system , but they did not work .
Childs appeared briefly Tuesday before San Francisco County Superior Court Judge Paul Alvarado , who ordered him to enter a plea on Thursday .
Childs , wearing a bright orange jail suit , did not address the court .
Outside of court , his attorney , Mark Jacobs , told reporters that Childs was " not a threat to public safety . "
" He loves kittens , " Jacobs quipped .
" He did n't kill anybody .
Murderers usually get $ 1 million bail . "
Sketch : Joan Lynch
See Also :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Public confidence in U.S. economic policy dipped this month as unstable markets and shaky financial institutions left Americans uneasy about the future , according to a Reuters / Zogby poll released on Wednesday .
A worker manoeuvres a lift as financial headlines play across a ticker in Times Square , New York , January 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jeff Zelevansky
The Reuters / Zogby Index , which measures the mood of the country , dropped to 88.7 from 90.4 in June as five of the 10 measures of public opinion used in the index fell at least slightly and three remained steady .
The index fell to near its record low of 87.7 , recorded in March , as optimism about personal finances waned and approval ratings for the Bush administration ’s economic and foreign policies dropped .
The rating for economic policy suffered the sharpest fall , earning positive marks from just 10 percent of Americans -- down 4 percentage points from June .
The drop came amid a continuing housing crisis , pledges of government help for the top two mortgage finance agencies and the collapse last week of IndyMac Bancorp -- the third - largest bank failure in U.S. history .
“ Public confidence took a dip all around as Americans have settled into a recession mentality here , ” said pollster John Zogby .
“ That only serves to make the real recession fester -- people are much less likely to buy anything or do anything . ”
President George W. Bush ’s approval rating was 25 percent , up one percentage point from June , and the number of Americans who believe the country is on the right track nudged up to 18 percent from last month ’s all - time low in a Zogby poll of 16 percent .
The approval rating for Congress remained mired at its all - time low of 11 percent .
Most of the changes were statistically insignificant in a poll with a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points .
Americans ’ confidence in their children ’s futures dipped two percentage points to 59 percent , and the number of Americans who feel safe from foreign threats and approve of U.S. foreign policy fell by one percentage point each .
Zogby said there was room for public confidence to fall more this summer amid the continued flood of bad economic news and gasoline prices that continue to rise .
“ We ’ve got further to go here .
There is the potential that this goes further down , ” he said .
The index combines responses to 10 questions on Americans ’ views about their leaders , the direction of the country and their future .
Index polling began in July 2007 and that month ’s results provide the benchmark score of 100 .
A score above 100 indicates the public mood has improved since July 2007 .
A score below 100 , like the one this month , shows the mood has soured .
The RZI is released on the third Wednesday of each month .
The telephone poll of 1,039 likely voters was taken Wednesday through Sunday .
( Editing by Patricia Zengerle )
Depuis quelques années , la trottinette est devenue un moyen de transport à part entière .
En plus d’être écologique , elle est également une solution économique pour vos déplacements en ville .
Pour choisir le modèle qui vous convient , voici les trois meilleures trottinettes électriques du marché .
Speedway 5
Avec ses larges roues , la trottinette Speedway 5 arbore …
Parler des 3 meilleures trottinettes électriques Lire la suite »
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A suicide bomber has rammed a car full of explosives into the gates of the Indian embassy in the Afghan capital , killing 41 people and injuring 141 .
Five embassy personnel were killed - India 's defence attache , a senior diplomat and two security guards - as well as an Afghan man .
Five Afghans died at Indonesia 's embassy nearby .
No-one has admitted being behind the attack , the deadliest in Kabul since the overthrow of the Taleban in 2001 .
Afghanistan has seen a sharp increase in violence , particularly in the south and east - and Taleban militants recently vowed to step up their attacks in the capital .
But the latest blast - in what was supposed to be a secure area of Kabul - will greatly concern Afghan government officials , says the BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul .
Eyewitness : Kabul bombing
In pictures : Afghan bomb attack India : Afghanistan 's influential ally Afghan President Hamid Karzai said the attackers wanted to rupture good relations between Afghanistan and India , while the Afghan interior ministry said it believed the attack was carried out " in co-ordination and consultation with an active intelligence service in the region " .
It did not specify which intelligence service it suspected of involvement .
But in the past , Afghanistan has accused Pakistani agents of being behind a number of attacks on its soil .
In a statement , Pakistan 's foreign minister said his country " condemns terrorism in all its forms and manifestations " .
India also condemned the " cowardly terrorists ' attack " , but vowed it would not be deterred from fulfilling its commitment to the government and people of Afghanistan .
India has close ties with Afghanistan and is involved in aid and reconstruction work , including the building of Afghanistan 's new parliament .
The US condemned the " needless act of violence " , as did the European Union , which described it as a " terrorist attack targeting innocent civilians " .
The United Nations envoy to Afghanistan , Kai Eide , said that " in no culture , no country , and no religion is there any excuse or justification for such acts " .
' Very afraid '
The bomb exploded as people were queuing for visas at the embassy .
" We were standing in a line to get visas , the police told us to stand on one side , the women were in another line , then suddenly I heard a huge bang and I sat down .
I was very afraid , " Khan Zaman said .
RECENT ATTACKS IN KABUL
April 2008 : Gun attack on parade attended by President Karzai March 2008 : Six people die in car bomb attack on coalition convoy Jan 2008 : Six people killed in Taleban attack on Serena hotel Dec 2007 :
At least 13 people killed in a suicide car bombing Sept 2007 : Suicide bomb attack on bus kills 30 Afghan soldiers June 2007 : Bomb attack on Afghan police bus kills up to 35 people Ali Hassan Fahimi said shrapnel had landed in his office , which is close to the site of the blast .
" It was so strong ... and our staff were shocked , " he said .
A spokesman for the Afghan defence ministry , Gen Zaher Azimi , told the BBC the attack was " the deadliest since the fall of Taleban " in Kabul .
Another Afghan government spokesman , Zamari Bashari , told the BBC he thought the embassy had been attacked because of India 's involvement in the reconstruction of Afghanistan .
He said that the terrorist enemies of Afghanistan wanted such work to stop .
Afghan Foreign Minister Rangeen Dadfar Spanta visited the Indian embassy shortly after the attack , his spokesman said .
" India and Afghanistan have a deep relationship between each other .
Such attacks of the enemy will not harm our relations , " Mr Spanta told the personnel at the embassy , the spokesman said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Blackwater looking to train N. Idaho police
The Associated Press
2008-05-01 23:58:44.0
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved
COEUR d’Alene , Idaho – Blackwater Worldwide is negotiating for construction of a regional law enforcement training center in northern Idaho .
The private military contractor based in Moyock , N.C. , is working on a deal with the Idaho Peace Officer Standards & Training Academy to provide space and instruction to police , sheriff ’s deputies and other enforcement personnel .
“ Blackwater will be entering into agreement with the state of Idaho to build a training facility , ” Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell told the Coeur d’Alene Press .
“ In this agreement , Idaho POST would be a tenant .
There would be other law enforcement agencies from the surrounding areas . ”
Jeff Black , executive director of the academy , said no costs have been set and the idea has yet to be approved by the state .
“ There are a lot of things we need to work out , ” he said .
“ It ’s very early in the process . ”
Blackwater has come under scrutiny for its security contracting work in Iraq .
Iraqis were outraged over a shooting Sept. 16 , when 17 civilians were killed in a Baghdad square .
Blackwater said its guards were protecting diplomats under attack before they opened fire , but Iraqi investigators concluded the shooting was unprovoked .
An FBI probe began in November .
Tyrrell said no site had been chosen for a training center in north Idaho , nor had the cost been determined .
“ We ’re now looking for places to build , ” Tyrrell said .
“ It ’s best if it ’s in a fairly remote location that is accessible . ”
The complex would include an emergency vehicle operation course , shooting ranges , classrooms , dormitories for at least 80 people , a cafeteria and administration buildings , she said .
Currently , Black said , north Idaho law enforcement agencies send officers to the POST Academy in Meridian in southwest Idaho , which adds to travel expenses .
Kootenai County Sheriff Rocky Watson said Blackwater ’s presence might raise public concern .
“ The perception that our law enforcement officers will be trained by mercenaries is a problem , ” Watson said .
“ Our jobs are totally different .
We ’re not paramilitary .
The perception is important to our customers . ”
Tyrrell said that perception was inaccurate .
“ The biggest misconception is about what we do , ” Tyrrell said .
“ We ’re a private training company .
We train law enforcement agencies all over the country . ”
Patent Index | Patent Applications Subject Matter Eligiblity Section 101 of the Patent Act states that processes , machines , articles of manufacture , and compositions of matter are patentable .
At first blush , this wording appears to cover every conceivable type of invention .
To a large extent , this is true .
Under this statute , the United States has one of the broadest standards for what constitutes patentable subject matter in the entire world .
Inventors of physical devices generally do not have to worry about whether their inventions are non-statutory .
However , there are certain inventions that are more likely to be challenged as to whether they fall within Section 101 , including software inventions and inventions relating to certain types of medical tests and diagnostics .
Inventions that do not meet the requirements of Section 101 are considered to fail the " subject matter eligiblity " requirement for patent protection , and cannot receive a valid US patent even if they meet the other requirements for patentability ( i.e. , even if the invention is new , useful , and non-obvious ) .
See 35 U.S.C. 101 ; and MPEP Sections 2104 and 2106
The language of Section 101 identifies four types of inventions that are patentable , namely processes , machines , articles of manufacture , and compositions of matter .
If an invention does not fall within one of these four categories , the invention is not patentable .
For example , data structures that are not claimed in combination with a computer or some type of computer - readable media are clearly outside of these four categories .
So is nonfunctional descriptive material , such as music , literary works , and compilations or arrangements of data .
It is also clear that electromagnetic waves or signals do not fit into any of these categories , and therefore are not patentable .
Finally , a claim to " software " that is not tied to a process or a physical machine ( such as a computer or mobile device ) would also fall outside the four statutory categories and therefore would not be patentable .
In order to avoid this problem , most experienced patent attorneys will take care never to claim software in the abstract , but will only claim software in the context of a computing machine or a process .
See MPEP Section 2106
In addition to falling within one of these four statutory classes , an invention must also avoid a judicially created " exception " to patentable subject matter if it is to be considered a patentable type of invention .
Recent case law has identified three different exceptions , namely abstract ideas , laws of nature , and natural phenomenon .
The Supreme Court in Alice Corp. v. CLS Bank International analyzed these three exceptions in some detail .
The " abstract idea " exception to patentable subject matter is particularly important for patents relating to software , mobile - device apps , and the Internet .
Many observers are of the opinion that a large precentage of software - related inventions are no longer patentable after the Supreme Court 's explanation of the abstract idea exception .
See BitLaw's Section 101 Index and MPEP Section 2106 for more details
Novelty ( Newness ) Requirement
In order for an invention to be patentable , the invention must be considered to be new or novel .
This novelty requirement states that an invention cannot be patented if certain public disclosures of the invention have been made .
The statute that explains when a public disclosure has been made ( 35 U.S.C. Section 102 ) is complicated and often requires a detailed analysis of the facts and the law .
The most important rule , however , is that an invention will not normally be patentable if : the invention was known to the public before the applicant filed for patent protection ;
the invention was described in a printed publication before the applicant filed for patent protection ; or
the invention was described in a published patent application or issued patent that was filed before the applicant filed for patent protection .
There is an exception to these requirements for disclosures made by the inventor less than one year before the patent application was filed .
This means that there is a one year period after the first public disclosure or offer for sale of an invention by an inventor during which a patent application must be filed .
This " statutory bar " is unforgiving , which means that an inventor who does not file for patent protection on her new invention within this one year grace period will lose all right to obtain patent protection on the invention .
In fact , it is possible that this one - year clock may start " ticking " by something as innocuous as showing the invention to friends without any obligation of confidentiality .
See 35 U.S.C. 101 and MPEP Section 2153.01 ( a)
Although the United States grants the one year grace period described above , most other countries do not grant such a period .
Therefore , it is almost always preferable to file a patent application before any public disclosure of the invention .
Most patent attorneys will try diligently to file a patent application prior to any public release or announcement in order to allow international patent filings .
The statute that describes this novelty requirement under U.S. law was significantly revised by the America Invents Act .
Patent applications that were filed on or before March 16 , 2013 fall under the earlier version of the statue .
Under this earlier version , public disclosures made by another less than one year before the patent application was filed may not bar an application if the disclosure was made after the applicant 's " invention " date .
See 35 U.S.C. 102
Useful Requirement
The patent law specifies that the subject matter must be " useful . "
This means that the invention must have a useful purpose .
In most cases , the usefulness requirement is easily met in the context of computer and electronic technologies .
The requirement is more important when attempting to patent a pharmaceutical or chemical compound , as it is necessary to specify a practical or specific utility for the new compound .
See MPEP Section 2107
Given my background , my politics , and my professed values and ideals , there will no doubt be those for whom my statements of condemnation are not enough .
Why associate myself with Reverend Wright in the first place , they may ask ?
Why not join another church ?
And I confess that if all that I knew of Reverend Wright were the snippets of those sermons that have run in an endless loop on the television and You Tube , or if Trinity United Church of Christ conformed to the caricatures being peddled by some commentators , there is no doubt that I would react in much the same way
But the truth is , that is n’t all that I know of the man .
The man I met more than twenty years ago is a man who helped introduce me to my Christian faith , a man who spoke to me about our obligations to love one another ; to care for the sick and lift up the poor .
He is a man who served his country as a U.S. Marine ; who has studied and lectured at some of the finest universities and seminaries in the country , and who for over thirty years led a church that serves the community by doing God ’s work here on Earth – by housing the homeless , ministering to the needy , providing day care services and scholarships and prison ministries , and reaching out to those suffering from HIV / AIDS .
In my first book , Dreams From My Father , I described the experience of my first service at Trinity :
“ People began to shout , to rise from their seats and clap and cry out , a forceful wind carrying the reverend ’s voice up into the rafters … .
And in that single note – hope !
– I heard something else ; at the foot of that cross , inside the thousands of churches across the city , I imagined the stories of ordinary black people merging with the stories of David and Goliath , Moses and Pharaoh , the Christians in the lion ’s den , Ezekiel ’s field of dry bones .
Those stories – of survival , and freedom , and hope – became our story , my story ; the blood that had spilled was our blood , the tears our tears ; until this black church , on this bright day , seemed once more a vessel carrying the story of a people into future generations and into a larger world .
Our trials and triumphs became at once unique and universal , black and more than black ; in chronicling our journey , the stories and songs gave us a means to reclaim memories that we did n’t need to feel shame about …memories that all people might study and cherish – and with which we could start to rebuild . ”
That has been my experience at Trinity .
Like other predominantly black churches across the country , Trinity embodies the black community in its entirety – the doctor and the welfare mom , the model student and the former gang - banger .
Like other black churches , Trinity ’s services are full of raucous laughter and sometimes bawdy humor .
They are full of dancing , clapping , screaming and shouting that may seem jarring to the untrained ear .
The church contains in full the kindness and cruelty , the fierce intelligence and the shocking ignorance , the struggles and successes , the love and yes , the bitterness and bias that make up the black experience in America .
And this helps explain , perhaps , my relationship with Reverend Wright .
As imperfect as he may be , he has been like family to me .
He strengthened my faith , officiated my wedding , and baptized my children .
Not once in my conversations with him have I heard him talk about any ethnic group in derogatory terms , or treat whites with whom he interacted with anything but courtesy and respect .
He contains within him the contradictions – the good and the bad – of the community that he has served diligently for so many years .
I can no more disown him than I can disown the black community .
I can no more disown him than I can my white grandmother – a woman who helped raise me , a woman who sacrificed again and again for me , a woman who loves me as much as she loves anything in this world , but a woman who once confessed her fear of black men who passed by her on the street , and who on more than one occasion has uttered racial or ethnic stereotypes that made me cringe .
These people are a part of me .
And they are a part of America , this country that I love .
Some will see this as an attempt to justify or excuse comments that are simply inexcusable .
I can assure you it is not .
I suppose the politically safe thing would be to move on from this episode and just hope that it fades into the woodwork .
We can dismiss Reverend Wright as a crank or a demagogue , just as some have dismissed Geraldine Ferraro , in the aftermath of her recent statements , as harboring some deep - seated racial bias .
I inherited an Inspiron notebook with a nonworking screen .
The LCD itself works , but backlight is dead .
Tried replacing the CCFL lamp and also the inverter with no luck , so I am looking to see what I can do with it .
One problem is that the " lid " contains the antenna for the wireless networking .
I am not sure exactly what that looks like .
Is the antenna the large thin metal liner , or is that just some kind of heat sink ?
I know my wireless access point / router has a pretty conventional looking antenna on it .
If I can separate the antenna from the lid , then the body of the notebook might be pretty convenient and discreet .
Well , still researching it off - and - on .
Remember the song from Musical Geek Friday # 7 - Just One More Hack ?
I said that it was the only song ever about a debugger .
I must admit that I was wrong !
This week I bring to you another song about a debugger - the DDT debugger ( and the ancient TECO text editor ) .
TECO stands for Text Editor and COrrector .
It was developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) and was one of the first text editors ever written .
It grew over the years , gaining popularity and features .
Along the way , it also became a Turing - complete programming language .
Several sets of editor macros were developed and used .
I was surprised to find that around 1975 Richard Stallman organized these Editor MACroS into the first Emacs - like text editor .
Here is an article about the history of TECO .
DDT , on the other hand , was a collection of several debugger programs .
These debugging programs included a command shell from which TECO was also used interchangeably with DDT .
DDT stands for Dynamic Debugging Technique ( initially known as DEC Debugging Tape ) .
Talking about the 10th geek song , it 's written and performed by a band called " red martian " .
Enough of facts , here is the TECO and DDT song :
Download this song : catonmat.net/ftp/red_martian-teco_and_ddt.mp3
Download lyrics : catonmat.net/ftp/red_martian-teco_and_ddt-lyrics.txt
TECO and DDT Lyrics :
Oh , you can hack anything that you want with just TECO and DDT .
You can hack anything that you want with just TECO and DDT !
Oh , no , you do n't have to tell me what would I need because it 's simply plain to see ...
That I can hack anything that I want with just TECO and DDT !
Yeaha !
Oh , you can hack anything that you want with just TECO and DDT .
Oh , you can hack anything that you want with just TECO and DDT !
Oh , no , you do n't have to tell me what would I need because it 's simply plain to see ...
That I can hack anything that I want with just TECO , just TECO , just TECO and DDT !
I 'd like to thank Adam for letting me know about this song .
Download " TECO and DDT " Song
Download this song : catonmat.net/ftp/red_martian-teco_and_ddt.mp3
Download lyrics : catonmat.net/ftp/red_martian-teco_and_ddt-lyrics.txt
Have fun and until next geeky Friday !
Prison Planet.tv
Friday , July 11 , 2008
Alex welcomes Rob Savoy of the Rainbow Family .
The Rainbow Family are a loosely affiliated group of individuals committed to principles of non-violence and non-hierarchical egalitarianism who meet in a forest each year .
During this year ’s meeting , feds assaulted , Tasered and arrested five members of the group for the crime of having an “ unregistered gathering ” .
Click here to view the video or click here to subscribe now .
This article was posted : Friday , July 11 , 2008 at 3:45 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
National security strategy faces a radical shake - up , with home - grown terrorists recognized as a greater threat to Australia than foreigners , the Sydney Morning Herald newspaper reported on Saturday .
The federal government is considering putting more resources into building relationships with vulnerable local communities rather than solely pumping more funds into intelligence agencies , the newspaper report .
The federal government will also significantly broaden the definition of national security to include non-conventional threats such as climate change , natural disasters and the economy .
Sources said that as part of the overhaul , the government would reassess threats to Australia , both external and internal .
It would then determine the most effective ways of using the nation 's resources - whether military , policing or funding - to meet those threats .
For example , in dealing with civil unrest in the region , the government will look at the current use of military and police assets and consider whether it is better to establish a hybrid force - with the right combination of skills - to be deployed to South Pacific hot spots .
The report said that the government 's National Security Committee met before Christmas and decided to recast the national security challenge into a number of key areas , including trade , the economy , overseas aid , defense , counter - terrorism and diplomacy .
Departmental and agency heads were then asked to submit detailed papers setting out ideas to the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet , which will draw them together .
Source : Xinhua
In Madrid , Spain they are currently building a huge structure called an “ Air Tree ” or “ Eco Boulevard de Vallecas ” .
The Tree was created by Urban Ecosystem to be a social center , and to improve the surrounding environment .
The structure is also completely self - sufficient , generating all its own power with solar cells .
Any surplus energy is sold to the electrical grid .
It also produces oxygen using its arrays of plants and trees , hence the “ tree ” appellation .
The designers say :
… Simple air conditioning systems installed in the air tree are evapotranspirators .
This is a natural way to air condition a space , not a part of commercial strategy .
Rather , it creates naturally conditioned spaces between 8 - 10 °C cooler than the surrounding streets where the residents can take active part in the public domain .
The structure itself was made of mostly recycled materials .
Via : Urban Ecosystem Blog via Green Line Blog
Presumed Republican presidential nominee John McCain believes that Czechoslovakia is still an existent country , despite the fact that it has not been for 15 years .
This makes him the type of person that one might charitably describe as a dum-dum .
Now , I know what some of you are thinking .
Some of you are thinking : " Hell , I did n't know Czechoslovakia is n't a country anymore , either - and , darn it , I 'm no dum - dum ! "
Well , maybe you are and maybe you are n't , but it 's rather beside the point since you 're not running to be the president of the United States , which is one of the most globally important jobs on the planet .
Unfortunately ( for a whole lotta reasons ) , McCain is - and that means he probably ought to have a passing familiarity with the goings - on in Europe over the last couple of decades , as it's an important continent and stuff .
It 's totally in the Top 10 , at least .
So what 's he been spending his time learning lo these last 15 years ?
Surely not how to navigate the internets - despite how remarkable they are - given that he 's a self - described computer " illiterate who has to rely on [ his ] wife for all of the assistance that [ he ] can get " and does n't do email .
And he definitely has n't been spending time boning up on the economy or foreign policy or basic sex ed .
I 'm just not sure what , exactly , his feisty little noggin's been up to - with the exception of learning during his thwarted presidential run in 2000 that when Karl Rove trashes your family , the only appropriate response if you want to be president some day is , " Thank you , sir .
May I have another ? "
By this point , perhaps some of you are thinking : " Oh , big deal .
So he does n't know Czechoslovakia does n't exist anymore .
Whoopty - doo .
Not everyone 's an A student , you brown - nosing geography nerd . "
' Tis true .
Not everyone is .
Thing is , we 've given the whole hand - over - the - leadership - of - the - nation - to - the - C - student thing a try .
And it did n't work out so well .
Maybe we could try shooting for something a little higher this time , ya think ?
My fellow Americans , let 's have a little dignity , and expect more of our president than we expect of ourselves .
It 's really OK if you did n't get the memo about Czechoslovakia ( although a daily dose of international news never hurt anyone , except maybe Archduke Ferdinand ) , but it 's really not OK that John McCain did n't - and it's all right to hold him to a higher standard .
In fact , I firmly support the idea that , at least once in awhile , the president should be the smartest guy ( or gal ) in the room .
' This administration has never ever had a strategic concept of what they were going to accomplish for the long - term good of America , ' Chuck Hagel told Politico .
Bush walks like a duck as GOP bolts
From Medicare to mortgages , President Bush ’s lame - duck status is more and more evident in Congress , as restless Republicans defect and power shifts to activist Cabinet members , such as Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , willing to engage with Democrats .
Within hours of receiving Bush ’s veto message on Medicare legislation on Tuesday , lawmakers overrode the president , putting into law a bill that many Democrats — only weeks ago — did n’t think had enough votes to get through Congress .
Advertisement
Instead , Republican defections tipped the scales dramatically , and on the veto override , 153 members of the president ’s party joined 230 Democrats on the 283 - 41 vote .
The Senate followed , 70 - 26 , with 21 Republican defections .
The current crisis over the mortgage finance industry shows the other side of the coin .
The president used a televised news conference Tuesday to endorse Treasury ’s plan to shore up investor confidence in the two troubled giants : Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
But again , Republicans are defecting , prompting delays in the House and forcing Paulson to rely on Democrats to see the bill through Congress .
A Wall Street veteran with a measure of moxie , the Treasury secretary dominates the political stage like few others in the Cabinet .
Together with Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , Paulson can overshadow Bush himself in today ’s economy .
But with the Dow Jones falling below 11,000 Tuesday and inflation rising at the fastest pace in decades , it is a perilous situation .
And Paulson faces both political sniping from the White House and sometimes heavy - handed dealing by Democrats as he seeks to address the Fannie and Freddie crisis .
Treasury ’s plan asks for temporary 18 - month authority to extend credit and even purchase an equity interest in the two government - sponsored entities , or GSEs , which have seen their stock value plummet in recent weeks .
To expedite matters , the legislation would be added to a pending housing bill in Congress .
And to make the deal work — and help Paulson with the White House — Democrats said Monday that they would drop $ 4 billion in community development block grant , or CDBG , funds , which had provoked a Bush veto threat .
Those signals changed late Tuesday as more Republicans defected , providing an opening for the Democratic leadership to delay action and also restore the community development funds .
The Congressional Black Caucus had protested the loss of the money , but the decision jeopardizes the larger package and could put Paulson in an untenable situation .
Just hours earlier , the secretary had told the Senate Banking Committee that his working assumption had been that the CDBG funds would be dropped , and urged agreement in dealing with the market crisis .
“ I just hope we can get this done quickly ; we do n’t take hostages , ” Paulson told senators .
“ It would just be a great signal for the whole world to move this through quickly . ”
During the same hearing , Paulson endured a verbal pounding from conservative Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky. ) , but his larger problem lies with Republicans in the House .
Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , who had talked with the secretary on Saturday about the Treasury plan , signaled his concern to Politico on Monday night .
This sentiment became more public Tuesday as Rep. Spencer Baucus of Alabama , the ranking Republican on the House Financial Services Committee , also asked for more time to consider the Treasury plan .
And more than two dozen Republicans signed a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) suggesting that the risks to the taxpayer were too great to proceed quickly .
“ It ’s nonsensical , ” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) .
“ You ca n’t have it both ways and say , ‘ Yeah , they ’re about to go belly up , so I ’m going to increase their responsibilities and increase their financial exposure . ’ ”
“ Nobody wants to see Fannie and Freddie fail , ” he said .
“ But what are the methods , and what are the legislative tools that we use to assure that the problems in the housing market are not exacerbated ? ”
“ You ’re drowning , so go out to deeper water .
How much sense does that make ? ”
The Associated Press reported shares of both mortgage companies continued their fall on Wall Street on Tuesday .
Fannie
Mae fell more than 27 percent to $ 7.07 .
Freddie Mac shares declined about 26 percent , to $ 5.26 .
Shares of each company have lost about half their value since the beginning of last week .
House Democrats hope to regroup and bring the housing bill out to the floor — with the Treasury language — next week .
But at a time when Pelosi is talking up the need for a second economic stimulus package , any decisions that weaken Paulson could be costly .
“ This is a serious situation , ” said Larry Summers , who held Paulson ’s post in the second Clinton administration .
“ We are in much more danger of responding insufficiently than responding excessively .
It is time at last for policy to get ahead of the curve . ”
Summers spoke after a meeting between the speaker and economists like himself , all of whom urged a mix of public investments in infrastructure , new tax cuts and steps to address higher energy costs .
But Paulson was a crucial ally for Pelosi in the first stimulus package last winter , and to get anything enacted into law will surely require his help with the White House .
“ We ’re in a box here , and I do n’t know how else we get out , ” Sen. Chuck Hagel ( R - Neb . ) said after hearing Paulson ’s testimony on the Treasury plan .
“ This administration has never ever had a strategic concept of what they were going to accomplish for the long - term good of America , ” Hagel told Politico .
“ They have been consumed with terrorism ; they have been consumed with national security . ”
“ If Paulson and [ Defense Secretary Robert ] Gates and , I think , [ White House chief of staff ]
Josh Bolten would have been at the front end of this administration , at the beginning , I think you ’d see a whole different landscape , but we ’ve never had any strategic thinking . ”
The Medicare measure , which now becomes law , blocks a scheduled 10.6 percent cut in Medicare reimbursements for physicians , but it pays for itself by effectively taking money from private Medicare Advantage health plans championed by the administration as an alternative to the government - run program for the elderly .
For this reason , Democrats never expected to prevail when the package was brought to the House floor in late June .
But Republicans defected in huge numbers , and resistance in the Senate collapsed last week .
The 21 Republicans who opposed the president grew from 18 last week .
The number would have been higher but for the absence of Sen. John Warner ( R - Va . ) .
Altogether , four more Republicans — three of whom are up for reelection in November — switched against Bush on the override .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Energy drink Red Bull appeared in its original recipe in France ’s shops for the first time on Tuesday , implementing European regulations that say it should be put on sale in the absence of proof that it is harmful .
The drink had been banned in France for twelve years due to health authorities ’ concerns about unknown consequences of the ingredient taurine , a chemical forbidden in several countries .
Until now a modified version of the drink , containing caffeine but not taurine , was on sale in France .
The French government was forced to legalize the drink because European Union regulations state that a product made or sold in other EU countries cannot be banned unless a health risk is proven , France ’s food safety agency said on their website .
The health authority nonetheless remained skeptical about Red Bull ’s safety , given the high levels of taurine and caffeine , suspected of causing “ neurophysiological problems ” .
“ The agency considered that the safety of use was not guaranteed .
In addition , the nutritional value could not be demonstrated , ” the agency said , summarizing several of its analyses carried out on the drink since 2001 .
It added that it suspected the drink lessens the impression but not the effects of drunkenness when consumed with alcohol .
France ’s health minister Roselyne Bachelot , who had in June expressed “ serious reservations ” about Red Bull , has asked that the drink be kept under surveillance , and that the public be informed of the possible undesirable effects of the drink .
Austria - based Red Bull agreed that health warnings indicating the drink ’s high caffeine content , recommending moderate consumption , and advising against consumption by pregnant women and children , would feature on cans .
One feature of the cans that went on sale on Tuesday was a logo advertising the product ’s unique selling point : “ taurine formula ” .
He insists he hacked into the computer networks only to find evidence of extra-terrestrial landings .
He is self - taught and worked under the name Solo but managed to cause more than £ 475,000 ( $ 990,660 ) in damage to some of the most supposedly secure computers in the US , including those operated by NASA , the Pentagon and several arms of the US military .
The House of Lords was told McKinnon should not be extradited to the US because US prosecutors attempted to intimidate him into co-operating with them .
They were told that , if the extradition was allowed to go ahead , he would become a victim of abuse of process .
In an interview posted on YouTube , McKinnon insists the only reason he was able to gain computer access to the networks was because they were badly protected by lax security .
In 2005 , McKinnon made world headlines when British prosecutors described his hacking exercise as one of the biggest ever military computer breaches .
He did the work from a room in his girlfriend 's aunt 's house in North London .
McKinnon was taken into custody when he was discovered in 2002 but was never charged in Britain .
Last year , he lost an appeal in the High Court to stop his extradition to the US .
His lawyer , David Pannick , QC , told the House of Lords that McKinnon had been told by US authorities that , unless he agreed to plead guilty to an extradition he would face an even tougher sentence .
Reports on the internet have also quoted a US embassy legal official who said New Jersey authorities said they wanted McKinnon to " fry " .
Mr Pannick told the Lords it had the power to turn down an extradition if it believed there was an abuse of process .
" The US prosecutors sought to impose pressure on the appellant through his legal advisers to consent to extradition and plead guilty , " he said .
He said one threat had been to treat the case as a terrorism case with a potential 60 - year jail term on the cards .
McKinnon was told , on the one hand , that if he co-operated he would receive a jail sentence of between 37 and 46 months with a possible repatriation to Britain after half the time .
" By contrast , the appellant 's representatives were told that if the appellant declined to co-operate , this sentence would be in the region of eight to 10 years , possibly longer , " Pannick said .
The Guardian reported yesterday that a judgment is expected within three weeks .
DIGG THIS
Chance is a word devoid of sense ; nothing can exist without a cause .
~ Voltaire
Whenever regulatory schemes of the state go awry , urgent campaigns are undertaken to find scapegoats upon whom to unload explanations for the ensuing failures .
We saw this in the so - called " savings and loan scandals , " when governmental restrictions on the industry combined with rapidly growing inflation that raised interest rates into double - digit numbers , produced disastrous consequences .
Because the state knew that the regulatory system had to be protected at all costs , a number of S & L executives were singled out for the blame .
This practice continues today , with managers of hedge funds facing criminal prosecutions for the investment decisions they made during periods of economic tumult .
Someone other than government regulators must be held to account for such dislocations , and the prosecution of those who failed to respond adequately to the state - generated confusion will be used to convince Boobus that state regulation does work to instill order and protect his interests !
With rising gasoline and food prices , a number of legislators have urged more laws to control " speculation , " particularly in the commodities markets .
The economic genius , Sen .
Joe Lieberman , would like to prohibit major investment firms from entering the commodity markets , with warning signs reading " no speculators allowed . "
His compatriot in commercial wizardry , Sen. Carl Levin , berated an official of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
" You study it , but you do n’t act against this incredible increase in speculation , " he lamented , adding that unless this agency takes action against speculators , " we do n’t have a cop on the beat . "
Such is the litany that has always accompanied vertically - structured , command - and - control social systems .
The priesthood of this faith insists that , in a complex world , order depends upon what Lieberman termed more precise legislative definitions of prohibited conduct , and upon Levin ’s " cop on the beat " to enforce the constantly redefined rules .
But it is precisely this mindset of societies run from the top down in the up - to - date fashion of the Code of Hammurabi , that no longer inspires the respect of intelligent minds .
The study of chaos and complexity inform us that , the more complex a system becomes , the more impossible it is to predict outcomes .
More than any other factor that is bringing Western civilization to a close is , I suspect , the failure of people to understand this inherently unpredictable nature of our world ; and to grasp the fact that order arises spontaneously as an unintended consequence of the pursuit of individual self - interest .
This politically - driven fear of speculators is , at base , a fear of the inherent uncertainties of any complex society ; inconstancies rendered even more ambiguous by political interventions that disrupt the spontaneously - generated regularities of the marketplace and other social behavior .
But the spontaneously - derived patterns that emerge as a composite of millions - upon - millions of private decisions , do not always work to the benefit of those members of society who believe that they are entitled to something more than what their neighbors are prepared to provide them .
If a business firm , for instance , is unable to obtain sales of its products at prices it desires , it may turn to the state for legislation criminalizing the lower - priced practices of its competitors as " unfair . "
It is a consequence of the " law of large numbers " that firms with concentrated economic interests will have a greater incentive to seek such regulation than will those with diffused interests ( e.g. , consumers ) .
As a result , legislative halls will be filled with lobbyists hired by these more dominant interests to do one thing : to get the state to provide them with benefits they are unable to obtain , freely , in the marketplace .
A spontaneously - ordered society is much like a spider web , with a network of interconnectedness created not by a single spider , but by millions of people interacting with one another in mutually - beneficial ways .
There are patterns to which each of us pays attention , but are not compelled to conform ( e.g. , I may observe that the price for copper has gone down , but I am not required to buy any of it , nor am I prohibited from buying copper from another at a higher price ) .
When the state intervenes to regulate aspects of this orderly system ( e.g. , price controls ) , it is as though a rock had been thrown through the web , disrupting — or even destroying — the existing connections .
The regulation creates confusion and even greater uncertainty than would otherwise exist within a complex system .
Will the state impose additional restrictions or , perhaps , reduce those already in place ?
What are the likely consequences of such uncertainties for individuals who might want to enter into long - term contracts with one another ?
Within such a setting made increasingly unclear by the inconsistencies between marketplace and political pressures , individuals must act .
As with the origins of spontaneously - ordered systems , such persons will act not for the purpose of reconnecting the patterns disrupted by regulatory machinery , but to successfully pursue their respective interests within the broken strands .
Even within a completely free market , there will be a great deal of uncertainty that accompanies our actions .
How do we make decisions in such a setting ?
Most new businesses fail within a year or two after their inauguration , and yet this statistical fact does not deter sizeable numbers of men and women from investing their time and other resources in speculating that their vision of a successful enterprise will be realized .
This is one of the qualities I so admire in entrepreneurs : the willingness to take major risks with their own resources to pursue their self - interests in an unpredictable world .
It is such a willingness to " speculate " that underlies a productive society .
But there are considerable costs associated with speculative undertakings .
The failure to anticipate and account for such costs greatly increases the likelihood of failure .
Government regulation is the source of many of these costs .
Indeed , it can be said that the state exists for no other purpose than to impose costs upon one group of people in order to provide benefits for others who are unable or unwilling to obtain them in the free exchanges of the marketplace .
The war in Iraq is forcing the Iraqi people to bear costs that benefit political and corporate interests , while government licensing requirements impose costs on would - be entrants — and consumers — into a business or profession in order to protect existing licensees from added competition .
The factor that is most responsible for maintaining the constantly fluctuating order within the marketplace , is the pricing system .
While price changes are affected by a number of considerations ( e.g. , the intensity of demand on the part of customers ) , buyers and sellers alike make their decisions as to whether to produce or to purchase various goods and services based upon both existing and anticipated prices .
It is the pricing mechanism that political systems so often tinker with , creating discrepancies between the actual preferences of marketplace participants , and the state - mandated prices .
Like a rock thrown through a spider ’s web , this action both disrupts and distorts the messages that prices signal to one and all .
If the state arbitrarily sets a price below that prevailing in the marketplace ( e.g. , rent control laws ) , it generates an increased demand on the part of purchasers that sellers ( e.g. , landlords ) are unwilling to satisfy .
Likewise , if the state mandates prices above the market levels ( e.g. , minimum wage laws ) , it sends a message to potential employees that there is a greater demand for their services than is actually the case .
It is within this area of discrepancy that buyers and sellers must operate when making their respective decisions .
When the state — through its central banks — sets interest rates below market prices for money , it creates the impression that there is a greater supply of this resource than is the case .
Borrowers — misled by such distorted information — make investment decisions that are not reflective of the amount of money actually available in the market .
As Murray Rothbard has shown in his book , America ’s Great Depression , it was such governmental practices that were responsible for this defining period in our economic history .
The more that government regulation distorts the market , the more the statists insist upon further intrusions to remedy the politicogenic problems .
One regulatory failure begets two corrective measures , the failures of which result in four more remedial responses , ad nauseum .
The more marketplace distortion that is created by such escalating interventions , the greater uncertainty that attends economic decision - making .
In such a confused setting — in which the market tries to reestablish its regularities — market participants are forced to speculate a great deal more than would be the case where the pricing system was allowed to function .
The escalating prices for oil , food , and other necessities are factors about which each of us must speculate in planning our lives .
From those who invest in petroleum futures to you and I contemplating summer vacation plans , speculation about oil prices will be at the center of our decision - making .
Will such prices continue to go up and , if so , will this make airline travel to a vacation spot too expensive ?
Can we afford to drive to our desired location ?
Southwest Airlines provides an example of how intelligent minds can successfully navigate these currents of uncertainty .
Anticipating that the price of oil would continue to rise , this airline hedged on future prices ( i.e. , speculated ) and locked itself in to purchase oil at what has proven to be a lower price than now prevails .
Southwest , in other words , ran the risk that oil prices might level off , in which case it would be contractually obligated to make purchases at higher than market prices .
Such intelligent foresight — benefiting both Southwest in keeping its operating costs down , as well as its customers who are thus not burdened by higher fares — is what some legislators seek to criminalize !
Under the best of circumstances , the complexities of the marketplace render all of our investment decisions speculative .
If you doubt this , ask any stock broker to guarantee you the future performance of your United Updike stock .
Even the most astute investors are unable to do this .
The Warren Buffets of our world are better able than the rest of us to profitably speculate about the future , but speculation nonetheless underlies each of their decisions .
A magazine to which I subscribe has a question on a recent cover that reads " how can we protect business from risk ? "
In a world of uncertainty , all of life involves risk .
It is the function of intelligence to identify and assess the factors that may influence a course of action .
Because we will never be able to marshal all of these causal components , we are destined to act with varying degrees of unpredictability .
The creative process — upon which our lives depend — requires us to become comfortable with this fact of uncertainty even as we speculate about the outcomes of our actions .
Our ancestors moved about the globe — as we still do — speculating that another setting might be more beneficial to their interests than the one left behind .
The state has not made our world uncertain and unpredictable : the very nature of complex systems has caused that .
But the state — by distorting the marketplace signals upon which we must rely — has twisted such messages and damaged or destroyed economic opportunities in ways that intensify uncertainty and make it increasingly difficult to calculate risks .
Wars , price and production controls , inflationary practices , monetary policies , and other disruptions make our actions increasingly speculative as to outcomes .
Were I to re-label all of your prescribed medications , such that you were n’t certain as to which to take , and in what dosage , for given symptoms , do you think your health might be jeopardized as a result ?
Should you — rather than I — be railed at by political hacks , or punished for engaging in speculation as to which medication to take ?
The lifeblood of the state is grounded in the illusion that it can protect us from fears and uncertainties , and provide us with a sense of security against the vicissitudes that define life itself .
In furtherance of such fantasies , politicians and state officials are forever concocting fears with which to terrify the citizenry , and erecting scarecrows to ward off such imagined specters .
As the state continues to increase — in seemingly exponential rates — the disordered confusion that its policies have generated , decision - making on the part of ordinary people becomes all the more speculative .
Such politically - induced consequences become yet another fear against which the Liebermans , Levins , and other architects of economic dysfunction , again promise to protect a gullible public .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Bicycle sidepaths : crash risks and liability exposure
Evidence from the research literature
The evidence that bicycling on sidewalks and similar facilities is more hazardous than bicycling on streets is overwhelming .
Need to see that evidence ?
Here are some graphs , and links to studies posted on the Internet on this site and others :
Adult Bicyclists in the U.S. by Dr. William Moritz .
Relative danger index 24.8 times as high for sidewalk riding as for major street without bicycle facilities .
( Data include all crashes , not just car - bike collisions ) .
The population was avid adult recreational and utility cyclists .
The following graph by Martin Pion summarizes the results for different facility types .
A Survey of North American Bicycle Commuters by Dr. William Moritz Relative danger index 5.32 times as high on " other " facilities ( mostly sidewalks ) as on average of all facilities ( mostly streets ) .
Data include all crashes , not just car - bike collisions .
Lower ratio than in previous study probably related to typically lower speed and overall higher crash rate of average commuters compared with avid cyclists .
The Risks of Cycling by Dr. Eero Pasanen , Helsinki , Finland .
Small samples , but results consistent with other studies :
Higher car - bike collision rate for one - way sidepaths compared with streets , even though pedestrians are prohibited from the sidepaths .
Higher rate yet on sidewalks .
Rate on sidepaths 4 times as high as on paths away from streets .
2.5 times as high rate when crossing intersection from sidewalk compared with street , 2.9 times as high when crossing from path .
Extremely high rate of car - bike collisions with bicyclists crossing intersection on the left sidepath .
1987 study by the University of Lund , Sweden .
( summarized in a conference report , with an explanation of the diagram below ) .
11.9 times the risk of car - bike crashes for bicyclists riding on a left sidepath , and 3.4 times for bicyclists on the right sidepath , compared with bicyclists riding in the normal position on the road .
Alan Wachtel and Diana Lewiston , Risk Factors for Bicycle - Motor Vehicle Collisions at Intersections ( ITE Journal , September 1994 ) .
Car - bike collision rate 1.8 times as high for sidewalk riding as for streets on average , and higher for all categories of cyclists .
Sidewalk Bicycle Safety Issues , by Lisa Aultman - Hall and Michael F. Adams Jr. Bicycle crash rate 6 to 10 times as high on sidewalks as on streets in Toronto .
( PDF document .
See page 4 . )
Toronto Bicycle Commuter Safety Rates , by Lisa Aultman - Hall and M. Georgina Kaltenecker .
4 times as high injury accident rate on sidewalks as on streets ( PDF document .
See table 5 , page 19 ) .
A survey of research on the crash rates of streets , bicycle paths and sidewalks is available on the Internet on John Franklin 's site .
A summary of the topic of bicycle accident types and prevention is to be found in the books Effective Cycling and Bicycle Transportation , by John Forester , published by MIT Press .
Liability Aspects
The paper Liability Aspects of Bicycle Environments : Bicycle Facilities and Roads , by three notable experts on bicycle transportation , Alex Sorton , P.E. , Tom Walsh , P.E. and John Williams was presented at the Institute of Traffic Engineers 1990 Annual Meeting and specifically recommends against sidewalks and sidepaths as bicycle facilities .
Here are extracts from that paper :
The Geography of Genital Mutilations
James DeMeo
The Truth Seeker , pp 9 - 13 , July / August 1989
� 1989 James DeMeo. All Rights Reserved
Presented in 1989 at the First International Symposium on Circumcision
NOTE : Links with a right - facing blue arrow will take you off this site .
Genital mutilations elicit severe pain and terror in infants and children
and are often very dangerous to health .
This paper summarizes portions of a prior study of the geographical aspects of human behavior among subsistence - level aboriginal peoples ( DeMeo , 1986,1988 ) .
The focus here will specifically be on the phenomenon of male genital mutilations .
Genital mutilations are often classified as a " cultural practice , " but there is growing evidence that this benign - sounding label merely serves to dismiss or evade the painful and contractive effects the mutilations have upon the psyche and soma of the child .
Genital mutilations elicit severe pain and terror in infants and children and are often very dangerous to health , which raises important questions how they could have gotten started in the first instance .
People who do not engage in such practices view them almost always with horror and disbelief , while people who do them often have difficulty imagining life without the practice .
Oftentimes , the presence or the absence of the rites are seen as important requirements for the selection of a marriageable partner , and very powerful emotions focus upon them .
Genital mutilations are among the most strongly defended , or defended against , of all cultural practices .
Among the various theories developed to account for the mutilations , their geographical distribution has only rarely been discussed ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
Genital mutilations are among the most strongly defended ,
or defended against , of all cultural practices .
The global distributions of the male and female genital mutilations among native , non-Western peoples , along with history and archaeology , suggest their genesis in the deserts of Northeast Africa and the Near East , with a subsequent diffusion outward into sub-Saharan Africa , Oceania and possibly even into parts of the New World .
They have generally been transmitted from one region to another by virtue of relocation diffusion , accompanied by phases of military conquest of cultures which do not mutilate by invading cultures which do , or by voluntary adoption in association with other cultural changes of an anti-sexual and anti-child nature .
One must keep in mind the premarital , pubertal character of the mutilations as originally practiced by most cultures , performed at a time of otherwise great sexual interests and passion .
I have demonstrated elsewhere that the global distributions of genital mutilations are similar to that of other patrist anti-child , anti-female , and anti-sexual cultural factors , such as infant cranial deformation , swaddling , the virginity taboo , vaginal blood taboo , male domination of kinship and inheritance , and so on ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
Figures 1 and 2 show the overlapping distributions of various types of male and female genital mutilations , respectively , as they existed among aboriginal , subsistence - level peoples within the last several hundred years .
As such , the maps greatly minimize or eliminate the influences of the diffusion of European peoples within the last several hundred years .
For example , the maps do not reflect the existence of male circumcision as adopted in the USA over the last 100 years [ NOHARMM note : See Fig.1B , which illustrates this contemporary development ] ; North and South American data is composed from aboriginal peoples only .
The various forms of the mutilations , and the source for the mapped data , are discussed below .
A detailed discussion of female genital mutilation will be given later by Fran Hosken , whose work ( 1979 ) provided the basis for the map of female mutilations .
Fig. 1 : Map of Historical Male Genital Mutilations
Fig. 1B : Map of Contemporary Male Genital Mutilations [ added by NOHARMM ]
Circumcision only gained the status of being a " hygienic operation " in relatively recent times .
Male Genital Mutilations
Incision , the least harsh of the male genital mutilations , consists of either a simple cut on the foreskin to draw blood , or a complete cutting through of the foreskin in a single place so as to partly expose the glans .
Incision existed primarily among peoples of the East African coast , in Island Asia and Oceania , and among a few peoples of the New World .
Circumcision , a harsher mutilation where the foreskin of the penis is cut or torn away , was and is practiced across much of the Old World desert belt , and in a number of Sub - Saharan Central Asian , and Pacific Ocean groups .
When performed during puberty , circumcision was largely a premarital rite of pain endurance .
Circumcision only gained the status of being a " hygienic operation " in relatively recent times , although the most recent and best medical evidence has in fact shown that routine circumcision has neither short nor long - term hygienic benefits ; indeed , it has mild to severe negative psychological and physiological effects .
Particularly in the bush , under less than sanitary conditions , the circumcised boy infant or child would have been at greater risk than the uncircumcised boy .
The most severe male genital mutilation , a form of skinstripping , was practiced along the Red Sea coast in Arabia and Yemen , at least into the 1800s .
Here , in an endurance ritual performed on a potential marriage candidate , skin was flayed from the entire penile shaft as well as from a region of the pubis .
The community blessing would only be bestowed upon the young man who could refrain from expressing emotion during the event ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
Another harsh ritual , subincision , was practiced primarily among Australian aborigines and on a few Pacific Islands .
It consisted of a cutting open of the urethra on the underside of the penis down to as far as near the scrotum ; the subincision ritual was generally preceded by a circumcision ritual .
The practice did not confer any contraceptive advantage , and no claims as such were made for it by the Australian aborigines .
The geographical aspects of the Australian genital mutilations has been studied previously , and two competing theories were developed : Northwest Australia , specifically the Kimberly region , was identified as a location where genital skin stripping was performed , and some believed that circumcision and subincision spread into Australia from that region , diffusing to the east and south .
On the other hand , independent development of the traits within Australia has been argued , based upon the observation that the most intense forms of subincision occurred in the desert center of the continent , being absent in a few border regions where only circumcision was practiced ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
Fig. 2 : Map of Female Genital Mutilations
... genital mutilations possessed a widespread distribution ,
centered on Northeast Africa and Arabia .
The Ethnographic Atlas of G. P. Murdock ( 1967 ) provided most of the data for Figure 1 .
Murdock 's Atlas also contains raw data on the age at which the mutilations were customarily done among a globally - balanced sample of 350 cultures .
A map of that data which I constructed indicated that genital mutilations possessed a widespread distribution , centered on Northeast Africa and Arabia .
Furthermore , the greater the distance from those central regions , the older was the male at the time of the mutilation ( DeMeo 1986 , p. 159 ) .
As one moves farther and farther east from Africa and the Near East , the males are progressively older at the time of the mutilation .
Furthermore , the practices occur less frequently and undergo a gradual dilution of harshness as distance from those central regions increases .
Genital skin stripping , the harshest mutilation , was centered on the Red Sea region , and was surrounded by a region practicing only male circumcision .
Circumcision , in turn , gives way to the less harsh practice of incision as one moves eastward across the Pacific .
Genital mutilations were not practiced at all among most of the aboriginal peoples of the Americas or Eastern Oceania .
It was precisely in these regions of mutilation absence where the decorative " penis tops " were most frequently found among native peoples , indicating a similar interest in the genitalia , but only in a decorative and pleasurable sense .
Genital mutilations were not practiced at all among most of
the aboriginal peoples of the Americas or Eastern Oceania .
From the standpoint of the pain involved in circumcision as a puberty or premarital rite , the easterly decline in mutilation frequency and dilution of the rite towards less painful methods , and to older ages , makes perfect sense if we also assume that the emotional attitudes , beliefs , and cultural institutions which originally mandated the painful ritual were likewise diluted as they were carried eastward from a Northeast African or Arabian point of origin ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
With the social and emotional root reasons for the rituals becoming diluted with time and distance , less painful methods such as incision were substituted , or it was put off as long as possible , certainly well past the period just before marriage , preferably into the period of old age .
Or it was relinquished altogether .
In the Near Eastern desert regions where the social institutions and emotional roots for the ritual remained but where the pain of the mutilation was feared as a puberty / premarital rite , it was occasionally shifted into infancy , or adopted as such from the start .
... it seems probable that genital mutilations , were introduced before 2300 BC ,
when the Nile Valley was invaded by militant pastoral nomads ,
and culturally transformed around 3100 BC .
There have been several phases of diffusion of the mutilations .
Egyptian bas - reliefs give the earliest known unambiguous evidence of male genital mutilations , performed as a puberty rite during the early Dynastic era , about 2300 BC ( Paige 1978 , Montagu 1946 ) .
However , it seems probable that genital mutilations were introduced before 2300 BC , when the Nile Valley was invaded by militant pastoral nomads , and culturally transformed around 3100 BC .
These invaders , who possessed Asian and Semitic characteristics , ushered in an era of divine kings , ritual widow murder , a military and priestly caste , massive graves and fabulous grave wealth , temple architecture , and other trappings of extreme patriarchal authoritarian culture ( DeMeo 1986 , p.218-294 ) .
As discussed below , cultural tendencies of a similar direction , but of lesser intensity , are positively correlated with genital mutilating cultures of more recent times .
According to biblical scripture , the Hebrews institutionalized the mutilations
after the Exodus from Egypt , and it thereafter became a special mark of the tribe .
According to biblical scripture , the Hebrews institutionalized the mutilations after the Exodus from Egypt , and it thereafter became a special mark of the tribe .
The mutilations appeared widely across the Near East prior to the eruptions of Moslem armies in the 600s A.D. , but were subsequently spread wherever Moslem armies ventured .
While neither male nor female genital mutilations have any specific Koranic mandate , Mohammed thought them to be " desirable , " and they predominate in Moslem areas .
Still , there are regions of ' non-Moslem Africa and Oceania which possess the mutilations as a probable diffusion from ancient , pre-Moslem times .
Diffusion from these earliest periods may also yet account for isolated , rare examples of the traits in the New World ( DeMeo 1986 , p. 358-426 ) .
Fig. 3 : Historic Spread of Human Genital Mutilations
Areas Influenced or Occupied by Arab Armies Since 632 AD ( after Pitcher 1972 ) .
The Islamic empire spread genital mutilations into many new areas of the globe , and reinforced it in others .
However , genital mutilations had spread into sub-Saharan Africa , Oceania , and the New World , prior to the Islamic period , notably among caste , high god , and warrior - emphasizing peoples .
Male genital mutilations were never adopted widely in Europe , European Australia , Canada , Latin America , in the Orient , or by Hindus , Southeast Asians , or Native Americans .
Male genital mutilations were never adopted widely in Europe , European Australia , Canada , Latin America , in the Orient , or by Hindus , Southeast Asians , or Native Americans
The spread of the rite of infant circumcision to the United States during the late 1800s and early 1900s is a most recent phenomenon not reflected on the maps .
Circumcision gained in importance in the USA only after allopathic medical doctors , playing upon prevailing sexual anxieties , urged it as a " cure " for a long list of childhood diseases and " disorders , " to include polio , tuberculosis , bedwetting , and a new syndrome which appeared widely in the medical literature known as " masturbatory insanity . "
Circumcision was then advocated along with a host of exceedingly harsh , pain - inducing devices and practices designed to thwart any vestige of genital pleasure in children ( Paige 1978 ) .
Reich saw the real purpose of circumcision , and other assaults upon the child 's sexuality ,
to be the reduction of the child 's emotional fluidity and energy level , and their ability
to experience maximal pleasurable genital excitation later in life ...
Freud and other psychoanalysts have discussed male genital mutilations as inducing a form of " castration anxiety " in the child by which the taboo against incest and parricide is pathologically strengthened ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
Montagu ( 1946 ) and Bettelheim ( 1962 ) have discussed their connections to the male fear of vaginal blood , where menstruation is imitated ( subincision ) , or where the male must be ritually absolved of contact with poisonous childbirth blood ( infant circumcision ) , or hymenal blood ( pubertal circumcision ) .
Reich identified genital mutilations as but one , albeit a major one , of a series of brutal and cruel acts directed toward infants and children which possess hidden motives designed to cause a painful , permanent contraction of the child 's physical and emotional self .
Reich saw the real purpose of circumcision , and other assaults upon the child 's sexuality , to be the reduction of the child 's emotional fluidity and energy level , and their ability to experience maximal pleasurable genital excitation later in life , a major step in , as he put it , transmuting Homo sapiens into armored Homo normalis .
Reich argued that parents and doctors blindly advocated or performed the genital mutilations , and other painful shamanistic medical procedures , in proportion to their own emotional armoring and pleasure - anxiety , in order to make children more like themselves : obedient , docile , and reduced in sexual vigor and emotional vitality ( Reich 1967 , 1973 ) .
Male genital mutilations are found present in a cultural complex where children , females ,
and weaker social ethnic groups are subordinated to elder , dominant males
in rigid social hierarchies of one form or another .
These ideas , as disturbing as they may be , find support in cross-cultural comparisons of cultures which mutilate the genitals of their males .
Textor 's Cross - Cultural Summary ( 1967 ) demonstrates positive correlations between male genital mutilations and the following other cultural characteristics ( also see Prescott 1975 , DeMeo 1986 ) :
High narcissism index
Slavery and Castes are present
Class stratification is high
Land inheritance favors male line
Cognatic kin groups are absent
Patrilineal descent is present
Female barrenness penalty is high
Bride price is present
Father has family authority
Polygamy is present
Marital residence near male kin
Painful female initiation rites are present
Segregation of adolescent boys is high
Oral anxiety potential is high
Average satisfaction potential is low
Speed of attention to infant needs is low
High God present , active , supportive of human morality
One cannot extract a list of correlated pro-child , pro-female , or sex- positive traits from Textor 's work , as cultures which mutilate the male genitalia do not generally possess such characteristics .
Male genital mutilations are found present in a cultural complex where children , females , and weaker social ethnic groups are subordinated to elder , dominant males in rigid social hierarchies of one form or another .
While the cross-cultural analysis contrasted only aboriginal , subsistence - level cultures , many of the factors identified in the above list are or once were applicable to the USA , where male circumcision predominates .
It must be noted , however , that many or most of those patristic characteristics may be present in cultures where genital mutilations are absent , but which can be accounted for by deprivation of physical affection in the maternal infant and adolescent sexual relationships ( Prescott , 1975 , 1979 , 1989 ) .
The underlying psychology of genital mutilations is anxiety regarding sexual pleasure ,
mainly heterosexual genital intercourse ...
Summary :
The underlying psychology of genital mutilations is anxiety regarding sexual pleasure , mainly heterosexual genital intercourse , as indicated by the associated virginity taboos and ritual absolutions against vaginal blood .
In the final analysis , these mutilations say more about predominant attitudes regarding sexual pleasure than anything else .
... female infibulations and other forms of female genital mutilation persist
in accordance with the arranged marriage system , and other vestiges
of a powerful and hysterical virginity taboo .
Given their similar distributions , similar cross-cultural aspects , and similar psychological motifs , the time and location of origins of male and female genital mutilations are probably identical , the use of each being mandated and widely expanded by groups where dominance of the sexual lives of children by adults , and of females by males , was most extreme .
The use of eunuchs has died out over the last 100 years with the decline of the harem system , but female infibulations and other forms of female genital mutilation persist in accordance with the arranged marriage system , and other vestiges of a powerful and hysterical virginity taboo .
The urge to mutilate the genitals of children stems from deeply ingrained
cultural anxieties regarding sexual pleasure and happiness .
The genital mutilations of young males and females are major examples of cultural " traits " or " practices " which , on deeper analysis , reveal roots in severe pleasure - anxiety , with sadistic overtones .
The parent or tribal elder who cuts the genitals of young children , was subject to the rite himself as a child , and is made very anxious or angry when confronted with a child whose genitals are not mutilated .
This incapacity to tolerate pleasurable movement or feeling in others ( pleasure anxiety ) was first identified for Homo sapiens by Reich who also identified the role that social institutions play in demanding a systematic recreation of trauma and damage in each new generation ; primatologists have identified similar processes of abuse transmission at work in monkeys deprived of maternal love in infancy ( DeMeo 1986 ) .
Prescott ( 1975 ) previously confirmed many of these relationships in a cross-cultural manner .
The materials summarized here in geographical form further confirm these processes which possess historically identifiable roots in specific regions .
The urge to mutilate the genitals of children stems from deeply ingrained cultural anxieties regarding sexual pleasure and happiness .
Genital mutilations always exist within a complex of other social institutions that provide for the socially sanctioned expression of adult sadism and destructive aggression towards the infant and child with unconscious motivations aimed at destroying or damaging the capacity for pleasurable emotional / sexual bonding between mothers and babies , and between young males and females .
In the absence of such deeper motivations , genital mutilations would not be welcomed or championed by parents or birth attendants .
[ For more on this , read James DeMeo 's Saharasia : The 4000 BCE Origins of Child Abuse , Sex -Repression , Warfare and Social Violence in the Deserts of the Old World 1998 .
You can order this book through NOHARMM's Online Bookstore . ]
James DeMeo , Ph.D. , earned his doctorate at the University of Kansas and has served on the Faculty of Geography at Illinois State University and the University of Miami .
He is currently the Director of the Orgone Biophysical Research Laboratory , PO Box 1148 , Ashland , OR 97520 , Editor of the environmental journal , Pulse of the Planet , and author of The Orgone Accumulator Handbook .
References
Bettelheim , B. ( 1962 ) : Symbolic Wounds , Collier Books , NY .
DeMeo , J. ( 1986 ) : " On The Origins and Diffusion of Patrism : The Saharasian Connection , " Dissertation , U. of Kansas , Geography Department .
University Microfilms , Ann Arbor ; see section on " Male and Female Genital Mutilations , " p. 153-178 .
DeMeo , J. ( 1987 , 1988 ) ; " Desertification and the Origins of Armoring : The Saharasian Connection , " J. Orgonomy , 21( 2) :185-213 , 22(1) :101-122 , 22(2):268-289 .
Hosken , F. ( 1979 ) : The Hosken Report on Genital and Sexual Mutilation of Females , 2nd Edition , Women 's International Network News , Lexington , Mass .
Montagu , A. ( 1945 ) : " Infibulation and Defibulation in the Old and New Worlds , " Am. Anthropologist , 47:464-7 .
Montagu , A. ( 1946 ) : " Ritual Mutilation Among Primitive Peoples , " Ciba Symposium , October , p.424 .
Murdock , G.P. ( 1967 ) : Ethnographic Atlas , Pittsburgh , HRAF Press .
Paige , K. ( 1978 ) : " The Ritual of Circumcision , " Human Nature , May .
Pitcher , D. ( 1972 ) : An Historical Geography of the Ottoman Empire , E.J. Brill , Leiden , Map V .
Prescott , J.W. ( 1975 ) : " Body Pleasure and The Origins of Violence , " The Futurist , April , p.64 -74 .
Prescott , J.W. ( 1979 ) : Deprivation of Physical Affection As A Primary Process In The Development Of Physical Violence .
In : Child Abuse and Violence .
( David G. Gil , Ed ) .
AMS Press New York pp 66 -137 .
Prescott , J.W. ( 1989 ) : " Affectional Bonding for the Prevention of Violent Behaviors : Neurobiological , Psychological and Religious / Spiritual Determinants .
In : Violent Behavior Vol. 1 : Assessment and Intervention .
( Hertzberg , L.J. , et al. , eds ) P M A Publishing Corp. New York 1989 , p. 109-142 .
Reich , W. ( 1967 ) : Reich Speaks of Freud , Farrar , Straus & Giroux , p.27-31 .
Reich , W. ( 1973 ) : Ether , God & Devil , Farrar , Straus & Giroux , p.67 -70 .
Textor , R. ( 1967 ) : A Cross - Cultural Summary , HRAF Press , New Haven .
More Pages Related to Male & Female Circumcision
Top of Page | Home | Updates | FAQ | Research | Education | Advocacy | Litigation | Search | Ideas | For Media | Videos | Bookstore | FactFinder
Your Rights | Attorneys for the Rights of the Child | Video Excerpt | Dads | FGC Experts | Position Statement | Harm Form | Class Action
EXPLORE
ALEXANDRIA
All real estate can be found in our Instagram channel .
Houses are exhibited in Instagram story and use promotion through Instagrowing .
Subscribe to our Instagram Stories and get the latest information from the real estate market .
Features of the real estate agency promotion on Instagram .
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
Five Europeans rescued Saturday after an Indonesia diving trip went wrong had to fight off a Komodo dragon while they were waiting to be found , according to reports .
The group was found at Mantaolan , on the island of Rinca off the Komodo National Park , after going missing Thursday .
The divers -- three Britons , a Frenchman and a Swede -- spent two nights on the deserted island , which is home to the large Komodo dragon , before rangers found them Saturday .
Frenchman Laurent Pinel , 31 , said the group had to fight off one dragon with rocks and scavenged for shellfish as they waited to be rescued , Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper reported .
" On the beach a Komodo dragon came amongst us [ Friday ] afternoon , " Pinel said , describing how the group had to pelt the dangerous reptile with rocks to scare it away .
" We had nothing to eat .
We ate some kind of mussels scraped from the rocks , " Pinel told the newspaper .
The husband of one of the other divers said he was told they were in good condition , although dehydrated .
" I 'm just so relieved , " said Mats Kohler , husband of Helena Neva Lainen .
They are both from Sweden .
An official said they were being taken to a hospital for examination .
Searchers using boats located the missing divers at 11 a.m. Saturday ( 11 p.m. ET Friday ) , the official said .
They arrived at a hospital in Labuan Bajo , on the western tip of the island of Flores , about two hours later , an official said .
Watch a report on the discovery of the missing group »
Do n't Miss
Ten minutes of terror in diving paradise
They were one of two groups of divers who entered the water off Komodo National Park on Thursday and were supposed to be gone for an hour , said an employee of the dive company , Reef Seekers .
The second group came back after the hour passed , but the first group failed to resurface , she said .
Earlier , an official with the Komodo Divers Association said the group that returned comprised six snorkelers .
Among those who went missing was one of the owners of the dive company , Kathleen Mitchinson , the employee said .
The seas that the divers were in are known to be dangerous because of their strong tides , and that 's one theory being investigated in the divers ' disappearance , the employee said .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/b\/b5\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-3.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-3.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/b\/b5\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-3.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-3.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :352 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
3
Place the mason jars with lids and rims in a gallon pot .
Add an inch of water to the bottom , cover securely , bring to a boil for 10 minutes .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/4b\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-6.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-6.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/4\/4b\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-6.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-6.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :352 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
6
Use a stiff whisk to thoroughly mix the sugar into the berries .
Stir into the corners of the pot to wet any pockets of sugar hiding there .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/6\/6a\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-9.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-9.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/6\/6a\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-9.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-9.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :352 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 9 Bring the mixture to a boil .
Reduce the heat and heat until the " oily " liquid rises to near the top of the pot .
Pay attention and do not allow the mixture to boil over .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/e7\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-10.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-10.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/e\/e7\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-10.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-10.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight":352," bigWidth " :" 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
10 Watch to see that the temperature stabilizes at 104 C ( 219 F ) if the proportions of sugar and berries was correct .
If the temperature is less , add sugar by the tablespoon until it gets to the right temperature .
Be aware that boiling sugar solutions will burn you quickly and seriously !
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/a\/a4\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-11.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-11.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/a\/a4\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-11.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-11.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight":352," bigWidth " :" 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
11 Take great care and pour the boiling hot mixture into the sterilized jars .
Leave about a quarter inch of headroom .
A canning funnel ( not used here ) makes for less mess .
Wipe the jar rim with a clean towel , if there is any jam on the jar rim .
The rim must be clean in order to have a good seal .
The frothy foam shown in the photo is edible , but it 's not the most attractive or tasty part .
You can skim it off with a spoon , if you wish .
A pat of butter or margarine added as the jam boils also helps keep so much foam from forming .
Leave about a quarter inch of headroom .
A canning funnel ( not used here ) makes for less mess .
Wipe the jar rim with a clean towel , if there is any jam on the jar rim .
The rim must be clean in order to have a good seal .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/41\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-13.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-13.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/4\/41\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-13.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-13.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight":352," bigWidth " :" 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
13 Lower the jars onto a rack in a water - bath canner or large stock pot .
If you use a large stock pot , place a rack or other spacer on the bottom so that the jars do not rest directly on the bottom of the pot .
Add enough hot water to cover them by 1 –2 inches ( 2.5 –5.1 cm ) .
You can measure it to the first knuckle , as shown .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/72\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-14.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-14.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/7\/72\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-14.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-14.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight":352," bigWidth " :" 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
14 Cover the canner and bring the water to a gentle boil .
Boil for 10 minutes , adding 5 minutes to the processing time for each 3000 - foot increase in altitude .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/9\/95\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-15.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-15.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/9\/95\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-15.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-15.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight" :352 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
15 Remove the jars from the boiling water .
Jar tongs are a secure and safe way to do this , or you may be able to raise the entire rack in a water - bath canner .
Place the jars on a clean towel to cool .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/51\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-16.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-16.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/5\/51\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-16.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-16.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight" :352," bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
16 Allow the full jars to cool for 24 hours in a place free from drafts .
You may hear the metal lids make a loud “ plink ” sound .
That is because the contents are cooling , which creates a partial vacuum in the jar .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/9\/99\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-17.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-17.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/9\/99\/Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-17.jpg\/aid338248-v4-728px-Make-Red-Raspberry-Jam-Step-17.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight":352," bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 557 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
17 Check to make sure that the jars have sealed .
The vacuum created when the contents cooled should have pulled the " dome " lid down very tightly .
If you can press the center of the lid down , it did not seal .
It should not spring back .
If any jars have not sealed , you can place a fresh lid on them and process them again , or you can refrigerate those jars and use the contents soon .
Not only were the first chocoholics tinkering with cacao around 1100 B.C. — 500 years earlier than previously thought — but they might have been doing so to get a tipsy buzz .
A recent chemical analysis of 3,000 - year - old pottery shards in northern Honduras turned up traces of theobromine ( its name means “ food of the gods ” ) , a chemical that is found in cacao .
The discovery is the oldest evidence of cacao manipulation .
The analyzed ves­sel had a narrow spout , and the researchers speculate that the locals were imbibing a winelike drink made by fermenting the pulp that surrounds the seeds of the cacao plant .
In contrast , the nonalcoholic concoction favored by Aztecs some 2,000 years later was prepared in wide - lipped jugs , and the liquid was poured back and forth to create froth .
Beer enthusiasts can look forward to a loose re-creation of the ancient brew sometime this year .
Dogfish Head Craft Brewery in Delaware is producing a drink based on the original recipe , with the help of biomolecular archaeologist Patrick McGovern of the University of Pennsylvania Museum , who aided in the Honduran study .
“ We tweaked the recipe , adding hops for the modern palate , ” says Sam Calagione , Dogfish Head founder and president , “ but I still think of it as a liquid time capsule . ”
Image courtesy of Otto Steinnger
WHO shot General Motors ?
The company ’s stock is at its lowest level in 50 years , and its market valuation has plunged to $ 5.9 billion , less than that of the Hershey candy - bar company .
The automaker is weighing yet another round of layoffs  and maybe even a fire sale of venerable brands like Buick and Pontiac .
General Motors once manufactured half the cars on the American road , but now it sells barely 2 in 10 .
Bankruptcy is not unthinkable for Detroit ’s former king .
The immediate cause of G.M. ’s distress , of course , is the surging price of oil , which has put a chill on the sale of gas - guzzling sport utility vehicles and trucks .
The company ’s failure to invest early enough in hybrids is another culprit .
Years of poor car design is another .
But none of G.M. ’s management miscues was so damaging to its long - term fate as the rich pensions and health care that robbed General Motors of its financial flexibility and , ultimately , of its cash .
General Motors established its pension in the “ treaty of Detroit , ” the five - year contract that it signed with the United Automobile Workers in 1950 that also provided health insurance and other benefits for the company ’s workers .
Walter Reuther , the union ’s captain , would have preferred that the government provide pensions and health care to all citizens .
He urged the automakers to “ go down to Washington and fight with us ” for federal benefits .
“ No amount of sophistication is going to allay the fact that all your knowledge is about the past and all your decisions are about the future . ” – Ian E. Wilson
There 's only so much you can do searching for extraterrestrial life when you 're Earthbound .
One approach is to locate and study the best terrestrial examples of what might resemble conditions that could support life on another planet .
View Slide Show Exploration of the Lake
That is exactly why astrobiologists are getting so excited about Pavilion Lake in British Columbia , Canada .
Pavilion 's lake floor is scattered with living coral reef–like structures called microbialites that result from microbes and minerals interacting over thousands of years .
Although Pavilion 's microbialites are believed to date back 11,000 years , they uncannily resemble structures that flourished on Earth some 540 million years ago .
Freshwater microbialites can be found in a handful of other places on Earth , but the diversity of structures at Pavilion is what sets it apart .
There you will find microbialites shaped like cauliflower florets or artichokes growing on flat stretches of the lake 's floor as well as ones that form chimneys and fingerlike protrusions , which cling to steep trenches farther down .
The idea is simple :
If scientists can recognize what early life on Earth looks like , their hunt for life elsewhere should be better informed — because odds are that if life exists or existed , say , on Mars , it would be of the primitive sort .
Along those lines , the research team at Pavilion has employed two single - person submersibles to map the lake floor this year .
They are also busy sampling the lake 's components ( its sediment , water , isotopes and DNA from microbialites themselves ) to reveal the signature of microbialite life .
Once uncovered , tests could be devised to determine on future missions to Mars and other planets if similar structures are present .
When NASA astrobiologist Chris McKay emerged from Pavilion 's waters after his first dive there he said : " I think I just walked back in time . "
Take the time trip yourself with this slide show .
View Slide Show Exploration of the Lake
Mobile applications are a new important communication channel and marketing tool .
This must be analyzed to get the best performance and to understand if your investment in App development is positive or not .
ShinyStat ?
App Analytics lets one understand data about how much App are used online and even offline .
It offers standard libraries as well as centralized dashboard , in real time and customizable depending on needs .
afterdowningstreet.org
Rep. Waxman Asks FBI on Semi-Annual Basis to Please Release More Incriminating Evidence on Cheney and Bush
Submitted by davidswanson
Today Chairman Waxman urged Attorney General Mukasey to turn over the FBI interviews of President Bush and Vice President Cheney , citing new information from the FBI interview of I. Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby and the recent disclosures by Scott McClellan .
The text of the letter follows :
Dear Mr. Attorney General :
On December 3 , 2007 , I wrote to request that you arrange for the production of documents relating to Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald ’s investigation into the leak of the covert identity of CIA officer Valerie Plame Wilson , including copies of FBI interview reports of White House officials .
I appreciate that you have since made redacted versions of the interview reports of Karl Rove , I. Lewis “ Scooter ”  Libby , and other senior White House officials available to the Committee .
I am writing now to renew the Committee ’s request for the interview reports with President Bush and Vice President Cheney and to request unredacted versions of the interviews with Karl Rove , Scooter Libby , Condoleezza Rice , Scott McClellan , and Cathie Martin .
I also request that the Department provide all other responsive documents that were approved for release to the Committee by Mr. Fitzgerald .
In his interview with the FBI , Mr. Libby stated that it was “ possible ”  that Vice President Cheney instructed him to disseminate information about Ambassador Wilson ’s wife to the press .
This is a significant revelation and , if true , a serious matter .
It can not be responsibly investigated without access to the Vice President ’s FBI interview .
The interviews with senior White House officials also raise other questions about the involvement of the Vice President .
It appears from the interview reports that Vice President Cheney personally may have been the source of the information that Ms. Wilson worked for the CIA .
Mr. Libby specifically identified the Vice President as the source of his information about Ms. Wilson .
None of the other White House officials could remember how they learned this information .
New revelations by former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan raise additional questions about the actions of the President and the Vice President .
Mr. McClellan has stated that “ [ t ] he President and Vice President directed me to go out there and exonerate Scooter Libby . ” 
He has also asserted that “ the top White House officials who knew the truth — including Rove , Libby , and possibly Vice President Cheney — allowed me , even encouraged me , to repeat a lie . ” 
It would be a major breach of trust if the Vice President personally directed Mr. McClellan to mislead the public .
In his FBI interview , Mr. McClellan told the FBI about discussions he had with the President and the Vice President .
These passages , however , were redacted from the copies made available to the Committee .
Similar passages were also redacted from other interviews .
There are no sound reasons for you to withhold the interviews with the President and the Vice President from the Committee or to redact passages like Mr. McClellan ’s discussions with the President and the Vice President .
Mr. Fitzgerald ’s investigation is closed and he has indicated that it would be appropriate to share these records with the Committee .
There has been no assertion of executive privilege .
Moreover , withholding these documents would create an unfortunate double standard .
During the Clinton Administration , the Committee requested the records of FBI interviews with President Clinton and Vice President Gore in 1997 and 1998 as part of the Committee ’s campaign finance investigation .
These records were turned over to the Committee by the Justice Department without any consultation with the White House .
The Committee is conducting an important investigation to answer questions that Mr. Fitzgerald ’s criminal inquiry did not address .
As I explained at the Committee ’s hearing last year , the purpose of the Committee ’s investigation is to examine :
(1) How did such a serious violation of our national security occur ?
( 2 ) Did the White House take appropriate investigative and disciplinary steps after the breach occurred ?
And ( 3 ) what changes in White House security procedures are necessary to prevent future violations of our national security from occurring ?
The information that you are withholding may hold answers to these questions .
The FBI interview reports that you have shared with the Committee raise the possibility that Vice President Cheney may be implicated in the release of Ms. Wilson ’s identity .
Mr. McClellan ’s recent disclosures indicate that both President Bush and Vice President Cheney played a role in directing the White House response .
The Committee cannot complete its inquiry into these matters without receiving the reports of their FBI interviews .
I therefore urge you to follow Justice Department precedents and provide the records of the FBI interviews with President Bush and Vice President Cheney to the Committee by June 10 .
I also ask that you provide to the Committee , at the same time , the unredacted interviews with Karl Rove , Scooter Libby , Condoleezza Rice , Scott McClellan , and Cathie Martin , as well as the other responsive records requested by the Committee .
If you have any questions , please contact me personally or ask your staff to contact David Rapallo or Theodore Chuang of the Committee staff at ( 202 ) 225-5420 .
Sincerely ,
Henry A. Waxman
Chairman
( Original Source )
Fiterman
Hall would have seemed to be one of the least challenging rebuilding projects around ground zero .
But it has slowly  very slowly  proved to be one of the more intransigent .
The physical scope is straightforward enough .
First , decontaminate and demolish Fiterman , a 15 - story building on West Broadway that was used by the Borough of Manhattan Community College , a unit of the City University of New York , before being badly damaged on Sept. 11 .
Then , replace it .
Neither the purpose nor the scale of the building would change significantly .
Even the name would stay the same .
But the future of the project is hung up on money  specifically , how much financing is or is not due from New York City .
The Bloomberg administration says it has committed $ 80 million .
University officials and Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver , however , said the city has committed only $ 20 million .
That is a big discrepancy and more than an accounting exercise .
The state ’s Dormitory Authority , which would build the new Fiterman Hall for the City University , cannot issue a construction contract without a consensus between the university and the city on a budget and financing , said Marc Violette , press officer for the authority .
Jeffrey L. Bewkes , the chief executive of Time Warner , continued to trim what has for years been the world ’s largest media company by announcing Wednesday that it would completely spin off its cable company .
The news  which was not unexpected and follows an earlier transaction in which a portion of the cable unit was spun off into a separate public company  came as Time Warner reported quarterly earnings that were largely in line with Wall Street ’s expectations .
“ We ’ve decided that a complete structural separation of Time Warner Cable , under the right circumstances , is in the best interests of both companies ’ shareholders , ” Mr. Bewkes said Wednesday in a statement .
“ We ’re working hard on an agreement with Time Warner Cable , which we expect to finalize soon . ”
The company ’s shares rose as high as $ 15.35 in premarket trading , after closing at $ 15.27 on Tuesday .
In regular trading Wednesday , shares were down about 2 percent .
Ready to have your gray matter softly stroked ?
Perhaps you should take a trip to BMW 's recently opened museum in Munich , where a kinetic sculpture comprising 714 metallic balls suspended in air will soothe your weary mind .
It 's one of those things that 's better seen than described , but if you can imagine a wave of undulating orbs that appear to weightlessly float , you 'll start to get the idea .
Ca n't afford the flight ?
Check out the video -- which features some serious easy listening jams -- after the break and see the installation in action .
[ Via BMWCCA
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. cable TV providers plan to share data on viewer habits to build a powerful tool to court advertising money , but the venture is expected to face opposition from privacy advocates who do n’t want consumer behavior so closely tracked .
Exhibitors look over televisions in the Las Vegas Convention Center during set up for 2007 International CES ( Consumer Electronics Show ) in Las Vegas , Nevada January 6 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Steve Marcus
Comcast Corp CMCSA.O , Time Warner Cable Inc TWC.N , Cablevision Systems Corp CVC.N , Charter Communications Inc CHTR.O , Cox Communications and Bright House Networks launched Canoe Ventures this month and appointed ad executive David Verklin to run it .
Canoe will create an interactive television ad platform to enable marketers to insert ads targeted at viewers based on data such as what they are watching and where they are .
The cable industry hopes to mimic many of the strengths of Internet advertising , such as showing ads relevant to the Web pages a user visits or to searches made .
If successful , Canoe could help stem the flow of advertising dollars to the Web and away from television .
David Joyce , analyst at Miller Tabak , forecast Canoe would help cable ad revenue jump 7.6 percent in 2009 to $ 3.18 billion , following an estimated 2.1 percent rise this year and a 3.3 percent drop in 2007 .
But some advanced behavioral targeting technologies have caused consumer backlash .
For example , Web search leader Google Inc GOOG.O and social networking site Facebook have faced many questions on their privacy practices .
Charter Communications already had to halt its own targeted ad plans for its Internet service , after a pilot program to share Web page view data in four markets drew customer complaints and caused an uproar with privacy advocates .
Charter even faced calls to suspend the practice from Ed Markey , who chairs the U.S. House of Representatives ’ subcommittee on telecommunications and the Internet , as well as Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal .
“ I am very troubled about the legal and privacy implications , especially in light of longstanding federal law restricting cable company sharing of subscriber information , ” Blumenthal said , describing Charter ’s practice of sharing Internet use data with advertisers as “ potentially illegal . ”
But cable operators and Canoe executives have said the new platform will work carefully within the parameters of the U.S. Federal Cable Communications Policy Act .
FULL DISCLOSURE
The cable industry is betting that full disclosure to subscribers about the information being collected , the ability for them to opt out , and the attraction of more relevant ads would help overcome potential misgivings .
Viewership data collected by Canoe from cable set - top boxes could be combined with Web usage data , offering a “ 360 - degree view of customers , ” according to Landell Hobbs , chief operating officer of Time Warner Cable .
He called it “ powerful stuff . ” but again reiterated that the industry would operate well within U.S. cable ’s government - mandated privacy boundaries .
Canoe ’s Verklin said anonymous “ addressability ” of ads will bring immense value to advertisers , cable networks and cable operators by reaching specific audience groups .
“ We can find ways to make dog owners hold up their hands so we can put dog food ads only in those households , ” he said .
Analysts are hedging their bets on whether privacy concerns would become an issue , even if Canoe operated within its legal boundaries .
Craig Moffett , analyst at Sanford Bernstein , said though Americans are coming to terms with lower privacy standards in their lives , cable operators would still need to separate customer details from set - top box IDs to avoid complaints .
“ It ’s all but certain that the cable operators will have to set a third - party clearing house for information to safeguard privacy concerns , ” Moffett said .
Reuters / Nielsen
So long , and thanks for all the fish Quad Update !
See the second strip
See the third strip
See the fourth strip Heavy handed drama brought to you by Tom Bruckley .
Of course , since I only update weekly now , the internet has had a head start so I naturally had to make four comics .
Although these are probably my favourites .
Besides , you know , the ones I just made .
Anyhoo , things are coming together for Supanova , with buttons and probably A4 or 8x10 " prints being available for sale and some free Batman vs Superman booklets for con-goers .
There are actually a few more ideas left to go but I 've got work in the meat world that needs doing , so you get to wait till later , or maybe till forever because I will forget whatever it is I was going to create in a few short hours .
Bizarre linkage : Sith Princesses .
Hot ?
I guess ?
Here we go again .
Soaring oil prices have sent Washington politicians into overdrive to come up with a variety of legislative plans that aim to lower the cost of energy by targeting oil companies .
Presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama , for example , has declared : “ I ’ll make oil companies like Exxon pay a tax on their windfall profits , and we ’ll use the money to help families pay for their skyrocketing energy costs and other bills . ”
It may sound good in theory , but if history is any guide , this is a pipe dream .
The real danger is n’t that Congress will do too little , but too much .
The recent past suggests that , in fact , efforts to influence the supply of energy can actually boomerang , driving up prices and consumption .
Rather than demonize Big Oil , lawmakers should focus on tamping down demand .
Washington ’s record when it comes to forcing oil prices down by trying to manipulate the supply of energy is dismal .
In August 1971 , the Nixon administration , mired in an expensive war in Vietnam , worried about the state of the dollar and fearful of rising inflation , introduced wage and price controls for a period of 90 days , which turned into several years .
President Nixon scrapped most of the controls in 1974 ( they were n’t working generally ) , but because government needed some sort of response to increased oil prices , he kept the provisions relating to energy .
Under the scheme , there were limits on the price and therefore the profits on oil produced domestically .
At the same time , however , there were no such limits on imported oil .
Oil companies could make more money importing oil than producing it at home .
The result was predictable : The United States became more , not less , dependent on Arab oil - producing countries .
As Americans lined up at gas stations and shortages occurred , the price of fuel soared .
President Ford floundered .
Not until Jimmy Carter became president were price controls mostly lifted in 1980 , with President Reagan finishing the job in 1981 .
As part of a bargain with Congress , however , Carter supported a windfall profit tax on domestically produced crude .
It meant substituting one bad idea for another .
Advertisement
Once again , a measure intended to help low - income Americans simply meant that the country became even more reliant on imported crude .
Domestic production sank in the 1980s , and the tax never brought in much revenue to federal coffers .
Reagan finally killed it in 1988 .
Now that the cost of gasoline has more than doubled since President Bush took office and America ’s dependence on foreigners is greater than ever , Democrats are essentially vowing to revive the very same failed policy .
It may sound good in theory , but if history is any guide , this is a fairy tale .
Consider Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
Reid has been lambasting “ oil barons ” as though we were back in the bad old days of John D. Rockefeller and Standard Oil cornering the market .
He is touting a Consumer - First Energy
Act that would , among other things , punish oil producers with a complicated 25 % windfall profits tax and create a government program to reinvest that money in renewable energy , perhaps with some of the same companies .
That ’s too much government , too little common sense .
A worthier bill is the proposed Renewable Energy and Job Creation Act of 2008 , which would extend tax breaks for alternative energy producers .
It incentivizes innovation without the government deciding what is and is n’t innovative .
Advertisement
The truth is that conservation and innovation are the key responses to the high cost of gasoline .
Corporations are already adapting to the end of the era of cheap oil .
Thus , the modest miles - per - gallon targets that Congress imposed last year may look irrelevant .
In a superbly researched article in the current Atlantic magazine called “ Electro - Shock Therapy , ” Jonathan Rauch shows that General Motors is in the middle of a crash program to reinvent the automobile by relying almost exclusively on electricity :
“ With the Volt , ” he writes , “ GM -- battered , beleaguered , struggling for profitability -- hopes to re-engineer not just the car but the way the public thinks about cars , the way the public thinks about GM , and the way GM thinks about itself . ”
More prosaically , the U.S. Department of Transportation recently announced that for six straight months , Americans have driven fewer miles compared with last year .
And Americans are n’t the only ones cutting back .
China has stated that it will increase the cost of its subsidized fuel , which should slow the growth in energy use .
But more can be done .
The approach of the United States and other oil - importing countries should n’t be to create apprehensions among the Saudis and other exporters about the lessening demand for gas , it should be to scare them silly .
Such fears prompted Saudi Arabia to declare on Sunday that it will increase production by 200,000 barrels a day to try to keep prices from going even higher .
Advertisement
After bungling the energy challenge in the 1970s , America now has a second chance to liberate itself .
It should embark on a program of conserving energy , encouraging new technologies and developing alternative fuels , from solar to nuclear power , that will help wean it from its dependence on foreign oil .
Until then , the Middle East will continue to have Washington where it wants -- over a barrel .
To assemble this collection of jokes , The Post contacted dozens of comics , ranging from top - dollar headliners in Vegas to regulars on “ Late Night ” and “ The Daily Show ” to up - and - comers who do alt - comedy at local bars .
We asked them to tell us the best gag they ’d written in the past year and their favorite punch line delivered by another comedian .
So according to some of the funniest people on earth , these are the 50 most hilarious jokes of the last 12 months , whether they were told in nightclubs , on television or around a platter of fries at a late - night diner meal .
Feel free to incite your own laugh riot .
Roseanne
A doctor tells a guy : “ I have bad news .
You have Alzheimer ’s , and you have cancer . ”
Guy says , “ Thank God I do n’t have cancer . ”
Jackie Mason
Hillary Clinton says she ’s the most qualified because she was married to a president for eight years .
Now let me ask you , if a brain surgeon quit his job , would everyone in the operating room say , “ Wait , let ’s get his wife . ”
Lisa Lampanelli
I was watching Gene Simmons ’ TV show , “ Family Jewels . ”
Or as it ’s known in the business , ” ‘ The Osbournes ’ Without the Talented Father . ”
Laura Kightlinger
After miraculously surviving two heart surgeries , pneumonia and a mild stroke , at 82 my grandfather was no longer able to care for himself .
Now he lives with my aunt who spoon - feeds him , takes him to the bathroom , etc .
Proof that what does n’t kill you makes you a burden to someone else .
Bill Maher
Barack Obama bowled a 37 .
Is he black enough for you now ?
Bobby Slayton
I got a teenage daughter and a menopausal wife .
One ’s getting breasts , one ’s getting whiskers .
My life is over .
Jeffrey Ross
John McCain is so old that running for President is on his bucket list .
Tomi Walamies
My uncle is in a coma – he ’s living the dream .
( Paul Provenza ’s favorite )
Nick Dipaolo
I think I might vote for Barack Obama .
Because I live in New York City and have been giving black guys change for the past 10 years .
I want to see what it feels like for a black guy to give me change .
Artie Lange
Alex Rodriguez never gets clutch hits in October , yet his fans insist on comparing him to Babe Ruth .
So A - Rod tries to get as close as he can to Ruth - type achievements .
Before the playoffs last year , A - Rod went to a hospital and promised a dying kid that he ’d ground out to second Base for him .
And I was at the game , people , it ’s true – A - Rod pointed to second Base .
Triumph the Insult Comic Dog
At the Tony Awards : I ’m here with Harvey Fierstein , nominated tonight for the “ I Hate Vagina Monologues . ”
Seth Herzog
I took nine years of French , but I ca n’t remember any of it .
I realized on the plane ride over that if someone does n’t ask me what color my hat is , I ’ll have nothing to talk about for two weeks .
Earthquake
You know why the US ca n’t find Osama Bin Laden ?
They ’re using the wrong agency to look for him .
Do n’t send the Army , Navy , Marines or the CIA – send Child Support !
Harland Williams
I was eating an orange the other day and a friend said , “ Did you know nothing rhymes with ‘ orange ? ’ ” So , I threw the orange at his head and said , “ Now your face is swollen red ’ cause I just threw an orange at your big fat head .
Does that rhyme with ‘ orange , ’ you jackass ? ”
Conan O’Brien
To America , there ’s just something about Charlie Sheen working with children that “ feels right . ”
( Bill Maher ’s favorite )
Wendy Liebman
My husband wanted one of those big - screen TVs for his birthday .
I just moved his chair closer to the one we already have .
Seth Meyers
During a “ Weekend Update ” segment about Eliot Spitzer :
And you wanted to have sex with a hooker but you did n’t want to wear a condom ?
Really ?!?
That might not be scary if you were client number 1 , but you were client number 9 .
I wear a condom if I ’m ninth in line at the deli .
( Robert “ Triumph the Insult Comic Dog ” Smigel ’s favorite )
Hannibal Buress
I got a fortune cookie today .
It said I should invest in something fun on four wheels .
I do n’t know if that meant I should get a new car , or a prostitute on one roller skate .
Louis C.K .
On his daughter ’s diaper :
There was so much poop .
It did n’t look like a baby ’s poop .
It looked like a 55 - year - old alcoholic took a dump
( Nick Dipaolo ’s favorite )
Emo Philips
Cellphones are like a dog ’s nipples .
You do n’t have to shout into them !
Nick Thune
Tupac Shakur ’s mother was a Black Panther .
His father was a regular panther .
( Russell Peters ’ favorite )
Jonathan Katz
I was a kid during the height of the Cold War .
If I did something wrong , my parents just accused me of being a communist .
Jim Florentine
I ’m sick of Heather Mills .
Now that she ’s divorced , let her go marry the drummer from Def Leppard .
They can rub their stumps together .
Ophira Eisenberg
I ’m still in my first marriage .
I know , it ’s wrong to talk about it so temporary like that .
My current husband hates it when I do that .
Jim Norton
I never liked Eliot Spitzer until he got busted with a hooker .
Then I was sorry to see him leave office .
I felt like there was finally someone in the government who represented my interests .
Sean Keane
My girlfriend said , “ I hate it when you finish my sentences . ”
So I said , “ Period . ”
( Harland Williams ’ favorite )
George Carlin
Why do they put alcohol on the arm of a death row inmate before they give him the needle ?
Are they afraid he might get an infection ?
( Jackie Mason ’s favorite )
Greg Proops
They say Hillary Clinton has a bad personality .
Really ?
I forgot about Dick Cheney ’s wow factor .
Robert Duchaine
Almost all serial killers are men .
That ’s ’ cause women like to kill one man slowly over many , many years .
( Bobby Slayton ’s favorite )
David Brenner
Gasoline prices are highest in Hawaii , closing in on $ 4 a gallon .
President Bush said , “ See , I told you it was n’t only in our country ! ”
John Oliver
One hundred and fifty years ago , England was fueled primarily from burning Catholics .
It ’s a naturally renewable resource .
( Seth Herzog ’s favorite )
Liam McEneaney
They say gay people have “ gaydar , ” which lets them figure out who else is gay .
Waiters in expensive restaurants have something similar , called “ poor - dar . ”
They always know I should n’t be there , and I can tell by the way they talk to me : “ Sir , can I take your coat – out back and burn it ? ” “ Can I call you a car – or will you be riding a boxcar out of town ? ”
Carolyn Castiglia
My mom says to me , “ Honey , I do n’t want you to think I have diabetes because I ’m fat .
I have diabetes because it runs in our family . ”
I said , “ No , mom , you have diabetes because no one runs in our family ! ” ( Adira Amram ’s favorite )
David Wain
Have you heard they ’re doing a sequel to “ Brokeback Mountain ? ”
No , what ’s it called ?
“ Brokeback Mountain 2 . ”
Desiree Burch
I do n’t wear vanilla - scented lotion or perfume .
Most girls love that crap , but I ca n’t do it .
‘ Cause I ca n’t be the fat girl that smells like Rice Krispie treats .
Ca n’t do it .
People are all like , “ God , Desiree !
Did you eat again ? ! ”
Marc Maron
It ’s significant Barack Obama is running .
I think it ’s important for black people to have a chance to be misrepresented by one of their own .
( Greg Proops ’ favorite )
Todd Levin
I just got engaged .
My fiancée wo n’t take my name because “ Lisa Levin ” sounds awful .
So she ’s just going to remain Lisa Hitler .
I understand – it ’s a family name .
Josh Comers
I had a bully as a kid .
He was dyslexic , so he used to stick “ Me Kick ” signs on my back .
Then everyone thought I was the bully – with bad grammar and the courtesy to give a heads up .
( Liam McEneaney ’s favorite )
Freddie Roman
A couple is married for 47 years and the woman dies .
At the funeral , the pallbearers swing the coffin , which hits a wall .
From inside the coffin , the woman yells , “ Oh , my God ! ”
She lived another four years .
She dies again .
The pallbearers are swinging the coffin .
The husband yells , “ Watch out for the wall ! ” ( David Wain ’s favorite )
Dave Attell
I hate to travel .
I guess it ’s because my father used to beat me with a globe .
( Todd Levin ’s favorite )
Rumors started circulating last week , and now it 's official .
Instead of accepting the Democratic Party 's nomination for President at the Pepsi Center , where the rest of the Convention will take place , Barack Obama has decided to move the main event down the street to Invesco Field at Mile High
HuffPo :
" The Democratic Party is nominating a true change candidate this August , and it is only fitting that we make some big changes in how we put on the Convention , " DNC Chairman Howard Dean says .
" By bringing the last night of the Convention out to the people , we will be able to showcase Barack Obama 's positive , people - centered vision for our country in a big way . "
As predicted , the mainstream media is already starting to jump on Obama for this .
Always looking for a way to frame the issues in McCain 's favor , even the usually superb Chuck Todd cautioned this morning that Obama may cede the " seriousness ground " by treating the event as a rock concert instead of a traditional convention , arguing that it may end up helping McCain .
After all , the obvious enthusiasm gap between the two candidates this year puts McCain at an immediate disadvantage , and his " base " needs to help him neutralize that at every turn .
Realizing that they simply can't compete with Obama 's historic speech the week before the Republican Convention , the GOP is having a hissy fit and complaining that Obama is more concerned with stagecraft than providing real solutions to real problems .
Nevermind the fact that George Bush considered giving his 2004 acceptance at Yankee Stadium .
Oh , the hypocrisy .
( h/t Logan )
And yet since the South began to shift away from the Democrats in the 1960s , it has become one of the biggest and reddest of the Republican strongholds .
In the last two presidential elections , the Democrats failed to carry any of the Southern states .
Although recent Democratic nominees have typically gotten about 9 out of 10 of the votes of Southern blacks , they still need a substantial chunk of the white vote to prevail .
Political scientists put that figure at close to 40 percent , though it depends on the state , and the Democrats have rarely gotten it .
Even after selecting a Southerner , John Edwards of North Carolina , as his running mate in 2004 , Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts drew 29 percent of the white vote in the region ( 17 percent in the Deep South ) .
In 2000 , Al Gore got 31 percent , even losing his home state , Tennessee .
The only times since 1972 that the Democrats have carried more than a third of the Southern white vote , according to exit polls , were when Jimmy Carter or Bill Clinton , both Southerners , were atop the ticket .
In 1996 , for example , Mr. Clinton got the votes of 36 percent of Southern whites and 87 percent of Southern blacks , and carried 5 of the 13 Southern states .
Mr. Obama ’s Southern strategy relies on significantly increasing black registration and turnout , as he did in the primary season .
Mr. Hildebrand said that by some estimates there are 600,000 unregistered black voters in Georgia alone .
The higher the black share of the vote , the lower the requirement for garnering white votes .
But the Obama camp argues that it can increase its share of the white vote as well by focusing on younger , more progressive whites .
Democratic candidates have typically written off many Southern states early in the process .
But when Democrats give up the South , they need to win 70 percent of the rest of the electoral votes , said Merle Black , an expert on Southern politics at Emory University .
And they often subject candidates running for lower offices in the region to fierce political headwinds : it is hard for a statewide candidate to prevail when his party ’s presidential nominee loses by double digits .
Anytime they let any of the three monkey kings of PR run their mouths , they say something stupid .
Oh Howard , you stay classy there champ while charging people $ 55 dollars for a controller which should have been packaged in with your system WHEN IT LAUNCHED , yanking out features that you rubbed in everyone 's face till you saw how much money they were costing you and how people were using them to play software you and third parties were n't getting $ $ $ from anymore and a software format which costs $ 10 - $ 15 dollars more then it 's grandfather which has a penetration rate Blu-ray will be lucky if it reaches in the next 10 years .
@RTW : Really ?
Wii Wheel - Cost by itself ?
$ 5 bucks .
Need ?- Not at all , it 's a plastic shell .
Wii Zapper - Cost by itself ?
$ 5 bucks .
Need ?- Not at all it's a plastic shell .
Balance Board - Cost by itself ? ???
Need - Only if you want Wii Fit , so far there 's games that support it , but it 's not a must have .
@ MykalBloom : Remember , no matter how much
Sony talks about games , it 's a just a talking point , getting people into Blu-ray has and will always be their goal , they make far more profit from it .
This mindset is exactly why Home is n't ready , why Rumble was last gen and why we had a $ 599 system at launch .
Microsoft is n't going away Sony and they will fight you tooth and nail every step of the way .
If it comes down to a money pissing match , Howard , you damn well know you guys would implode before them .
Focus on your games , you fucking tool and less on what the other two guys are doing because right now they are and it 's kicking your ass .
Moving with unusual speed , the Senate today began the process of reversing the recent decision by federal regulators to loosen media ownership rules and enable the nation 's largest newspaper and broadcasting conglomerates to grow even larger .
A broadly bipartisan group of the Senate Commerce Committee approved legislation by voice vote to restore the earlier limits on the number of television stations a network can own .
The bill would also restore most of the restrictions that have long prevented a company from owning both a newspaper and a radio station or television station in the same city .
One provision of the bill would go beyond reinstating the previous ownership rules by forcing a number of big radio companies , including Clear Channel Communications , to divest themselves of some of their stations .
The Senate vote was a clear rebuke of Michael K. Powell , the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , who was the architect of the deregulation .
JERUSALEM – The Palestinian Authority is hoping Sen. Barack Obama wins the presidential election in November and expects the Illinois Democrat to immediately set out to create a Palestinian state once he takes office , a top PA official said .
Samir Abdullah
" We would like to see Obama elected .
If he is elected , an agreement about the foundation of a Palestinian state ( would be ) reached , " PA Planning Minister Samir Abdullah told reporters in Tokyo this weekend .
Abdullah , who is the former head of the Palestinian Communist Party , said the PA expects Obama to win in November .
He said once Obama takes office , " he will immediately study the Palestinian cause and will try to push it forward . "
" Obama promised he will not wait until the last period of his office to relaunch negotiations ... he will begin doing this since his first day in office unlike President Bush , who waited until his last period of power . "
TRENDING : With only days to go until debate , Pelosi gives Biden an out : ' Why bother ? '
Abdullah 's remarks were published yesterday in the Firas Press Network , a Palestinian news website identified with PA President Mahmoud Abbas ' Fatah organization .
Abdullah is not the only Palestinian official to recently express support for Obama .
In a headline - making interview , Ahmed Yousuf , Hamas ' chief political adviser in the Gaza Strip , told WND and WABC Radio in April he " hopes " Obama becomes president .
" We like Mr. Obama , and we hope that he will win the elections , " said Yousef .
" I hope Mr. Obama and the Democrats will change the political discourse .
... I do believe [ Obama ] is like John Kennedy , a great man with a great principal .
And he has a vision to change America to make it in a position to lead the world community , but not with humiliation and arrogance , " Yousef said , speaking from Gaza .
Obama has repeatedly condemned Hamas as a terrorist organization that should be isolated until it renounces violence and recognizes Israel .
Obama questioned over ties to Palestinian activist
RELATED : U.S. partner might deny Israel 's right to exist
Obama has been assailed over his stated commitment to Israel , although he has repeatedly insisted during interviews he is a strong supporter of the Jewish state .
At a recent event in a Boca Raton , Fla. , synagogue , participants in a panel discussion quizzed Obama about his relationship with Columbia University Professor Rashid Khalidi , a pro-Palestinian activist and harsh critic of Israel who has been described as a friend of the senator .
Rashid Khalidi
Obama replied : " You mentioned Rashid Khalidi , who 's a professor at Columbia .
I do know him , because I taught at the University of Chicago .
And he is Palestinian .
And I do know him , and I have had conversations .
He is not one of my advisers ; he 's not one of my foreign policy people .
His kids went to the Lab school where my kids go as well .
He is a respected scholar , although he vehemently disagrees with a lot of Israel 's policy . "
Khalidi's ties to Obama were first exposed by WND in February in a widely cited article .
According to a professor at the University of Chicago who said he has known Obama for 12 years , the Democratic presidential hopeful befriended Khalidi when the two worked together at the university .
The professor spoke on condition of anonymity .
Khalidi lectured at the University of Chicago until 2003 while Obama taught law there from 1993 until his election to the Senate in 2004 .
Sources at the university told WND that Khalidi and Obama lived in nearby faculty residential zones and that the two families dined together a number of times .
The sources said the Obamas even babysat the Khalidi children .
Khalidi in 2000 held what was described as a successful fundraiser for Obama 's failed bid for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives , a fact not denied by Khalidi , who spoke to WND in February .
As WND reported , an anti-Israel Arab group run by Khalidi's wife , Mona , received crucial funding from a Chicago nonprofit , the Woods Fund , for which Obama served as a board member .
When Khalidi departed the University of Chicago in 2003 , Obama delivered an in - person testimonial at a farewell ceremony reminiscing about conversations over meals prepared by Mona Khalidi .
Last month , WND noted Obama termed the Israeli - Palestinian conflict a " constant sore " in an interview just five days after Khalidi wrote an opinion piece in the Nation magazine in which he called the " Palestinian question " a " running sore . "
In his piece , " Palestine : Liberation Deferred , " Khalidi suggests Israel carried out " ethnic cleansing " of Palestinians ; writes Western powers backed Israel 's establishment due to guilt of the Holocaust ; laments the Palestinian Authority 's stated acceptance of a Palestinian state " only " in the West Bank , Gaza Strip and eastern sections of Jerusalem ; and argues Israel should be dissolved and instead a binational , cantonal system should be set up in which Jews and Arabs reside .
During documented speeches and public events , Khalidi has called Israel an " apartheid system in creation " and a destructive " racist " state .
He has multiple times implied support for Palestinian terror , calling suicide bombings a response to " Israeli aggression . "
He dedicated his 1986 book , " Under Siege , " to " those who gave their lives ... in defense of the cause of Palestine and independence of Lebanon . "
Critics assailed the book as excusing Palestinian terrorism and claim the dedication is in reference to the Palestine Liberation Organization , which at that time committed scores of anti-Western attacks and was labeled by the U.S. as a terrorist group .
Top Obama adviser : New York City , Miami Jews the problem
Obama also came under fire last week for comments made by Merrill A. McPeak , Obama 's military adviser and national campaign co-chairman , in which he implied U.S. politicians are afraid of Jewish voters in Miami and New York City and that American Jews are the " problem " impeding a solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Merrill A. McPeak
The Republican Jewish Coalition last week took out ads in top Florida newspapers petitioning Jews in the Sunshine State to question Obama over McPeak 's remarks , which were highlighted in March by WND .
McPeak was asked during a 2003 interview with the Oregonian newspaper whether the problem in solving the Israeli - Palestinian conflict originated with the White House or the State Department .
" So where 's the problem ? " the interviewer asked .
McPeak replied , " New York City .
Miami .
We have a large vote – vote , here in favor of Israel .
And no politician wants to run against it . "
McPeak went on to insist that to solve the conflict , Israelis must " stop settling the West Bank and the Gaza Strip , and maybe even withdraw some of the settlements that 've already been put there .
And nobody wants to take on that problem .
It 's just too tough politically . "
Obama adviser : Divide Jerusalem
Much concern has also been expressed about Obama 's top Midde East adviser , Daniel Kurtzer , who has long been seen as one of Israel 's greatest foes in Washington .
Daniel Kurtzer
In April , Kurtzer stressed Jerusalem must be included in any negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
Kurtzer , a former U.S. ambassador to Israel , has been identified by Israeli leaders , including prime ministers , as biased against Israel and is notorious for urging extreme concessions from the Jewish state .
He was appointed as a primary Obama adviser on the Middle East earlier this year .
Obama 's appointment of Kurtzer raised eyebrows among the pro-Israel Jewish community .
" We oppose the appointment of Kurtzer because of his long , documented record of hostility to and severe pressure upon Israel , " said Zionist Organization of America National Chairman Morton Klein .
Kurtzer has been blasted by mainstream Jewish organizations , including the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations .
He has angered Israeli leaders many times for pushing Israel into what they described as extreme concessions to the Palestinians .
" With Jews like Kurtzer , it is impossible to build a healthy relationship between Israel and the United States , " Benjamin Netanyahu was quoted saying in 2001 by Israel 's Haaretz newspaper .
Former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir said Kurtzer " frequently pressured Israel to make one - sided concessions to the Arabs ; he constantly blamed Israel for the absence of Mideast peace , and paid little or no attention to the fact that the Palestinians were carrying out terrorist attacks and openly calling for the destruction of Israel . "
Morris Amitay , former executive director of the America - Israel Public Affairs Committee , told the Jewish Telegraphic Agency in 2001 : " Kurtzer ... will use his Jewishness as a protective cover for his anti-Israel views . "
The ZOA points out how Israel 's leading daily , Yediot Ahronot , editorialized on Kurtzer 's negative influence against Israel :
" Possibly more than any other U.S. State Department official , Kurtzer has been instrumental in promoting the goals of the Palestinians and in raising their afflictions to the center of the U.S. policymakers ' agenda , " the paper stated .
Kurtzer first rose to prominence in 1988 when , as a State Department adviser , he counseled the Reagan administration to recognize the Palestine Liberation Organization led by Yasser Arafat .
The PLO had carried out scores of anti-Western attacks , but in the late ' 80s Arafat claimed to have renounced violence .
In 1988 , Kurtzer was noted as the principal author of a major policy speech by then - Secretary of State George Shultz in which the U.S. government first recognized the " legitimate rights " of the Palestinians .
Haaretz reported in 2001 that Kurtzer had a " vocal conflict " with an Israeli government official in Philadelphia in the summer of 1990 after Kurtzer " attacked the Israeli government for refusing to include the PLO in the peace process [ and ] said that this constituted the main obstacle to peace . "
To interview Aaron Klein , contact M. Sliwa Public Relations by e-mail , or call 973-272-2861 or 212-202-4453 .
The US Marine recruiter pictured in Fahrenheit 9/11 trying to persuade young men from the economically bleak town of Flint , Michigan , to enlist has been killed by a roadside bomb in Iraq , the Pentagon said .
Staff Sergeant Raymond Plouhar , 30 , died on Monday of wounds suffered while on duty in Anbar province .
He had barely a month left of his tour of duty in Iraq , where he was in charge of detecting and detonating makeshift bombs .
Sgt Plouhar had been angered by his depiction in the anti-war movie , where he was shown aggressively pressing young men to enlist , his family told the Detroit Free Press .
The Marine Corps later accused the film - maker , Michael Moore , of duping its recruiting teams into allowing their work to be caught on camera .
In the 2004 film Sgt Plouhar is shown approaching young African American men in the car park of a shopping mall in one of the poorest parts of Flint , and assuring them that the Marine Corps could help them become professional basketball players .
He tells his fellow recruiter he chose the location deliberately because it was in a depressed area .
" It 's better to get them when they 're in ones and twos , and work on them that way , " Sgt Plouhar tells the recruiter .
Sgt Plouhar had turned to recruiting during a four - year break from active duty after he donated one of his kidneys to an uncle .
