PESHAWAR , Pakistan , April 5 ( Reuters ) - Pakistani Taliban militants claimed responsibility on Monday for an attack on the U.S. consulate in the northwestern city of Peshawar .
" Americans are our enemies .
We carried out the attack on their consulate in Peshawar .
We plan more such attacks , " Pakistani Taliban spokesman Azam Tariq told Reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location .
( Reporting by Haji Mujtaba ; Writing by Zeeshan Haider ; Editing by Robert Birsel and Jerry Norton ) ( For full coverage of Pakistan and Afghanistan , click on [ ID : nAFPAK ] )
( For more Reuters coverage of Afghanistan and Pakistan , see : here )
So the FCC and Congress should work to ensure that such shenanigans are forbidden .
Service providers should n't be allowed to arbitrarily discriminate .
For example , Comcast also should n't be able to block any Verizon ads that websites are running .
But fairly uncontroversial net neutrality legislation could set reasonable limits .
Such new laws could ensure that any discrimination on the part of service providers be grounded in controlling costs so to actually benefit the average Internet user and forbid those based on ends including payoffs , political gain , anti-competitive behavior , etc .
Let 's think about what might and might not pass that sniff test .
The Wired example certainly would n't : that consisted of a payoff resulting in the average consumers being worse off with access to fewer websites .
But charging data hogging websites more or slowing down their traffic would ultimately benefit the average Web surfer : these sites are imposing a disproportionate cost on the service provider , which is spread over everyone if absolute net neutrality is in place .
Asserting the Internet should remain open and unrestrained is n't the same as saying service providers should n't have any control over their own networks .
They have a business to run , and as long as they do n't arbitrarily or unfairly discriminate among various users or websites , but do so based on the cost the traffic imposes , then such mild limits to net neutrality actually would benefit the average user in the long run .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
There has been some confusion recently in regards to Spoilers and how to go about them .
This thread will be the ' go - to ' thread for finding out what constitutes as a spoiler and what does n't , how to hide spoilers , etc .
Please take the time to read this before doing anything else in this subreddit . =]
These rules have been revised as per 16-04 - 10 # ###
It has recently occurred to us that there are two types of spoilers : [ 1 ] spoilers for people who are behind and [ 2 ] spoilers about rumors and future episodes .
Thanks to Urdna we now have spoiler tags for rumors and such , what we will call " Big Spoilers . "
The below tag should be used for Big Spoilers - any detail about unaired episodes , including the latest promo [ big spoiler ] ( / b" The spoiler text goes here " )
The below tag should be used for latest - episode details - in threads that don' thave a spoiler warning or episode - number in the title [ spoiler ] ( / s" The spoiler text goes here " )
The text will show up big spoiler for unaired episode spoilers / rumors or spoiler for latest episode details until the user hovers their mouse over it .
This works for comments only , not for titles .
This thread will contain nothing about Season Six , but might contain information about already - aired episodes from previous seasons .
Titles ##
No Specific Detail of the Latest Episode
Quotes , Episode Titles , Character Names , Events , from the latest - aired episode in the U.S. should not be in the submission title , as they give away information about the episode .
Examples of titles that would be banned are ;
" What did Locke mean by ' He wants us to move the island ' ? ! "
" So last night 's ep confirmed that Sayid is one of the Oceanic Six . "
You get the idea .
To get past this , we feel you should make the title as generic as possible .
Like so ;
" What did [ Character ] mean by ... [ 4x11 ] " -- Put the quote in the ' text ' area .
Remove Locke 's name and replace with a generic placeholder , and reference the episode number ( not name ) .
This should make it clear to people who , for example , have n't seen 4x11 , to not continue reading that submission .
" So last night 's ep confirmed that [ Character ] is ... [ 4x03 ] " -- Same thing here .
This title spoils nothing for someone who has n't seen 4x03 .
Remember , the ' text box ' that you can post self submissions with do not follow the same rules as the titles .
As long as the title remains spoiler / detail - free , it should not be banned .
And to people browsing r/lost without having seen the most recent episode , you should be O. K so long as you do n't open up any submission .
I highly recommend watching before browsing the subreddit .
Your frontpage should be fine and spoiler free thanks to the rules above ( no need to unsubscribe ! ) .
Comments ##
Comments are much more leniant .
If you are just watching the show as it airs you will likely never need to use the spoiler tag in your comments .
In comments , you can pretty much say anything about any aired episode .
The ' spoiler tag ' ( see below ) is reserved only for details about unaired episodes .
This , of course , does n't include special circumstances ( for example in a submission titled " I have n't seen LOST since Season 3 - should I get back into it ? " , you 're expected to ' be a good sport ' and not spoil anything major for them just incase they do get back into it ) .
The Spoiler Tag# #
The spoiler tag will block - out any text from your comment .
The blue spoiler tag is reserved for any detail about the latest aired episode for threads with no spoiler warning in the title .
The red spoiler tag is for any future episode rumors / details , who next week focuses on , what some actress said about her script for the last episode , discussing the promo for next week , etc .
To do the spoiler tag , it 's as simple as making a link .
[ spoiler ] ( / s" The spoiler text goes here " )
If the spoiler is about an unaired episode , replace the /s with / b [ big spoiler ] ( / b" The spoiler text goes here " )
The text will show up spoiler for latest episode details , or big spoiler for unaired episode spoilers until the user hovers their mouse over it .
This works for comments only , not for titles .
Of course , special circumstances will also apply here .
A submission like " Let 's discuss the promo for next week ! " will obviously not require you to black out details - otherwise everything on that submission would be blacked out !
I see a spoiler !
What do I do ?##
If you see a spoiler , either in a title or a comment , it is n't enough to just downvote it .
Click the report button .
It 'll highlight for a mod , and one of us will take care of it . =]
The notion that intellectual ability in men has a greater variability — that the most brilliant and the most deficient brains are found in men — first arose in 1894 to explain why there were more men in mental hospitals and fewer women geniuses .
It has been discredited by empirical studies , most recently in June , by Janet Hyde and Janet Mertz of the University of Wisconsin , who showed that in some countries there is no difference between men and women at the highest level .
Where a difference remains , it is shrinking and correlated with gender inequality , suggesting that cultural , rather than intrinsic , factors are at play .
But stereotypes run deep .
At a presentation to high school girls a few years ago , Gigliola Staffilani , a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , was asked whether for a woman being smart “ makes it hard to date . ”
Mathematics departments in several universities lament a drop in the number of female applicants .
At M.I.T. , for example , the share of women applicants to the mathematics graduate program has declined to 13 percent this year from about 17 percent in previous years , Ms. Staffilani said .
( But the quality of their applications was so strong , she added , that they will make up 22 percent of the student intake . )
The lack of women role models worries her .
It reinforces a view that for girls , well , math class is tough .
Often , conditioning starts early .
Blanca Treviño , a Mexican computer scientist and chief executive officer of Softtek , the largest private information - technology service provider in Latin America , recalls that the kindergarten teacher would call her to complain about her daughter , who was playing with a calculator instead of with dolls .
“ The lady told me that my daughter was making up stories , saying that her mother had an office and an assistant , ” Ms. Treviño said .
“ The idea that this could be true did not occur to her . ”
In India , women scientists have complained that even in science textbooks women are depicted in traditional roles .
And in the United States , some psychologists say that the surge in computer games marketed to boys is one explanation for the widening gap in computer sciences since the 1980s .
“ There should be a concerted effort to undo these continuing stereotyped expectations , ” said Lotte Bailyn , a professor at M.I.T. ’s Sloan School of Management , who studied the phenomenon .
“ We need more TV shows with women forensic and other scientists .
We need female doctor and scientist dolls . ”
The tenets of a Toronto organization seeking a religious exemption to marijuana prohibitions were described by a federal government prosecutor yesterday as a “ fictitious artifice ” and a ruse by cannabis enthusiasts .
“ This is an inside joke among people who like to smoke marijuana , ” suggested Crown attorney Nicholas Devlin during cross-examination of a senior member of the Church of the Universe .
“ I have heard that , ” said Brother Peter Styrsky , who maintained that this was an unfair characterization of the Toronto chapter of the church , known as the G13 Mission .
Mr. Styrsky and Brother Shahrooz Kharaghani are both facing charges of street - level marijuana trafficking , based out of the Mission , which is also a store in east - end Toronto that sells organic goods .
The two men have launched a constitutional challenge to the prohibition against possessing and distributing marijuana , arguing it violates their freedom of religion under the Charter of Rights .
The G13 Mission , which is named after a strain of cannabis , treats marijuana as a sacrament that brings people closer to God .
During a wide - ranging cross-examination of Mr. Styrsky , the flexible aspects of his church were repeatedly critiqued by the Crown .
“ You do n’t have any rules as to how to use sacrament , ” Mr. Devlin suggested .
“ We shy away from tobacco .
Our only official way is for you to decide , ” Mr. Styrsky replied .
The witness agreed that church members are permitted to make
their own choice as to who is their God and it does not have an official position on issues such as abortion .
“ I think a woman ’s right to choose overrides a religious belief held by someone else .
My wife has a different view .
But I wo n’t tell someone what to believe , ” Mr. Styrsky said .
The prosecutor also questioned the lack of structure of the G13 Mission , the statements in a declaration that members must sign and grammatical errors in the charter it received from the Hamilton - based founders of the Church of the Universe .
“ The purpose of the church is community , it is not to force theology .
For Jesus , his church was his people , not a building or an organization , ” Mr. Styrsky said .
When asked about the negative effects of marijuana , Mr. Styrsky disagreed with the suggestion .
“ It definitely gives you a point of view .
It enhances your perception , ” said the witness , who also cited medical uses for cannabis .
The cross-examination sparked objections from the defence when the Crown suggested there was a financial motivation for Mr. Styrsky to invoke religious grounds to distribute marijuana .
Mr. Devlin noted that Mr. Styrsky owes money to Revenue Canada in unpaid taxes and penalties , from when he owned a small trucking business .
“ You wanted to sell marijuana to anyone who had cash money , ” Mr. Devlin charged .
“ No .
We wanted it to go to people who would use it as sacrament , ” Mr. Styrsky said .
The Charter challenge before Superior Court Justice Thea Herman is whether there is religious protection for illegal marijuana use and not the specific evidence related to the trafficking charges .
The hearing is scheduled to last four weeks .
– Article from The National Post .
Potentially interesting development here .
Germany may pursue some action against Goldman Sachs ( GS ) relating to the CDOs itself to a German bank .
Remember , Germany already has hostility towards the company due to its apparent role in helping Greece hide its debt in order to gain entry into the EU .
With Merkel on the ropes a bit due ot the Greek bailout , going after Goldman would probably be a smart political move .
Below the full report from the AP .
------
AP BERLIN — The German government may consider taking legal action in a case in which Goldman Sachs & Co. is accused of defrauding investors , a newspaper reported Saturday .
The U.S. government alleges Goldman Sachs sold mortgage investments without telling buyers they were crafted with input from a client who was betting on them failing .
Buyers included German bank IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG — an early victim of the financial crisis that was rescued by the state - owned KfW development bank among others .
The Welt am Sonntag newspaper quoted Chancellor Angela Merkel 's spokesman , UIrich Wilhelm , as saying that German regulator BaFin will ask the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for information .
" After a careful evaluation of the documents , we will examine legal steps , " he said , according to the report .
There was no immediate confirmation from the government .
IKB spokeswoman Annette Littmann said the bank is aware of the charges filed by the SEC , but declined to comment further .
The SEC says IKB lost nearly all its $ 150 million investment .
IKB issued a profit warning in 2007 , saying it had been hurt by U.S. subprime mortgage investments .
IKB was sold in 2008 to Dallas - based Lone Star Funds .
New Zealand is part of a group of countries offering a compromise with Japan at international whaling talks .
The group will put forward the proposal at the next International Whaling Commission meeting in June .
The deal would allow some whales to be killed in return for a reduction in the quota of whales hunted under Japan 's so - called scientific research program .
" The problem here is that there is no effective international control over the number of whales that are being killed , " New Zealand whaling commissioner Sir Geoffrey Palmer said .
" If that could be secured that would be very good .
An emotional attachment to a moratorium that is n't working is not , in my view , realistic . "
He says if the IWC does not take this stance , Japan will continue to kill thousands of whales for what it claims are scientific reasons .
" I 've been the whaling commissioner for eight years and it's the only issue I 've ever been involved in where people at the golf club say ' What are you doing to the Japanese this week ? ' .
" There is a great deal of unhappiness in New Zealand about killing whales and that 's true of other public opinions in many countries .
" But the truth of the matter is that not all cultures or all nations see that issue the same way and because of that you have to arrive at an international accommodation under a treaty arrangement .
" We have a treaty - it 's defective ; over time we think it could be fixed , but you can't fix it immediately because the differences are very great . "
Australia wants a blanket ban on whaling and does not accept the notion that killing some whales will save others .
Environment groups in New Zealand are outraged and say the government must vote against any deal which legitimises commercial whaling .
Meanwhile , Japanese media are reporting that the country 's coastguard is planning additional charges against a New Zealand anti-whaling activist .
Sea Shepherd activist Peter Bethune is almost certain to be charged with trespassing on a Japanese whaling ship in the Southern Ocean .
Japan 's NHK network is reporting the coastguard is planning to charge Mr Bethune with causing injury to the whaling crew and with obstructing the business of the ship .
They allege Mr Bethune was filmed throwing smoke bombs and butyric acid at the whaling fleet .
The coastguard says one crewman suffered skin injuries when hit by butyric acid .
Editor 's note ( April 2 ) :
The headline on this story has been changed to reflect that while New Zealand does support a change in the arrangements for Japan 's whale hunt , it does not support the hunt itself .
Deadman .
Hawkman .
Hawkgirl .
Reverse - Flash .
Maxwell Lord. Captain Boomerang .
Aquaman .
Firestorm .
Martian Manhunter .
Hawk .
Osiris .
Jade .
They 're back -- for a reason .
This is n't a time for words to adorn the pictures .
Let 's get right to the preview , courtesy of the superstar team of Geoff Johns , Peter J. Tomasi and artist Fernando Pasarin ( along with those lovely covers from David Finch and Ivan Reis ) .
easter candy !
* a man is eating from a basket of easter candy * nom nom nom nom * to himself * i must pace myself * man keeps eating candy , candy bits are going everywhere * * to himself * pace chosen * man speeds up , arms are a blur and there 's a lot more candy missing his mouth * hyper speed !
Webmaster Homepage
Baptists Have Highest Divorce Rate 1999
Comment 2020 : divorce , job losses , and other social problems hit lower income in disproportionate numbers .
Baptists tend to be a lot lower income people .
Baptist likely has little to with it as such .
L. Loflin
The Associated Press 12/30/99
BIRMINGHAM , Ala . ( AP ) -- Baptists have the highest divorce rate of any Christian denomination , and are more likely to get a divorce than atheists and agnostics , according to a national survey .
The survey conducted by Barna Research Group in Ventura , Calif. , found that 29 percent of all adult Baptists have been through a divorce .
Among Christian groups , only those who attend non-denominational Protestant churches were more likely to be divorced , with a 34 percent divorce rate .
Alabama , with a population of 4.3 million , has more than one million Southern Baptists and a majority of evangelical Protestants .
The state ranks fourth nationally in divorce rates , behind Nevada , Tennessee and Arkansas , according to U.S. government statistics .
Barna Research Group interviewed 3,854 adults from the 48 continental states , with a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percent .
The survey found that while just 11 percent of the adult population is currently divorced , 25 percent of all adults have experienced at least one divorce , the survey showed .
Twenty seven percent of those describing themselves as born - again Christians are currently or have previously been divorced , compared to 24 percent among other adults .
" While it may be alarming to discover that born - again Christians are more likely than others to experience a divorce , that pattern has been in place for quite some time , " said George Barna , president of Barna Research Group .
A Birmingham minister , the Rev. Stacy Pickering , said the numbers are skewed because Baptist churches encourage young people to get married -- sometimes before they 're ready -- before living together .
" Fewer people are getting married and the number of couples living together has increased , " said Pickering , minister of young married adults and director of counseling at Shades Mountain Baptist Church .
He said his church now requires premarital counseling for couples who want to marry at the church .
Of major Christian denominations , Catholics and Lutherans have the lowest divorce rate at 21 percent , according to Barna .
People who attend mainstream Protestant churches have an overall divorce rate of 25 percent .
The levels vary among non-Christian groups , Barna reported .
Jews have a divorce rate of 30 percent , while atheists and agnostics have a relatively low rate of 21 percent , according to the survey .
The survey found that Mormons , who emphasize strong families , are near the national average at 24 percent .
" What brings people to divorce has so many more important factors than theology , " said Bart Grooms , pastoral counselor for the Samaritan Counseling Center of Baptist Health System .
He said Christians ' expectations of marriage may be too high .
" I believe we expect more out of marriage than we used to , " he said .
" Gender roles have changed an awful lot .
A lot of women are not putting up with boorish louts like they were in the past . "
The study found that the South and Midwest had 27 - percent divorce rates , while the rates were 19 percent in the Northwest and 26 percent in the West .
Whites are more likely to have had a divorce , at 27 percent , than African - Americans ( 22 percent ) , Hispanics ( 20 percent ) and Asians ( 8 percent ) , Barna found .
George Barna noted that the large number of divorces have changed young people .
" One of the most striking findings in our recent survey among teenagers is that when we asked them to name their top goals for the future , one of the highest - rated was to get married and have the same spouse for their entire life , " he said .
Behind Republican tough talk , several party members may find themselves voting with the president on the financial reform bill .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Eight Republicans who may break ranks on bank bill
The Republican rhetoric sounded tough on financial regulatory reform early this week .
“ Shame on the president , ” said Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , who complained that President Barack Obama was derailing bipartisan negotiations on Wall Street reform for short - term political gain .
Advertisement
But behind such tough talk is a realization within Republican ranks that several of their own may find themselves voting with Obama when the final Wall Street reform deal comes together .
“ Some feel like you need to vote for it , just because it ’s a popular measure , ” said Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) .
What ’s striking about the potential GOP “ yes ” votes is how they differ from the usual suspects who were the focus of such heated speculation during the health care debate .
In addition to such perennial GOP maybes as Graham and Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine , lobbyists are also talking about Republican senators closer to the core of the party who might side with Obama , including Bob Bennett of Utah and perhaps even John McCain of Arizona .
Call them the unusual suspects .
Democrats need at least one GOP vote , and the speculation is intensifying as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) says he wants to bring the bill to the Senate floor as early as next week .
But one Republican financial lobbyist predicts a domino effect if Republicans get on board : “ If one goes , 20 will go .
It will be ‘ open the floodgates . ’ ”
Here are the eight senators Wall Street is watching most closely :
Saxby Chambliss
The Georgian is the ranking member on the Senate Agriculture Committee , where he has taken a lead role in negotiating the derivatives piece of the bill with Democratic chairwoman Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas .
Derivatives are enormously important to large agribusinesses that use them to hedge commodity price risks , but Chambliss has his nose out of joint because Lincoln introduced a liberal - friendly version of the bill without his input earlier this week .
Still , if the bill can somehow be dragged back toward him , Chambliss may want to be part of the deal .
“ We would like to get a bipartisan bill , ” he said .
“ We would all like to eliminate this too - big - to - fail issue .
That ’s not an issue that ’s going to have any disagreement between Democrats and Republicans .
How we get there is where the disagreements will be . ”
Can you say “ Dodd - Chambliss ? ”
Scott Brown
He was mad at the president at the beginning of the week .
But some on Wall Street are convinced that by the end of the debate he ’ll be with Obama for the final vote .
That ’s because he ’s a Massachusetts Republican , after all , despite his tea party cred and high - profile campaign against Obama ’s health care bill .
Republicans are a rare enough breed in New England , and they generally do n’t survive long if they do n’t hew close to the political center .
“ The bottom line is , where there are problems [ on Wall Street ] , we should fix them , ” Brown said .
And he added that he will take a hard look at the proposals , on which he is just getting up to speed .
“ I ’m not going to vote on anything or make any statements until I read the bills , ” he said .
Bob Corker
The first - term senator from Tennessee shocked his GOP colleagues by stepping up to take over the role of lead Republican negotiator on regulatory reform when negotiations between Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd and ranking Republican Richard Shelby broke down .
That ’s a no - no in the seniority - obsessed Senate , but Corker made himself into an integral deal maker on the bill .
Now that Shelby ’s back at the table , Corker may relish a chance to be the closer .
Lobbyists wonder whether he wants the bill to be named “ Dodd - Corker , ” to secure a place in financial history .
“ I think we all want to see financial regulation take place ; I really do , ” said Corker .
And of the areas in dispute , he said , “ These things are very solvable .
It just takes a little grind - it - out work . ”
Corker also has made it clear that he thinks the Republicans would be making a political mistake to stand against the bill .
“ I will be stunned if we do not reach a bipartisan agreement .
...
Unfortunately , the winds are blowing — there ’s lots of things happening here that do n’t aid that effort , but at the end of the day , I think we ’re going to have a solid bipartisan effort , ” he told ABC ’s “ Good Morning America ” on Thursday .
John McCain
Many lobbyists say they are watching Obama ’s former presidential rival — perhaps the most unusual of the unusual suspects — because he ’s engaged in a heated Arizona Republican primary with former Rep. J. D. Hayworth .
Financial observers have concluded that McCain ’s vote will depend entirely on his analysis of how it plays among Arizona primary voters .
“ If McCain decides that doing this will help him beat J.D. Hayworth , he ’ll do it , ” says one .
McCain formed an unlikely alliance with Sen. Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) to propose reinstating the Depression - era Glass - Steagall Act , which separated commercial banking from investment banking .
That law was repealed in the late 1990s , and many critics say it allowed for the growth of mammoth and risky investment banks .
Fully reinstating the law would be further than the Obama administration has proposed .
But for now , Wall Street can breathe easy .
Asked if he or other Republicans might vote for the bill , McCain offered a terse “ no ” and stepped quickly into an elevator .
Bob Bennett
The Utah Republican is another old - line senator facing a tough primary fight back home , which means many put him in the same category as McCain — a possible yes , but only if it plays well on the ground in Utah .
Bennett seemed more open to the idea than McCain , telling POLITICO simply , “ I think it ’s far too early to engage in that sort of speculation . ”
Kit Bond
He ’s retiring this year , which gives the Missouri senator a lot of freedom — and puts him squarely in the cross hairs of the administration , which is targeting GOP retirees for special wooing .
But asked if he would support the bill , Bond said he ’d vote for it “ when there ’s a decent bill . ”
But , he said , “ there ’s so many problems with this bill now . ”
He would not elaborate .
Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins
Both Maine senators are moderates and squarely in the usual - suspects camp , because each was earlier seen as a potential defector on health care .
“ I ’m looking at everything , ” Snowe said .
“ I have not made any decisions . ”
For her part , Collins said , “ We need to prevent large financial firms from holding taxpayers hostage .
I ’m still looking at issues . ”
Collins said she ’s got a host of concerns , including the bill approach on too big to fail , the authority of a proposed council of financial regulators , gaps in regulatory authority and derivatives .
The Amazing Health Benefits
of Drinking Lemon Water Popular water - related products designed to enhance the use of Lemon Water Water Vortex Magnetizer
Make your own energized water by spinning it through a concentrated , magnetized vortex ; just attach between two water bottles of equal size
$ 36
more info Water Resonator
Siberian blue crystals , enhanced with pure copper windings and gold - plated neodymium magnets , designed and made by Tibetan Buddhist Monks
$ 495
more info Water Imprinting Plate
Energize your water using Golden Ratio & Fibonacci geometry enhanced with gold spiral tracings & gold - plated neodymium magnet
$ 49
more info Water Imprinting Plate & Stirwand Set
All 8 Stirwands hydrate and oxygenate .
Plus , each Stirwand is a different color and has an additional very special purpose : Increase blood oxygen ( Blue Violet ) , Oxygenate bath water ( Purple ) , Increase strength ( Orange ) , Enhance food and beverage flavors ( Clear ) , Optimize athletic performance ( Turquoise ) , Open heart chakra ( Rose ) , Grow healthier house plants and garden produce ( Amber ) , and Enhance mental clarity ( Yellow )
$ 549.95
more info Water Stirwand
Use the Stirwand for great tasting , super - hydrating , energized water for you and your family .
Great to use for your pet 's water , water for livestock , and other farm , ranch , and agricultural applications
$ 79.95
more info The Amazing Health Benefits
of Drinking Lemon Water
by Ann Heustad , R.N.
After visiting some friends recently who drank copious amounts of water spiked with fresh organic limes and lemons from trees in their yard and freely offered this delicious concoction to all their guests , the following article reminded me of the value of our mutual dedication to planetary health and wellness through simple healthful remedies .
There are basic lifestyle habits that are important to incorporate into your daily life , and this is certainly one of them .
However , we are talking about organic lemons that are tree ripened .
If you are buying commercial lemons from the store , learn kinesiology and muscle test the lemons you buy so that you know one way or another whether the lemons you are purchasing are actually therapeutic for you .
“ When life gives you a lemon ... squeeze it , mix it with six ounces of distilled water and drink twice daily . ”
The value of eating lemons is reported by Jethro Kloss in his book Back to Eden : “ The medicinal value of the lemon is as follows :
It is an antiseptic , or is an agent that prevents sepsis [ the presence of pathogenic bacteria ] or putrefaction [ decomposition of tissue ] .
It is also anti-scorbutic , a term meaning a remedy which will prevent disease and assist in cleansing the system of impurities . ”
Due to the digestive qualities of lemon juice , symptoms of indigestion such as heartburn , bloating and belching are relieved .
By drinking lemon juice regularly , the bowels are aided in eliminating waste more efficiently thus controlling constipation and diarrhea .
On page 659 of Back to Eden , Mr. Kloss points out that , “ The lemon is a wonderful stimulant to the liver and is a dissolvent of uric acid and other poisons , liquefies the bile , and is very good in cases of malaria .
Sufferers of chronic rheumatism and gout will benefit by taking lemon juice , also those who have a tendency to bleed , uterine hemorrhages , etc. ; rickets and tuberculosis .
In pregnancy , it will help to build bone in the child .
We find that the lemon contains certain elements which will go to build up a healthy system and keep that system healthy and well .
As a food , we find , owing to its potassium content , it will nourish the brain and nerve cells .
Its calcium builds up the bony structure and makes healthy teeth .
“ Its magnesium , in conjunction with calcium , has an important part to play in the formation of albumen in the blood .
The lemon contains potassium 48.3 , calcium 29.9 , phosphorus 11.1 , magnesium 4.4 .
Lemons are useful in treating asthma , biliousness , colds , coughs , sore throat , diphtheria , la grippe [ flu or influenza ] , heartburn , liver complaint[s ] , scurvy , fevers and rheumatism . ”
Since many people today suffer from what they used to call biliousness , it is important to edify our readers to the definition .
Biliousness -- 1 . A symptom of a disorder of the liver causing constipation , headache , loss of appetite and vomiting of bile .
2 . excess of bile ; a bilious fever .
Why the lemon works so well On page 19 of A.F. Beddoe 's book “ Biological Ionization in Human Nutrition , ” he states that : “ Man does not live off the food he eats but off of the energy that is produced from the food he eats . ”
The energy you get from your food comes from the atoms and molecules of energy in your food .
A reaction takes place as cationic food enters the digestive tract and encounters anionic digestive enzymes .
To explain further , an ion is part of a molecule con-atom or a group of atoms that carry an electrical charge .
Ions which carry positive charges are “ cations . ”
Lemons are considered to be anionic , having more electrons ( negatively charged ions ) of energy as compared to cations ( positively charged ions ) in their atomic structure .
Saliva , hydrochloric acid , bile and the stomach 's other digestive juices are also anionic .
Lemon is one of the only foods on the planet that has more anions than cations in its atomic structure .
When considering the electromagnetic properties of food Dr. Beddoe points out that all foods are considered cationic with the exception of fresh , raw lemon juice .
Some have suggested that the reason fresh lemon juice is similar to digestive enzymes is due to the low amount of sulfur in lemons .
It should be noted that pasteurized and packaged lemon juice is cationic and , therefore , ineffective as a health remedy .
Who Can Benefit From Lemon Water Dr. Beddoe continues on page 194 : “ Lemon water is used in every person that can tolerate it .
That is , if there is no allergy to lemon ( a very few have a true allergy to lemon ) and no active ulcers , then all adults and most children should use the lemon water .
The purpose of the lemon is to : provide a natural strengthening agent to the liver enzymes when they are too dilute .
The liver can make more enzymes out of fresh lemon juice than any other food element .
The lemon helps fix oxygen and calciums in the liver because it regulates blood carbohydrate levels which affect the blood oxygen levels . ”
In the above book , Dr. Beddoe also cites an article by Dr. Michael Lesser on the medical promise of citric acid in “ Anabolism , Journal of Preventive Medicine . ”
He uses this article to validate the value of using fresh lemon juice daily : “ It appears that citric acid , the major carrier of biochemicals in the body 's energy system , shows important promise , primarily because of its excellent properties as a chelator .
Its ability to form soluble complexes with calcium offers major promise in the successful treatment of pancreatic stones and has also been employed to dissolve kidney stones .
Since calcium deposits are of major significance in the much greater problem of hardening of the arteries , citric acid may possibly contribute to a safe and effective reversal of this widespread degenerative disease . ”
Even though medical doctors are not currently employing lemon juice in the treatment of the above conditions , this article substantiates the fact that one of the benefits of fresh lemon water is the way the citric acid is able to act upon the body 's systems differently than any other food .
Lemon Remedies Published by Jethro Kloss in Back to Eden
For sore throat , dilute lemon juice with water and gargle frequently .
Dilute one - half lemon juice with one - half water .
It is even better to use straight lemon juice .
A slice of lemon bound over a corn overnight will greatly relieve the pain .
A slice of lemon bound over a felon [ pus formation on a finger joint ] will not fail to bring the pus to the surface where it can be easily removed .
To relieve asthma , take a tablespoon of lemon juice one hour before each meal .
For liver complaints , the juice of the lemon should be taken in a glass of hot water one hour before breakfast every morning .
To break up la grippe [ flu or influenza ] , drink a large glass of hot water with the juice of a lemon added , while at the same time have the feet in a deep bucket or other vessel of water with mustard added to it .
The water should be deep enough to where it comes nearly up to the knees .
Keep adding hot water to the patient 's tolerance and until the patient begins to perspire freely ( about 20 - 30 minutes ) .
Be sure there is no draft on the person while this is done .
The patient should be near a bed so he can get in it easily and avoid any danger of getting chilled .
If convenient , a full hot bathtub would be good in place of the foot - bath .
The lemon water should be taken every hour until the patient feels that all the symptoms of the cold are gone .
A teaspoon of lemon juice in half a glass of water relieves heartburn .
For rheumatism , one or two ounces of lemon juice diluted in water should be taken three times a day : one hour before meals and at bedtime .
In cases of hemorrhage , lemon juice diluted in water and taken as cold as possible will stop it .
Scurvy is treated by giving one to two ounces of lemon juice diluted with water every two to four hours .
In excessive menstruation the juice of three to four lemons a day will help check it .
Best to take the juice of one lemon at a time in a glass of cold water .
Mr. Kloss explains how lemon juice can even help someone with stomach ulcers : “ How can one with an inflamed or ulcerated stomach partake in the juice ?
Would not a strong acid like that of the lemon act as an irritant ?
That would depend on how it was taken .
If in quantity , yes .
But to take it very weak at first [ diluted sufficiently in water ] , it will cease to burn .
The sufferer afflicted with ulcerated stomach has to use great perseverance to affect a cure , and it can be cured if care and patience is used .
The gastric juice in the stomach is four times as strong as lemon juice . ”
In these cases , I recommend one to two tablespoons of Aloe Vera Gel before the lemon water .
Taking 500 mg. of Bromelin has also proven to be helpful .
Buying a sweet lemon
Some lemons are more sweet than others .
A rule of thumb for selecting a lemon that is both sweet and high in mineral content , is to pick one that has a high specific gravity measurement and is heavy for its size .
By comparing equal - sized fruit , the one with the greatest weight will have the most mineral content and sugar .
A thick skinned lemon will not be as heavy as a thin skinned lemon and will not have the desired sweetness or mineral content .
The method I use to ensure the purchase of sweet lemons is to look at the stem end of the lemon .
There are two ends on the lemon .
One end has a point where the blossom started to grow ; the other end has a stem or a dimple where the stem used to be located .
On the stem end of a highly mineralized , sweet lemon , you will see little lines radiating out of the stem like sunbeams .
These little lines can look like a star shaped structure and is called a calyx .
The calyx may have three , four , five or more points to the star .
The greater the number of points on the calyx , the higher the mineral content of the lemon .
How much lemon to use
If you are in good health and weigh less than 150 pounds , squeeze the juice of one half a lemon ( one ounce ) into a glass of purified water and drink this mixture twice a day ( one whole lemon a day . )
If you weigh over 150 pounds , squeeze the juice out of an entire lemon ( two ounces ) into a glass of purified water and drink this mixture twice a day ( two whole lemons a day . )
The lemon juice can be diluted more according to taste .
To help your body get the energy from the food you are eating , drink lemon water regularly .
Next to drinking plain purified water , drinking lemon water daily is the most important thing you can do for your health .
Update : Here ’s a link to some sample code for Python using PyLucene .
Thanks , Joseph !
While playing around with Lucene in my experiments to make it work with Google App Engine , I found an excellent example for indexing some text using Lucene in - memory ; unfortunately , it dates back to May 2004 ( !!! ) .
I ’ve updated the example to work with the newest version of Lucene , 3.0.1 .
It ’s below for reference .
The Pastie link for the code snippet can be found here .
import org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer ; import org.apache.lucene.document .Document ; import org.apache.lucene.document .
Field ; import org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter ; import org.apache.lucene.queryParser.ParseException ; import org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser ; import org.apache.lucene.search .* ; import org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory ; import org.apache.lucene.util.Version ; import java.io.IOException ; public class LuceneTest{ public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { //
Construct a RAMDirectory to hold the in -memory representation // of the index .
RAMDirectory idx = new RAMDirectory ( ) ; try { //
Make an writer to create the index IndexWriter writer = new IndexWriter ( idx , new StandardAnalyzer ( Version .LUCENE_30 ) , IndexWriter.MaxFieldLength.LIMITED ) ; // Add some Document objects containing quotes writer.addDocument( createDocument ( " Theodore Roosevelt " , " It behooves every man to remember that the work of the " + " critic , is of altogether secondary importance , and that , " + " in the end , progress is accomplished by the man who does " + " things . " ) ) ; writer.addDocument(createDocument(" Friedrich Hayek " , " The case for individual freedom rests largely on the " + " recognition of the inevitable and universal ignorance " + " of all of us concerning a great many of the factors on " + " which the achievements of our ends and welfare depend . " ) ) ; writer.addDocument(createDocument( " Ayn Rand " , " There is nothing to take a man 's freedom away from " + " him , save other men .
To be free , a man must be free " + " of his brothers . " ) ) ; writer.addDocument(createDocument( " Mohandas Gandhi " , " Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote " + " freedom to err . " ) ) ; //
Optimize and close the writer to finish building the index writer.optimize ( ) ; writer.close ( ) ; // Build an IndexSearcher using the in - memory index Searcher searcher = new IndexSearcher ( idx ) ; // Run some queries search ( searcher , " freedom " ) ; search ( searcher , " free " ) ; search ( searcher , " progress or achievements " ) ; searcher.close ( ) ; } catch ( IOException ioe ) { //
In this example we are n't really doing an I/O , so this // exception should never actually be thrown . ioe.printStackTrace ( ) ; } catch ( ParseException pe ) { pe.printStackTrace ( ) ; } } /** * Make a Document object with an un-indexed title field and an * indexed content field .
*/ private static Document createDocument ( String title , String content ) { Document doc = new Document ( ) ; //
Add the title as an unindexed field ... doc.add ( new Field ( " title " , title , Field .
Store.YES , Field.Index.NO ) ) ; // ... and the content as an indexed field .
Note that indexed //
Text fields are constructed using a Reader .
Lucene can read // and index very large chunks of text , without storing the // entire content verbatim in the index .
In this example we // can just wrap the content string in a StringReader .
doc.add ( new Field ( " content " , content , Field. Store.YES , Field.Index.ANALYZED ) ) ; return doc ; } /** * Searches for the given string in the " content " field */ private static void search ( Searcher searcher , String queryString ) throws ParseException , IOException { // Build a Query object QueryParser parser = new QueryParser ( Version .
LUCENE_30 , " content " , new StandardAnalyzer ( Version.LUCENE_30 ) ) ; Query query = parser.parse ( queryString ) ; int hitsPerPage = 10 ; // Search for the query TopScoreDocCollector collector = TopScoreDocCollector.create ( 5 * hitsPerPage , false ) ; searcher .
search ( query , collector ) ; ScoreDoc [ ] hits = collector.topDocs().scoreDocs ; int hitCount = collector.getTotalHits ( ) ; System.out.println( hitCount + " total matching documents " ) ; //
Examine the Hits object to see if there were any matches if ( hitCount == 0 ) { System.out.println (
" No matches were found for \ " " + query String + " \ " " ) ; } else { System.out.println
( " Hits for \ " " + queryString + " \ " were found in quotes by : " ) ; // Iterate over the Documents in the Hits object for ( int i = 0 ; i < hitCount ; i++) { ScoreDoc scoreDoc = hits [i ] ; int docId = scoreDoc.doc ; float docScore = scoreDoc.score ; System.out.println(" docId : " + docId + " \t " + " docScore : " + docScore ) ; Document doc = searcher.doc( docId ) ; //
Print the value that we stored in the " title " field .
Note // that this Field was not indexed , but ( unlike the // " contents " field ) was stored verbatim and can be // retrieved .
System.out.println ( " " + ( i + 1 ) + " . " + doc.get ( " title " ) ) ; System.out.println ( " Content : " + doc.get ( " content " ) ) ; } } System.out.println ( ) ; } }
In progress : still trying to figure out how to get some version of Lucene working on App Engine for Java .
My thoughts :
Use an In Memory index
Serialize to Memcache or the Datastore ( not even sure how to do this right now )
Granted , there are limitations to this : if an App Engine application exceeds some memory limit , a SoftMemory Exceeded exception will be thrown .
Also – I ’m doubtful of the ability to update indexes incrementally in the datastore : not to mention , there ’s a 1 mb limit on datastore entries .
The Blobstore , accessed programmatically , may not have the latency required .
Still – it ’s an interesting thought experiment , and there ’s probably some compromise we can find with a future feature of App Engine that ’ll allow us to make Lucene actually usable .
We just have to think of it .
Stay tuned .
I ’ll write another post if I can get even a proof - of - concept to work .
But then , so is monogamy .
So are relationships , in general .
It is not the underlying structure of the relationship that makes it easier or harder , although admittedly poly and open relationships can be more complex , simply by virtue of having more relationships to manage .
The difficulties one faces in managing healthy interpersonal relationships , and the skills one employs in overcoming those difficulties , are the same whether you are monogamous or poly or something in between .
In a recent chat , a friend told me that she had been catching up on my latest blogs .
She was concerned about my recent emotional upheaval , and worried that I was unhappy in my relationships , that perhaps my dis-ease with W ’s recent play date was an indication that I truly do n’t want to be poly or in an open relationship in the way that I am .
“ Maybe , ” she said , “ you actually want a closed triad with your partners . ”
The fact of the matter is that , during all this , W posited the same thing .
Was the root of all this that I truly wanted a closed relationship with he and Ad ?
There ’s a knee - jerk part of me that does n’t like that question , that immediately and instinctively denies the possibility .
But the other part of me , the one that makes me stop and pay attention , to think about these kinds of questions , even if I do n’t like them , forced me to do so .
Even while everything in me was saying , “ No ! ” and listing all the reasons why that is absurd , I had to let myself toss the question around and give it room to breathe .
If I did n’t , then I would be just as bad as people that simply accept the one - man / one - woman paradigm without ever questioning if it ’s right for themselves .
It is only through thinking about , questioning it , that I can know if it truly is right for me .
But the conclusion that I came to is that nothing could be farther from the truth .
Having difficulties dealing with my own insecurities and issues has absolutely nothing to do with wanting to change the structure of our relationship .
It could mean that –oftentimes people realize , as did my reader in the last Question Time , that their discomfort is an indication of needing to change something within the relationship .
That is true in monogamous and poly relationships .
But far less often do you hear a monogamous person struggling with some personal peccadillo say that it is the monogamous relationship dynamic that must change , that must be at fault .
When you ’re non-monogamous , it ’s just so easy ( especially for outsiders ) to blame the dynamic and decide that is what must be changed , rather than addressing the underlying issue in oneself .
Jealousy and insecurity are not poly - specific issues .
Being monogamous would not necessarily mean that I would feel any more secure in myself .
In fact , I would contend that being monogamous might even hinder the personal growth that I have experienced since I have embraced this lifestyle .
It is only through forcing myself to acknowledge and examine my own failings in this regard that I have had the opportunity to address them .
It is only through the love and support of my Others that I have found the strength to admit my weaknesses , and to strip my insecurities of their power over me ( okay , I have n’t completely overcome them , but it ’s a much closer thing than it was . )
I am a better person because I have been forced to face these things about myself and work to overcome them .
And I could n’t do that from within the “ safety ” of a monogamous relationship .
For me , emotional growth requires emotional risk .
Does it hurt sometimes ?
Hell , yes .
Is it hard at times ?
Yep , it sure is .
But would I want to change a thing ?
Not on your life .
I want to love with an open heart .
I want to give to them all that they have given to me .
I want to honor where I am on this journey and where they are , even when it stings like fuck .
Even in the midst of the darkest part of my turmoil last week , I never once wished that the girl W played with would not call him , would cancel .
( Oh all right , maybe once , in a fit of self - pity , I may have said it . )
But I never , truly , wanted her not to want to play with him .
In fact I bent every psychic energy I had to willing her to call .
Because I knew the pleasure he would get from it , and I want that for him more than anything .
Even more than my own in - the - moment happiness .
Because in the end , while I may be unhappy with myself at times , I have never been happier or more fulfilled , felt more loved , cherished and supported in any other relationship in my life than I do in this one .
Not once in all the crap that I was feeling last week did I want to alter the rules , boundaries or structure of our relationship .
All I wanted to change how I felt , how I reacted .
All I wanted was to be a better me , so that I could live up to this wonderful relationship that I have .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Okey - doke .
I wish to call your attention to my final comment on the supposed iPhone 4G that someone found in a bar in the San Francisco Bay area :
“ Who the hell knows ?
Maybe this really is the next iPhone . ”
There have been three developments since I posted that piece late Saturday night :
1 ) Engadget triumphantly pointed to a blurry partial shape located way off in the corner of a blurry photo of a prototype iPad they published well before the latter ’s release .
They offered it as conclusive proof that their supposed iPhone 4G was the real deal , and not an Asian knockoff .
I think the only thing it proves is that Engadget was starting to feel the heat and were very , very ( VERY ) hopeful that they had n’t just embarrassed themselves .
2 ) Over on Daring Fireball , John Gruber threw his cautious support behind this prototype , saying that he made a few phone calls and implying that he was able to get information that something like this phone had recently gone rogue in some way or the other .
And this got my full attention .
I do n’t know Gruber to be desperate for pageviews , nor in my experience has he been the type to be so eager to be “ the guy ” with a certain story that he would n’t perform necessary diligence .
Also — and this bit will become key in a moment — he acknowledges fuzzy areas in the story and tries to fill those gaps by explaining his reasoning , and provided at least a little bit of background on how he reached those conclusions .
So this Daring Fireball post carried a lot of weight with me .
Finally ,
3 ) Today , Gizmodo posted a hands - on feature article about this same iPhone 4G .
They claim to have had it for a full week .
They were n’t able to boot it past the familiar “ Connect to iTunes ” screen ( which is what you ’d see if you ’d found an iPhone that had been remote - wiped ) .
They claim that this screen , at least , shows a super - higher - res display .
The list of specifications ( front - facing camera and better display ) is in line with what we ’d expect from a new iPhone .
Then they took it apart , and confirmed that it ’s filled with Apple components .
Okey - doke .
Given that they did n’t say “ It has the same guts as an iPhone 3GS , ” we have to conclude that this is indeed a rogue Apple iPhone prototype .
Interesting .
On a number of levels .
Well , you now know about as much about this device as I do .
The only thing I can add to the discussion is the complicated topic of “ What are a journalist ’s responsibilities with a story like this ? ”
I did n’t even really bother to look into Engadget ’s story .
I spent all day Sunday at the MIT Flea Market and frankly , I had better things to do than fire off emails and make a bunch of late - night phone calls to check into a story that looked like every other vague “ ZOMG !!!!
TOP - SECRET HARDWARE PROTOTYPE !!!!!!! ” piece I ’ve ever seen .
Instead , I wrote about what I thought about the story … chiefly because the phone looked like a knockoff and the story gave me the chance to get out my own counterfeit iPhone and talk about that subject for a bit .
My final opinion was incorrect but my thinking was spot-on .
There ’s a difference between a counterfeit ( like my fake iPhone 3G ) and a mere knockoff .
A knockoff is n’t sold with the intent that it ’ll survive side - by - side scrutiny .
It ’s there to fulfill someone ’s desire to have something like the real thing .
It ’s aimed at the classic globalization fanboy : it ’s not the features that they want …it ’s the logo .
And this Apple prototype does indeed look like a knockoff .
Remember what I said about the “ design brief ” of a knockoff ?
Every design choice is the answer to the question “ How can we redesign this to make it way , way less expensive to manufacture ? ”
This prototype is full of flat surfaces — easy as pie to fabricate — and studded with round switches that can be installed without any custom tooling .
The innards of this prototype appear to be genuine , based on Gizmodo ’s dissection .
But I still have some doubts about the case .
This could be just a “ carrying around ” design , built to give the innards shape and form for human testing .
It ’s possible that Apple never had any intention of using it as the design of the actual consumer product .
“ We just need to slap this in an iPhone - like case so that we can test the electronics ” is another reason to choose an “ easy and cheap to build ” design .
( Admittedly , “ What changes can we make to increase Apple ’s profits ? ” is another reason for “ easy and cheap to build . ” )
So what would I have done if this device had fallen into my hands and I were convinced it was genuine ?
Honestly , I have no idea .
I have obligations to my readers .
I also have obligations to the concept of fair play .
I think the driving element for my decision would have been the fact that I ’ve never really been interested in breaking a news story .
The payoff for the reader is minimal with a story like this .
Despite getting their hands on the phone months ahead of schedule , Gizmodo ’s story is merely “ Apple ’s new phone will have a radical redesign and its big features are a front - facing camera and a vastly - improved screen .
Which we all pretty much knew anyway .
But how well does all of this work ?
What are the tradeoffs of these new features ?
Is it worth the money for the upgrade ?
Does it change the nature of the device ?
Et cetera .
That ’s what drives me .
“ Get there first ” sites like Gizmodo and Engadget are doing important work , too ; I ’m not denigrating what they do .
It just happens to be work that does n’t particularly interest me .
Plus , I ’d be gravely concerned about how I ’d come into possession of this phone .
Gizmodo ’s story is very , very fishy and they need to be far more open about the provenance of the device .
Right now , they ’re sticking to the story that
Step One :
This phone was lost in a Redwood City bar ;
Step Two : ( nervous cough ) ;
Step Three :
They got it last week .
They need to fill us in about Step Two .
A reader is n’t going to assume that it turned up in the mail one day in a padded mailer with no return address accompanied by an unsigned note reading “ Big fan of the site , thought you ’d be interested in this ” printed in Comic Sans .
Did Gizmodo pay somebody for this phone ?
Was this phone actually found in a bar ?
Or was it stolen from the Apple campus ?
The second - most - serious question : did somebody steal it from the Apple campus with the intent of selling it to a news site ?
The single most serious question : was Gizmodo in any way responsible for the theft of an Apple prototype ?
These are all reasonable questions .
Gizmodo really needs to address them .
What about Engadget ’s piece on Saturday ?
I dunno .
It does n’t seem unlikely that they got wind of Gizmodo ’s Monday feature story and decided to translate the thin information they had into pageviews while their photos still had some commercial value .
The fact that they had clean , clear photos also invites me to wonder if the — let ’s call him “ The Lucky Bar Patron Who Found The Phone ” — set up a little bidding war , and the photos were merely the overture to a financial battle that Engadget ultimately lost . )
I ’m a little bit immune from this sort of stuff .
Like I said , I ’m not in the Shocking Breaking News business .
In the end , I try to do what ’s best for my readers .
I once asked a VP an innocent series of questions that gave me a suspicion ; a single leading follow - up question inspired him to blab that his software company was about to be bought by a Well - Known Industry Titan .
Have you seen a face literally go ashen before ?
We were on the record and we both knew instantly that he ’d just ****ed himself and his company .
But it was n’t information that was going to be useful to my readers .
Moreover , the collateral damage to this man and his company would have been major , and I have a conscience .
So I reproached him a little and told him that I was retroactively taking that statement off the record .
Which is technically not something journalists are supposed to do , but what the hell .
( This is why there ’s often a third party in the room at all times during a briefing or a Q&A .
Smart agents can flash a warning to the client before they say something they should n’t … and if it gets out anyway , they can start doing damage control immediately . )
Beyond the idea of not wanting to harm people needlessly , there ’s also the ever - present worry that I ’ve just become a pawn in a complicated game of internal company politics .
Oh , yes , I have stories about that as well .
During Apple ’s dark ages before Steve Jobs ’ return , infighting and backstabbing inside Apple had reached telenovela levels .
I frequently received anonymous leaks about how a certain Apple product was way behind schedule , or how a much - touted software strategy was losing currency inside the company and was probably going to be abandoned .
I ’d investigate this tip independently and would sometimes discover that the source of the leak was an Apple manager who wanted another manager out of their way , or who wanted to absorb that other project ’s budget and personnel .
And then there are the leaks that are so flashy that I immediately suspect a Canary Trap .
If you suspect that one of your employees is a blabbermouth , you hand him exclusive and eye - catching disinformation and swear him to secrecy .
You fire him the moment you Google for “ Dell is getting into the cybernetic laser attack duck business ” and get more than zero hits .
Canary Traps are easier to spot , though : they fall apart as soon as you perform a little diligent legwork to confirm the details on your own .
Let ’s get back to my original question : what would I have done ?
We ’ll never know for sure .
But I suspect that I would have thought very hard and then gone with my first impulse : return the phone to Apple .
If it ’s been stolen , then Apple is the victim of a crime and the ethical answer is to side with the victim .
( Given that this is a new smartphone and not a mechanism for electrocuting any iPhone user who attempts to jailbreak their device . )
If I was told that this phone had been found in a bar … I would have assumed that it had been stolen from Apple .
Same result .
And if the “ finder ” wanted some sort of fee for this device , then I would have brought law enforcement into the discussion .
That kind of situation is so shady that no journalist with an ounce of sense would come anywhere near it .
Even if you could get past the professional ethical dilemma and your ethical dilemma as a human being … look , smart people are n’t confused about how to react when someone tries to hand them a knife wrapped in a torn and bloody UPS uniform and asks them to hide it for a couple of weeks .
I do n’t mind these problems that you have to discuss with your editor .
But I try to avoid the sort of problems that result in a conversation with a criminal defense attorney .
So .
I say once again that Gizmodo has a lot of explaining to do .
Even if they ’re completely innocent of any wrongdoing , they need to resolve this part of the story .
PLEASE LOG-IN
Welcome to the largest KLR650 resource in the world
KLR650.NET IS A SUBSCRIPTION - BASED WEBSITE CONTAINING PREMIUM INFORMATION .
With more than 1.4 Million postings to read , we 've got you covered with the best information available anywhere .
Sign up .
The website requires a valid log - in and subscription .
Your e-mail address MUST be valid .
Already a member ?
Log - in here .
For as long as anyone can remember Microsoft has been seen as the primary enemy of free and open source software ( FOSS ) .
Free software advocates over the years have held Microsoft up as the pre-eminent example of how software should not be produced and distributed ; an example of how they did not want it to be .
It was n’t without good reason that Microsoft was seen as enemy number 1 .
The company has done everything in its power over the years to undermine Linux and free software .
CEO Steve Ballmer has even gone so far as to label free software anti-American and he never misses an opportunity to take a swipe at Linux .
Most recently Microsoft has been attacking free software through patent threats and legal means .
Its deal with Novell was based on allegations that Linux allegedly infringed on hundred of its patents , and more recently the company has sued TomTom for using Linux in its GPS devices .
The list of attacks against FOSS is long and makes a compelling case that Microsoft is in fact the primary opponent of free and open source software .
Change
The times are changing , however , and Microsoft is neither the primary nor the only enemy of free software .
The new number one enemy could well be Apple .
While Microsoft has been gradually shifting its position on free software towards a more tolerant one – even going so far as to releasing some software as open source – Apple has been closing ever more doors in the face of freedom .
This is not to say that Microsoft is the new best friend of free software – there ’s still a lot of double - talk going on – but Apple is an even bigger threat .
Not only to free software but to many other freedoms : the freedom to use the platform you want , the freedom to use the applications you want , the freedom to listen to the music you want to .
We are quickly moving into a new world of distribution .
A world in which vendors such as Apple and Amazon with its Kindle control not just the platform but also the applications , books and multimedia that run on it .
It ’s potentially far more proprietary than anything Microsoft ever came up with and already Apple is showing us how badly this could end .
Apple , for example , has already decided not to include support for Adobe ’s Flash on its iPhones and iPad devices .
Adobe is not the best example of a free software company itself but even if it wanted to give you Flash software for your iPad , for free , it can ’t .
Similarly , Opera created a version of its browser for the iPhone but it was only after a prolonged campaign by Opera fans that Apple allowed the software into its applications market .
The problem here is that in this new software model it is not good enough for a software developer to want to develop an application for an iPhone .
They also need to get approval from Apple before their application is available to users .
The same is true of Apple ’s control over multimedia such as songs and video .
Because they control the platform Apple controls the content .
It ’s what XML co-founder and now Android developer , Tim Bray , calls “ Disney - fied walled garden “ .
It is , in simple terms , a stifling of innovation .
Developers locked - in
It ’s not just the distribution of applications that Apple controls so tightly .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation recently managed to get hold of a copy of the agreement that iPhone developers have to sign with Apple .
The contract is filled with limitations including those that bar developers from distributing software created with the iPhone software development kit ( SDK ) via any avenue other than the App Store .
The terms of the agreement also ban developers from “ jailbreaking ” an iPhone or helping others do so and gives Apple the right to pull any application from the App Store at any time .
There is also a clause in the contract that bans reverse engineering any of Apple ’s iPhone OS or SDK .
This is something that directly affects open source software .
Because Apple does n’t actually provide software to manage its iPhones and iPods on the Linux platform , community developers have been doing exactly this : reverse engineering the iPod and iPhone OSes to make compatible applications for Linux .
Without these the devices would be unusable on anything other than Apple - approved platforms .
Of course users could simply stop using Apple ’s products and developers could stop developing for the iPhone and iPad .
That would send a strong message .
The problem is that Apple is just one of many companies heading down the road in which they control the platform and in doing so they are curtailing freedom .
There was a time when Microsoft was seen as the enemy of software freedom and Apple , by virtue of being seen as the “ underdog ” , was given far more leniency .
Things need to change and Apple needs to be seen for what it really is : a threat to innovation and freedom .
Apple and open source << comments and views
Related links
Apple ’s next iPhone
Apple ’s iPad dissected
Bill Would Extend DMCA - Style Takedowns To ' Personal Info '
from the this - won't - end - well dept
As used in this Act , the term ' personal information ' means any information about an individual that includes , at minimum , the individual 's name together with either a telephone number of such individual or an address of such individual .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
There are certainly concerns from many people about the fact that it 's difficult to get certain information to go away online .
Hell , there 's an entire industry built around the idea of trying to either remove or hide any " bad info " about you online .
However , it looks like there 's a new bill in Congress that would be a disaster for free speech and would have incredible unintended consequences .
It 's an attempt to extend DMCA - style takedowns for any " personal info " posted online .
This comes just as more people are recognizing that such takedowns have a high likelihood of being unconstitutional .
In this case , the so - called " Cyber Privacy Act " would require any website that allows open posting of content to provide " a means for individuals whose personal information it contains to request the removal of such information " and would then be required to " promptly remove the personal information of any individual who requests its removal .
" Notice that there is no other option .
You can't respond as to why that content is reasonable and should be left available .
You can't defend basic freedom of speech .
In fact , this is even worse than a DMCA - style notice - and - takedown regime , which at least has a process of counternotices and the allowance that content can be put back up under certain conditions .
That does not exist in this case .
And what constitutes " personal information " ?
According to the bill : The bill was introduced by Michigan Rep.
Thaddeus McCotter , and it seems like one of those bills that someone rushed out after hearing some moral panic about people 's information being online .
But it looks like Rep. McCotter never bothered to think through the unintended consequences of making it easy to demand content be taken offline with no recourse .
In many cases , things like your name , address or telephone number are , in fact , public information -- and even if you don' tthat such content is out there , it does n't mean that it should be illegal .
It 's not hard to see how this would be massively abused , just like the DMCA takedown process and create a pretty big burden for all sorts of websites .
About the only " good " thing I could see if this bill passed is perhaps we'd get a precedent that could be used to invalidate the DMCA 's takedown process as unconstitutional as well .
Filed Under : cyber - privacy act , moral panic
Illiterate , Corrupt and Trigger - Happy German Trainers Describe Pitiful State of Afghan Police
A functioning police force is seen as a prerequisite for a Western withdrawal from Afghanistan .
German trainers , however , paint a disastrous picture of the quality of Afghan security forces .
Too many police , they say , can't read or write , can't shoot straight and are taking bribes .
What happens when a car stalls in traffic on a busy highway ?
Instant traffic jam , naturally , but how does the tow truck get to the car if the highway is filled with cars ?
Suppose you had a small agile vehicle like a motorcycle that could also tow the car from where it was stuck ?
Enter The Retriever .
It ’s a Honda Goldwing with a foldable towing rig that rides through traffic like a normal motorcycle , splitting lanes and weaving through the jam until it arrives at the scene .
Then it unfolds the towing rig , loads up the car and rolls away .
The Retriever ’s towing rig carries the weight of the car on three wheels so the motorcycle can still be ridden normally .
Since the motorcycle is only providing the torque necessary for towing and does n’t have to carry extra weight , the vehicle is easily moved and a six cylinder Goldwing has all of the power you need .
The Retriver can tow cars up to 5500 pounds .
The Retriever is the product of a Swedish company , Coming Through , that took something like 5 years to perfect the product .
The designer got the idea when he was stuck in a traffic jam and saw a motorcycle ride by and he wondered if a motorcycle could tow a car to relieve the congestion .
That is great thinking combined with no small amount of follow through .
I like this a lot .
You need to watch the video to see how well this really works .
There are several on the site as well as one from the Discovery Channel .
Thanks , Eric , for the pointer .
It is hard to overstate the extent to which our daily lives are subsidised by cheap , plentiful oil , writes JOHN GIBBONS
HERE ’S
A conundrum : restarting global economic growth will , by definition , push up energy costs .
Rising energy costs will in turn choke off that economic recovery , leading to a fall in energy prices .
Try to restart growth again , and the brick wall of energy costs magically reappears .
Repeat ad infinitum .
It is hard to overstate the extent to which our daily lives are subsidised by cheap , plentiful oil .
Every 24 hours , Ireland burns around 200,000 barrels .
That ’s the daily equivalent of the muscle power of 2.4 million men , each working for a full year .
Our entire way of life depends on abundant , inexpensive oil .
This era is now drawing to a close .
Five years ago , the Hirsch report published by the US department of energy concluded that the world has “ never faced a problem ” as difficult as peak oil , adding that : “ without massive mitigation more than a decade before the fact , the problem will be pervasive and will not be temporary ” .
Oil peaking will be , it warned , “ abrupt and revolutionary ” .
The advent of peak oil is , by definition , the end of decades of relentless economic growth , since this dramatic phase in human history has been entirely predicated on ready access to vast amounts of cheap energy .
A recent report from Feasta , the Irish - based Foundation for the Economics of Sustainability , gazes into the murky crystal ball of life beyond peak oil .
Their document , Tipping Point , concludes that since humanity is entirely dependent on vast and expanding energy inputs , “ there is a high probability that our integrated and globalised civilisation is on the cusp of a rapid and near - term collapse ” .
As energy flows begin to reduce , Feasta argues , this will trigger a domino effect , as one crisis reinforces another in a rapid downward spiral .
The financial crash of September 2008 ( triggered at least in part by record oil prices ) was a portent of an energy - constrained future .
While oil is the black blood of industrial civilisation , credit is its oxygen .
“ In a growing economy , debt and interest can be repaid , ” said report author , David Korowicz .
“ In a declining economy , not even the principal can be repaid . ”
The effect , he argues , is the inevitable disappearance of credit .
Once it becomes apparent that most of the world ’s debt can never be repaid , cash , bonds and shares plummet in value , and the banking system crashes .
The ensuing financial chaos triggers drastic reductions in international trade , thus deepening the depression .
A globalised economic system would be crippled by a collapse of the financial markets , since the confidence that underpins transnational trade would evaporate .
Businesses and nations will only trade with others if they have a high confidence of being paid something of value .
Where does that leave a resource - poor island like Ireland , with precious little to trade ?
Critical infrastructure , from IT and telecoms to water and sewage treatment , from electricity generation to the mainframes that power everything from globalised trading to your local ATM , are almost unknowably complex .
They depend on continual resupply of energy , specialised components and expertise .
They also rely entirely on a functioning global financial system .
The sheer complexity of these networks renders them highly vulnerable to external shocks , such as an energy or credit crisis .
Globalised economics has largely traded resilience for efficiency .
The flip side of this choice means the lack of resilience in these “ lean ” systems leaves them exposed to what are called cascading failures , as one system ’s crash triggers failure in another that depends on it , and so on .
For developed countries such as Ireland , relying on just - in - time delivery of food , digital money and complex information systems , “ starvation and social breakdown could evolve rapidly ” , Korowicz warns .
A Forfás report published in 2006 found that Ireland is a country “ among the most vulnerable to a peak oil scenario ” .
Meanwhile , a high - level group featuring Sir Richard Branson – the Industry Taskforce on Peak Oil and Energy Security – heard in February that the witching hour for peak oil is now almost upon us : “ 2015 is when capacity starts to be overwhelmed by depletion and lack of new capacity additions . ”
We are on the cusp of a period of what Feasta calls “ profound and abrupt change ” .
Nor can it now be prevented .
Energy efficiency and renewable energy projects are certainly better than nothing , but the time to have invested massively in a post - oil economy has long passed .
In 1977 , US president Jimmy Carter warned that the need drastically to alter our relationship with energy was “ the moral equivalent of war ” .
Carter ’s injunction was lost beneath a tide of cheap oil .
Renewables wo n’t be riding to the rescue either .
The economic consequences of peak oil will ironically cripple our ability to invest in alternative energy or even to finance the extraction of hard - to - reach oil reserves , which will most likely stay in the ground indefinitely .
“ What we now require is rapid emergency planning coupled with a plan for longer term adaptation , ” Korowicz advises .
Before this can begin , there lies the formidable challenge of overcoming our own psychological defences in confronting these stark new realities .
The inability or unwillingness of society in general and the media in particular to grasp unambiguous scientific warnings about climate strongly suggests Feasta ’s warning shot on peak oil is also destined to remain unheard and unheeded .
John Gibbons is publisher of Climatechange.ie and blogs at Thinkorswim.ie ;
Frank McDonald is on leave
It ’s as if we ’ve been dropped into a substratum of Bizarro World :
Who are these people who see every negative Mideast political development as a positive , who can barely contain their joy when the world ’s powder keg creeps closer to detonation , and who glower at the thought of peace ?
They ’re the millions of Christian evangelical millennialists who expect the Rapture any day now , and the documentary “ Waiting for Armageddon ’ ’ wants us to meet them and know them for the cultural force they certainly intend to be .
Written and directed by the triumvirate of Kate Davis , David Heilbroner , and Franco Sacchi , the film opens at the Coolidge today and preaches to the ( un ) converted with a quiet , worried sanity that could have used more force .
See it anyway , just to remind yourself how many people are actively wishing for the End of Days .
According to millennial theology , when the events supposedly foretold in Revelation , Daniel , et al. come to pass , believers will be swept up by God , leaving everyone else to fight it out , just like in the “ Left Behind ’ ’ novels and video games .
One millennialist interviewed here plans to watch the carnage from the clouds : “ There is an ultimate final battle .
It ’ll be fun to watch . ’’
“ Waiting for Armageddon ’ ’ is a testament to the power of delusional certitude , but it knows too much to dismiss end - timers out of hand .
Because biblical prophecy locates the showdown in Israel , a.k.a.
“ God ’s timepiece , ’’ the filmmakers circle around the Christians who circle around the Holy Land , leading tours of the country they assume God will deliver unto them .
They need Jews to replace the Islamic Dome of the Rock with a rebuilt Temple , and Muslims to provoke Armageddon in response , and if those groups want to find Jesus in the bargain , well , they ’ll get to go to the Christians ’ heaven , too .
The filmmakers interview a Temple Mount rabbi and a devout Muslim who dryly indicate they ’d rather not and who each reaffirm , in case you were n’t sure , that their faith is the only correct one .
At such times , “ Waiting for Armageddon ’ ’ offers a portrait of the affability of blind fanaticism .
Segments focusing on US fundamentalist churches , pastors , and their flocks underscore the sense they feel that we ’re already at war and only the secular humanists do n’t know it ; in its diplomatic way , the film ’s a rationalist ’s call to arms .
Yet “ Waiting for Armageddon ’ ’ also has a quixotic awe for the unshakable certainty of millennialism - the calm that absolute , dogmatic faith can bring .
It ’s only a tragedy when you think of a generation of children being taught they wo n’t graduate high school or have kids of their own .
It ’s only scary when you consider the millennialists ’ ability to sway US foreign policy with votes and political pressure .
The movie could have used a little fire and brimstone itself .
It ’s a little too cautious and when it goes to the clips of Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush , it feels like the old lefty punching bags are being wheeled out .
“ Waiting for Armageddon ’’ is at its saddest and most lucid when it sticks to the just plain folks who have built their hopes and lives around scriptural literalism and who are literally praying for the world to go to hell .
Right now .
Ty Burr can be reached at tburr@ globe.com .
For more on movies , go to www.boston.com/movienation.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Fianna Fáil backbencher Ned O'Keeffe has criticised the decision to give Financial Regulator Matthew Elderfield extra resources and has praised his predecessor Patrick Neary .
Speaking in the Dáil this afternoon , Deputy O'Keeffe said there was nothing worse than financial over - regulation , which he claimed brought about mischief and blackguarding .
He asked what Mr Elderfield would do with the proposed complement of 700 staff in his office claiming there were not that many bank branches in Ireland .
The Cork East TD said Mr Neary was a decent and honourable man who initially had to operate without staff or legislation .
Mr O’Keefe defended AIB , which he claimed had served the agricultural sector better than any other bank .
He told TDs that he held shares in a number of institutions including AIB and he wanted to see it owned by the people and not the State .
The two low - input systems , which use lower levels of purchased inputs such as fertilizer and fuel , consisted of a three - year rotation of corn–soybean–small grain / red clover and a four - year rotation of corn–soybean–small grain / alfalfa–alfalfa .
To better understand energy inputs in all cropping systems , Matt Liebman , Michael Cruse , and their colleagues at Iowa State University conducted a six - year study to compare energy use of a conventionally managed corn–soybean system ( a two - year rotation ) with two low input cropping systems that used more diverse rotations and manure , but substantially lower quantities of nitrogen fertilizer and herbicides .
The study will be published in May - June issue of Agronomy Journal , published by the American Society of Agronomy .
Most of the U.S. Corn
Belt relies on a 2 - year rotation of corn and soybean with heavy inputs of fertilizer , herbicides and pesticides derived from fossil fuels to achieve high yields while keeping costs low .
Conventional production agriculture relies heavily on fossil fuels , particularly in its ability to provide high yields at low labor costs .
However , the uncertain future of fossil fuel availability and prices point to a need to explore energy efficiencies of alternative cropping systems .
Although more labor intensive , low - input cropping could substantially reduce dependence on fossil fuels while maintaining comparable yields .
Did the replacement of fertilizer with manure decrease the fossil fuel energy costs ?
Manure prices are dependent on local economic conditions , and depending on how fossil energy costs were assigned to manure , the two low input systems used between 23 and 56 % less fossil energy than did the conventional system .
During the course of the study from 2003 to 2008 , nitrogen fertilizer inputs were reduced 66 % in the three - year rotation system and 78 % in the four - year rotation system compared with the two - year system .
Herbicide use was reduced by an average of 80 % in the three - year system and 85 % in the four - year system .
Despite the fossil fuel reductions , corn and soybean yields in the low - input three - and four - year systems matched or exceeded levels obtained from the conventionally managed two - year system .
Crop yields in all of the experimental systems were similar to , or greater than , mean yields of commercial farms in the surrounding county in all years of the experiment .
According to Liebman , the two - year corn - soybean rotation is typical of cash grain systems in the region of Iowa that was studied .
The three - and four - year rotations are representative of low input cropping systems in the region that are integrated with cattle production through the feeding of crops to livestock and the application of manure to crop fields .
“ Iowa has a long history of mixed crop and livestock farming , although these operations do require more management and labor , ” said Liebman .
“ If fossil energy costs rise steeply , we may see more of them again . ”
The researchers used two approaches for evaluating the energy and economic costs of manure .
In one approach , manure was considered a waste product of a livestock operation and its only energy cost was the energy used for its application .
Similarly , for a low economic cost scenario , manure was regarded as free except for application costs ( labor , tractor fuel , and machinery depreciation ) .
The second approach included both the energy costs of manure application and the energy costs of manure nutrients assessed as if they required the same amounts of energy used to produce commercial fertilizers .
Similarly , for a high economic cost scenario , the cost of manure was set as the application costs plus the cost of nutrients within the manure set at commercial fertilizer prices .
The researchers noted that the real energy and economic costs are likely to lie between the low and high extremes they analyzed , and will vary depending on market conditions and the configuration and management of the livestock operation generating the manure .
When considering manure as a low - cost economic input , the researchers found that the monetary return to land and management was similar for all systems , averaging $ 249 per acre .
Using commercial fertilizer prices for manure nutrients reduced returns by $ 38 per acre for the three - year rotation and $ 28 per acre for the four - year rotation .
Most of the fossil energy input for all systems was from grain drying and handling .
Conditions in northern latitudes , where farmers have limited time to allow grain to dry in the field , make it difficult to reduce this cost .
The researchers point out , however , that growing corn less frequently in a rotation sequence can reduce the need for grain drying with fossil energy .
A major trade off is that the low - fossil energy input systems require more labor .
Efficiency ratios , including crop energy output and economic return per unit of fossil energy invested , were significantly higher in the low input four - year rotation than in the conventional system .
Most of the variability observed among systems in energy use efficiency was due to differences in fossil energy input values , not in outputs from the systems , since productivity of the systems was essentially equal .
Incorporating alfalfa into the four - year rotation was important : in all economic analyses , the four - year rotation was significantly more efficient in energy use than the two - year rotation , while the three - year rotation was not .
In this study , labor inputs followed an opposite trend to that seen for fossil energy inputs , with the four - year rotation having the largest labor inputs and the two - year rotation having the smallest .
As compared with the two - year rotation , which required 41 minutes per acre per year , the three - year rotation required 54 % more labor , while the four - year rotation required 91 % more labor .
However , the incorporation of small grain crops ( triticale and oat ) and alfalfa into the low - input rotation systems placed much of the extra time investment into parts of the year that did not overlap with peak activities associated with corn and soybean production .
The researchers suggest that historically low energy prices during the 20th century , along with relatively high wages in the United States , have contributed to widespread adoption of energy - intensive farming practices .
The team says that their analysis shows that the conventional two - year rotation system widely used in the central U.S. ( corn - soybean ) relies on fossil energy to reduce labor requirements while allowing net economic returns to remain constant .
This provides greater wage rates for the producer .
However , the researchers claim , diversified low - input systems can provide greater returns per unit of fossil energy invested , even though overall returns from the land are similar to the conventional system .
In coming years , the market prices from cash grains will play a big role in what cropping systems will gain favor in the U.S.
If demands from ethanol plants or overseas markets increase the price of corn grain faster than input costs rise or if commercial - scale production of biofuels from corn stover becomes economically viable , Midwestern cropping systems might become less diverse and more focused on corn .
Alternatively , if fossil energy prices rise significantly without simultaneous increases in crop value , diversified low - input cropping systems , such as those described in this study , may become preferable to conventional cropping systems and used more widely .
“ It ’s hard to predict the exact details of what the future will bring us , ” said Liebman .
“ But results of this study show that we do have options for maintaining high farm productivity and profitability while substantially reducing our dependence on fossil energy . ”
The research team , funded by the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture and the U.S. Department of Agriculture , is expanding its activities with measurements of effects of the different cropping systems on water quality , greenhouse gas emissions , and soil carbon and nitrogen dynamics .
They will also investigate the economic consequences of integrating crop and livestock production in different ways .
Material adapted by James Giese , Director , Science Communications , American Society of Agronomy ( URL : https://www.agronomy.org/ ) , from :
Fossil Energy Use in Conventional and Low - External - Input Cropping Systems
Michael J. Cruse , Matt Liebman , * D. Raj Raman , and Mary H. Wiedenhoeft
DOI : 102:934-941
Published online 24 Mar. 2010 in Agronomy Journal ( URL : https://www.agronomy.org/publications)
It has n't even been two months since Conan O'Brien joined Twitter , but now the former Tonight Show show host is dropping in on Twitter HQ like he 's part of the family .
Twitter employees are now tweeting en-masse about the funnyman 's visit to Twitter 's San Francisco offices this morning — he 's even doing a bit of stand - up .
His recent embrace of social media has been working out pretty well , and likely helped him land a new late night show on TBS .
We 're not surprised he's at Twitter HQ .
Conan is in town this week for his " Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television Tour " tour .
In proper Twitter fashion , here are some Twitter pics , courtesy of TwitPic , Yfrog and Twitter 's employees :
" For our UK efforts , this is a very important continuing step , to bring our best known team , the Lakers , to London and the UK .
We think this is progressing exactly as we expected and our expectation is for continuing growth . ”
NATO now admits that it was responsible for the deaths of three Afghan women during a night raid in Kabul on 12 February 2010 .
Jerome Starkey of the London Times reported that the families of the dead civilians told him they felt that their dead bodies had been violated and the troops dug the bullets out of them , bound and gagged the women to make them look like ‘ honor killings ’ ( 7:17 ) :
Jason Ditz at Antiwar News writes :
Jerome Starkey reported at the London Times , 13 Mar 2010 , that the February raid which led to the deaths of two pregnant women — one , a mother of ten and the other of six — and a teenage girl were “ carried out by U.S. and Afghan gunmen ” , noting the raid came two weeks after “ after the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan [ General Stanley McChrystal ] issued new guidelines designed to limit the use of night raids ” after having “ been criticised for night raids based on dubious or false intelligence leading to civilian casualties ” .
Today , Mr. Starkey reported that Afghan investigators found that the forces staged the scene as an ‘ honor killing ‘.
“ U.S. special forces [ S.O.F. ] soldiers dug bullets out of their victims ’ bodies in the bloody aftermath of a botched night raid , then washed the wounds with alcohol before lying to their superiors about what happened ” .
Mr. Starkey wrote at Nieman Watchdog , shortly after his report appeared at the Times :
The militants were n’t militants , they were loyal government officials .
The women , according to dozens of interviews with witnesses at the scene , were killed by the raiders .
Two of them were pregnant , one was engaged to be married .
The only way I found out NATO had lied — deliberately or otherwise — was because I went to the scene of the raid , in Paktia province , and spent three days interviewing the survivors .
In Afghanistan that is quite unusual … .
It ’s not the first time I ’ve found NATO lying , but this is perhaps the most harrowing instance , and every time I go through the same gamut of emotions .
I am shocked and appalled that brave men in uniform misrepresent events .
Then I feel naïve .
There are a handful of truly fearless reporters in Afghanistan constantly trying to break the military ’s monopoly on access to the front .
But far too many of our colleagues accept the spin- laden press releases churned out of the Kabul headquarters .
Suicide bombers are “ cowards , ” NATO attacks on civilians are “ tragic accidents , ” intelligence is foolproof and only militants get arrested ...
This self - censorship is compounded by the “ embed culture , ” which encourages journalists to visit the frontlines with NATO soldiers , who provide them food , shelter , security and ultimately with stories .
British troops will only accept journalists who let military censors approve their stories before they are filed .
Ostensibly , this is to stop sensitive information reaching the insurgents .
In my three and a half years in Afghanistan , the British invariably use it as an opportunity to editorialize … .
The Americans are just as subtle .
I was thrown off a trip with the Marines Special Operations Command troops ( MarSOC ) last year when they realized I had written a story many months earlier linking their colleagues to three of Afghanistan ’s worst civilian casualty incidents .
Dave Lindorff , author of The Case for Impeachment ( 2006 ) who recently made the case for the impeachment of President Barack Obama , discussed the details of covering this raid up as ‘ honor killings ’ further with RT , Gen.
McChrystal ’s “ death squad ” and the blowback potential of U.S. policy ( 5:25 , segment begins at the 0:58 mark ) :
Kathy Kelly , who recently included Mr. Starkey ‘ exposing this deception ’ by the U.S. - led coalition to display how the U.S. government “ pacifies ” society to cover up its crimes against humanity , discussed : the cover - up ; the recent admission by NATO ; and the deliberate , ‘ collaborative ’ war crimes constantly being committed , as well ( 4:38 ) :
The pacification of the American public was focused on by Glenn Greenwald at Salon , today .
He begins with the CNN article with a headline that “ states as fact that the women were dead as the result of an ‘ honor killing ' ” , though the entire article “ does nothing but repeat what an ‘ unnamed senior military official said ’ about the incident ” .
He added how , “ similarily ” , The New York Times “ also passed along the Pentagon ’s false version of events with no questioning ” and “ simply ignored entirely the claims of the residents of the village — notwithstanding the fact that serious conflicts about what actually took place were known from the very beginning ” ( emphasis by Mr. Greenwald ) :
All of this is a chronic problem , not an isolated one , with war reporting generally and events in Afghanistan specifically .
Just consider what happened when the U.S. military was forced in 2008 to retract its claims about a brutal air raid in Azizabad .
The Pentagon had vehemently denied the villagers ’ claim that close to 100 civilians had been killed and that no Taliban were in the vicinity : until a video emerged proving the villagers ’ claims were true and the Pentagon ’s false .
Last week , TPM highlighted a recent , largely overlooked statement from Gen. McChrystal , where he admitted , regarding U.S. killings of Afghans at check points : “ to my knowledge , in the nine - plus months I ’ve been here , not a single case where we have engaged in an escalation of force incident and hurt someone has it turned out that the vehicle had a suicide bomb or weapons in it and , in many cases , had families in it .
. . .
We ’ve shot an amazing number of people and killed a number and , to my knowledge , none has proven to have been a real threat to the force . ”
And as I documented before , the U.S. media constantly repeats false Pentagon claims about American air attacks around the world in order to create the false impression that Key Terrorists were killed while no civilians were ….
Amazingly , [ Starkey ’s ]
Nieman piece was written three weeks ago , and recounted in detail : ( a ) how clearly the U.S. - led forces had lied about what happened in Paktia ; and ( b ) the reasons why the U.S. media continuously spews false government propaganda about the war … .
Illustratively , in response to Starkey ’s March 13 article detailing what really happened at Paktia and the cover - up that ensued , NATO issued a formal statement singling him out and accusing him of publishing an article that was “ categorically false . ”
As recently as that mid-March statement , NATO was still claiming — falsely — that the women in Paktia were killed prior to the arrival of American troops , and they were impugning the integrity of the reporter ( Starkey ) who was proving otherwise …
[ F ] ar more often , Americans are completely misled about events in Afghanistan by the combination of false official claims and mindless stenographic American “ journalism . ”
And no matter how many times this process is exposed — from Jessica Lynch ’s heroic firefight to Pat Tillman ’s death by Al Qeada — this relentless propaganda machine never seems to diminish .
Gareth Porter reported at Inter Press Services , last week , “ Since he took over as top commander in Afghanistan , McChrystal has not only refused to curb those raids but has increased them dramatically …
Two moves by McChrystal last year reveal his strong commitment to night raids as a tactic .
After becoming commander of NATO and U.S. forces last May , he approved a more than fourfold increase in those operations , from 20 in May to 90 in November …
Then , McChrystal deliberately protected night raids from political pressures to reduce or even stop them altogether .
In his “ initial assessment ” last August , he devoted an entire annex to the subject of civilian casualties and collateral damage , but made no mention night raids as a problem in that regard . ”
The result : “ civilian deaths from night raids have spiked ” causing “ more than half of the nearly 600 civilian deaths attributable to coalition forces in 2009 ” , according to U.N. and Afghan government estimates .
Afghan Special Forces and other Afghan military personnel have accompanied S.O.F. , “ but that has not prevented the continued killing of civilians ” .
Mr. Starkey reports that an Afghan government official exited the house during the February 12 raid and the women exited as well .
“ The S.O.F . community had long asserted that anyone who comes out of their house during a raid must be an insurgent and can therefore be killed , ” — Dr. Porter reports .
Though the night raid was “ obviously carried out without informing local officials , not only blundered into a family celebration and killed two pregnant women and a teenage girl , but also provoked others in the vicinity to come out of their houses with guns to see who had intruded on their neighbors ” .
The significance of the S.O.F. community ’s ‘ long - time assertions ’ and the deliberate procedural red-tape of receiving authorization for engagement in the videotaped massacre released by WikiLeaks is that neither of these are freak occurrences .
Indiscriminate murder by the U.S. government has become acceptable to the point it ’s become procedure .
SO secretive was veteran Don Field 's job in war that he has rarely , if ever , spoken of it .
Yet the specialist signalman was part of an elite group credited with being a step ahead of the Japanese as they crept towards Australia and later hailed for helping end World War II years earlier than it otherwise would have .
" We were warned on selection to the squad that there would never be recognition of our unit - no medals , no reunions , no mention of us , " Mr Field , 86 , said .
Until recently , little was known of the men often dropped in behind enemy lines to intercept Japanese wireless transmission across Asia , which they sent on for decoding to British intelligence headquarters at Bletchley Park .
" We were first trained in Morse code in English and then retrained as specialists in Kana , or Japanese .
" Armed with just a pencil , we 'd record every single signal we intercepted and on - send for decoding . "
The group was known as the " Forgotten Army " .
Then last week , out of the blue , Mr Field and about 150 other Australian signallers finally received a bulky package from London - 64 years after they served their country .
Inside was a gold medallion and British Government citation - welcome recognition at long last of the vital role played by the Australian Special Wireless Group .
Still working as an accountant and farmer , Mr Field said he would have a new spring in his step when he joins the Anzac Day march on Sunday .
" Finally , I will get to wear a medal with pride for the first time , " he said .
Mr Field and his identical twin Peter both enlisted at 17 .
Carrying the legacy of childhood illness , it was obvious Peter , who died at 80 , would not be accepted , so his younger twin stood in for him on the medical .
No one noticed .
Originally published as Recognition at last
Horror Realm Panel and Event Schedule Friday March 6 , 2020 7 PM : Tony Moran Panel – Carnegie Room 8 PM : Kelli Maroney Panel – Carnegie Room 10 PM : Party with Brutal Business Entertainment – Allegheny Room Saturday March 7 , 2020 11 AM : Tiffany Shepis Panel – Allegheny Room 12:30 PM : Patricia Tallman Panel – Allegheny Room 2 PM : Caroline Williams Panel – Allegheny Room 3:30 PM : Horror Match Game – Allegheny Room ( Go to the admission table to sign up ) 4:30 PM : Judi Aronson Panel – Allegheny Room 5:45 : Tattoo Contest – Allegheny Room ( Go to the admission table to sign up ) 9 PM : After Party with DJ Greg – costumes encourage – Allegheny Room Sunday March 8th , 2020 12 PM : Patricia Tallman and Tom Savini Panel – Allegheny Room 1:30 PM Zombie Opera Performance – Allegheny Room Movies Friday March 6th - Carnegie Room 9 pm- “ Redsin Tower ” 11 pm - “ Tales of Poe ” Saturday March 7th - Carnegie Room 9 am - Cartoons and doughnuts ( while they last ) 12 pm - “ Razor Days ” 1:30 pm- “ Canto ” , “ The Autumn People ” , “ Saint Nick ” , “ Hallowed be thy Name ” , “ No Knock List ” and “ Sandman ” 4 pm - “ Straight Edge Kegger ” 7 pm - Flea Market Films presents “ Creepie Crawlies ” - an original presentation of 16 mm films
Sunday March 8th- Carnegie Room 12 pm - “ The Final Interview ” 2 pm- “ Razor Days ”
John Mearsheimer gave a splendid lecture today at the Palestine Center in D.C. titled " The Future of Palestine : Righteous Jews vs. the New Afrikaners " in which he stated that the two - state - solution is over ( " most Israelis are opposed to making the sacrifices that would be necessary to create a viable Palestinian state , and there is little reason to expect them to have an epiphany on this issue " ) and we are now in a process that will result in a binational state .
But how long , dear , how long ?
Apartheid will give way to a binational state , Mearsheimer argued , because once " those [ American ]
Jews who comprise the great ambivalent middle " understand that Israel is a full - fledged apartheid state , they will side with the " righteous Jews , " such as Naomi Klein , Tony Judt , and Roger Cohen , and not the lobby , and thus help to produce a real democracy .
Excerpt :
[ T] there is going to be a Greater Israel between the Jordan and the Mediterranean .
In fact , I would argue that it already exists .
But who will live there and what kind of political system will it have ?
It is not going to be a democratic bi-national state , at least in the near future .
An overwhelming majority of Israel ’s Jews have no interest in living in a state that would be dominated by the Palestinians .
And that includes young Israeli Jews , many of whom hold clearly racist views toward the Palestinians in their midst .
Furthermore , few of Israel ’s supporters in the United States are interested in this outcome , at least at this point in time .
Most Palestinians , of course , would accept a democratic bi-national state without hesitation if it could be achieved quickly .
But that is not going to happen , although as I will argue shortly , it is likely to come to pass down the road .
Then there is ethnic cleansing , which would certainly mean that Greater Israel would have a Jewish majority .
But that murderous strategy seems unlikely , because it would do enormous damage to Israel ’s moral fabric , its relationship with Jews in the Diaspora , and to its international standing .
Israel and its supporters would be treated harshly by history , and it would poison relations with Israel ’s neighbors for years to come .
No genuine friend of Israel could support this policy , which would clearly be a crime against humanity .
It also seems unlikely , because most of the 5.5 million Palestinians living between the Jordan and the Mediterranean would put up fierce resistance if Israel tried to expel them from their homes .
Nevertheless , there is reason to worry that Israelis might adopt this solution as the demographic balance shifts against them and they fear for the survival of the Jewish state .
Given the right circumstances – say a war involving Israel that is accompanied by serious Palestinian unrest – Israeli leaders might conclude that they can expel massive numbers of Palestinians from Greater Israel and depend on the lobby to protect them from international criticism and especially from sanctions .
We should not underestimate Israel ’s willingness to employ such a horrific strategy if the opportunity presents itself .
It is apparent from public opinion surveys and everyday discourse that many Israelis hold racist views of Palestinians and the Gaza massacre makes clear that they have few qualms about killing Palestinian civilians .
It is difficult to disagree with Jimmy Carter ’s comment earlier this year that “ the citizens of Palestine are treated more like animals than like human beings . ”
A century of conflict and four decades of occupation will do that to a people .
Furthermore , a substantial number of Israeli Jews – some 40 percent or more – believe that the Arab citizens of Israel should be “ encouraged ” to leave by the government .
Indeed , former foreign minister Tzipi Livni has said that if there is a two - state solution , she expected Israel ’s Palestinian citizens to leave and settle in the new Palestinian state .
And then there is the recent military order issued by the IDF that is aimed at “ preventing infiltration ” into the West Bank .
In fact , it enables Israel to deport tens of thousands of Palestinians from the West Bank should it choose to do so .
And , of course , the Israelis engaged in a massive cleansing of the Palestinians in 1948 and again in 1967 .
Still , I do not believe Israel will resort to this horrible course of action .
The most likely outcome in the absence of a two - state solution is that Greater Israel will become a full - fledged apartheid state .
As anyone who has spent time in the Occupied Territories knows , it is already an incipient apartheid state with separate laws , separate roads , and separate housing for Israelis and Palestinians , who are essentially confined to impoverished enclaves that they can leave and enter only with great difficulty .
Israelis and their American supporters invariably bristle at the comparison to white rule in South Africa , but that is their future if they create a Greater Israel while denying full political rights to an Arab population that will soon outnumber the Jewish population in the entirety of the land .
Indeed , two former Israeli prime ministers have made this very point .
Ehud Olmert , who was Netanyahu ’s predecessor , said in late November 2007 that if “ the two - state solution collapses , ” Israel will “ face a South - African - style struggle . ”
He went so far as to argue that , “ as soon as that happens , the state of Israel is finished . ”
Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak , who is now Israel ’s defense minister , said in early February of this year that , " As long as in this territory west of the Jordan River there is only one political entity called Israel it is going to be either non-Jewish , or non-democratic .
If this bloc of millions of Palestinians cannot vote , that will be an apartheid state . "
Other Israelis , as well as Jimmy Carter and Bishop Desmond Tutu , have warned that if Israel does not pull out of the Occupied Territories it will become an apartheid state like white - ruled South Africa .
But if I am right , the occupation is not going to end and there will not be a two - state solution .
That means Israel will complete its transformation into a full - blown apartheid state over the next decade .
In the long run , however , Israel will not be able to maintain itself as an apartheid state .
Like racist South Africa , it will eventually evolve into a democratic bi-national state whose politics will be dominated by the more numerous Palestinians .
Of course , this means that Israel faces a bleak future as a Jewish state .
Let me explain why .
For starters , the discrimination and repression that is the essence of apartheid will be increasingly visible to people all around the world .
Israel and its supporters have been able to do a good job of keeping the mainstream media in the United States from telling the truth about what Israel is doing to the Palestinians in the Occupied Territories .
But the Internet is a game changer .
It not only makes it easy for the opponents of apartheid to get the real story out to the world , but it also allows Americans to learn the story that the New York Times and the Washington Post have been hiding from them .
Over time , this situation may even force these two media institutions to cover the story more accurately themselves .
The growing visibility of this issue is not just a function of the Internet .
It is also due to the fact that the plight of the Palestinians matters greatly to people all across the Arab and Islamic world , and they constantly raise the issue with Westerners .
It also matters very much to the influential human rights community , which is naturally going to be critical of Israel ’s harsh treatment of the Palestinians .
It is not surprising that hardline Israelis and their American supporters are now waging a vicious smear campaign against those human rights organizations that criticize Israel .
The main problem that Israel ’s defenders face , however , is that it is impossible to defend apartheid , because it is antithetical to core Western values .
How does one make a moral case for apartheid , especially in the United States , where democracy is venerated and segregation and racism are routinely condemned ?
It is hard to imagine the United States having a special relationship with an apartheid state .
Indeed , it is hard to imagine the United States having much sympathy for one .
It is much easier to imagine the United States strongly opposing that racist state ’s political system and working hard to change it .
Of course , many other countries around the globe would follow suit .
This is surely why former Prime Minister Olmert said that going down the apartheid road would be suicidal for Israel .
Apartheid is not only morally reprehensible , but it also guarantees that Israel will remain a strategic liability for the United States …
I believe that most of the Jews in the great ambivalent middle will not defend apartheid Israel but will either keep quiet or side with the righteous Jews against the new Afrikaners , who will become increasingly marginalized over time .
And once that happens , the lobby will be unable to provide cover for Israel ’s racist policies toward the Palestinians in the way it has in the past .
Jargon makes it easier to write about technology .
Technical ideas are often quicker and easier to discuss using the private language of engineers and geeks .
Some technical terms pack a lot of meaning into a single word or a phrase .
There are times when jargon is a useful short cut .
Even so , try to keep jargon under control .
And only use it in context .
It can be a barrier to understanding .
A lot is misused or confusing .
Remember sometimes specialist language is used as a deliberate tool to hide meaning from outsiders .
There ’s no excuse for indulging in the robot - speak used by corporations and government departments .
Jargon does n’t make you look smarter .
It tells your readers you ’re a pompous windbag .
Often it makes your words , and your meaning , harder to understand .
Remember , not every reader is a native English speaker .
And not every native speaker is tuned in to specialised language .
Some pet hates :
Ongoing – and ongoing situation is worse .
Going forward – if you mean in the future say so .
Ground rules .
Upturn .
Outcome is a particularly nasty piece of political and bureaucratic doublespeak for result .
Currently .
Like this : Like Loading ...
There are now only eight weeks left until the kick - off of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa .
This is the first time the greatest sporting event in the world is being held on the African continent , and promises to be an exciting exploration , of not only football , but of African culture , heritage and art .
As a celebration of this event , visual designer Charis Tsevis has designed , as a personal experiment , a series of posters that have been greatly inspired by the great African pattern heritage and contemporary football culture .
They are his personal journey exploring Africa 's history and tradition , and have given him nothing but great pleasure and an endless lesson .
“ South Africa is one of the most beautiful and most vivid places I have ever seen .
The country is amazing and rich of cultures and history .
I am going to return to visit it soon .
“ ( Charis Tsevis ) South Africa is one of the most beautiful and most vivid places I have ever seen .
The country is amazing and rich of cultures and history .
I am going to return to visit it soon .
The posters have been designed with custom developed scripts and techniques in Synthetik Studio Artist , Adobe Photoshop , Adobe Illustrator and Apple QuickTime Pro .
The typeface used is PF Etnica .
Below you will find a selection of Charis Tsevis ‘ creative Africa 2010 World Cup posters , to view more from this series click here : Africa 2010 World Cup Posters .
Ahead of its official announcement on Triple J’s breakfast show , Triple J’s website has revealed the full lineup for Splendour 2010 , to take place at Woodford in Queensland for the first time .
The massive list brings together the obvious choices with more than a few interesting surprises .
Topping out the ‘ obvious ’ side of things for the tenth anniversary of Splendour in the Grass are The Strokes , Goldfrapp , The Temper Trap , Pixies and of course Mumford and Sons .
Meanwhile , there ’s some interesting picks in appearances like Ben Harper & the Relentless 7 , Harper ’s third Australian tour in little over a year , and his first appearance on a non-Bluesfest lineup ever .
Ben Haper is joined by a stack of other international guests that you might not have expected , from Scissor Sisters to Black Rebel Motorcycle Club to Broken Social Scene .
The full list of internationals follows :
The Strokes
Pixies
Frightened Rabbit
LCD Soundsystem
Broken Social Scene
The Drums
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
Yeasayer
Mumford and Sons
The Temper Trap
Band Of Horses
Passion Pit
Florence and the Machine
Laura Marling
Grizzly Bear
Band Of Skulls
Surfer Blood
Alberta Cross
Two Door Cinema Club
Midlake
Foals
Goldfrapp
Jonsi
Ash
Scissor Sisters
The Ting Tings
Hot Chip
Ben Harper and the Relentless 7
We Are Scientists
Richard Ashcroft and the United Nations Of Sound
K-Os
Delphic
School Of Seven Bells
The Magic Numbers
Meanwhile on the local front , there ’s predictable such as chart - toppers Angus and Julia Stone and Empire Of The Sun , the overdone such as Wolfmother or The Vines .
The odd legend like Paul Kelly , who seems to be lining up to play Splendour with as much or more frequency than he does some of the more mature festivals .
The rest is a quality exercise in Australian music , even if it does feel a tad like the 2010 Falls and Laneway festival lineups wrapped into one .
But good music is good music , and what we have here is the cream of the crop in terms of indie and alternative music on our shores .
Angus and Julia Stone
Empire Of The Sun
Wolfmother
The Vines
Tame Impala
Paul Kelly
Operator Please
Lisa Mitchell
Midnight Juggernauts
Little Red
Space Invadas
British India
Oh Mercy
The Middle East
Bluejuice
Washington
Whitley
Dan Sultan
Cloud Control
Miami Horror
Clare Bowditch
Philadelphia Grand Jury
The John Steel Singers
Violent Soho
The Mess Hall
Jonathan Boulet
Boy and Bear
Gypsy and the Cat
Last Dinosaurs
Ernest Ellis
Tim and Jean
Yacht Club DJs
Tickets are due on sale in May 6 .
Capacity at Woodford is greatly increased compared to the former Belongil Fields site in Byron Bay , NSW , but probably count on a speedy sellout .
Israel Gives The Finger To The USA
It is a case of the dog biting the hand that feeds it .
After years of protection by Big Brother USA , covering up for its having nuclear warheads when Iran cannot even have a nuclear program , looking the other way when shocking war crimes and massacres of civilians are committed , when pregnant Palestinian mothers are left to die in the streets , Israel sticks up the middle finger in a classic display of pig- headed arrogance by Netanyahu at AIPAC .
Israel Gives The Finger To The USA
The territory of Israel and of the Palestinian Territories was drawn up upon the founding of the State of Israel under international law and recognised by the international community in May 1948 .
Annexation of the Palestinian Territories ( now Illegally Occupied Territories ) and the subsequent seizure of lands and destruction of homes from Palestinian civilians are a violation of international law and are prohibited by each and every fibre of customary and conventional law .
Israel stands alone .
Today , the Palestinian Authority controls just 17 per cent of its territory .
Is this acceptable ?
To cap it all with ever - increasing displays of pig- headed arrogance , East Jerusalem was annexed by Israel arbitrarily in 1980 and today Israel continues to build settlements there in contradiction of the UNSC Resolution 478 , claiming that Israel respects and follows the Resolutions it feels like respecting and ignores the others , just as Israel sits on 200 nuclear warheads in the Negev Desert in total contradiction to all the norms of non-proliferation .
Israel behaves like Hitler
In short , as with Hitler ’s Aryans , Israel declares to all that its people are special , being above the legal parameters governing everyone else and Israel follows the arrogant precept that as a State it does not have to behave as a responsible member of the international community because basically it does as it pleases , adopting policies such as lebensraum ( living room ) , treatment of Palestinians as untermenschen ( sub - humans ) , occupation of territory , arbitrary murder , destruction of property .
AIPAC : Patriots or Traitors ?
Immediately after the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared that Israel had to stop building illegal settlements ( far from stopping , they should be either handed over to the Palestinians whose lands were stolen together with a hefty reparations payment or else demolished ) , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded with the most shocking display of pig- headed arrogance in his address to a cheering AIPAC , claiming that Israelis were building in Jerusalem 3,000 years ago and continue to do so now .
So to whom do the members of AIPAC owe their allegiance ?
To Tel Aviv or to Washington ?
They cheer the Prime Minister of Israel who comes to the United States of America to defy and spit in the face of its Secretary of State ?
These AIPAC members are patriots , or traitors ?
Israel check - mates Washington
On the chess board which constitutes the Middle East game , Washington plays by the rules , promising to guarantee the territorial integrity of Israel ( ostensibly , we imagine , within the frontiers recognised under international law , not including one centimetre of the Occupied Territories ) .
Nothing wrong with that ( although the USA uses and abuses a cowardly and cynical gimmick of looking the other way when Israel starts committing acts of mass murder , massacres and war crimes ) .
Yet on the other side of the board , while Washington politely turns away smiling wanly , Israel plays with two Queens , ten rooks and as many knights as it feels fit to employ .
While Washington claims Israel must stop building illegal settlements , the Israeli PM is in the USA being cheered by AIPAC claiming this is precisely what he intends to continue doing .
The way forward
For any sane , clear - thinking citizen of the international community , there is one very simple way forward .
First , Israel has to leave all the territory is occupies illegally ( possibly paying for the rent of the territories in a phased withdrawal ) .
The question of reparations for the occupation of this land is up to the Palestinians to claim as they see fit .
Simultaneously , all parties have to recognise Israel ’s right to exist and thirdly , if the non-proliferation treaties are to be respected , then nobody can have nuclear weapons in the Middle east , and that includes Israel .
Three simple and easy steps which include nothing other than respect for the terms of international law .
Is this so unreasonable to expect , or demand ?
Next step , engage Hamas , for it was democratically elected .
Until then all talk of peace and children growing up together and happy smiling families living side by side exchanging presents is utter claptrap , nonsensical whimsical fairy - tales by politicians who are acting like clowns .
Who is going to extend the hand of friendship to a murderous thug who invades their house , steals their land , deports their family , kills their women , and shoots their kids in the eyes with rubber bullets ?
Or did the citizens of the USA not know any of this was going on ?
Timothy BANCROFT -HINCHEY
PRAVDA .
Ru
Well , that did n’t take long did it ?
A mere month after London Heathrow introduced full body scanners , the first harassment case is already being investigated by the authorities .
When 29 year old Jo Margetson accidentally walked through the scanner , an airport security guard thought it would be hilarious to mention how he “ loved those gigantic tits ” .
This was of course the situation everyone feared – I ’m just surprised it took this long to happen .
The security guard has been issued a warning for sexual harassment , which will no doubt be the first of many to be issued to people that have access to the scanner images .
Miss Margetson is furious about the incident – ‘ I ca n’t bear to think about the body scanner thing , ’ she said .
‘ I ’m totally traumatised by it . ” .
She spoke to the police after the incident , and they in turn reported the case to BAA , the airport operator .
In the United States , the full body imagers are monitored by staff in a remote location , and we have been assured that images will never be shared – even though the purchase requests made by the government requested scanners that have storage and sending capabilities .
In other words – it is only a matter of time till US airports are faced with similar cases .
The problem with this equipment is not the technology – which has been proven to work just fine – humans are the real issue , and knowing that some of the operators manning the checkpoints are going to be on the lookout for “ big tits ” wo n’t help the public ’s attitude towards them one bit .
( Photo : Getty Images )
To see how the latest versions of the most popular web browsers stack up , I ran five of them – Firefox 3.6 , Chrome 5 - dev , Internet Explorer 8.0 , Opera 10.51 and Safari 4.0.5 – through a number of benchmarks and performance tests .
The results are below ( click the image to enlarge it ) .
Benchmarks Used
Personal Notes
As could be expected , the light - weight Chrome comes out as the winner in most benchmarks ( though sometimes only by a bit ) and the much - loathed IE trails the pack .
It ’s also nice to see that Opera ( my personal favourite ) has improved so greatly with the 10.51 release .
However , the relatively modest performance of Firefox 3.6 surprised me .
Ordinarily one could write it off as the result of running way too many extensions , but that ’s unlikely to be the case this time – all the benchmarks were run using a new , clean profile .
It ’s a mystery .
The Large Hadron Collider set a new record for the creation of energetic particle beams this morning .
The particle accelerator , which surpassed Fermilab 's Tevatron in December as the baddest atom smasher of them all , smashed its own record , charging particles to 3.48 trillion electron volts .
That 's three times the energy of any beam ever created by human beings and just a shade under half the LHC 's proposed maximum capabilities .
After a series of mishaps and repairs over the last year and a half , CERN ’s Director for Accelerators and Technology Steve Myers sounded a triumphant note .
" Getting the beams to 3.5 TeV is testimony to the soundness of the LHC ’s overall design , and the improvements we ’ve made since the breakdown in September 2008 , ” Myers said in a press release .
“ And it ’s a great credit to the patience and dedication of the LHC team . ”
The LHC could allow scientists to better understand the nature of mass , dark matter and the origins of the universe .
But many of them hope that instead of confirming the current set of theoretical models we have all come to know – string theory , dark energy , the Higgs - Boson , etc. – something entirely unexpected will emerge from the CERN - run experiment .
Next up for the massive experiment is to collide those beams together to create a spectacular tiny explosion that could confirm or challenge decades of theoretical predictions .
By sorting through the wreckage , physicists may find particular subatomic particles that will only exist under certain theoretical scenarios .
For example , the detection of certain types of supersymmetric particles , aka sparticles , could be seen as what physicist Michio Kaku calls , " signals from the 11th dimension . "
While the LHC 's beam energies are certainly impressive , raw power is just one component of the quality of the data that a particle accelerator can produce .
Understanding the incredible , almost unfathomable amounts of information that result from the collisions of beams requires iterative fine - tuning and learning by doing .
So , while the Tevatron , the last great American particle accelerator , may be chugging along at just under a trillion electron - volts , it 's still got an outside shot at finding the Higgs - Boson particle before the LHC can find or exclude it .
And that could be a fitting final act before the high - energy physics torch passes wholly from Batavia , Illinois , to Geneva .
Photo : A piece of the Compact Muon Solenoid / CERN
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
The ActivClassroom has always been all - encompassing .
Now , it ’s an all - in - one Interactive , collaborative , multimedia experience designed to capture the imagination of any type of learner — from the auditory to the visual to the kinesthetic and everywhere between .
The reason : the ActivBoard 300 Pro Range , a feature - rich Interactive whiteboard that combines color , motion and interactivity with integrated sound and Dual - User functionality .
Much more than your typical Interactive whiteboard , the ActivBoard 300 Pro Range is a hub of activity .
Built - in speakers and a discreet but powerful amplifier add stereo sound to any lesson .
Fixed mount or motorized height - adjustable stands , short - throw projectors and a durable , classroom - ready surface mean everyone can come to the board - and the board can come to any classroom .
Dual - User capability is built in .
And with included ActivInspire Professional Edition software and access to tens of thousands of free lessons and resources at http://www.prometheanplanet.com, 21st century teaching truly comes full - circle , culminating in a 360 - degree learning experience unlike any other .
Martin Cooper , inventor of the mobile phone , said manufacturers are cramming too much into new handsets
By Tania Teixeira
BBC News
Martin Cooper may not be a household name , but his invention is familiar to more than half the planet 's population who own a mobile phone .
The concept of a handheld phone was his brainchild , and with the help of his Motorola team , the first handset was born in 1973 weighing in at two kilos .
When he stood on a New York street and made the first phone call from a prototype cellular phone , he could not have conceived how successful it would become .
Now a worldwide telecoms industry has sprung up along with a vast array of technologies developed for mobile phones .
$ 10,000 phone
He told Click that producing the first phone cost Motorola the equivalent of $ 1 m ( £ 650,000 ) in today 's money .
" We had to virtually shut down all engineering at our company and have everybody working on the phone and the infrastructure to make the thing work , " he said .
We joked that 'in the future , when you were born you would be assigned a telephone number and if you did n't answer the phone , you were dead '
Martin Cooper " Even by 1983 , a portable handheld cellular telephone cost $ 4,000 ( £ 2,600 ) , which would be the equivalent of more than $ 10,000 ( £ 6,500 ) today . "
Mr Cooper said his team faced the challenge of squeezing thousands of parts into a phone for the first time .
" The industrial designers did a superb job , but by the time the engineers got done we ended up with two and a half pounds .
" A very substantial part of that first phone was in fact battery which weighed four or five times more than an entire cellphone now , " he said .
" The battery lifetime was 20 minutes , but that was n't really a big problem because you could n't hold that phone up for that long . "
Bring freedom
After the phone 's production , the bigger obstacle became adapting the small infrastructure , used for car phones at the time , to support mobile phone calls .
" The challenge was to create the network with the promise at that time that we only needed three megahertz of spectrum , the equivalent of five TV channels to cover the world .
In the early 80s mobile phones were a luxury that cost thousands of dollars
He and his team hoped one day everyone would have their own handset .
" In fact we had a joke that said ' in the future , when you were born you would be assigned a telephone number and if you did n't answer the phone , you were dead ' .
" We had no idea that in as little as 35 years more than half the people on Earth would have cellular telephones , and they give the phones away to people for nothing . "
Handheld phones were originally produced to help doctors and hospital staff improve their communications .
He hoped the devices would help bring safety and freedom to people , but the eventual social implications were beyond his understanding almost four decades ago .
" We had no idea that things like Facebook and Twitter , and all these other concepts , would ever happen . "
Modern monsters
A new generation of so - called smartphones have revolutionised the mobile phone industry and changed the way people use them .
The technology in handsets has shifted in focus from voice calls to include other functions such as a portable media player , web browser and camera among others .
By cramming in a whole host of technologies , Mr Cooper believes operators and phone manufacturers have turned the handheld phone into a " monstrosity " .
Mr Cooper believes smartphones will become chips to implant behind the ear " The instruction book is now bigger and heavier than the phone itself , " he said .
" Good technology is intuitive - the cellphone forces you to become an engineer . "
But he still enjoys trying out the latest smartphones , because he wants to understand the innovations happening in the phone market .
" You have to immerse yourself into a product and use it in order to really understand it and that 's why I have a new cellphone every month or two . "
' Slave ' implant
As mobile phones go to a fourth generation , with new features in each update , the inventor of the handheld phone said the handset of the future should aim to improve a user 's quality of life .
" Technology makes your life better , more convenient , safer , educates you , entertains you , and mostly makes you more productive , " said Mr Cooper .
" The future of cellular telephony is to make people 's lives better - the most important way , in my view , will be the opportunity to revolutionise healthcare , " he added .
" We could not have predicted the annoyance that people have when the phone rings at the opera , but it does n't take a cellular phone to make people be rude . "
In terms of the physical development of mobile phones , which have already shrunk from the size of a brick , he believes future users will be able to dispense altogether with the device .
" The cellphone in the long range is going to be embedded under your skin behind your ear along with a very powerful computer who is in effect your slave " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ The policy was made by the president .
No one knows how this decision was made . ”
This was the comically honest response of Ken Warner , dean of the School of Public Health , to the question of who proposed the campus - wide smoking ban , according to The Michigan Daily .
It ’s clear , then , that University President Mary Sue Coleman is the architect of the Smoke - Free Initiative , which will take effect in July of 2011 .
The initiative will prohibit smoking on all outdoor University property .
Coleman and University administrators have been embarrassingly vague about why such a ban is necessary .
Instead , they keep insisting that the smoking ban will improve public health .
Interestingly enough , the smoking ban may also improve Coleman ’s salary .
That ’s because Coleman is n’t just a college president .
In her spare time , she moonlights as a businesswoman , sitting on the board of directors for major pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson , as well as the Meredith Corporation , a magazine publisher .
According to Forbes.com , her position at Johnson & Johnson netted her an income of $ 229,000 last year .
Among Johnson & Johnson ’s many marketed brands are smoking cessation products like Nicorette and Nicoderm — products that University smokers will feel encouraged to use once smoking becomes unwelcome on campus in July 2011 .
Indeed , administrators have already announced that smoking cessation products may be offered at discounted prices to students who are trying to quit .
Obviously , this is a sizeable conflict of interest for Coleman .
Even if her Johnson & Johnson salary did n’t actively influence her decision to ban smoking , it makes it substantially harder to take her at her word that the University needs this ban — especially when representatives of her administration can’t come up with a specific reason for it .
But Coleman ’s corporate troubles run deeper than this .
As the University ’s College Libertarians pointed out in a press release this weekend , Johnson & Johnson has an affiliated non-profit group , the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , which lobbies for the adoption of certain health - related policies through research and grant money .
RWJF is notoriously anti-smoking , as its website explains : “ At the state and community level , we support advocacy for proven tobacco control measures , such as smoke - free air laws , funding of prevention and cessation programs and increases in tobacco taxes . ”
While it ’s no surprise that RWJF would fight for laws that restrict smoking and lead to increased use of Johnson & Johnson products , such an aggressive lobbying force should not hold financial sway over the president of a public university .
Students , faculty and staff must be able to trust that their president is working in the best interests of the University community , not a profit - motivated corporation .
Even the perception of a conflict of interest is embarrassing for this institution .
Seen in this light , some of Coleman ’s other policy positions make more sense , too .
She has adamantly refused to sign the Amethyst Initiative , a petition asking Congress to take up the issue of whether the current drinking age should be lowered in accordance with mounting evidence in favor of such a change .
Though 135 college presidents have signed the initiative , Coleman wo n't — a baffling position , since the initiative only calls for a discussion , not a change .
As the president of a research university , Coleman can’t actually believe that the current drinking age is a matter that should n’t even be debated .
But in addition to its anti-smoking policies , RWJF has been accused by the Center for Consumer Freedom of holding attitudes toward alcohol consumption that are borderline prohibitionist .
Among its policy positions , RWJF intransigently supports keeping the drinking age at 21 .
Coleman ’s seemingly baseless opposition to the Amethyst Initiative makes a lot more sense if it ’s because she has corporate overlords at J & J breathing down her neck .
Coleman ’s situation , then , is a fundamental betrayal of the values of a public university — whether she ’s being influenced or not .
She should demonstrate that her true commitment is to the integrity of the University and resign her corporate positions , donate her salaries or , at the very least , reverse the upcoming smoking ban .
And when Ladies ’ Home Journal – published by the Meredith Corporation , which paid Coleman $ 137,000 last year – becomes required reading in English 125 classes , that ’s when we ’ll really know Coleman ’s corporate ties are influencing her .
Robert Soave was the Daily 's editorial page editor in 2009 .
He can be reached at rsoave@umich.edu .
( CNN ) -- A 6.4 - magnitude earthquake jolted southern Taiwan on Thursday morning , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
There were no immediate reports of injuries or deaths but some damage has occurred to buildings and major bridges , and power was cut off near the epicenter .
The quake struck at about 8:20 a.m. ( 7:20 p.m. Wednesday ET ) in a mountainous region about 25 miles northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast , and 40 miles east of Tainan and Kaohsiung on the southwest coast .
The region , which includes Maolin National Scenic Area , is recovering from a direct hit by Typhoon Morakot that killed hundreds in August .
The typhoon dumped more than two feet of rain , causing serious mudslides in the south , including one that buried the village of Shiao Lin under 50 feet of mud .
Thursday 's quake was followed by several aftershocks , the largest reaching 4.8 .
The initial 6.4 quake rumbled to the surface from 14 miles deep .
Were you there ?
Did you feel it ?
The Taiwan Ministry of Interior and the National Fire Agency said electricity was cut off near the epicenter but had no further information .
Residents in southern Taiwan reported cracks in some buildings and major bridges .
Train service was also disrupted in some areas , Taiwanese media reported .
Albert Yu , communications manager of the humanitarian organization World Vision , told CNN he was about halfway through a 90 - minute trip via high - speed train from Taipei to Tainan when the quake struck .
Passengers did not feel the quake , he said , but operators stopped the train and announced what had happened .
More than an hour later , the train had not resumed its journey .
" The operator is examining the train and the tracks , " he said , adding that there was a concern about the stability of the area , particularly after the typhoon .
" Inside the train , people are calm and are waiting it out -- opening laptops , starting to work and chatting with people around them . "
Yu said World Vision " has already been on high alert responding to the quakes in Haiti and Chile , so we 're closely monitoring reports in the earthquake in southern Taiwan . "
Residents in the capital Taipei , 155 miles to the north , also felt the shaking .
Earthquakes are not uncommon in the 13,892 - square - mile island -- about the size of the U.S. states of Maryland and Delaware combined -- which sits across the juncture of the Eurasian and Philippine tectonic plates .
A 6.4 - magnitude earthquake struck the same general region in December .
The island took a double hit on December 26 , 2006 , when earthquakes of 7.1 and 6.9 magnitude hit eight minutes apart .
The largest recorded quake to strike Taiwan was an 8.0 - magnitude quake in 1920 , but the worst earthquake disaster stemmed from a 7.1 - magnitude quake in 1935 that killed more than 3,200 people -- followed by a 6.5 - magnitude quake that killed more than 2,700 people three months later .
More recently , a 7.6 - magnitude earthquake killed more than 2,400 people in 1999 .
CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report
The IPL 's 2010 season will be broadcast live on YouTube , following an arrangement between the league and Google , owners of the internet channel .
The deal - under which all 60 games will be shown live or on a short delay on a dedicated YouTube channel - will apply across the world , except in the USA , which will have re-broadcast options .
The agreement gives Google exclusive online rights for IPL content for two years , with both parties sharing revenues from sponsorships and advertising .
The press release does not specify whether the service will be on a subscription basis - content on YouTube is largely free to watch - but Lalit Modi , the IPL commissioner , indicated in a media interview that it would be free .
The most significant aspect of the deal is the amount of control it gives the viewers , who will be able to customise their viewing experience by choosing between different camera angles .
Additionally they will be able to freeze , fast - forward and rewind the feed , as well as watch replays at any time during the day , a choice that is unavailable to television viewers who are bound by broadcast schedules .
The move is expected to give the IPL access to global markets , especially those where it does not have arrangements for live telecast .
That includes the UK , where the rights were originally sold to the now - defunct Setanta and have not been re-sold - and where the internet will now be the sole medium for fans to watch the IPL .
This will be the first such deal in the cricket world , though in 2008 the International Olympic Committee had hosted highlights of the Beijing Games in countries that did n't receive any telecast .
" This changes the world of sports broadcasting .
The internet has changed the lives of everyone and this will do the same for sport , " Modi told the Daily Telegraph .
" We are now taking our event truly global for the first time .
Google gives us access to 500 million pairs of eyes every single moment of the day .
There are a few countries where the feed will be near as live which means there will be a delay of only a few minutes , but most places will be able to see live streaming of the action .
" We do not have a live feed in the UK .
People in the UK keep asking me why they can't see it .
Now if they have a broadband connection they can get it for free .
It is about broadening the fan base , after that everything follows , " Modi said .
" We are thrilled to have the IPL as our global partner , " said Shailesh Rao , a senior manager of Google India .
" You Tube offers an open platform for sports and entertainment companies to take their content to a global audience and a great opportunity for advertisers . "
listen .
all you idiots who are telling this poor child that it is unhealthy ... do you not want them to have white teeth ?
is that it ?
THIS IS HEALTHY !
You aren t going to harm your teeth from this process and it will make your teeth look super white !
plus if you have red paint you can do your lips as well .
for a glossy finish just add lacquer .
And finally , I would definitely recommend , that if you want better smelling breath , just take a bite out of your deodorant each day , and it should last between 24 - 48 hours , plus your mouth won t sweat so that s an added bonus .
If you just try all these things your appearance will improve !
throw those health " rumors " out the door and try this .
The two American lawyers who were illegally wiretapped by the Bush administration asked a federal judge Friday to order the government to pay $ 612,000 in damages , plus legal fees for their attorneys .
The demand ( .pdf ) comes two weeks after U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker said the former administration wiretapped the lawyers ' telephone conversations ( . pdf ) without a warrant , in violation of federal law .
It was the first ruling addressing how Bush 's once - secret NSA spy program , adopted in the wake of the 9/11 terror attacks , was carried out against American citizens .
Other lawsuits considered the program 's overall constitutionality – absent any evidence of specific eavesdropping – and were dismissed .
The government in 2004 was intercepting the telephone communications of lawyers Wendell Belew and Asim Ghafoor .
They were counsel to a Saudi charity , the Al - Haramain Islamic Foundation , which the government has declared a terror organization .
They learned of the eavesdropping after the government erroneously sent them records .
Both the Bush and the Obama administrations declared those records state secrets , so the documents were removed from the case .
Walker allowed the case to proceed , based on other evidence of eavesdropping ( .pdf ) .
The lawyers are seeking $ 204,000 each , in addition to $ 204,000 for the charity , whose U.S. assets are frozen because of its terror designation .
Judge Walker did not immediately rule on the request .
Under Bush ’s so - called Terrorist Surveillance Program , which * The New York Times * disclosed in December 2005 , the NSA was eavesdropping on Americans ’ telephone calls without warrants if the government believed the person on the other line was overseas and associated with terrorism .
Congress , with the vote of Barack Obama — who was a U.S. senator from Illinois at the time — subsequently authorized such warrantless spying in the summer of 2008 .
The legislation also provided the nation ’s telecommunication companies immunity from lawsuits accusing them of being complicit with the Bush administration in illegal wiretapping .
Photo : wintersoul1 / flickr
See Also :
‘ Style to be good must be clear .
Clearness is secured by using words that are current and ordinary . ’
Aristotle
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration : Jakob Hinrichs
a or an before H ?
Use an before a silent H : an heir , an hour , an honest politician , an honorary consul ; use a before an aspirated H : a hero , a hotel , a historian ( but do n’t change a direct quote if the speaker says , for example , “ an historic ” ) .
With abbreviations , be guided by pronunciation : eg an LSE student
A *
( A - level and GCSE ) not A - star
A&E
accident and emergency ; in the US , it ’s ER ( emergency room )
abattoir
abbeys
take initial cap , eg Westminster Abbey
Abbottabad
city in Pakistan where Osama bin Laden lived and died
abbreviations and acronyms
Do not use full points in abbreviations , or spaces between initials , including those in proper names : IMF , mph , eg , 4 am , M&S , No 10 , AN Wilson , WH Smith , etc .
Use all capitals if an abbreviation is pronounced as the individual letters ( an initialism ) : BBC , CEO , US , VAT , etc ; if it is an acronym ( pronounced as a word ) spell out with initial capital , eg Nasa , Nato , Unicef , unless it can be considered to have entered the language as an everyday word , such as awol , laser and , more recently , asbo , pin number and sim card .
Note that pdf and plc are lowercase .
If an abbreviation or acronym is to be used more than once in a piece , put it in brackets at first mention : so Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) , seasonal affective disorder ( Sad ) ; alternatively , use the abbreviation with a brief description , eg the conservation charity the RSPB .
Remember that our international online readership will not necessarily be aware of even well - known UK abbreviations .
If an organisation is mentioned only once , it is not necessary to give its abbreviation or acronym .
Cap up single letters in such expressions as C - list , F - word , “ the word assassin contains four Ss ” , etc
abdicate
renounce high office
abnegate
renounce privileges , deny oneself
abrogate
repeal , abolish
arrogate
take or claim ( something ) for oneself without justification
abjure
renounce
adjure
urge
aborigines , aboriginal
for indigenous populations other than in Australia , where the traditional term “ Aborigine ” is outdated and offensive to many ; the preferred term is Indigenous Australians , for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people
abortion
use pro-choice , not pro-abortion ; and use anti-abortion , not pro-life .
Anti-choice can be used when talking about opposition to all reproductive rights , including abortion , birth control , family planning etc .
In reference to US legislation , six - week abortion ban is preferable to foetal heartbeat bill , unless quoting someone talking about the “ heartbeat bill ”
abscess
absorb
but absorption
abuse
see individual entries on child sexual abuse , domestic abuse / family abuse and sexual abuse
abysmal
abyss
Academy Awards
or Oscars
individual awards are lowercase , eg best actor award , Oscar for best picture
After first mention , abbreviate the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to the Academy
a cappella
Italian for “ in the style of the church ” , ie unaccompanied singing
Acas
the Advisory , Conciliation and Arbitration Service , at first mention ; thereafter just Acas
accents
Use on French , German , Portuguese , Spanish and Irish Gaelic words ( but not anglicised French words such as cafe , apart from exposé , lamé , résumé , roué ) .
People ’s names , in whatever language , should also be given appropriate accents where known .
Thus : “ Arsène Wenger was on holiday in Bogotá with Rafa Benítez ”
Accenture
formerly Andersen Consulting ; the new name was devised by an employee from “ accent on the future ”
access
has been known as contact since the 1989 Children Act
accommodate , accommodation
accordion
not accordian
achilles heel , achilles tendon
acknowledgment
not acknowledgement
acres
Use hectares , with acres in brackets , rounded up : eg the field measured 25 hectares ( 62 acres ) .
You multiply hectares by 2.47 to convert to acres , or acres by 0.4 to convert to hectares
acronyms
See Abbreviations and acronyms
act
uc when using full name , eg Criminal Justice Act 1998 , Official Secrets Act ; but lc on second reference , eg “ the act ” , and when speaking in more general terms , eg “ we need a radical freedom of information act ” ; bills remain lc until passed into law
Action on Hearing Loss
formerly known as the Royal National Institute for Deaf People ( RNID )
actor
Use for both male and female actors ; do not use actress except when in name of award , eg Oscar for best actress .
The Guardian ’s view is that actress comes into the same category as authoress , comedienne , manageress , “ lady doctor ” , “ male nurse ” and similar obsolete terms that date from a time when professions were largely the preserve of one sex ( usually men ) .
As Whoopi Goldberg put it in an interview with the paper : “ An actress can only play a woman .
I ’m an actor – I can play anything . ”
There is normally no need to differentiate between the sexes – and if there is , the words male and female are perfectly adequate : Lady Gaga won a Brit in 2010 for best international female artist , not artiste , chanteuse , or songstress .
As always , use common sense : a piece about the late film director Carlo Ponti was edited to say that in his early career he was “ already a man with a good eye for pretty actors ... ”
As the readers ’ editor pointed out in the subsequent clarification : “ This was one of those occasions when the word ‘ actresses ’ might have been used ”
AD , BC
AD goes before the date ( AD64 ) , BC goes after ( 300 BC ) ; both go after the century , eg second century AD , fourth century BC
adaptation
not adaption
adapter
someone who adapts ; adaptor plug
adblocker , adblocking
addendum
plural addendums
Latinate -um neuter endings that are a part of the language ( eg stadium ) take an -s plural .
Exceptions : bacteria , which retain the Latin plural and take a plural verb , as do media , but note that spiritualists are mediums
addresses
like this : 90 York Way , London N1 9GU
Adidas
initial cap , although adidas is lc in the company logo
administration
the Obama administration , etc
admissible , inadmissible
not - able
admit
Take care – as a reader put it when we referred to Tory MPs who “ admitted ” being gay : “ Admit in modern English is almost exclusively used when conceding or confessing something negative and / or of which one is or should be ashamed .
Please be more careful .
Language can offend . ” Quite .
The former Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee urged reporters not to “ hide their biases and emotions behind subtly pejorative words ” such as admit
adoption
Mention that children are adopted only when relevant to the story : a reader points out that “ explicitly calling attention to adoptions in this way suggests that adoption is not as good , and not as real a relationship , as having a child normally ” .
So say biological father , biological family rather than “ real father ” , “ real family ” , etc
Adrenalin
TM ; a brand of adrenaline
adrenaline
hormone that increases heart rate and blood pressure , extracted from animals or synthesised for medical uses
advance bookings
rather than “ advanced bookings ” .
Or you could just say “ bookings ”
Advent calendar
adverbs
Most adverbial phrases do not need hyphens .
Never use them after adverbs ending in - ly , eg constantly evolving newspaper , genetically modified food , hotly disputed penalty , wholly owned subsidiary .
For adverbs that do not end in - ly , use hyphens only when there would be a possibility of ambiguity without one , eg an ill - prepared speech .
But phrases such as ever forgiving , near fatal , now defunct , once popular , etc do not need hyphens .
Exceptions : much and well when used before a noun , eg a much - loved character ( but a character who is much loved ) , a well - founded suspicion ( a suspicion that is well founded ) , etc
adverse
unfavourable ; averse reluctant
“ He was averse to crossing the Irish Sea in such adverse conditions ”
adviser
not advisor
advocate
member of the Scottish bar ( not a barrister )
aeroplane
in UK ; airplane in US ; plane works well anywhere
affect / effect
exhortations in the style guide had no effect ( noun ) on the number of mistakes ; the level of mistakes was not affected ( verb ) by exhortations in the style guide ; we hope to effect ( verb ) a change in this
affidavit
a written declaration made on oath , so “ sworn affidavit ” is tautologous
affinity
with or between , not to or for
afghan
hound
Afghans
people
afghani
currency of Afghanistan
aficionado
plural aficionados
Africa
is a continent made up of more than 50 countries .
When writing about people from those countries be sure to locate them precisely in their town , city , country etc .
Avoid simply saying they are African or from Africa
African American
African - Caribbean
not Afro-Caribbean
Afrikaans
language
Afrikaner
person
Afrikander
cattle breed
afro
hairstyle
Afrobeat or Afrobeats ?
these are distinct music genres which often get mixed up .
The first was pioneered by Fela Kuti in the 1960s and is a mix of west African musical styles , such as fuji music and highlife , with American funk and jazz ; the second is an umbrella term for 21st - century west African pop music , combining Ghanaian and Nigerian pop music with western rap influences .
afterlife , aftermath
ageing
ages
David Cameron , 49 ( not “ aged 49 ” ) ; Freddie Bawden Marsh , four .
a 62 - year - old man ; a 62 - year - old ; 62 years old .
the woman was in her 20s ( but twentysomething , thirtysomething , etc )
agenda
plural in origin , but singular in use : “ agendum ” is simply not on anyone ’s agenda
Age UK
charity formed by the merger of Age Concern and Help the Aged in 2009
aggravate
Using this word to mean annoy , rather than make worse , really aggravates some people .
Good .
Both meanings have been around for more than 400 years , and there is no good reason why both should not be acceptable now .
She only wanted to threaten him and aggravate him ...
Wilkie Collins , The Woman in White ( 1860 )
AggregateIQ
aggro
abbreviation of aggravation , and spelt thus despite the once popular terrace chant “ A , G , A - G - R , A - G - R - O : agro ! ”
AGM
a-ha
band from Norway ; A - ha !
Alan Partridge catchphrase , quoting Abba ’s Knowing Me , Knowing You
ahead of
overused , and often jars ( “ Why else would they hurriedly concoct their own ‘ Confucius peace prize ’ , a day ahead of the ceremony in Oslo ? ” appeared in a leading article ) ; before ( which should have been used in this case ) or in advance of are among the alternatives .
The Press Association reported : “ Hundreds gathered outside Lichfield Cathedral to witness the arrival of a horse - drawn carriage ahead of Stephen ’s body ahead of his funeral ”
aide - de-camp
plural aides - de- camp ( aide is a noun )
aide - memoire
plural aide - memoires ( aide is a verb )
Aids
acquired immune deficiency syndrome , but normally no need to spell out .
Do not use such terms as “ Aids victims ” or someone “ suffering from Aids ” , language that in the words of one reader is “ crass , inaccurate and reinforces stigma ” , implying helplessness and inviting pity ; “ people with Aids ” or “ living with Aids ” are preferable .
Do not use the term “ full - blown Aids ” .
Unesco guidelines state : “ This term implies that there are varying stages of Aids ... People have Aids only when they present with an Aids - defining illness ”
airbase , aircraft , aircrew , airdrop , airfield , airlift , airmail , airshow , airspace , airstrike , airstrip , airtime
air fare , air force , air raid
aircraft carrier
aircraft designations
usually with hyphens after initials , eg B - 52 , MiG - 23
Air Force One
US president ’s jet
air hostess
cabin attendant or flight attendant , please
airports
Heathrow , Gatwick , Stansted ( normally no need to say airport ) ; Liverpool John Lennon airport , Schiphol airport , etc
air vice - marshal
AKA
also known as
akimbo
See arms akimbo
al -
( note lc and hyphen ) before an Arabic name means “ the ” so try to avoid writing “ the al- ... ” where possible
See Arabic names
al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigade
al - Aqsa mosque
not the Aqsa mosque , or the al - Aqsa mosque
Alastair or Alistair ?
Alastair Campbell ( spin doctor )
Alastair Cook ( cricketer )
Alastair Hetherington ( late Guardian editor )
Alastair Stewart ( broadcaster )
Alistair Cooke ( late BBC and Guardian journalist )
Alistair Darling ( politician )
Alistair MacLean ( late novelist )
Alistair McGowan ( impressionist )
Aleister Crowley ( late satanist )
Albinism
Avoid referring to people with albinism as albinos , instead say “ a man with albinism ” or “ Jane Doe , who has albinism ”
Albright , Madeleine
former US secretary of state
Alcott , Louisa May
( 1832 - 88 ) American author of Little Women
A - levels
Al Fayed , Mohamed
former owner of Harrods and Fulham FC ( Fayed after first mention ; Mr Fayed if honorific is needed ) ; the son who died in Paris in 1997 was Dodi Fayed
Alfonsín , Raúl
( 1927-2009 ) president of Argentina from 1983 - 89
alfresco
algae
plural of alga
Ali , Muhammad
was Cassius Clay until 1964
alibi
being somewhere else ; not synonymous with excuse
alice band
as worn by Alice in Lewis Carroll ’s Through the Looking - Glass , and What Alice Found There ( 1871 ) and more recently David Beckham
Alice books
Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland , by Lewis Carroll ( Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) , was published in 1865 ; its sequel , which followed six years later , is called Through the Looking - Glass , and What Alice Found There .
Note that they are not called “ Alice in Wonderland ” and “ Alice Through the Looking - Glass ”
A -list
etc , but to refer to “ C - list celebrities ” and its variations has become tedious .
An edition of G2 referred to “ D - list celebrities ” and , less than hilariously , in a separate piece about the same reality TV show , “ Z - list celebrities ”
Al Jazeera
alkyl nitrite
not nitrate ; commonly known as poppers
Allah
Arabic for “ the God ” .
Both words refer to the same concept : there is no major difference between God in the Old Testament and Allah in Islam .
Therefore it makes sense to talk about “ God ” in an Islamic context and to use “ Allah ” in quotations or for literary effect
Allahu Akbar
“ God is greatest ”
Allawi , Ayad
Iraqi politician
Allende , Isabel
Chilean author ; her father was a cousin of Salvador Allende
Allende , Salvador
Chilean president , overthrown and killed in 1973
allies
second world war allies , the allied invasion , etc
all mouth and trousers
not “ all mouth and no trousers ”
all right
has traditionally been regarded as right , and alright as not all right ( although the 1965 Who song , much loved by generations of headline writers and still widely quoted today , was The Kids are Alright ) .
Kingsley Amis in The King ’s English said alright was “ gross , crass , coarse and to be avoided ” but admitted this was “ a rule without a reason ” .
Note , however , the difference between “ she got the answers all right ” and “ she got the answers , alright ! ”
All Souls College
Oxford , no apostrophe
all together
as one united body : “ We are all in it together ”
altogether
completely , totally : “ That ’s an altogether different matter ”
“ alt - right ”
use once and in quotes at first mention ; use far right at any subsequent mentions .
Note : far right ( noun ) and far - right ( adjective ) .
More specific descriptions can be used where relevant when mentioning individuals associated with the movement , but such descriptions should be evidence - based .
al - Maliki , Nouri
( not Nuri ) became prime minister of Iraq in 2006
Almo
arm ’s - length management organisation
Almodóvar , Pedro
Spanish film - maker
alpha male
al - Qaida
it means “ the base ”
al - Quds
force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps ; not Quds , Qods
al - Sadr , Moqtada
creator of the Mahdi army , or as the magazine Red Pepper described it : “ Moqtada al - Sadr ’s not - so - barmy army ”
alsatian
dog
Alsatian
person from Alsace
al - Shabaab
Islamist insurgency group in Somalia ; it means “ the youth ” .
Singular , not plural
also
often redundant
Alta Vista
alter ego
not “ altar ego ” , as we have been known to spell it
alternative
normally a choice between two courses of action ; if there are more than two , option or choice may be preferred ; beware the trend to use “ alternate ” instead of alternative : in a piece about French politics we wrote “ in this juddering alternate reality … ”
alumnus
plural alumni , or alumnae for all - female institutions ; in the UK graduate is preferable
al - Zaidi , Muntazer
Iraqi journalist who served a jail sentence for throwing his shoes at the then US president , George Bush
Alzheimer ’s disease
AM ( assembly member )
member of the Welsh assembly
Amazon
normally no need for com or co.uk
Amazon Prime
Amazon Prime Video
for the TV package
ambassador
lc , eg the British ambassador to Washington ; “ ambassador , you are spoiling us ” has become a headline cliche
ambience
not ambiance
ambiguity
a common problem in headlines when the subject is omitted from the past tense of a verb , as in this example from the paper :
Westworld extras allegedly asked to participate in ‘ graphic sexual situations ’
Did they allegedly ask , or were they allegedly asked ?
A simple “ were ” before “ asked ” would have fixed this .
Similarly :
Labour warned of financial crash ( did someone warn Labour of an impending crash , or did Labour warn someone else ? )
Tories paid millions to avoid tax
Here not only does the reader have to ask whether the Tories paid millions or were paid millions , but also whether they paid millions of pounds or millions of people , and whether the Tories ’ aim was to avoid tax or to enable the millions to avoid tax .
This is very poor editing
ambulance services
These are NHS trusts , so lc for everything that is generic , eg London ambulance service , East of England ambulance service , South East Coast ambulance service
amendments
to the US constitution like this : fifth amendment , 18th amendment , etc
America , Americans
the country is generally the United States or US , although its citizens are Americans ; we should remember that America includes all of North , Central and South America
“ America first ”
A phrase denounced by the Anti-Defamation League for its links to 1940s Nazi sympathisers
American Civil Liberties Union
not American Civil Rights Union
American English
Follow US spellings for proper nouns , eg Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Department of Defense , Labor Day , One World Trade Center , Ann Arbor , Pearl Harbor , World Health Organization
American universities
Take care : “ University of X ” is not the same as “ X University ” ; most states have two large public universities , eg University of Kentucky and Kentucky State University , University of Illinois and Illinois State University , etc .
Do not call Johns Hopkins University “ John Hopkins ” or Stanford University “ Stamford ”
America ’s Cup
sailing trophy named after the schooner America , its first winner
Amhrán na bhFiann
Irish national anthem
Amicus
trade union formed by a merger between the AEEU and MSF , now part of Unite after a further merger with the TGWU
amid
not amidst .
“ James warned , however , that the second half of the year was likely to prove more challenging overall amid a weak consumer backdrop . ”
Things fall against a backdrop , not amid one .
If something is amid the backdrop , it ’s part of it , and thus completely unremarkable .
Some cliches make the news sound tired ; this one makes the news sound as if it ’s not news at all
amok
not amuck
among
not amongst
among or between ?
Whatever you may have been told , between is not limited to two parties .
It is appropriate when the relationship is essentially reciprocal : fighting between the many peoples of Yugoslavia , treaties between European countries , etc ; among belongs to distributive relationships : shared among , etc
amount or number ?
amount refers to a quantity , number to something that can be counted , eg an enormous amount of energy was exerted by a small number of people
ampersand
Use in company names when the company does : Johnson & Johnson , Marks & Spencer , P&O , etc
anaesthetic
analysis
plural analyses
anarchism
A political philosophy that advocates stateless societies , holding the state to be undesirable , unnecessary and harmful .
The term “ anarchist ” is bandied about carelessly , often used by politicians and the media to denigrate opponents of the status quo , and should be used with care ; “ self - styled anarchist ” should be avoided altogether
ancestors
precede descendants ; we frequently manage to get them the wrong way round
and / or
This is horrible .
Make your mind up and say either “ and ” or “ or ” – whichever is more appropriate .
The same applies to the phrase “ if and when ”
Andalucía
Anderson shelter
not Andersen
… And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead
Angkor Wat
Angkor
Wat is only one of the 100 or so temples of Angkor , albeit the best known ( “ wat ” means temple )
anglicise , anglophile , anglophone
animals
pronoun “ it ” unless gender established
annex
verb ; annexe noun ; I am going to annex the annexe for the afternoon
anniversaries
first anniversary , 10th anniversary etc ; not one - year anniversary , 10 - year anniversary .
There is no such thing as a six - month anniversary .
anorexic
is not a superlative of thin .
Anorexia is an illness .
Like schizophrenia , it should not be used as a cheap and lazy metaphor .
Anyone who thinks of using a phrase such as “ positively anorexic ” should think again
Ansaphone
TM ; use answering machine or answerphone
antenatal
antenna
( insect ) plural antennae ; ( radio ) plural antennas
anti-ballistic missile treaty
antichrist
anticipate
Purists say this should not be used to mean expect , but expressions like “ they did not anticipate any trouble ” are now normal usage
anticlimax
antidepressants
antidisestablishmentarianism
position adopted by those opposed to the disestablishment of the Church of England .
Not a good headline word
antihero
antimalarial
antipodean , antipodes
terms
Australians themselves rarely use ; avoid
antisemitic , antisemitism
no hyphen : it does not mean “ anti-Semitic ”
antisocial
anti-vaxxer
a person who is opposed to vaccinations
anti-war
any more
Please do not say “ anymore ” any more
apex
plural apexes
apostrofly
“ an insect that lands at random on the printed page , depositing an apostrophe wherever it lands ” according to the Guardian ’s former readers ’ editor
apostrophes
used to indicate a missing letter or letters ( can’t , we ’d ) or a possessive ( David ’s book ) .
Do n’t let anyone tell you that apostrophes do n’t matter and we would be better off without them .
Consider these four phrases , each of which means something different :
my sister ’s friend ’s books ( refers to one sister and her friend ) .
my sister ’s friends ’ books ( one sister with lots of friends ) .
my sisters ’ friend ’s books ( more than one sister , and their friend ) .
my sisters ’ friends ’ books ( more than one sister , and their friends ) .
The possessive in words and names ending in S normally takes an apostrophe followed by a second S ( Jones ’s , James ’s ) , but be guided by pronunciation and use the plural apostrophe where it helps : Mephistopheles ’ , Waters ’ , Hedges ’ rather than Mephistopheles ’s , Waters ’s , Hedges’s .
Plural nouns that do not end in S take an apostrophe and S in the possessive : children ’s games , old folk ’s home , people ’s republic , etc .
Phrases such as butcher ’s knife , collector ’s item , cow ’s milk , goat ’s cheese , pig ’s blood , hangman ’s noose , writer ’s cramp , etc are treated as singular .
Use apostrophes in phrases such as two days ’ time , 12 years ’ imprisonment and six weeks ’ holiday , where the time period ( two days ) modifies a noun ( time ) , but not in nine months pregnant or three weeks old , where the time period is adverbial ( modifying an adjective such as pregnant or old ) – if in doubt , test with a singular such as one day ’s time , one month pregnant .
Proper names that contain an apostrophe stay the same in the possessive : McDonald ’s burgers may be delicious but Sainsbury ’s are just as good .
Some shops use an apostrophe , wrongly , to indicate a plural ( “ pea ’s ” ) , but will generally omit the apostrophe when one is actually required ( “ new seasons asparagus ” ) , a phenomenon sometimes referred to as the greengrocer ’s ( or grocer ’s ) apostrophe .
Try to avoid this
app
an application for , typically , a mobile phone
appal
but as the Prince of Wales might say , it really is appalling
apparatchik
appeal
In British English you appeal against a decision , verdict , etc , you do not “ appeal the verdict ” .
After we reported on 9 June 2010 that a convicted murderer “ successfully appealed the sentence ” , a despairing reader wrote : “ This usage seems to be occurring more and more , sometimes even in headlines .
Do Guardian journalists not read the style guide ? ”
Not all of them , evidently
appendix
plural appendices
Apple
no longer Apple Computer
apples
lc : cox ’s orange pippin , golden delicious , granny smith , etc
appraise
to evaluate
apprise
to inform
April Fools ’
Day
also known , less commonly nowadays , as All Fools ’ Day ; an individual prank , or the victim of one , is an April fool , so you might say “ one of the greatest April fools was the Guardian ’s San Serriffe issue of 1977 – it made April fools of all who were taken in ”
apropos
Used most commonly to mean “ with regard to ” , it does not need a preposition , so “ apropos your question ... “ But note the idiomatic “ apropos of nothing ... “ which means something like “ changing the subject ” or “ incidentally ” .
Used to mean “ pertinent ” or “ relevant to ” , now rather rare , you might say “ the thought was apropos to this ” or , even more quaintly , “ the point was apropos ” .
The French idiom “ à propos de bottes ” ( “ with regard to boots ” ) , meaning without rhyme or reason , was used by , among others , George Orwell
aquarium
plural aquariums
Arab
Both a noun and an adjective , and the preferred adjective when referring to Arab things in general , eg Arab history , Arab traditions .
Arabic usually refers to the language and literature : “ the Arabic press ” means newspapers written in Arabic , while “ the Arab press ” would include newspapers produced by Arabs in other languages .
There is no simple definition of an Arab .
At an international level , the 22 members of the Arab League can safely be described as Arab countries : Algeria , Bahrain , Comoros , Djibouti , Egypt , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Lebanon , Libya , Mauritania , Morocco , Oman , Palestine , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , Tunisia , United Arab Emirates , and Yemen .
At a human level , there are substantial groups within those countries – the Berbers of north Africa and the Kurds , for example – who do not regard themselves as Arabs .
Arabic names
Though Arabic has only three vowels – a , i and u – it has several consonants that have no equivalent in the Roman alphabet .
For instance , there are two kinds of s , d and t .
There are also two glottal sounds .
This means there are dozens of ways of writing the former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi ’s name in English , and a reasonable argument can be made for adopting almost any of them .
With no standard approach to transliteration agreed by the western media , we must try to balance consistency , comprehensibility and familiarity – which often puts a strain on all three .
Typically , Arabs have at least three names .
In some cases the first or second name may be the one that is most used , and this does not imply familiarity ( Arabs often address foreigners politely as “ Mr John ” or “ Dr David ” ) .
Often Arabs also have familiar names that have no connection with the names on their identity cards : a man might become known after the birth of his first son as “ Abu Ahmad ” , and a woman as “ Umm Ahmad ” , the father or mother of Ahmad ( eg the Palestinian leader Ahmed Qureia is commonly known as Abu Ala ) .
Where a particular spelling has become widely accepted through usage we should retain it .
Where an individual with links to the west has clearly adopted a particular spelling of his or her own name , we should respect that .
For breaking news and stories using names for which we have no established style , we take the lead given by Reuters wire copy .
Note also that names in some parts of the Arab world have become gallicised , while others have become anglicised , eg the leading Egyptian film director Youssef Chahine uses a French spelling instead of the English transliteration , Shaheen .
Some guidelines ( for use particularly where there is no established transliteration )
al -
Means “ the ” .
In names it is not capitalised , eg Ahmad al - Saqqaf , and can be dropped after the first mention ( Mr Saqqaf ) .
For placenames we drop it altogether .
Sometimes it appears as as- or ash - or ad- or ul - : these should be ignored and can be safely rewritten as al- .
But some Arabs , including Syrians and Egyptians , prefer to use el- in place of al- .
Exceptions : by convention , Allah ( al - Lah , literally “ the God ” ) is written as one word and capitalised ; and in Saudi royal names , Al Saud is correct ( in this case , “ al ” is actually “ aal ” and does not mean “ the ” ) .
abdul , abu and bin
These are not self - contained names , but are connected to the name that follows : abdul means “ slave of … “ and so cannot correctly be used on its own .
There are standard combinations , “ slave of the merciful one ” , “ slave of the generous one ” , etc , which all indicate that the person is a servant of God .
In transliteration , “ abd ” ( slave ) is lowercase , eg Ahmad abd al - Rahman al - Saqqaf , except when used at the start of a name .
abu ( father of ) and bin ( son of ) are similar .
When they appear in the middle of a name they should be lower case and are used in combination with the following part of the name : Faisal abu Ahmad al - Saqqaf , Faisal bin Ahmad al - Saqqaf .
Despite the above , some people are actually known as “ Abdul ” .
This is more common among non-Arab Muslims .
And some Arabs run “ abd ” or “ abu ” into the following word , eg the writer Abdelrahman Munif .
Muhammad
Our style for the prophet ’s name and for most Muhammads living in Arab countries , though where someone ’s preferred spelling is known we respect it , eg Mohamed Al Fayed , Mohamed ElBaradei .
The spelling Mohammed ( or variants ) is considered archaic by most British Muslims , and disrespectful by many of them .
Muhandis / Mohandes , Qadi
Be wary of names where the first word is Muhandis or Qadi : these are honorary titles , meaning engineer and judge respectively
European surnames of Arabic origin
The guidelines above do not apply in examples such as the French labour minister , Myriam El Khomri .
She is French born and only has one surname , which appears on her birth certificate and passport , written in the Latin alphabet ; there is no other spelling .
So she should be referred to as Myriam El Khomri at first mention and El Khomri thereafter .
Similarly , the two 2016 Brussels airport suicide bombers , Ibrahim and Khalid El Bakraoui , were Belgian born .
The Belgian legal system and prosecutors refer to them by the surname El Bakraoui , and we should too
Arab spring
Aran Island
is off Co Donegal and the Aran Islands off Co Galway in western Ireland ; the Isle of Arran is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde in Scotland .
Aran sweaters , whether Irish or Scottish , come in lowercase with an initial cap A
arcane
esoteric ; archaic antiquated ( yes , we got them the wrong way round )
archbishops
It is not normally necessary to use their formal title , which for both Anglicans and Catholics is Most Rev : so Justin Welby , the archbishop of Canterbury , at first mention , thereafter Welby or the archbishop ( except in leading articles , where he is Mr Welby ) ; Vincent Nichols , the archbishop of Westminster , on first mention , subsequently Nichols or the archbishop
archdeacon
the Ven Paul Olive , archdeacon of Farringdon , at first mention ; thereafter Olive , or the archdeacon
archery
arrows are shot , rather than fired ; and if they hit the centre of the target , it is a gold rather than a bullseye
archetype or stereotype ?
An archetype is a perfect or typical specimen , an original model or pattern , or prototype .
A stereotype is based on simplistic generalisations about a particular group .
So the matriarch in a typical Woody Allen film might be described as a stereotypical , not archetypal , Jewish mother
archipelago
plural archipelagos
architect or designer ?
The title of architect is protected under UK law and should only be used to describe someone who is registered as such .
If someone works on building design but is not registered as an architect they are most likely to be called a designer , eg Thomas Heatherwick
arch - rival
an arch rival would mean something different
Ardoyne
( Belfast ) , not “ the Ardoyne ”
Argentina , Argentinian
arguably
unarguably one of the most overused words in the language
argyle sweater
Armageddon
armed forces , armed services
the army , the British army , the navy , but Royal Navy , Royal Air Force or RAF
armed forces ranks
Use as abbreviated below on first mention , then just surname , eg Col Tommy Smith , thereafter Smith .
Army : Gen , Lt Gen , Maj Gen , Brig , Col , Lt Col , Maj , Capt , Lt , 2Lt , OCdt , WOI , WOII , SSgt , CSgt , Sgt , CoH , L/ CoH , Cpl , Bdr , L / Cpl , L/ Bdr , Pte
Navy : Adm , V - Adm , R Adm , Capt , Cmdr , Lt Cmdr , Lt , SLt , Mid , OCdt , WOI , WOII , CPO , PO , LH , AB , Mne
RAF : Gp Capt , Wg Cmdr , Sqn Ldr , Flt Lt , Fg Off , Plt Off , MAcr , WO , Ft Sgt , Ch Tech , Sgt , Cpl , Jr Tech , L / Cpl , SAC , LAC , AC
Do not abbreviate : Field Marshal , Admiral of the Fleet , Commodore , Marshal of the RAF , Air Chief Marshal , Air Marshal , Air Vice - Marshal , Air Commodore
Armistice Day
but the armistice
arms akimbo
hands on hips , elbows out ; it is surprising how often the phrase “ legs akimbo ” turns up in the paper , “ suggesting that such a posture exists , but lacks a word to define it ” , as David McKie wrote .
The radical theatre group in the BBC TV comedy series The League of Gentlemen was called Legz Akimbo
around
about or approximately are better , eg “ about £ 1 m ” or “ approximately 2,000 people ”
around or round ?
We were driving around aimlessly all weekend ; it nearly drove me round the bend
arranged marriages
are a traditional and perfectly acceptable form of wedlock across southern Asia and within the Asian community in Britain ; they should not be confused with forced marriages , which are arranged without the consent of one or both partners , and have been widely criticised
arse
British English ; ass American English
arsing about
rather than arseing
art movements
are generally lowercase , eg art deco , art nouveau , cubism , dadaism , expressionism , gothic , impressionism , pop art , surrealism , etc , but note Bauhaus , Modern ( in the sense of Modern British , to distinguish it from “ modern art ” , pre-Raphaelite , Romantic ( to differentiate between a romantic painting and a Romantic painting )
artefact
artist
not artiste ( except , possibly , in a historical context )
Arts and Crafts movement
Arts Council England , Arts Council of Wales , Creative Scotland
as ... as
“ The hawthorn may be as old , if not older , than the stone tower of the windmill , ” which appeared in the paper , should have read : “ The hawthorn may be as old as , if not older than , the stone tower of the windmill . ”
A common error that is quite easy to spot if you try to read it without the phrase inside the commas : as old ... than ( wrong ) ; as old ... as ( right )
as or since ?
“ As ” is causal : I can not check the online style guide as the connection is down ; “ since ” is temporal : Luckily , I have had the latest edition of Guardian Style on my desk since it was published
asbo
antisocial behaviour order
ascendancy , ascendant
Asean
Association of Southeast ( sic ) Asian Nations
Ash
Action on Smoking and Health
Ashton , Catherine
The former EU foreign minister ( strictly “ high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy ” ) is Catherine Ashton at first mention , Lady Ashton at second mention , and thereafter simply Ashton
Ashura
a day of voluntary fasting for Muslims ; Shia Muslims also commemorate the martyrdom of Hussein , a grandson of the prophet , so for them it is not a festival but a day of mourning
Asio
Australian Security and Intelligence Service , the country ’s domestic counter - intelligence and security agency ( the equivalent of Britain ’s MI5 )
Asperger syndrome
is the proper name but it is acceptable to call it Asperger ’s for short .
Do not use such witticisms as “ Asperger - ish men ” , which had to be removed from our website
aspirin
al - Assad , Bashar
became president of Syria in 2000 after the death of his father , Hafez al - Assad
assassin , assassination
the murder of prominent political figures rather than , say , celebrities
assisted dying
is preferable to “ assisted suicide ”
astrologer , astrology
horoscopes
astronomer , astronomy
telescopes
astronomer royal
currently Lord Rees
Asunción
capital of Paraguay
asylum seeker
Someone seeking refugee status or humanitarian protection ; there is no such thing as an “ illegal asylum seeker ” , a term the Press Complaints Commission ruled in breach of its code of practice .
Refugees are people who have fled their home countries in fear for their lives , and may have been granted asylum under the 1951 refugee convention or qualify for humanitarian protection or discretionary leave , or have been granted exceptional leave to remain in Britain .
Someone who is refused asylum should be referred to as a refused asylum seeker , not a “ failed asylum seeker ” .
An asylum seeker can become an illegal immigrant only if he or she remains in Britain after having failed to respond to a removal notice
ATCU
Associated Train Crew Union ; not to be confused with ACTU , the Australian Council of Trade Unions
athletics
also known ( particularly in the US ) as track and field .
1500 m but 5,000 m ( the former is the “ fifteen hundred ” not “ one thousand five hundred ” metres )
Atlantic Ocean
or just the Atlantic
attache
no accent
attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
ADHD after first mention
Attlee , Clement
( 1883 -1967 ) Labour prime minister 1945 - 51 , often misspelt as Atlee
attorney general
lc , no hyphen ; plural attorneys general
auger
used to make holes
augur
predict or presage
Aum Shinrikyo
means Supreme Truth sect
Aung San Suu Kyi
Use her full name ( as with other Burmese names ) , even on second and subsequent mentions , in copy ; if absolutely necessary , Suu Kyi is permissible in headlines
Auntie
not Aunty if you must refer to the BBC in this way
au pair
Auschwitz
a Nazi death camp in German - occupied Poland , not a Polish death camp ( see entry on “ Polish death camps ” )
Australasia
Oceania is preferable .
See Oceania
Australian Labor party
not Labour
autism
Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder , not an illness .
Use only when referring to the condition , not as a term of abuse or in producing such witticisms as “ mindless moral autism ” and “ Star Wars is a form of male autism ” , both of which have appeared in the paper
autistic
someone with autism , not someone with poor social skills
autocorrect , autocomplete
but auto - predict
Autocue
TM ; teleprompter is a generic alternative
Auto - Tune
TM ; also Auto - Tuned , etc
autumn
autumn statement
AV
the alternative vote electoral system
avant garde
no hyphen
average , mean and median
Although we loosely refer to the “ average ” in many contexts ( eg pay ) , there are two useful averages worth distinguishing .
What is commonly known as the average is the mean : everyone ’s wages are added up and divided by the number of wage earners .
The median is described as “ the value below which 50 % of employees fall ” , ie it is the wage earned by the middle person when everyone ’s wages are lined up from smallest to largest .
( For even numbers there are two middle people , but you calculate the mean average of their two wages . )
The median is often a more useful guide than the mean , which can be distorted by figures at one extreme or the other
awaken
Say “ I woke up ” , “ I was woken up ” and so on because the forms starting with A are either considered wrong ( “ I was awoken ” ) or sound wrong ( “ I was awakened ” ) .
The US grammarian Bryan A Garner says : “ The past - tense and past - participial forms of ‘ wake ’ and its various siblings are perhaps the most vexing in the language . ”
Exception : Star Wars : Episode VII – The Force Awakens
awards and prizes
are generally lc , eg Guardian first book award , Nobel peace prize ( but note Academy Awards )
lc for categories , eg Colin Firth won the best actor Oscar , Chipmunk was voted best newcomer at the 2008 Mobos , etc
awol
stands for “ absent without leave ” but , having been around since at least the 1920s , has established itself as a word in its own right
awopbopaloobop alopbamboom
from Little Richard ’s Tutti Frutti ( 1955 ) , a recording that has been described as “ the sound of the birth of rock ’n’roll ”
axing
not axeing , but cutting jobs is less cliched than axing them
axis
plural axes
Ayers Rock
is now Uluru
Azerbaijan
noun , Azerbaijani adjective ; note that there are ethnic Azeris living in , for example , Armenia
Aznar , José María
former prime minister of Spain
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Task :
Use a single laser beam to display digital numbers .
Reflectius features sixty rotating mirrors that successively reflect a single laser beam at precise angles to draw numbers .
Demo for minutes and seconds
The body of the clock has a complex triangulated surface that reminds of the complicated trajectory the beam of light travels in no time .
It began with raids late last week on three city bars by officers with the state police 's Bureau of Liquor Control Enforcement .
In all , four officers walked into each of the three establishments and confiscated 300 bottles of beer - as well as three quarter - kegs - because they said the beers had not been registered with the state , as required by the liquor code .
March 1 , 2010 BBC NEWS
- The Chilean military is attempting to restore order in the country 's second city , Concepcion , amid looting after Saturday 's devastating earthquake .
One man was shot and killed and some 160 arrested as troops tried to stop the looting of food and other goods during an overnight curfew .
The death toll of 708 from the 8.8 - magnitude quake is expected to rise .
The United Nations has said it will rush aid deliveries to Chile after the government asked for help .
UN spokeswoman Elisabeth Byrs said Chile had requested field hospitals with surgery facilities , mobile bridges , communications equipment , kitchens , and disaster assessment and co-ordination teams .
In coastal towns and villages hit by giant waves after the earthquake , the scale of destruction is becoming clear .
AFP news agency quotes state television as saying more than 300 bodies were found in the fishing village of Constitucion alone .
In the port of Talcahuano , more than 20 boats were swept ashore and dumped in the streets by the waves .
Defence Minister Francisco Vidal has admitted the country 's navy made a mistake by not immediately issuing a tsunami warning after the earthquake , a move that could have helped coastal residents flee to higher ground sooner .
But , he added , an alarm sounded by port captains had saved hundreds , if not thousands , of lives .
' Social tension ' Many of Concepcion 's 500,000 inhabitants are short of food and have seen their water and electricity supplies cut off .
The army was called in to help the police force deal with looters , some of whom filled shopping trolleys full of groceries while others made off with plasma TVs and other electrical appliances .
The government said an overnight curfew imposed in some of the worst - hit areas was largely observed , despite a number of strong aftershocks .
At least 160 people were arrested in Concepcion and a 22 - year - old man was killed amid disturbances , police said .
Meanwhile , rescuers with heat detectors are hunting for dozens of people believed to be trapped in an apartment block toppled by the quake .
The city 's Mayor , Jacqueline van Rysselberghe , has warned there is the potential for severe " social tension " .
She said : " We need food for the population .
We are without supplies , and if we do n't resolve that we are going to have serious security problems .
" Regional military commander Guillermo Ramirez issued a warning to would - be looters .
" I would advise criminals not to mess with the armed forces .
Our response will be severe , but within the context of the law , " he said .
'Giant effort ' About two million Chileans are believed to have been affected by Saturday 's earthquake , the seventh most powerful on record and the worst disaster to befall Chile in 50 years .
President Michelle Bachelet , due to hand power to President - elect Sebastian Pinera on 11 March , said the air force was to begin flying in food and vital aid to badly - hit areas , some of which have been cut off by the quake .
"
We face a catastrophe of such unthinkable magnitude that it will require a giant effort , " she said .
Chile did not initially request foreign assistance , but Ms Bachelet has subsequently said some offers of aid would be accepted .
She said Chile needed field hospitals , temporary bridges , water purification plants , damage assessment experts and rescuers to relieve those already working to find survivors .
Emergency aid
The epicentre of the quake was 115 km ( 70 miles ) north - east of Concepcion and 325 km ( 202 miles ) south - west of the capital Santiago .
About 1.5 million homes in Chile have been damaged .
Most of the collapsed buildings were of older design - including many historic structures .
About 90 % of the historic centre of the town of Curico was destroyed .
Many roads and bridges across the affected area were damaged or destroyed .
One US risk assessor , Eqecat , has put the cost of repairing the damage at between $ 15bn and $ 30 bn ( £ 9.8 bn -£ 19.6bn ) or 10 - 20 % of gross domestic product .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would visit Santiago on Tuesday and meet Ms Bachelet and Mr Pinera , officials said .
The European Union has pledged 3 m euros ( $ 4 m ; £ 2.7 m ) in emergency aid for Chile .
Japan said it was providing an emergency grant of $ 3 m , as well as sending tents , generators , water cleaners and other emergency gear , while China has pledged $ 1 m .
It was a sign of the arrival of a new age of paranoia in the murky basement of American political life .
Last week an astonishing operation by the FBI and police broke up a rightwing anti-government Christian militia group , seemingly intent on sparking a revolution .
If that sounds far - fetched , do n't be fooled .
The anger that defines the feelings of a large swath of the American electorate in an age of bank bailouts , economic crises and Republican scare - mongering over " creeping socialism " has found fertile soil .
The extreme dangers were amply illustrated by exposure of the Hutaree militia , based in the small towns and deep woods of rural Michigan .
According to the indictment against them , they had been plotting for two years to kill police officers .
Their plans apparently involved an assassination , followed by a bomb attack on the funeral procession .
Their sick hopes were to spark a nationwide anti-government uprising .
It was a stark warning that the threat of terrorism from America 's rightwing subcultures is as dangerous as that from Islamic extremists .
Washington Post writer Eugene Robinson wondered if Americans were now living through a mirror - image of the 1960s .
Then it was the extreme left that boiled with rage and plotted to overthrow the government via groups such as the Weathermen .
" The danger of political violence in this country comes overwhelmingly from one direction – the right , not the left , " Robinson wrote .
Not that the leading conservative lights of the Republican party and the Tea Party movement would agree – or take any responsibility .
They continue to warn of the creeping role of government in the economy , dub Barack Obama a socialist ( or a fascist ) and speculate about the possibility of him being born abroad or a closet Muslim .
The Constitution itself , they warn , is under threat .
Nowhere are such thoughts more dangerously spread than by rightwing media pundits such as Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh .
Indeed ,
Beck plans to write a novel espousing many of his political beliefs .
His setting , according to the Philadelphia Daily News , is an America in turmoil where a citizens ' group , called the Founders Keepers , ends up fighting a civil war .
Beck , and his equally alarmist fellow travellers , should be careful what they wish for .
As the Hutaree were keen to show , some people are willing to take them at their word .
Tristan da Cunha
There is some subjectivity about which place is the most isolated , but the islands of Tristan da Cunha have one inarguable distinction :
They are the most remote inhabited place in the world , about 1,700 miles from Cape Town , the nearest inhabited land mass .
The South Atlantic group consists of four islands — Tristan , Nightingale , Gough and Inaccessible — but all 271 Tristanians live on Tristan ( perhaps owing to the island ’s remoteness , there are only seven surnames among them ) .
Visitors are welcome to Tristan , but new residents have to be approved by the Island Council .
“ Given that are no spare houses here , ” David Morley , Tristan da Cunha ’s administrator , said in an e-mail message , “ very little private sector activity / industry and very few available jobs , it would not be a straightforward matter for someone to come here to settle . ”
VIEWPOINT
Chris Butler - Stroud
Commercial and political interests are abusing historical whaling rights of indigenous people , says Chris Butler - Stroud .
In this week 's Green Room , he says that ambiguities in international regulations are creating a " dangerous and uncertain " future for whales .
The lid on whaling 's Pandora 's box is not being just slightly opened by the whalers , but is being well and truly ripped open
When the authors of the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling negotiated their first draft in 1946 and created the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) , they accepted that there were people , especially in the high Arctic , that relied on whales and other wildlife for their survival .
So , when the world community imposed a moratorium on commercial whaling in 1986 , the IWC continued its longstanding policy of allowing certain " indigenous " peoples to hunt otherwise protected whales for local use to satisfy their nutritional subsistence and cultural needs .
In doing so , they created a category of Aboriginal Subsistence Whaling ( ASW ) .
But little did they contemplate that in the opening decades of the 21st Century , it would be acceptable for ASW whalers to sell whole whales to corporate wholesalers , with processed meat being sold in supermarkets to anyone in Greenland , including tourists .
Loose language
The concept of indigenous whalers taking enough whales to feed their family and friends appears to have been so self - evident to those early regulators that they made no attempt to define many key terms , including " aboriginal " , " local use " or " subsistence " .
The world 's whaling policy remains in a state of flux
Whale chief mulls ending hunt ban Despite the expansion of ASW in recent decades , the IWC has still not defined those terms ; nor has it ever implemented a management regime for these hunts .
Thanks to this lack of a clear regulatory framework , the establishment of ASW quotas and the operation of these hunts have become controversial issues for the IWC .
In the absence of any formal definition of " aboriginal " , governments simply nominate those peoples whom they consider applicable and there is no requirement that they meet any definition of indigenous people agreed in international law based on cultural or anthropological parameters .
Following this process , the IWC has granted ASW quotas that allow the Chukotkan people of Russia and the Inuit of Alaska to take bowhead and gray whales .
Since 1983 , it has also permitted " the taking by aborigines " of fin , minke and Bowhead whales in Greenland , but unlike the Alaskan Inuit , the Greenlandic Home Rule Government has exploited the ambiguities in the treaty about whose " needs " the whales are to meet .
Greenland regards the total number of " Greenlanders born in Greenland " ( including non-native people ) as qualifying and , is now seeking yet a further increase in its ASW quota - even though , to all appearances , the indigenous whalers and their communities have more than enough whale meat to meet their subsistence needs .
For the IWC , this poses a significant problem ; its " accepted practice " has allowed whale meat from ASW hunts to be traded in order to pay hunting costs etc , but on the assumption that the trade is limited to within a small and localised group of peoples .
However , Greenland defines the whole territory of over 55,000 people as a local community .
As a result , all residents , not necessarily just the Inuit population , can consume the whale products and it is now also distributed through commercial outlets such as supermarkets .
It seems that " surplus " minke whale meat can even be sold abroad .
This extensive commercialisation suggests that the whaling communities whose needs the IWC believed it was meeting have more than enough whales .
Demand and supply Indeed , the Greenlanders kill some 4,000 small whales and dolphins annually and have not even taken all their available IWC quotas of fin and minke whales in the last 20 years .
Concerns have been voiced about " Aboriginal Subsistence Whaling "
Guide to the world 's great whales
But now , referring to its claimed " wider population " , Greenland states that its existing quota does not meet its needs and it wants more whales .
Three years ago , it secured a quota of two bowhead whales and 25 more minke whales .
Over the last two years , Greenland has demand an additional quota of 10 humpback whales a year .
Many EU countries , which historically have looked sympathetically at ASW requests , have expressed their concern at this insistence on even more whales for no demonstrated need , but they find themselves held hostage by Denmark and its ally , Sweden , who have been lobbying to give Greenland any quota that it specifies .
Disagreements on internal EU voting procedures required when the EU needs to act as a co-ordinated body could see Denmark and her allies trying to cause the EU to abstain rather than oppose the item when it comes up for decision this week .
The IWC Parties meeting in Florida this month will also consider proposals to legitimise the existing commercial whaling for Japan , Iceland and Norway .
The question must be asked : " What will stand in the way of Greenland or others arguing in the near future that they should be able to expand their whaling to become commercial whaling not unlike Norway and Japan ? "
It seems the lid on whaling 's Pandora 's box is not being just slightly opened by the whalers , but is being well and truly ripped open .
This is creating a dangerous and uncertain future world for the whales and an IWC that is robbed of any real decision - making capability .
The coming year could see conservation take a back seat to back room deals and political fixes .
The only guarantee is that in 20 years ' time we shall be wondering how we let our elected officials get away with it .
Chris Butler - Stroud is chief executive of the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society ( WDCS ) The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Chris Butler - Stroud ?
Are historic whaling rights being abused by commercial and political interests ?
Is international whaling policy up to the task of protecting the marine mammals ?
Is it time to legitimise whale hunting ?
These greedy countries like Japan and Norway and Greenland - will keep on chipping away at any conservation law - greed is driving this push to kill more whales ...
It has to stop one and for all - ban all whaling ...
Paul Rathbone , Newcastle upon Tyne Hurry of commercial world is much faster than the natural growth of fishery and steady attitude of aboriginals .
The penetration of commercial world in these remote areas is really alarming .
Commercial world is governed by the growth and multiplying consumption of human population .
We must support the view point of Mr. Chris butler - stroud and the rights of aboriginals must be protected .
We are standing at a point where our small mistakes can put us in a very troublesome state and good decisions can enhance the marine environment and ultimately our planet .
Its not only the future of whale , its not only aboriginal rights or commercial rights , it is about existence of the human beings .
Every small preservation step is important for well being of natural system and human beings .
The MPA is key aspect in marine life protection .
Timings and catch of fisheries must be strictly regulated .
Aboriginals and fisherman must be volunteered protection of whales and similar fishes .
The marin !
e life is entirely dependent on different patterns of food choices , management of toxic waste , climate change efforts and most important is check on human population .
Sanjay Singh
Thakur , Indore , India
Yes I agree completely with Chris , I suspect that Japan is politically ( it 's " buying " votes from these members and encourages the ongoing markets ) behind the resurgence in whaling .
Udo Hennig , Townsville Australia
This is horrendous news I had no idea the IWC were so powerless .
They really need to redefine the guidelines to prevent the loopholes and move quickly with the times , despite any political interests .
The IWC must stop this blatant abuse of historic whaling rights before things go too far once again for the whales .
emma steward , Plymouth / UK
It is so clear that if people keeping consume wildlife and menipulating to take more and more we are in the way to lose more spieces in our preciouce earth and if IWC going to let AWC to traiding on whales products so we hav to say good bay to the rest whales for ever !!!
salwa saleh ibrahim , muscat - oman
The abuse of these historical whaling rights should see them revoked entirely .
With the modern development of what may have been historically whale dependant nations the needless slaughter of whales should be phased out .
At leat quotas should be reduced to reflect development rather than increased .
Let them eat chicken , pork and beef like the rest of us .
Fins ' n ' Flukes , Ha'apai , Tonga .
as usual , , we continue to enslave , kill and disrupt the lives of animals and other life forms that share the planet with us .
we continue our non -stop greed and use political situations as excuses , in years to come our singlemindedness might blight our childrens future on this place , we all call home .
JOHN GREGORY , new plymouth new zealand With countries blatantly undermining the spirit of the IWC for their own commercial interests , I 'm surprised they do n't just outright leave the organization so that they do n't need to pay lip service to it .
What is the point of the IWC if it is toothless , and cannot even patch loopholes in its policies ?
Chris C , Salt Lake City , USA
There is nothing wrong with " commercial whaling " , providing that the catch quotas set are set in a conservative manner taking into account scientific uncertainties , and that the operations are appropriately monitored and regulated to ensure compliance with the quotas .
In that way , I do not care whether the whaling is termed " aboriginal subsistence " or " commercial " for the political needs of those countries voting for and against at the IWC .
What matters is that whaling is sustainable .
This is the main reason why the IWC was created , not to be used as a tool to grant whaling rights to some and take them away from others , based on fuzzy conceptions of who should be able to catch and who should not .
david , tokyo A century of whaling may have released more than 100 million tonnes - or a large forest 's worth - of carbon into the atmosphere .
For sure , our oceans have been the only true net sink of anthropogenic carbon in 200 years and , as the lungs of our planet , must be healthy to continue to contribute this much needed mechanism .
We cannot keep stripping them bare !
Killing whales and up to 80 % of other commercial fish stocks is destroying the health of our earth 's most important asset !
Chris Long , Luton , UK
These whaling nations all claim to be preserving part of their " culture " but none of them are using traditional boats and weapons from the 15th century to kill the whales .
This should be a requirement if indeed they want to " preserve their culture " .
Tim Barlow , Plano Texas
Fully agree it is obvoius that the IWC have encouraged the ASW into kill more than the required need .
rory jackson , Co , Cork ireland I think killing the whales in our oceans is abominable .
And to use a loophole to allow whole whales to be sold and the meat eaten even by tourists is ridiculous .
I get that people need to eat , but at what cost to the planet and ecosystem as a whole ?
I am tired of humans being greedy for money and presuming that these marvelous animals will always be around .
And no , it is NOT time to legitimize whale hunting .
It is time to protect marine mammals from ourselves !
Veronica Winter , Asheville , NC This article is absolutely correct .
It ceases to be " subsistence " whaling the moment the whales are used for monetary gain as opposed to meat for tribal food security .
When whale meat is packaged and placed on supermarket shelves it is a commercial whaling business and prohibited by the IWC as well as CITES .
EU countries should respond to violations of whaling regulations and bans with economic sanctions and boycotts .
AnimuX , USA I agree .
Jaime Bolanos , Venezuela
Whales are not anything special , they are not the very highly intelligent BN Dolphins of TV , they are cows of the ocean .
Whales should be treated as the sustainable marine resource that they are .
The IWC is tasked with ensuring that whale populations remain healthy and that any whaing be sustainable .
Without the IWC unregulated whaling could decimate the numbers again .
Minke whales are very abundant and hardly endangered .
Let them be hunted under IWC control .
This is what conservation is all about .
JDamer , Clifton NJ
The Sea Life Centre network shares WDCS 's anxieties about the shift to more commercial whaling and centres have already written to environment ministers across Europe urging them to block the request for a quota of 10 humpbacks .
This is a slippery slope towards a resumption of commercial whaling , which would simply be disastrous .
Rob Hicks ,
Dorset every loophole that could possibly be exploited is being exploited .
what i do n't totally understand , is the way the perception of whales has changed in the past 10 years from animals that needed saving to animals that need to be exploited .
human exploitation / overuse of the earth 's resources is going to be our downfall as a species .
and good riddance to us when we leave .
skott daltonic , boston , MA / USA
Whale hunting should n't be allowed full stop .
We 've hunted the animals so much that most of them are now endangered , there wont be any whales in 20 years if we just continue to let them slaughter them like this .
If the Inuits need them for food then that should be the only acception made .
Japan has more than enough whale meat , so has greenland , it just seems like they 're hunting them for fun now which would n't suprise me to be honest , as always seems to be with humans .
Why would anyone want to kill such beautiful animals anyway ?
It 's sick .
Katrina , London , England stop supporting this anti-whaling hysteria and the grandstanding of the anti whaling lobby .
there are enough whales from a number of species that can very well be harvested in a sustainable manner leaving more then enough whales for anyone to watch them including the fanatic bleeding heart activists .
rhinos , tigers , sharks , elephants etc. , etc. are for the dire lack of resources poached to extinction right under the noses of the same activists whilst millions are wasted to harass the taking of a few surplus whales
dereck conow , toronto / ontario
As a South Asian I am completely agreed with this nice article .
His concept is all right .
Due to overpopulation and over - hunting legally or illegally is the one of the important factors of disappearance of such type of marine animals in the river and oceans .
In my childhood I have seen a large number of Shusuk ( black dolphin ) in our local river Gorai in the Kushtia district .
Now their existence is rear .
However , whales and dolphins are in an ecological dangers .
The long - term prospects of these special animals in these water is endangered by increasing threats , both natural and man-made , and that includes incidental killing in gill - net fisheries , depletion of prey due to loss of fish and crustacean spawning habitat and toxic contamination from large , upstream human population centers .
I would like say , an additional threat was declining freshwater flows from upstream extraction in the River Ganges and sea - level rise resulting from global climate change .
So , it is time to legitimise the whale hunting .
Engr Salam , Kushtia , Bangladesh
My country whaled in fact at one time we were the third biggest Industry but times change and people grow up ... My people Maori are the indigenous peopel of the land here in NZ .
We walked away from this butchery , and we revere the Whale as the NZ film Whale Rider has shown , yet we have what can only be termed as a " Paper " Maori in Mr Toyko Rose Inwood loudly proclaiming to all who will listen that we are a Whaling culture ... we are not and what the IWC is doing can only be seen as what it is the " Final Solution " of a Species for profit ...
In the future our childrens children will look back at these people with disdain and contempt at what governments and the Whaling Industry is involved in the mass Indutrial destruction of a magestic Species .
Gbaes , New Zealand
To anyone who thinks that whales should be ' sustainably hunted ' for commercial sale I ask you this : is it morally defensible to fire an exploding missile into a fully conscious animal ?
Because of the size of whales , the inability to restrain them during slaughter , and the unpredictable and difficult hunting environment , there is simply no reliably humane way to kill whales at sea .
Recent data shows that whales can take over an hour to die from the horrific wounds caused by the explosion inside their bodies , most likely eventually bleeding to death .
Whichever way you look at this it cannot be defended as a way to treat animals in the 21st century .
As long as commercial whaling involves such crude slaughter and immense suffering then it should n't matter how sustainable it might be - whether there are one hundred whales or one million whales in the oceans , this cruelty simply should not be allowed .
Claire Bass , London , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two Saudi poachers who posted an amateur video of themselves illegally hunting gazelles are now being hunted down themselves - by the authorities .
Not only did the pair use rifles which are banned for hunters - but the animals they killed were of an endangered species , and on a nature reserve .
The poachers happily show off their catch while the car radio plays a popular Saudi song in the background .
On the men's shoulders hang sniper rifles - banned for hunting purposes in Saudi Arabia .
The clip is entitled " Defying the nature reserve " .
The general secretary of the National Commission for Wildlife Conservation and Development , prince Bandar bin Mohammed al - Saud , has called on witnesses to come forward in helping to arrest the pair .
He admitted however that his organisation had known about the video for two months , but did not want to publicise the issue .
It was only when the Saudi Web became enflamed with the subject that an appeal for witnesses was issued .
According to local media , the poachers speak in a dialect from a region near Riyadh .
They believe that the video was probably filmed in the Uruq Bani Ma'arid nature reserve , situated nearby .
The reserve was established in 1994 and covers almost 12,000 km2 in an area called Rub al - Khali ( literally , the " empty quarter " ) , one of the world 's largest sand deserts .
On Monday , the Al - Watan newspaper reported that one of the pair was arrested on Friday 16 April .
click to enlarge
I was n't going to write about the New Yorker 's March 8 profile of Mayor Daley .
As a general rule , I do n't like to critique other journalists — it's hard enough to make a living in this racket , and the last thing any of us needs is somebody nipping at his heels .
But then I actually read the thing , and as a Chicagoan , let alone a Chicagoan who writes about politics , I realized I had no choice .
Listen , I got nothing against the guy who wrote it — Evan Osnos , a former Tribune reporter who 's spent most of his career in New York and overseas and now lives in China .
Do n't know him , never met him .
And his story 's not without its revealing moments , like the anecdote about the high school priest who gave young Richie Daley a paddling for talking in class , then " half jokingly " asked , " Your father 's not going to get me in trouble , now , is he ? "
I appreciate the fact that Osnos at least tried to catalog some of the low points of Daley 's regime , like the Hired Truck and City Hall hiring scandals .
Especially since puff pieces in other national media have made the mayor look like Mother Teresa .
And I 'm certainly not one of those Chicagoans who thinks only the locals can capture the city 's essence .
I thought Ryan Lizza , the New Yorker 's political writer , did a good job with his July 2008 piece on Barack Obama 's connections to the Daley machine .
A.J. Liebling 's New Yorker articles on what he dubbed the Second City and David Halberstam 's classic Harper 's profile of the first Mayor Daley remain relevant to this day .
But the view of the city you get in Osnos 's piece is the view you 'd get if you took a limo ride with the mayor through the touristy parts of town .
It bears no resemblance to the city that most ordinary Chicagoans see and live in every day .
Let 's start with the central premise that Chicago would be some giant slum if not for Daley .
I know this is a standard spin on things — you hear it quite a bit from corporate types and other Daley defenders around here — but it irritates me because it's a cheap shot at Daley 's mayoral predecessors , including my personal favorite , Harold Washington .
Say what you will about Jane Byrne , Washington , and Eugene Sawyer , but they ruled during the economic dislocation of the 1980s .
They did n't have the good fortune to run the city during the go - go real estate market of the 1990s and early 2000s — a nationwide boom that boosted more cities than Chicago .
And embedded in this notion is the implication that a black guy ( like Washington or Sawyer ) can't run a big city .
I used to hear a lot of that from white people around here ; it 's funny , though , that I have n't heard quite as much talk about Daley saving us from ruin over the last few years , as city services have declined and property taxes have soared .
click to enlarge
Osnos invokes the old Wall Street Journal line about Chicago being " Beirut on the lake " in the 1980s , as Washington and his white City Council battled for control of city government .
" Daley took office at a moment when Chicago was paralyzed by infighting and mismanagement , " Osnos writes .
" In 1987 William Bennett , the Secretary of Education , said that Chicago had the worst school system in the country — ' an education meltdown . '
The center of the city was a desiccating museum of masterpieces by Mies van der Rohe and Louis Sullivan .
Infant mortality in remote neighborhoods was comparable to levels in the Third World . "
But then in 1989 Richie took charge , and " in the years that followed , Detroit , Cleveland , and other former industrial powers continued to wither , but Chicago did not .
It has grown in population , income , and diversity ; it has added more jobs since 1993 than Los Angeles and Boston combined .
Downtown luxury condos and lofts have replaced old warehouses and office blocks .
New trees and flower beds line the sidewalks and sprout from the roofs of high - rises .
( Chicago has significantly more green roofs than any other city in America . )
Diners and pizza joints have given way to daring restaurants like Alinea and L2O , where the chefs Grant Achatz and Laurent Gras are among America 's highest priests of the chemically complex food known as molecular gastronomy .
Chicago is a post - industrial capital of innovation from house music to fashion — the Milan of the Midwest , as the Washington Post put it last year . "
OK , stop .
I can't take it anymore .
Who wrote this stuff , Billy Dec ?
I like a good meal as much as the next guy , but what the hell does any of this have to do with Mayor Daley ?
The downtown real estate boom was part of a larger demographic shift that started in the 1980s .
It 's true that it was fortified with the hundreds of millions of property tax dollars Daley has handed over to well - connected developers and corporations , but it's also true that thousands of the swank new condos are empty because there 's nobody in the market to fill them .
YAWN : The exact causes and function of yawning remain a mystery , and one that until recently was surprisingly under - documented in the scientific world .
We do it when we 're tired , when we 're bored or when we 're hungry ; parachutists have been seen to do it before a jump , and research has even suggested a link between yawning and sexual arousal .
But the exact causes and function of yawning remain a mystery , and one that until recently was surprisingly under - documented in the scientific world .
Now a French family doctor , Olivier Walusinski , has published what is billed as the first ever textbook on the subject , " The Mystery of Yawning in Physiology and Disease " - a collection of the latest research on this baffling and uncontrollable behavior .
The book will be followed up on June 24 - 25 with the First International Conference on Yawning in Paris , which will address issues such as the role of yawning as a brain - cooling mechanism and the hidden sexuality of the yawn .
" There are a number of theories , but there 's no formal proof as yet of why we yawn , " Walusinski told Reuters .
What is known is that the average human will yawn around 250,000 times over the course of his life , and that babies in the womb do it from as early as 12 - 14 weeks , suggesting it plays an important neurophysiological role .
" If a foetus weighing just 60g can expend the amount of energy needed to yawn and stretch , then it must be absolutely vital to its development , " Walusinski said .
POPULAR MISCONCEPTION
Birds do it , fish do it , in fact nearly all cold and warm - blooded vertebrates do it , with the exception of giraffes and whales which have not yet been caught gaping involuntarily .
In humans , yawning is still widely believed to increase oxygen levels in the blood and eliminate excess carbon dioxide , but this theory was ruled out as far back as the 1980s .
" The idea dates back to the 17th century , but studies by the American Robert Provine ... showed that the concentrations of gases in the blood remained exactly the same before and after yawning , " said Walusinski .
Instead , the fact we yawn when we 're sleepy or bored has led recent research to suggest it is used to increase vigilance .
Yawning when hungry is thought to support this theory although , unlike lions and other carnivores , humans no longer need heightened instincts to hunt down their prey .
As for why parachutists yawn before a death - defying jump , this again could be to increase vigilance , but there is also speculation it could help counter a rise in stress .
Rats subjected to stressful stimuli in cages have certainly been found to yawn more frequently , however exactly what function their mouth gaping serves has yet to be shown .
BRAIN COOLING ?
Another theory is that yawning helps to cool the brain , protecting cerebral activity and boosting efficiency .
But before you use this excuse in the next boring meeting , it 's worth noting that the idea raises a number of questions , such as why we do n't yawn more during a fever , and why snakes yawn when they have no temperature regulating mechanism .
What is certain is that yawning is catching , Walusinski said , and this has been linked to empathy in humans .
Neuroimagery has shown the same parts of the brain light up when we feel empathy as when we " catch " a yawn , while personality tests have shown people with schizophrenia or autism are less likely to be affected .
A Dutch researcher has also suggested a link between yawning and sexuality in humans , based on circumstantial evidence such as representations of yawning in literature and the visual arts .
Popular imagery , for example , frequently shows a gaping mouth , stretching and thrusting out of the chest as an erotic posture in women , supporting the idea that yawning has a sexual side and could indeed be an invitation to sex .
In animals , Walusinski noted , the link is far more obvious .
" In macaque monkeys , the dominant male yawns before and after mating , and this is testosterone - dependent , " said Walusinski .
Castration , he said , causes the male to lose his dominant status , and the yawning stops .
Only those running Windows XP have been left without a patch Some of the latest security updates for Windows XP will not be installed on machines infected with a rootkit virus .
A rootkit is sneaky malware that buries itself deep inside the Windows operating system to avoid detection .
Microsoft said it had taken the action because similar updates issued in February made machines infected with the Alureon rootkit crash endlessly .
The latest updates can spot if a system is compromised by the Alureon rootkit and halt installation .
Find and fix
The latest batch of updates for Windows was released on 16 April and some of them fix vulnerabilities in the core , or kernel , of Windows .
This is the same place that rootkits try to take up residence .
When Alureon is present it monitors net traffic and plucks out user names , passwords and credit card numbers .
It also gives attackers a back door into infected machines .
The virus first appeared in 2008 and has been spread via discussion forums , hacked websites and bogus pay - per- click affiliate schemes .
FREE ANTI - ROOTKIT TOOLS AVG Avira F - Secure - Blacklight McAfee Panda Sophos Trend Micro Notes for the security patch explained which " abnormal conditions " would prevent XP users applying the updates .
" These abnormal conditions on a system could be the result of an infection with a computer virus that modifies some operating system files , which renders the infected computer incompatible with the kernel update , " read the statement .
By not applying the patch , Microsoft hopes to avoid a repeat of events in February which left many people struggling to get their computer working again .
Microsoft also wants to avoid a situation in which people become wary of updates because they provoke a crash .
It is not yet clear how many people have been left without the updates .
Microsoft urged those who are infected to ensure their machine is cleaned of the rootkit .
It recommended using its malware removal tool or using rootkit detectors from other security companies .
Many modern security packages have them built in and will find rootkits when a machine is scanned .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Estimated reading time — 4 minutes
You are lying in your bed , the dull whirring of your air conditioner is the only thing separating you from total silence .
You know , that particular silence that is so heavy , and so thick , it ’s almost the equivalent of a loud noise itself ?
The kind of silence where you could hear a pin drop three rooms away in ; the kind of silence that fills your ears with the sound of your own heartbeat as your ear presses against your pillow .
That kind of silence .
The dull whirring is the only noise you can hear , a noise that typically goes unnoticed , until it is the only noise present .
It ’s comforting , whether you realize it or not .
A sort of white noise .
But suddenly , your room is back at the temperature specified on the thermostat , and the whirring comes to a stop , as the vent makes a dull clang .
To your misfortune , you are not yet asleep , and the silence sets in .
You should be comforted by the knowledge that you could hear anything and everything in your surroundings ; making up for the lack of vision provided by the darkness .
But you are n’t .
It ’s this very environment that sets you on edge , causes your heart to beat a bit faster , makes your body tense without explanation , and that makes you aware when you are not alone .
But you are alone right ?
You ’ve been laying there with your eyes closed for almost 15 minutes now , and you made sure everything was normal in your room before you turned off the light ; you ’re a smart one .
All those Facebook quizzes you took have just reinforced what you already know , if you were in a horror movie , you ’d survive until the end .
You ’ve even made a carefully laid plan of what you would do in any of the situations you ’ve read about on creepypasta.com .
But that stuff is just nonsense anyway , right ?
You are n’t scared .
Or at least that ’s what you keep telling yourself .
But wait …what was that ?
Was that the rustling of fabric ?
But , you did n’t shift in your bed , or make any movement .
Did you make that noise ?
No , you could n’t have .
You ’re paralyzed your bed , stiff with an unease that was not present until these very moments .
You must have imagined it …you must have .
You roll over to face the wall .
Out of sight , out of mind .
If there ’s something in the room with you , it will just have to accept that you are much to tired to deal with it at the moment .
You ’re still stricken with uneasiness as you hear rustling again .
This time , the rustling is accompanied by a soft thud on the ground .
Your heart seizes in your chest … did you really just hear that ?
No no , you ’ve just gotten yourself worked up about nothing .
You really should stop play horror survival games so late at night , it ’s messing with your brain .
You ’re a rational person , stop acting so childish and just fall asleep already .
You close your eyes tightly , silently hoping sleep would whisk you away soon .
You ’re practically begging for the safety of the nonexistent dreamworld of your own creation .
You ’re running away in a sense ; but there ’s nothing there …right ?
You ’re just tired .
I know , I know .
As your eyes are clinched tightly shut , you become aware that no matter how much you want to , you can no longer move your arms and legs .
Come on now , are you really letting this get to you ?
What are you ?
12 years old ?
Suck it up and fall asleep already .
Now , more tense than ever , that unnerving sound echoes across the room again .
The rustling of fabric , followed by a soft thud on the ground .
Unwittingly , you ’re holding your breath now , eyes shut as tightly as possible .
You have childish urge to pull the blanket over your head .
You ’re imagining it all !
It ’s all in your head ; I thought you were better than this .
You heart is pounding loudly in your ears now , but not loudly enough to drown out the now repetitive sound approaching from across the room .
What ’s that rustling !?
Maybe you left some paper on the ground .
That has to be it !
And that thumping ?
Probably the cat , or the dog , or something .
They probably ran in when you were n’t looking before you closed your door .
Yeah , you ’re just paranoid .
The noise is now within a foot of your bed , and with your back to it , you do n’t dare turn around to investigate , not that it ’d do much good ; the only light in your room is the dull glow of your cell phone on the nightstand next to you , you plugged it in before crawled into bed remember ?
But you do n’t dare turn around and look ; there ’s nothing there anyway .
Minutes that feel like hours pass as you face your wall , stiff as a board , unable to will your uncooperative body to move .
You have n’t heard the noises in a while now , not since it reached the edge of your bed .
You know there ’s nothing there you silly .
It ’s this silence .
It ’s messing with you .
You really should have turned on some music or something before you went to bed .
Oh well , maybe next time .
Suddenly , a familiar clang echoes through the room , followed by that familiar whirring .
You exhale deeply , your body relaxing as you are flooded with relief .
Thank God that ’s over , now you can finally sleep in peace .
That silence was really getting to you .
You roll over and open your eyes to check the time on your lit cell phone , it must have been at least an hour since you first went to bed .
You are greeted face to face with his ear to ear grin .
Dimly lit sockets where eyes once resided stare intently at you .
Ah , I see you ’re still awake .
—
Credited to Shadow Lovely .
Please wait ...
You will need a PDF reader to view and print these files .
A good one can be downloaded free from Foxit at http://www.foxitsoftware.com/
( hold down the shift key and click to open this link in a new window ) .
Linking directly to a file is not allowed - please link either to this page or to the home page .
Practice text passages intended for recitation are given in Tibetan , phonetic transcription , and English translation .
Other texts or passages are in Tibetan and English only .
No need to trek to India to fetch texts on elephant back these days , just click on a title to view them !
Chöd
This Chöd Practice ( updated September 2017 with minor revisions ) , entitled " The Loud Laugh of the Dakini " , is from the Longchen Nyingthig cycle of terma teachings revealed by the master Jigme Lingpa ( 1729-1798 ) .
Chöd means " cutting " , and is a powerful , dramatic practice of cutting through ego - attachment and delusion by visualising offering up one 's body to malevolent spirits and karmic creditors .
Machig Labdrön , who lived in the eleventh century AD , is probably Tibet 's most famous female practitioner of Chöd .
Town - roaming Chod Practitioners by Dza Patrul Rinpoche
Newly - translated and widely published here for the first time , Dza Patrul Rinpoches unique mock - ritual satirises bogus Chod practitioners .
A very funny piece , but to get the jokes one does need some understanding of the principles and liturgy of ( real ! ) Chod .
Patruls own instructions on Chod can be found in Chapter Five of his Words of my Perfect Teacher .
Many thanks to Eric Forgeng for permission to revise his original draft translation .
Accomplishing the Aim of Meditation
One of thirteen early Mind Series texts said to have been translated into Tibetan by Vimalamitra , Nyak Jnanakumara , and Yudra Nyingpo .
This text was thought to have been lost .
I located it in the Rig ' dzin tshe dbang nor bu manuscript of the rNying ma'i rgyud ' bum in the Bodleian library , Oxford .
For more information , please see my article from the October 2009 issue of the Revue d'Etudes Tibetaines .
I have included the Tibetan text in a separate file .
( Please note : since writing the article , I have obtained a commentary on this text , and have slightly amended my translation accordingly )
The Lamp of the Three Realms
This text is very probably the same as the " Wish - fulfilling Jewel " , another " lost " text from the thirteen early Dzogchen Mind Series works that I studied for my PhD .
For more information , please see my article from the October 2009 issue of the Revue d'Etudes Tibetaines .
Here is the Tibetan .
The Cuckoo of Awareness
" The Cuckoo of Awareness " ( Rig pa'i Khu Byug ) , together with a commentary , is found among the Dunhuang manuscripts at the British Library .
The root text is also the first in a list of five early Dzogchen translations attributed to Vairocana , a contemporary of Padmasambhava ( eighth century C.E. ) .
Numerous translations of the root text are already available , but I have not seen any others of the Dunhuang commentary apart from that in Samten Karmay 's " The Great Perfection " , ( Brill , 1988 ) .
At least the first section of the commentary was possibly written by Vairocana himself .
A modern , and very helpful commentary on the text is included in Namkhai Norbu Rinpoche 's " Dzogchen , the self - perfected state " ( Snowlion , 1996 ) .
The Tibetan as I have given it faithfully follows the original manuscript ( at the IDP ) , including its occasional non-standard spellings .
This translation is provisional , and I will likely revise it in the future .
The Small Hidden Grain
The Small Hidden Grain ( sBas pa'i rGum Chung ) by Buddhagupta is one of the very early Dzogchen texts among the Dunhuang documents at the British Library .
The main theme of the text is the Enlightened Mind .
It is composed of three elements : an introduction , the main text ( written in red ink in the Tibetan ) and interlinear notes .
As these notes appear to preserve the essential points of an oral teaching on the text , they are of especial interest .
I have therefore tried to show the relationship of the notes with the text as clearly as possible , by following the layout of the original in the Tibetan , and in the footnotes to my English translation .
Advice to Kunzang Chögyal
This succinct and down - to - earth piece of advice was written by Dza Patrul Rinpoche ( 1808 - 1887 ) for a student and friend who had asked him how he should practise .
It sums up what real Dharma practice means - training our own minds , so that we can experience its results for ourselves , not to impress others .
It also essentialises the View , Meditation , and Action of Dzogchen in a typically pithy , memorable way .
My thanks to Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche for his own helpful advice to me when translating this text .
Nine Considerations and Criteria for Benefiting Beings
Practical advice on how one should decide on the best , most beneficial course of action .
This succinct and memorable piece was written by the famous nineteenth - century Dzogchen master Dza Patrul Rinpoche .
I have added some explanatory notes on technical terms at the end .
This version , revised in 2015 in collaboration with Adam Pearcey , supercedes the translation that first appeared here in 2009 .
Here is the Tibetan ( also revised in 2015 ) .
A Yearning Song of Faith
This is a reverential petition ( gsol ' debs ) to the Dakini Yeshe Tsogyal , pleading for aid in facing dark times .
It was written ( I believe ) by Jigme Trinle Öser , the first Dodrupchen Rinpoche , a close disciple of Jigme Lingpa .
It often accompanies the practice of Yumka Dechen Gyalmo , the Longchen Nyingthig Dakini sadhana , in which Yeshe Tsogyal is the principal meditational " deity " .
As far as I am currently aware , this has not been previously translated .
Bardo Prayers
These prayers were written down by the fourteenth century tertön Karma Lingpa , and are traditionally recited as guidance to the dead and dying .
The " Prayer Requesting Assistance from the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas , " requests all enlightened beings to comfort those who are dying or who are suffering in the intermediate states after death ( Bardos ) .
" Root verses of the Bardo Tödral ( Liberation on Hearing in the Bardo ) " encapsulates the essential instructions on each phase of the Bardos .
The " Prayer that protects from fear in the Bardos " appeals for the Buddhas ' and bodhisattvas ' compassionate refuge from fear .
The " Prayer for Deliverance from the Bardo 's Narrow Passage " outlines the experiences of the Bardo of Reality or Dharmata , in order to help the dead person to recognize the true nature of the visions that arise there .
I referred to earlier French and English versions in my re-working of these texts , and also received useful clarifications from Ranyak Patrul Rinpoche .
The Queen of Great Bliss
( yum mkha ' bde chen rgyal mo )
[ NOTE : Traditionally , empowerment , reading transmission , and explanatory teaching from a qualified teacher are necessary in order for such a sadhana to be fully understood and practised . ]
This is the Dakini practice from the famous Longchen Nyingthig Cycle , written down by Jigme Lingpa .
Although as a sadhana it is a Tantric practice , it is imbued throughout with the Dzogchen perspective .
I referred to several earlier English versions , including that produced by the Dzogchen Shri Singha University , when re-translating this text .
This is a brief version , omitting many prayers that customarily accompany the practice when it is performed in groups .
Two prayers by Dza Patrul Rinpoche
Two short prayers written by the great Dzogchen master Dza Patrul Rinpoche .
Unfortunately I do not know the exact circumstances in which they were originally written .
They ask the Protectors of the Teachings for help in quelling discord and dissimulation in Dharma circles and in everyday life - a request as relevant as ever .
Ignition
Let me start off by stating an axiom everyone should be aware of - everyone loves Ignition .
And in case you are wondering what an axiom is , its a fact so basic that it needs no proof .
It has to be the most loveable game I 've ever played .
Now that I got this shameless personal impression of the game off my chest , I 'll try to write an objective review .
Ignition was developed by a small Swedish company called UDS ( Unique Development Studios ) and distributed by Virgin .
Unfortunately , UDS is closed today , probably because of quite a few unsuccessful titles they launched after Ignition .
However , you are probably wondering why Ignition received all the hype and praise .
First of all , its concept was simple - it had to look great , feel great and constantly keep you wanting more and more .
It succeeded flawlessly in all of those segments , but most of all , its fun factor was off the scale .
There are quite a few modes of play .
The single player mode features championship , single race , time trial and pursue races .
In championship , you race all available tracks and earn points .
If you collect most points through all races , a new track and car get unlocked .
Once you complete a championship , the game difficulty will automatically increase from novice to amateur .
Of course , you can return it to novice , but in order to unlock new tracks and cars , you will also have to win championships in amateur and professional difficulty levels .
Single race mode is just that - a single race with a car and track of your choice .
Pursuit is similar , but with a slight twist - each time a lap is completed , the last car is destroyed , and thus kicked out of the race .
This goes on until there is just one car left - the winner of course .
Last but not least is the time trial mode in which you can race against the ghost car which shows how you drove when the track record was made .
This is great for practicing .
Single player mode is just the tip of the iceberg though .
Multiplayer offers two more modes - splitscreen and network .
Graphics , level design and sounds are also a story for itself .
The perspective moves about as you storm through twisty roads , bridge passes , cliffs serpents and canyons .
Calling it bird perspective would be an insult since the game offers a full - blown 3D engine that looks and performs amazing .
The DOS mode will limit you to 320x240 resolution , but you can enjoy the stunning look in 800x600 when playing under Windows .
There are 10 levels in total , and some will complain about this , but the level design is so diverse and beautiful , you wo n't be bored even after driving around for countless number of laps .
Every track features special jumps , twists and shortcuts that can be passed in an infinite number of ways .
Basically , every lap is an unique experience .
Also , every car has a set of characteristics that determine how fast it goes , how well it handles and how quickly the turbo charges .
The turbo ?
Yes , every car has a regenerating turbo that will give you a speed burst for a short amount of fun .
Using those in the right moment is critical for winning races .
Also , each car produces a special sound when using the turbo .
For example , when driving the police car , its sirenes will light up and sound the alarm , in school bus you will hear children screaming and cheering etc .
If you were wondering what the point of this game was , I will have to dissapoint you by telling you there is just one - to win the race and laugh at your looser opponents / friends .
At a first glance it might seem a bit daft , but actually its more fun and addictive than you could ever imagine .
Now would be a good time to conclude this review since only the most persistant of you actually read all the way until here :)
There is just one more thing to say - this game is absolutely magnificent so go get it right away !!
A straight 5 , no thinking necessary .
Sarah Palin with her youngest son Trig during the 2008 presidential campaign
Former US vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin has criticised TV show Family Guy for " mocking " her son who has Down 's syndrome .
Palin said on Facebook that an episode in which a character with Down 's said she was daughter of the ex-governor of Alaska was " a kick in the teeth " .
The politician 's daughter Bristol went on to say that the " insults hurt too much for us to remain silent " .
The animation 's creator said the show was " an equal opportunity offender " .
' Heartless jerks '
" From its inception , Family Guy has used biting satire as the foundation of its humour , " Seth McFarlane said in a statement to the Los Angeles Times .
Bristol Palin went on to say in the posting : " If the writers of a particularly pathetic cartoon show thought they were being clever in mocking my brother and my family yesterday , they failed .
" All they proved is that they 're heartless jerks . "
Her mother , who stepped down as governor of Alaska last year , said her daughter 's reaction was " a much more restrained and gracious statement than I want to make " .
She added that the issue " begs the question , when is enough enough " ?
The episode of the animation featured Chris - the Griffin family 's son - bringing home a girlfriend with Down 's syndrome .
When quizzed by his parents about her family , she said that her mother used to be Alaskan governor .
The show is broadcast on the Fox network in the US .
Palin is commentator for cable station Fox News , also owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , but separate from its namesake .
Did you know that blocking ads truly hurts the websites you visit ?
We recently learned that many of our readers did not know this , so I 'm going to explain why .
There is an oft - stated misconception that if a user never clicks on ads , then blocking them wo n't hurt a site financially .
This is wrong .
Most sites , at least sites the size of ours , are paid on a per view basis .
If you have an ad blocker running , and you load 10 pages on the site , you consume resources from us ( bandwidth being only one of them ) , but provide us with no revenue .
Because we are a technology site , we have a very large base of ad blockers .
Imagine running a restaurant where 40 % of the people who came and ate did n't pay .
In a way , that 's what ad blocking is doing to us .
Just like a restaurant , we have to pay to staff , we have to pay for resources , and we have to pay when people consume those resources .
The difference , of course , is that our visitors do n't pay us directly but indirectly by viewing advertising .
( Although a few thousand of you are subscribers , and we thank you all very , very much ! )
My argument is simple : blocking ads can be devastating to the sites you love .
I am not making an argument that blocking ads is a form of stealing , or is immoral , or unethical , or makes someone the son of the devil .
It can result in people losing their jobs , it can result in less content on any given site , and it definitely can affect the quality of content .
It can also put sites into a real advertising death spin .
As ad revenues go down , many sites are lured into running advertising of a truly questionable nature .
We 've all seen it happen .
I am very proud of the fact that we routinely talk to you guys in our feedback forum about the quality of our ads .
I have proven over 12 years that we will fight on the behalf of readers whenever we can .
Does that mean that there are the occasional intrusive ads , expanding this way and that ?
Yes , sometimes we have to accept those ads .
But any of you reading this site for any significant period of time know that these are few and far between .
We turn down offers every month for advertising like that out of respect for you guys .
We simply ask that you return the favor and not block ads .
If you read a site and care about its well being , then you should not block ads ( or you subscribe to sites like Ars that offer ads - free versions of the site ) .
If a site has advertising you do n't agree with , do n't go there .
I think it is far better to vote with page views than to show up and consume resources without giving anything in return .
I think in some ways the Internet and its vast anonymity feeds into a culture where many people do not think about the people , the families , the careers that go into producing a website .
People talk about how annoying advertisments are , but I 'll tell you what : it 's a lot more annoying and frustrating to have to cut staff and cut benefits because a huge portion of readers block ads .
Yet I 've seen that happen at dozens of great sites over the last few years , Ars included .
Invariably someone always pops into a discussion like this and brings up some analogy with television advertising , radio , or somesuch .
It is not in any way the same ; advertisers in those mediums are paying for potential to reach audiences , and not for results .
They have complex models which tell them if X number are watching , Y will likely see the ad ( and it even varies by ad position , show type , etc ! ) .
But they really have no true idea who sees what ad , and that 's why it 's a medium based on potential and not provable results .
On the Internet everything is 100 % trackable and is billed and sold as such .
Comparing a website to TiVo is comparing apples to asparagus .
And anyway , my point still stands : if you like this site you should n't block ads .
Invariably someone else will pop in and tell me that it's not their fault that our business model sucks .
My response is simple : you either care about the site 's well - being , or you do n't .
As for our business model sucking , we 've been here for 12 years , online - only .
Not many sites can say that .
Let me stop and clarify quickly that I am not saying that we are on the verge of vanishing from the Internet .
But we , like many , many sites are greatly affected by ad blocking , and it is a very worrisome trend .
So I 'll end this part of the discussion by just reiterating my point : blocking ads hurts the sites you love .
Please consider not blocking ads on those sites .
An experiment gone wrong
Starting late Friday afternoon we conducted a 12 hour experiment to see if it would be possible to simply make content disappear for visitors who were using a very popular ad blocking tool .
Technologically , it was a success in that it worked .
Ad blockers , and only ad blockers , could n't see our content .
We tested just one way of doing this , but have devised a way to keep it rotating were we to want to permanently implement it .
But we do n't .
Socially , the experiment was a mixed bag .
A bunch of people whitelisted Ars , and even a few subscribed .
And while others showed up to support our actions , there was a healthy mob of people criticizing us for daring to take any kind of action against those who would deny us revenue even though they knew they were doing so .
Others rightly criticized the lack of a warning or notification as to what was going on .
We made the mistake of assuming that everyone who is blocking ads at Ars is doing so with malice .
As it turns out , only a few people are , and many ( most ? ) indicated you are happy to help out .
That 's what led to this hopefully informative post .
Our experiment is over , and we 're glad we did it because it led to us learning that we needed to communicate our point of view every once in a while .
Sure , some people told us we deserved to die in a fire .
But that 's the Internet !
Making its ways into parents ' basements since 1991 .
To those people I say : admit it , you just wish you were half as cool as this guy .
The legislation sponsored by Rep. Jason Chaffetz would cause federal employees who defaulted on their taxes to lose their jobs .
Democrats pull tax cheat bill
Legislation that would force government and Hill staffers to pay back taxes or lose their jobs was pulled from House committee markup today after Democrats hit the brakes .
Rep. Stephen Lynch ( D - Mass. ) , who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee that oversees government workers , told POLITICO he was concerned that the legislation would kick workers to the curb before it could be determined if the IRS had erred .
Advertisement
“ The employee can fight it , but they do n’t have a job , ” Lynch said during a committee markup today .
“ In 80 percent of [ default ] cases there is a dispute , ” Lynch later told POLITICO .
“ The people are arguing with the IRS about business expenses , non-business expenses , deductions , tax credits and exemptions .
And in a lot of these cases , the IRS turns out to be wrong .
I ’m not sure how many of those cases apply to Senate and House staffers , but just because you ’re fighting with the IRS does n’t mean you ’re wrong . ”
The legislation sponsored by Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) would cause federal employees who defaulted on their taxes to lose their jobs , including the hundreds of congressional and Hill staffers who owe the government millions of dollars .
In 2008 alone , 447 House employees and 231 Senate workers did n’t pay their taxes , according to figures from the IRS , Office of Personnel Management , and Department of Defense .
Federal employees in the U.S. House of Representatives owed more than $ 5.8 million in unpaid taxes in 2008 .
The Senate employees owe more than $ 2.46 million , according to figures .
But some Republicans , including Chaffetz , said he suspects that ’s not the only reason why Democrats did n’t support it .
“ I think the subtext is the Democrat ’s support for unions , ” said Chaffetz , a committee member .
“ Federal employees should not be more protected than others . ”
“ Some Democrats see this as an attack on federal workers that ’s not merited , ” argued a Democratic committee aide .
“ If you do n’t pay taxes , your wages are garnished automatically .
It ’s not hard for the IRS to find a federal worker …
There may be some question as to whether this is really necessary on the federal employee side . ”
But Chaffetz wants congressional employees held to a strict standard .
“ We have over 600 staffers on Capitol Hill not paying their taxes .
That ’s just not acceptable , ” Chaffetz said in an interview with POLITICO yesterday .
“ It ’s disingenuous to take federal taxpayer dollars and not pay your full share of taxes .
It ’s wrong . ”
Chaffetz ’s legislation was offered as an amendment this morning during the Oversight Committee ’s markup to a larger bipartisan - supported bill , which would prevent the government from working with government contractors that have failed to pay their taxes .
House Committee Chairman Edolphus Towns ( D - N.Y. ) even sweetened Chaffetz ’s language for Democrats today by giving workers wiggle room if they were in the midst of a payment plan with the IRS or if they were experiencing serious hardships .
But Towns pulled the entire bill from markup after Democrats shot down their own chairman ’s compromise , a move Ranking Member Darrell Issa called “ disappointing . ”
“ There was a bipartisan effort and compromise reached with Chairman Towns to create consequences for both Federal contractors and Federal employees who are seriously delinquent in paying their taxes to the IRS , ” said Issa in a statement .
“ I am thoroughly disappointed that Democrats rejected the chairman ’s compromise and stubbornly refused to work with him on an effort to hold Federal employees to the same standard as the private sector .
There needs to be consequences for both contractors and federal employees who fail to pay their taxes . ”
Congress has attempted in the past to stop tax - cheating contractors from getting federal contracts , but the legislation has never made it to the president ’s desk .
That could change this year .
President Obama has also been on the case of tax defaulters .
He sent a letter to federal agencies earlier this year warning that the White House would be monitoring federal contractors who had defaulted on their taxes , and could prevent them from getting additional contracts .
A recent Government Accountability
Office study estimated that government contractors owe the government nearly $ 5 billion in back taxes .
America 's already weak and unstable healthcare system is being heavily taxed by the obesity epidemic .
We are a nation of instant gratification and fast food has allowed us to exert the smallest possible effort to consume the most fat and calories .
As the US continues to grow fatter , medical expenses soar and Medicaid & Medicare buckle from the strain .
Spread the word !
It ’s that time of year where we ’re all filling out our tax forms to get them in under the deadline , so we thought it would be worth taking a step back and looking over how two of the President ’s top priorities – health reform and the Recovery
Act – are helping to give a little relief to middle class families .
While some critics and media outlets may want to mislead the public , or cherry - pick provisions to give another impression , there is no debating the fact that making the tax code more fair for the middle class , and helping working families get through these tough economic times has been the central plank of the President ’s agenda .
Health Reform :
The health reform legislation signed into law by President Obama includes the largest health care tax cut in history for middle class families , helping to make insurance much more affordable for millions of families .
Here ’s a more extensive list of how health reform helps ease the financial burden on the middle class :
The largest health care tax cut in history for middle class families .
Americans buying the same coverage they have today in the individual market will see premiums fall by 14 to 20 percent compared to what they would pay without health insurance reform and by as much as 3 % for those who get coverage through their employers .
The Small Business Health Care Tax Credit can cover up to 35 percent of the premiums a small business pays to cover its workers .
In 2014 , the rate will increase to 50 percent
Reduces out - of - pocket expenses so insurance does n’t still leave families holding the bag
Bans lifetime limits on coverage
The Recovery Act : As the President noted in his last Weekly Address , you can get a good handle on how the Recovery Act might help you out on your taxes through our Tax Savings Tool .
Here ’s a glance at how the numbers break down nationwide :
Over $ 160 Billion - Tax relief provided through the Recovery Act so far to families and businesses .
Nearly $ 3,000 - The record average tax refund taxpayers are seeing this tax season , something the IRS says is largely due to the Recovery Act .
Nearly 10 % - The percentage average tax refunds are up this year - something the IRS says is largely due to Recovery Act tax credits .
95 % - The percentage of working families benefiting from the Recovery Act's Making Work Pay tax credit , making it the broadest tax credit in the history of the country .
$ 800 - The amount most married couples are collecting through their paychecks this year thanks to the Recovery Act 's Making Work Pay tax credit .
Individuals collected $ 400 this year thanks to Making Work Pay .
Up to $ 2,500 - The expanded amount eligible taxpayers can collect with the American Opportunity Credit to help cover college expanses thanks to the Recovery Act .
Up to $ 8,000 - The amount new homebuyers can collect this year for purchasing their first home thanks to the Recovery Act 's expansion of the First - Time Homebuyers Tax Credit .
Up to $ 1,500 - The amount homeowners can collect this year on improvements made to their homes like energy - efficient windows , doors and insulation thanks to Recovery Act tax credits .
65 % - The amount by which the Recovery Act cut the cost of COBRA health insurance premiums for unemployed workers last year through an up - front tax credit .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
Wind farms at Gunfleet Sands and Robin Rigg mean the UK can now power up to 700,000 homes .
From BusinessGreen , part of the Guardian Environment Network
The UK cemented its position as the leading player in the global offshore wind energy market today with the announcement that it has attained one gigawatt of installed offshore wind capacity .
Trade association RenewableUK said that the completion of Dong Energy 's Gunfleet Sands offshore wind farm and E.ON 's Robin Rigg development means that the UK now boasts 11 working offshore wind farms , featuring 336 wind turbines capable of generating power for up to 700,000 homes .
The association said that the rapidly expanding sector was also poised to accelerate further , with more than 40 GW of capacity now at various stages of the development pipeline .
Most notably , around 30 GW of capacity is expected to be delivered through the recently awarded Round 3 projects , the first of which are expected to come online during the second half of the decade .
" The UK offshore wind industry has come of age , " said Maria McCaffery , chief executive of RenewableUK .
" In the last 10 years we have built a brand new world - leading industry sector that will create long - term value for this country . "
She added that the UK wind energy industry now had the foundations in place to build a " position of global leadership " and establish a flourishing supply chain that will create jobs and provide a major boost to the country 's emerging marine energy industry .
The landmark was welcomed by each of the three main political parties , which each vowed to deliver policies that would accelerate the expansion of the offshore wind industry .
The landmark comes a day after new figures from the European Wind Energy Association ( EWEA ) suggested that the UK's oft - criticised wind farm planning system is not so bad compared to some of its European neighbours .
The trade association reported that on average it takes 42 months to get building consent for a wind farm in the EU , compared with an average 27 - month wait in the UK .
Finland topped the league table with an eight - month wait , followed by Austria with 10 months , Italy with 18 and Romania with 15 .
In contrast , wind developers in Portugal , a country with some of the best wind resources in Europe , had to wait an average of 58 months to receive planning approval , while it took more than 50 months in Spain and Greece .
The report also highlighted huge variations in the level of complexity wind farm developers have to navigate , with Danish developers having to contact just five different agencies when seeking planning permission .
On the other hand , Greek developers have to contact 41 different bodies .
" If Europe is serious about reaching 20 per cent renewables by 2020 , some member states need to streamline their consent procedures for wind farms , " said Justin Wilkes , EWEA policy director .
" There are a number of actions all member states could take : creating a one - stop - shop approach for contacting the different authorities , writing clear guidelines for developers , and introducing better and streamlined spatial planning procedures . "
The report also found that planning delays were far less severe for offshore wind farms , with developers waiting just 18 months on average for a decision .
Response to both Obama 's space policy and my blog post about it were pretty much as I expected .
Haters , lovers , people who did n't actually read what I wrote or listened to what Obama actually said , some thoughtful , some knee jerk .
The usual .
But my favorite is from Congressman Todd Akin ( R - MO ) , who , in a press release , posted this :
The decision by the Obama administration to gut NASA ’s manned flight program does more than jeopardize the long term goals of solar system exploration , the cancellation of the space shuttles replacement will effectively leave the United States reliant upon the Soviet Union to grant us access to low earth orbit .
As a member of the Armed Services Committee I am very concerned with that possibility , and as an American I am disappointed by the prospect .
It does n't surprise me that someone would erroneously say that Obama is gutting the manned space flight program , when we know he is n't and when he may in fact be saving it .
It does n't surprise me that people are forgetting that private industry is poised to take us into low Earth orbit before Constellation could have , though it 's odd for a " fiscally conservative " Republican Congressman -- and therefore , one assume , pro-business -- to forget such a thing .
It also does n't surprise me that someone would blame Obama about us having to rely on foreign partners for access to space after the Shuttle retires , and it certainly does n't surprise me that a Republican Congressman would say such a thing , even though this necessity came about because of President Bush 's decision to retire the Shuttle and not have a replacement ready for at least five years after .
But what I do find really interesting is that a Congressman on the Armed Services Committee would refer to Russia as " the Soviet Union " .
Pssst ! Congressman Akin : it 's the 21st century .
It stopped being the USSR in 1991 .
I guess it 's hard to keep up with such things if you can't see Russia from your state , though .
[ Update ( 14:30 MT ) : Apparently , Congressman Akin 's release has been updated , replacing " Soviet Union " with " Russian Federation " .
My congratulations and thanks to his team .
Now , if they could fix the other egregiously wrong things he said in that release , we 'll be copacetic . ]
Tip o' the Cossack hat to ScottW .
British boffins say they have identified the key " smed- prop " gene which allows Planarian flatworms to regenerate any part of their body following an injury - even their brains .
The discovery is seen as a step towards regeneration therapy for humans in future .
Top bio - boffin Dr Aziz Aboobaker and grad student Daniel Felix , who carried out the new research , say that the discovery of " smed- prep " unlocks the mechanisms by which the hard - to - kill Planarians grow new muscle , gut and brain cells from stem - cells which are present even in adults .
Even more importantly , it seems that the information contained in smed - prep also makes the new cells appear in the right place and organise themselves into working structures - as opposed to nonfunctional blobs of protoplasm .
Understanding the process completely in worms , according to Aboobaker , is a necessary prerequisite for making it happen in humans .
Another cunning worm trick he wants to get to the bottom of is the method by which the Planarians cope with rogue stem - cells producing defective cells - regeneration gone wrong , after all , in basically cancer .
The doc suggests that it may be possible in future to simply grow new organs and limbs for injuried or sick humans - even , perhaps , to repair their damaged brain in situ .
This would be preferable to removing a duff brain and growing a new one , as happens when a planarian worm 's head is cut off .
" If we know what is happening when tissues are regenerated under normal circumstances , we can begin to formulate how to replace damaged and diseased organs , tissues and cells in an organised and safe way following an injury caused by trauma or disease .
This would be desirable for treating Alzheimer 's disease , for example , " says Aboobaker .
" With this knowledge we can also assess the consequences of what happens when stem cells go wrong during the normal processes of renewal — for example in the blood cell system where rogue stem cells can result in Leukaemia , " he adds .
Felix , who actually did the worm - chopping during the experimental programme , said :
" It has been a really exciting project and I feel very lucky " .
Felix and Aboobaker 's paper , The TALE Class Homeobox Gene Smed - prep Defines the Anterior Compartment for Head Regeneration , is available here free , courtesy of the journal PLoS Genetics . ®
After two and a half years , and the help of a bunch of people we have managed to finish our migration to GTK+3 and Python 3 !
It honestly was a ton of work to get this done and it almost definitely would n’t have been completed without the help of Patrick Monnerat to not only get [… ]
Hi all , you may have noticed me rummaging around lately .
I ’ve been pretty much absent for a handful of years , but I got an itch recently to get back involved .
Thanks go to Daniel for picking up the slack while I and others were dormant and moving us into modern times with Github !
My goal [… ]
With the shift to github out of the way , we ’ve decide to release a new version of rabbitvcs .
It ’s available via github , and contains 16 important bug fixes and features .
Please report issues via github
We ’ve uploaded Ubuntu packages to the main PPA , and other distributions are encouraged to produce their own packages as needed . [… ]
We ’re shifting to github .
The existing issue tracker and downloads will remain in place on google code , but new issues and releases will be via github .
We ’ve seen quite a lot of activity from the community since our past 0.15.1 release , in the form of patches , bug reports and discussion .
We ’re proud to announce the 0.15.2 release , which aims to resolve a number of painful or annoying defects .
The changelog contains the full detail .
Download RabbitVCS v0.15.2 at : http://wiki.rabbitvcs.org/wiki/download
Homepage : http://www.rabbitvcs.org [… ]
Wait , you 're just going to celebrate Pi Day by eating PIE ?
Boring !
If you really want to profess your constant and irrational love for everyone 's favorite ratio , you should just sit and stare at it !
Consider its beauty !
Fondly peruse its digits until they all run together in a big , transcendental blob .
That 's what real pi fans do .
The future of the Eurozone is decidedly hanging in the balance at the moment .
As I said earlier in the week , the problem isnâ€™t a simple question economics anymore : everything now is all about credibility , about who does what , and when , and how everyone else reacts .
As the crisis trundles on and on , news that Greek bond spreads have hit ever higher post European Monetary Union records has become such a regular event that the process now seems almost a monotonous one .
However , what happened on what we could now call this weekâ€™s Greek â€ œBlack Thursdayâ€ certainly marked a new , and more worrying milestone in the ever evolving crisis .
The news this morning that Greece has demanded the activation of the EU - IMF loan – news which apparently took even the EU Commission itself by surprise it seems – only adds to the general sense of confusion that abounds .
The problem we are presented with is not only that Greek 10 - year bond yields reached 8.83 per cent , their highest levels since 1998 , or that the cost of insuring Greek government debt against default hit a record high of 616 basis points .
The really disturbing development was that spreads on government bonds all around Europeâ€™s periphery â€ “ including countries like Hungary and Bulgaria – widened sharply , raising heightened concerns that Greek contagion may move from being a mere possibility to becoming a reality .
And the cost of protecting peripheral eurozone borrowers against default also hit record levels , with Spain and Portugal touching record highs for their Credit Default Swap prices .
The surge in Greek bonds followed news that Eurostat , the European Unionâ€™s statistical service , had revised its estimate of the countryâ€™s 2009 deficit to 13.6 per cent of gross domestic product from 12.7 per cent , and the announcement that Moodyâ€™s Ratings Agency had downgraded Greek sovereging debt to A3 from A2 .
Markets are obviously nervous at the moment , and understandably so , with two issues in the forefront of their minds .
In the first place the real level of commitment of core Europe , and especially Germany , to supporting the periphery through several years of difficult and painful structural adjustment is far from clear .
On the other , the ability of political leaders in Greece and other affected countries to carry their citizens with them through the sacrifices which will be required to maintain the monetary system intact continues to remain in doubt .
German voters are notably uneasy about lending money to Greece , and a sizeable majority of them are against any form of aid .
Reticence on the part of Angela Merkelâ€™s coalition partner also makes obtaining parliamentary backing for the loan difficult , and the FDP senior spokesman on financial questions , Frank Schaeffler , stated bluntly this week that either Greece needed to intensify its austerity plan or it should leave the Euro .
Most observers , however , consider a Greek withdrawal to be only a remote possibility , given that any return to the Drachma would make the countryâ€™s debts even less payable .
In fact the threat to the integrity of the currency union comes from an altogether different quarter .
What is in now increasingly in doubt is the ability of Germanyâ€™s political leadership to carry voters with them should either Greece decide to default while continuing with Euro membership , or should other member countries be forced to apply for loans .
At the same time , some sort of Greek default is now no longer simply a theoretical possibility among many others , indeed talk of the inevitability of some form of debt restructuring ( albeit voluntary ) grows with every passing day .
Erik Nielsen European Economist with Goldman Sachs said this week he is expecting Greece to offer some sort of â€œvoluntary debt - restructuringâ€ to creditors over coming months , while JP Morgan issued a research note saying that while such restructuring may not be imminent , the move would make sense given that Greece could be seen as â€ œthe sovereign analogue of a â€˜badâ€™ company with a bad capital structureâ€ .
Restructuring is simply a polite word for default , with the difference that it is normally carried out by agreement .
The most likely form of restructuring in the present context would be debt rescheduling , whereby short and medium - term debt is converted into a long - term version , as happened with the so - called â€ œBrady bondsâ€ devised by the US Treasury to resolve the debt difficulties of a number of Latin American countries in the late 1980s .
One indication that the ground may be being prepared for some kind of restructuring can be found in the decision reported by German Deputy Finance Minister Joerg that any aid to Greece would come in the form of pooled loans from the euro - zone countries and not through the purchase of Greek bonds .
Plans to purchase bonds are â€œoff the table , â€  he said .
This procedure implies that government loans would be strongly guaranteed , while private bond holders would really pay the price for the Greek â€œrescueâ€ .
At the same time voices are now being raised asking whether it would not be a better idea for Germany , rather than financing more and more loans , simply to put its losses down to experience and go back to the Deutsche mark ?
According to Joaquin Fels , Chief Global Economist at Morgan Stanley , the Greek rescue measures could â€œset a bad precedent for other euro - area member states and make it more likely that the euro area degenerates into a zone of fiscal profligacy , currency weakness and higher inflationary pressures over time , â€ in this case â€œcountries with a high preference for price stability , such as Germany , might conclude that they would be better off with a harder but smaller currency union.â€ 
Evidently such statements can be read as bargaining postures , attempts to get politicians and voters in the South of Europe to focus their minds on the problem in hand , but they can also be read as warnings of what could happen if they do not .
At the present time the situation is extraordinarily confused .
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou ’s formal request for financial financial support seems to have taken almost everyone completely by surprise although it should n’t have , since as I reported in my earlier post the Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou had previously warned that his country could call on loan backup from the EU and the IMF even while talks with the 20 strong EU , ECB and IMF mission were continuing .
Actual details of the level of financial support which will be offered remain scant at this point .
According to G20 sources who spoke to Reuters , the Greek government have only asked at this point for a first tranche downpayment , to give them working capital to keep going while the talks continue ( think of the JP Morgan distressed company talks with the receiver analogy ) .
What is quite striking , however , is how the government let things come to this pass before striking the decisive agreement – evidently they could not hold out till after the German regional elections , and that is another worrying sign .
When all is said and done , one thing is obvious , the forthcoming loan will clearly have some kind of super - senior status ( which means it would be payable before ALL other creditors – German voters would settle for nothing less ) , and this implies that it is likely to be existing bondholders , and not EU national governments , who are going to be invited invited to pay for the Greek bailout .
How they will react to this realisation is what remains to be seen in the days and weeks to come .
Posted by John , April 24th , 2010 - under Uncategorised .
Tags : ANZAC day
Ruling classes around the world have their national myths .
These attempt to tie working people to the capitalist class through the false idea of nationhood – a recent historical development .
The Australian version of this national myth is Anzac day .
It is supposedly the day Australia became a nation .
It celebrates our defeat at Gallipoli in 1915 .
It is important to understand the historical context around the establishment of this day .
The first Anzac day was held in 1916 .
The war to end all wars was bogged down in bloody slaughter .
In Australia support for the imperialist adventure was split .
Many workers remembered the bitter class battles of the 1890s and the depression that drove many into poverty .
Workers had ignored Federation , despite the cheer squads of Australian capitalism attempting to use that event to glue workers to the system and the exploitation that arises from it .
For many workers class was the most important determinant of loyalty .
The war further exacerbated class divisions .
Many rejected outright participation in the battle between two competing imperialisms .
Others , influenced by the Labor Party , supported it but opposed conscription .
The class still had a memory of internationalism , and the impending outbreak of revolutions across Europe ( including the German revolution , which ended Germany ’s war ) would only further reinforce this sense of class solidarity across borders and against the common enemy – capital .
Here in Australia the divisions were highlighted by the rapid growth of the Industrial Workers of the World , a revolutionary group committed to a democratic society without bosses .
Indeed the “ Wobblies ” were such a threat that the police and security forces framed leading members for arson , and the state made being a member illegal , closed down their press and finally outlawed the organisation itself .
Conscription was the issue that saw class divisions come out most starkly in Australia .
Working people and their parties opposed conscription , and defeated both referendums on the issue .
The ALP split , with the forces around Billy Hughes going over to join the Conservatives and form a Government .
In 1917 there was a general strike in Australia .
Overseas the Tsar ’s regime in Russia collapsed after a five - day strike begun by women workers on International Working Women ’s Day .
The first Anzac Day was an attempt to divert anger away from the capitalist class to those who were “ disloyal ” .
It was also an important part of the pro-conscription propaganda .
The immediate concern the ruling class had was that disaffected soldiers – and there were many , having witnessed the reality of war – would link up with the radical sections of society .
Anzac day deliberately offered them an alternative , an alternative that celebrated their role and remembered those who died rather than questioning why war occurred and why workers died for profits .
In fact , class polarisation ( which reached its apogee in 1917 in Russia with the working class taking power on 7 November ) continued in Australia and elsewhere for a number of years after 1916 and 1917 .
This saw Anzac day almost disappear in the early 1920s .
It revived after that as the revolutionary tide ebbed ( exemplified by the rise of Stalin in Russia and Stalinism elsewhere ) .
The forerunner of the RSL rebuilt itself by setting up clubs and pubs and helping returned servicemen and women ( especially during the Depression ) .
World War II saw the idea of Australia , as a nation , “ arrive ” ( and also boosted the popularity of Anzac day ) .
The sense of class and internationalism lost its way under Stalinism and in Australia the Communist Party wrapped itself in the flag of patriotism to fight the fascists .
In fact World War II was a repeat of World War I – the clash of two blocs of imperialism .
Australia has always had an imperialist “ protector ” .
This used to be Britain and is now the US .
As part of our ruling class ’s desire to be the major imperialist power in the region , we have attached ourselves to a powerful ally which will enable us to carry out that role .
To do that we must pay our dues .
That is why we have a long history of following our ally into imperialist adventures around the world .
From Sudan in 1885 to Iraq in 2003 we have participated in a large number of foreign wars to help keep the UK and the US on side with our own expansionist project .
So even though Kevin Rudd pulled out of Iraq he is continuing our role in Afghanistan to show to the US his commitment to the alliance and to allow our own role in the region – East Timor , the Solomon islands , PNG for example – to continue .
Gallipoli itself is an example of our ongoing imperialist view of the world .
We were part of a force that invaded a country that we had no quarrel with and which did not threaten us .
Anzac day also performs another function .
War is an integral part of capitalism and imperialism .
Most people ’s initial reaction is to recoil from war and all the horror it brings .
Anzac day downplays that horror and makes war acceptable .
It is propaganda to allow the ruling class to call on the next generation of workers to join the war effort if needed .
And it may divert people ’s attention away from immediate economic concerns – I may be losing my house or job but at least we diggers are good fighters and I am so proud my son is in Iraq .
Or Afghanistan .
Or East Timor .
Or the Solomon Islands .
Right now there is war going on around the world .
It ’s the war of the bosses against workers .
The dead are many .
According to the Australian Manufacturing Workers ’ Union around the world ‘ work is more deadly than war , causing up to 2.3 million fatalities a year through related injuries and disease . ’
International Workers ’ Memorial Day is this Wednesday 28 April .
This article first appeared in Online Opinion .
Readers might also like to look at Kyla Cassells ’ review of the book ‘ What ’s wong with Anzac ?
The militarisation of Australian history ’ in an article called Anzac day is a celebration of war in Socialist Alternative .
Who ’s top dog in your office kingdom ?
If you ’re convinced that the office would devolve into mayhem without your team ’s contributions , you ’re not alone –in thinking you ’re the most important , that is .
Most of us have the tendency to see our own contributions in a rosy light .
Those colleagues on other teams tend to be , well , different .
See where you figure into this grid .
( If you ’re on a team not mentioned here , comment on how you might see yourself and be seen by others ! )
Click to Enlarge
We launched the Dresden Files RPG preorder on this past Sunday , and I ’ve been plenty transparent about what ’s going on over on Twitter , both in the fredhicks and dresdenfiles tweeter accounts .
So , I was tooling around for commentary and ran across this post at Lamentations of the Flame Princess .
I ’m gonna quote a big chunk of it here , then get into some nitty gritties :
Tweets from Evil Hat ‘s Fred
Hicks indicate decent chances that they will hit 500 pre-orders each ( on a book that ’s not shipping for another 2 - 3 months ) today .
That ’s $ 45,000 grossed in two days .
He also said , “ If those numbers hit 1000 each in direct - sales preorders , the print run ( 5000 copies each ) and nearly all production costs will be covered . ” $ 90,000 gross to cover print and production costs .
That ’s one hell of an investment .
Evil
Hat ’s not even considered one of the “ large ” RPG companies , is it ?
I mean , before this month .
So , yeah .
It ’s one hell of an investment .
But how does it break down exactly ?
First off , consider the form factor we ’re talking about here .
Each book is full color , hardcover , full bleeds ( the ink goes all the way to the edge of the page ) .
The first is ~400 pages , and the second is ~270 pages .
Hefty little beasties .
By getting those printed domestically , I am trading a little higher unit cost for more immediate shipping times ( no customs , no slow boat from China ) and a greater likelihood my print partner will be regulated in ways I find attractive ( environmental regulations , worker protections ) , as well as the communal advantage of putting money from my company into the domestic US economy , which needs all the help it can get .
The two books at 5,000 copies each ( total of 10 k units ) price out at a total that ’s a few thousand dollars over $ 60,000 to print .
That ’s over 2/3rds of the $ 90,000 gross that was mentioned in the quoted thing above .
Yes , I could have knocked that figure down a bit , but I ’d be looking at an extra 2 - 3 months of delivery time , easy , based on what I saw come about with the send - the - files - to - getting - the - books timeline with other overseas - printed projects I ’ve worked on .
I like the choice I made there and I feel good about it .
The price point on each book is $ 49.99 for the big one ( Your Story ) and $ 39.99 for the … uh , less big one ( Our World ) .
This cover price translates into a flat fee per sale based on a percentage of the cover price that goes to Jim each time one of the books sell : it ’s the royalty stream .
No , I ’m not telling you what the percentage amount is .
With every license you ’ll encounter a different structure .
So beyond whatever other fees are involved in a book sale , the royalty percentage comes out of the total ( and in this case is not itself reduced by whatever discount I had to sell the book at ) .
In the case of an Evil Hat webstore sale , consider transactional and handling fees to take 5 - 10 % off the top .
In the case of the preorder deal , shipping is free in the USA and mildly subsidized ( about $ 6 - 10 per pair sold ) for international customers .
Consider this then to amount to us making about 90 % of cover on the usual web - store sale ( before royalties ) and 80 % for free or subsidized shipping .
( Once we start selling through IPR , direct sales will get us 70 % of cover before royalties come out ; selling into retail through IPR or distribution will put it roughly between 40 and 44 % with IPR at the high end . )
These cuts amount to the costs that scale on a per item sold basis .
I do n’t pay them until the sale is made , but they come out of our theoretical $ 90,000 gross when we ’re talking about 1000 copies of each book sold .
What ’s left out of that $ 90,000 ( minus 60 - odd thousand for the printing and the royalty percentage and transactional fees ) are the flat , usually up front costs .
Shipping could play into that ( though I tend to view it as a scaling cost factor and lump it with the above ) .
From there , I pay for art , editing , writing .
I would pay for layout , except I ’m the layout guy and I own half the company so that ’s sweat equity territory .
A lot of what ’s left of that cost is the art , in fact , and the number would have been higher if I ’d had to individually pay for every piece in the final product — but I got a big break when the guys publishing the Dresden Files comic book gave me permission to use art from that source .
( Word to the wise publisher who wants to get into licensing : think what visual assets might come along for the ride with your license ; comic books and TV shows might make the most sense from a budgetary standpoint . )
The rest after an up - front licensing fee paid to Jim went to my text oriented team .
And to be honest , with little exception , they ’ve been underpaid .
Now , everyone gets underpaid in the game industry .
No job in the hobby industry gets done without a little bit of “ I ’m paid in loving what I do ” , whether that ’s expressed explicitly ( as it was with much of my team ) or implicitly ( by the rates and the paychecks simply being what they are when they ’re offered ) .
Sweat equity happens .
All that stuff .
I do plan to pay out more if we smash through some of the bigger financial goalposts beyond simply “ break even on costs ” , and I ’ve done everything I could to do right by the Evil Hat family throughout the process .
But this project was as much about belief and fandom as commerce , and many members of the team came to me and said “ How can I help ? ”
Every game you see on every shelf is to some extent a labor of love for someone , somewhere in the process .
With the Dresden File RPG , it ’s carpeted in wall to wall love .
Still , if you ’re doing the approximated math , you can see I still paid out a solid chunk ’a change in all of this to the writing and editing team , so it ’s not for nothin’ .
( On all of the above where I ’ve been vague , I ca n’t get into the specific figures — percentages , amount paid to whom and so forth — because that information is n’t just mine to share . )
Math heads will also remember that the biggest chunk of change Evil Hat gets on a sale is one made direct through its web store .
That said I absolutely do not begrudge sales that happen to retailers through middle - men operations , whether it ’s IPR or Alliance or Esdevium or DriveThruRPG .
Those services get us more customers and they allow the customers to support more than just the publisher with their purchasing dollars .
Which is why I ’ve been enthusiastic about signing up retail stores to partner with us to offer instant PDF access for people who preorder in - store .
A retailer is an advertising program that buys your products from you — at a discount , sure , but they reach people you wo n’t necessarily reach yourself , and their customers often do n’t want to feel like they ’re forced to choose between supporting a local business and a favorite publisher .
Letting them choose both with a clear conscience is a good service to them and is why I offer it .
But to stick to the math of it , the figures I ’ve given for breaking even are based on number crunches I ’ve done built solely around our direct , webstore sales .
There are really three or four tiers at which I can evaluate breaking even on costs .
At the direct sales tier , 90 % of cover , Your Story breaks even around 1,000 copies , and Our World breaks even around 900 .
At the direct sales through IPR tier , 70 % of cover , YS is about 1,300 copies , OW is about 1,200
At the sales to retail high end , 44 % of cover , YS is 2,400 , OW is 2,100
At the low retail end , let ’s say 37 % of cover based on a deep distro cut of 40 % and free shipping to that distributor , YS is 3,000 , OW is 2,700
But basically in the “ worst case ” scenarios I could expect to encounter on this product , if I ’ve sold through ( and been paid for ) half of each print run , all costs are covered .
I plan for the worst case , seasoned with a bit of optimism that asserts I ’ll sell at least the quantity of this “ worst ” case .
But in terms of targets for my webstore orders — my best case —
I ’m looking more at numbers somewhere between the first and second bullet .
( Remember , about 10 % of a preordered pair goes towards covering that free or subsidized shipping cost . )
So in truth we ’ll hit our break even point through our webstore sales alone if we go a little bit beyond 1,000 preorders of each .
But 1,000 was such a nice round number that it ’s what I tweeted as our goal .
Any questions ?
One of the most exciting things about the new Doctor Who season has been Karen Gillan , who brings a bubbly cynicism to the role of companion Amy Pond .
We asked her about abandonment issues , and whether Amy 's headed for superhero - dom .
Advertisement
We were lucky to talk to Gillan on the phone a couple weeks back .
This interview has spoilers for " The Eleventh Hour " and " The Beast Below , " and minor spoilers for some upcoming episodes .
When we first meet Amy she 's a little girl .
But the grown - up Amy also ages two years in " The Eleventh Hour " and we hear you 'll be playing a version of Amy who 's another five years older as well .
What 's it like playing the same character at different ages ?
Advertisement
It 's interesting , because we meet her at different points of her life .
When we first meet her , obviously , I 'm not playing that Amy .
But what we see is a kind of accepting little girl , who says , " Okay , right , you 're a time traveler , okay . "
And then we meet her when she 's older , for various reasons , she 's very cynical and skeptical .
So we see different aspects of her and how the Doctor has affected her .
After the Doctor keeps disappearing on Amy , does she finally learn to trust him again ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I think she wants to , with all her might — she 's trying to — but something 's telling her , " Don't . "
Advertisement
So it 's more of a thorny relationship .
Yeah .
It 's not an easy ride at all for the Doctor , because Amy is not a happy lady at all , when we meet her in the first episode as a grown - up .
She 's very distrusting of him , but also she 's kind of mad like him as well .
So they kind of make a really strange team .
Advertisement
So the Doctor 's shaped Amy 's whole life .
Is he sort of a mythic figure to her ?
Yeah .
He almost becomes like this myth , and I think that it really affects her , that it was only her that saw this man .
And she knows it 's real , but nobody else believes it , and I think that that can be quite psychologically damaging .
She 's quite complex in that way , and she finds it hard to accept that he 's real , I think .
Advertisement
So the companion is sort of the proxy for the audience , traditionally .
Do you find it difficult having to be millions of people , all at once ?
That 's quite a daunting way of seeing it .
Yeah , she is the kind of the eyes of the show , we see it through her point of view because she 's a human and we can relate to her .
[ But ] that 's a really small aspect of her , to be honest .
I think the series is kind of her story in a way , and so much stuff happens to her .
And how she 's affected by the Doctor , a time traveler , being in her life , is kind of the most interesting thing about her .
So it 's kind of a massive journey for her .
Advertisement
So you meet River Song .
Are you going to be rivals ?
I do n't want to spoil anything , because it 's a brilliant two parter , when she comes back , and the Weeping Angels are in that episode as well .
But I would say that Amy is ...
I think from what we learn in the first episode , she does n't like to be possessed by anyone — maybe not Rory for instance , so I do n't think she would ever project that onto anyone else , like the Doctor for instance .
So I do n't think she would be jealous of River Song 's relationship with the Doctor .
Advertisement
So Amy comes from this fictional town , Leadworth , it 's very deliberately not a real place .
Is it meant to be a fairytale village ?
Did you think about what it would be like to live there ?
I 'm not sure exactly why Leadworth .
But I think Steven [ Moffat ] wanted something quintessentially English .
We were very used to London , in the previous Doctor Who .
So something else that 's quintessentially English is a little village .
And it 's quite refreshing .
Also , the whole feel of this series is really fairytale , so it just seems a perfect fit , really , to have this cute little English village .
Advertisement
So is there much call for a kiss - o - gram in a small English village like that ?
How much work would you actually get ?
Well , I mean she seems to be a working lady .
[ Laughs ]
So , a surprising amount in Leadworth , perhaps .
I think what 's interesting about Leadworth and being quintessentially English is , she 's this Scottish girl , so she 's an alien like the Doctor .
Advertisement
What do you think about people who complain that Amy is too sexy ?
I do n't know .
There 's been a long line of companions who have been considered sexy , and I do n't think it 's anything new .
As for the length of her " policewoman " skirt and everything , it 's just part of the plot .
And also , I can walk down the street and see people wearing stuff more revealing than that .
So I do n't really see the big deal .
Advertisement
It seems like a some of the previous companions , like Donna or Rose , have gone on to become super - powerful .
Almost like superheroes , and this is their origin story .
Do you see that happening with Amy ?
Ooh , I do n't know .
I think that she definitely changes a lot , a lot , a lot , over the course of this series .
I do n't know .
It would be quite fun , would n't it ?
But I mean , I like her .
I like the relationship between the Doctor and Amy , and it always scares to think that it might finish .
And that 's what always seems to happen when they become superheroes .
Suddenly their memory gets wiped or something .
[ Laughs ]
Advertisement
That was very unfair , what happened to Donna .
Oh , absolute tragedy .
[ Laughs ]
Advertisement
So do you hope to return for another season ?
I would ...
I certainly would n't say no .
Can you talk a little bit about the humor ?
How do you bring out the humor in these bizarre situations , without turning it into a send - up ?
Because the great humor has been one of the really striking things about the new season .
Advertisement
I think they 're funny as a team anyway , and them just trying to deal with these situations that they 're in , and I just find that funny in itself .
And also , Steven Moffat is a very funny writer , and he 's written many great comedy shows before this , so there 's loads of witty things in there .
But the most important thing for is not to try and make it funny , because then it could become a bit slapstick .
So I think actually playing the truth of the situation , which is completely mental and bizarre is , in itself , quite funny .
Advertisement
So in " The Beast Below , " Amy chooses to forget , and the Doctor 's quite angry with her .
And they have their first falling out .
It seems like the Doctor 's holding all the cards , in a way .
He can send her home , he can cut her off .
Is that pretty much the power dynamic we get the whole time ?
I do n't think so .
I think it 's up and down .
I think a roller - coaster of a relationship , and status wise , it 's sort of changing all the time , which I think you 'll see throughout the course of the series .
But it 's interesting to see their first bit of conflict and being faced with a situation where he actually may take me home .
Advertisement
Do we see more of why Amy is in love with her fiance Rory at some point ?
It seems like the main emotions we 've seen so far are trepidation , and not being sure whether she wants to go through with the wedding .
I think that she 's in a strange place .
She cares about him , but she needs to do a lot more stuff in her life , before she settles down in Leadworth .
I do n't want to give anything away , because it 's all spoilers .
I think they 've got an interesting relationship .
Amy , she 's kind of ...
I think there is a love there , but it 's well hidden .
Advertisement
Is Amy somebody who has a hard time forming attachments to people ?
She has a distrust of everyone .
She 's really cynical and skeptical , and I mean , even when we meet her she 's sort of abandoned already .
She 's this lost soul , actually .
Advertisement
[ Spoiler alert — this next question is a bit more spoilery . ]
The Radio Times mentioned , in its episode listings , that Amy 's going to be pregnant in an upcoming episode .
What was that like ?
Advertisement
That comes a bit later in the series .
But I have to say , I had the most fun .
It was brilliant , and it 's funny how something like that can affect you .
It 's interesting .
Head shots , too , are no longer reliable .
Ms. Marin said she sometimes checks AwfulPlasticSurgery.com , a celebrity Web site that chronicles the surgically enhanced , to confirm suspicions about who has done what .
When Ms. Alessi was casting “ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” in 2007 , she received hundreds of head shots .
Some of the actresses who arrived for auditions , though , looked nothing like their photographs .
Image Credit ... Matthew Richardson
“ They would have these huge puffy lips and frozen foreheads , ” she said .
“ You said to yourself , ‘ Oh , I ca n’t use you . ’
I do n’t mind if they do a tiny bit of something , but it ca n’t be obvious . ”
An actor can even lose a role if a director suspects surgery , whether it was performed or not .
John Papsidera , a casting director for the “ Batman ” movies , said he and a director ( he declined to say which one ) recently debated whether to hire an actress in her early 20s to play a teenager falling in love .
The actress was talented and naturally pretty .
But what stopped the director was his suspicion that , at such a young age , she already had breast implants .
“ We looked at film where she was topless and it was like , ‘ Maybe , ’ ” Mr. Papsidera said .
It was n’t a period film , so authenticity was not an issue .
Instead , the possibility of implants became “ a point of reference , ” he said .
“ It was more of , ‘ Where is that person coming from as an actor ? ’ ” She did not get the part .
To outsiders , such conversations can seem almost cruel .
Youthful perfection is prized in Hollywood despite the seeming canonization of older actresses like Meryl Streep , Helen Mirren and Betty White .
But a talented 35 - plus actress who has had particularly good surgery can still find work .
At that age the backlash is not against plastic surgery or Botox itself — everyone seems to be doing it , right ? — but its poor execution .
“ Behind the scenes , you have so many conversations , ” said Mr. Levy , the director , referring to his discussions with studio executives about leading ladies .
“ Why did she do that to herself ?
She was beautiful .
She was great .
But now we ca n’t cast her . ”
The UK uses the ‘ first past the post ’ system of electing its MPs .
This means that a general election is really 650 local elections ,
all being held at the same time .
The UK is divided into 650 ‘ seats , ’ or ‘ constituencies . ’
Each of these elects one Member of Parliament ,
the one who gets the highest number votes out of all the candidates
standing in that constituency .
Most constituencies stay with the same party , election after election .
These are generally called ‘ safe ’ seats .
Most of the people living in a safe seat have similar views to each other .
They tend to vote the same way , decade after decade .
Only a few seats tend to change hands in an election .
These are the ones with a more balanced mix of viewpoints among
the voters .
In some of these seats , it only takes a shift of a few dozen votes for
the seat to ‘ fall ’ – i.e. to change hands .
These are called the ‘ marginal seats . ’
The parties put most of their time , effort and money into these seats ,
because these are the ones that can be easily won or lost .
Therefore , if you live in a marginal seat , politicians take much more notice
of your views .
For example , after the 2010 election the Conservative Party held the seat of Warwickshire North with a 53 vote majority
over Labour .
The Conservatives knew they could lose this seat very easily at the next election .
Therefore , Conservative politicians tried very hard to please the people
In Warwickshire North .
Labour , too , wanted to woo these people , because only a few
of them would have to change their allegiance for the next Labour
candidate to win the seat .
This website has been designed to help voters everywhere work out
how marginal their constituency is , and which parties are most
hotly contesting it .
The database that feeds the information to this site was designed by us
at justsolutions , from information obtained from the Electoral Commission .
Use the links below to search the database and find out which seats are
most likely to fall in the next election , and who the likely winners and
losers will be .
Everyone knows the tiger , the panda , the blue whale , but what about the other five to thirty million species estimated to inhabit our Earth ?
Many of these marvelous , stunning , and rare species have received little attention from the media , conservation groups , and the public .
This series is an attempt to give these ‘ forgotten species ‘ some well - deserved attention .
Travelers to tropical destinations are likely familiar with the gecko .
Clinging to walls and ceilings of buildings — sometimes staring down at you from the bedroom ceiling or glancing at you quizzically from the bathroom door — the small adhesive - footed lizard could be aptly described in some tropical areas as ubiquitous .
Despite the apparent commonness of some species , geckos are delightful lizards with round wide eyes , a thick gripping tongue , and of course that amazing knack of seemingly defying gravity with specialized toe pads .
But not all geckos are as easily found — or as common — as those hanging out , literally , in a jungle lodge .
The Gekko gigante , also known as the Gigante narrow - disked gecko , has been little - noticed by the public .
Even scientists know little about the lovely gray - and - blue gecko beyond the fact that it lays its eggs on cool moist cave walls in two Philippine Islands .
In fact , the species is so cryptic that it does n’t even have the honor of its own Wikipedia page .
Meaning that all 172 episodes of the subpar Star Trek : Voyager television show have their very own Wikipedia page , but our living , breathing Gekko gigante does not .
No , this photo is not upside down , the Gekko gigante was caught hanging upside down in its cave habitat .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
Because it lives deep in cave crevices , the Gekko gigante successfully avoided discovery by science for a considerable time .
First noted by scientists in 1974 , the Gekko gigante has yet to be assessed by the IUCN Red List as to its conservation status .
But considering its small range — two islands — and its specialized habitat — caves — it ’s likely that the gecko’s population is tiny , according to Pierre Fidenci .
“ It is currently found in two small islands ( North and South Gigante Islands ) and its occupancy is roughly 3 - 4 km² .
Both islands are inhabited by roughly 5,000 people mostly fishermen living along the coastline , ” explains Fidenci to mongabay.com
Fidenci is the president of Endangered Species International ( ESI ) and has spent a lot of time in the Philippine seeking little - known species , such as this subterranean gecko .
ESI also often focuses on species that have been largely ignored by big conservation groups .
One of a few people to see and photograph the Gekko gigante , Fidenci says of his first encounter : “ [ the Gekko gigante ] was about 15 meters inside a cave [… ]
I thought its head was similar to caiman since I saw it from an unusual angle ! ”
Another view of the Gekko gigante .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
Much has changed on the islands , however , since the cave - dwelling gecko’s discovery in the mid-70s .
“ Both islands have already lost significant forest coverage and remaining natural forest is mostly found in area difficult to access like in karst limestone outcrops , ” says Fidenci .
An account in Haring Ibon by Rafe M. Brown and Angel C. Alcala describe the forest loss in detail : “ What remains is scrubby and stunted vegetation .
With the forest gone , conditions on Gigante changed as they have throughout most of the Philippines ’ previously forested low elevation areas : water became scarce as the local microclimate turned arid .
The absence of shade trees makes the ground hot and dry , and the rainy season erodes the topsoil into the porous limestone beneath . ”
But at least for now the endemic gecko seems to have survived the island ’s changes , probably due to its preference for caves .
But given its tiny range it is unlikely the Gekko gigante is thriving .
In fact , threats may come from an unexpected source : tourism .
“ Human population growth on both islands and increase in the number of tourists are the main threats to this species in the future , ” explains Fidenci .
“ Any disturbance or change to the caves , rock crevices , or rocky environment could dramatically impact the survival of the gecko .
The caves are attractive and can be walked deep making them a destination for tourists .
Another threat includes future mining activities that could negatively impact this species . ”
Unlike many little - known endangered species , protecting the Gekko gigante probably would n’t be difficult or costly .
It would just take the will to do so .
For example , Fidenci recommends “ protecting most caves and restricting their visits ” .
In addition , he says that “ conservation awareness on both islands is an important part of the conservation strategy as few people are aware of their unique biodiversity and the need to protect it .
Dynamite fishing and illegal cutting of trees still occur on both islands , so we have a lot of work to do in term of education and awareness . ”
View of South Gigante Island .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
Another step forward would be further the research of the Gekko gigante .
Fidenci says research is especially needed on “ home range and habitat associations . ”
Visitors to either of the Gigante Islands should educate themselves about the islands ’ unique biodiversity which also include the Gigante frog and do everything they can to mitigate their impact , according to Fidenci .
“ [ Tourists ] should avoid visiting caves and disturbing rocky environments .
Caves are home of endemic and endangered species and they constitute a main physical characteristic of both islands for wildlife .
If they cannot resist visiting them , they should do in a very small group along with local officials to avoid any impacts .
[ The Gekko gigante ] should be observed from a distance , ” Fidenci explains , adding that “ people can also support our group . ”
I ’ll add one final recommendation to the list : someone should give the Gekko gigante its very own Wikipedia page .
Entrance to cave harboring the Gekko gigante on South Gigante Island .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
Approaching South Gigante Island .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
The deforested landscape of South Gigante Island .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
The Gekko gigante .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
The Gekko gigante .
Photo by : Pierre Fidenci .
Related articles
Photo : Camouflage expert discovered in Cambodia
( 03/25/2010 ) Researchers have discovered a cryptic species of gecko in the Cardamom Mountains of Cambodia , reports Fauna & Flora International ( FFI ) , a conservation group that operates in the region .
Reptiles underrepresented on the IUCN Red List
( 11/04/2009 ) Currently there are an estimated nearly 9,000 reptiles in the world , while the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) Red List has assessed all of the world ’s described mammals , birds , and amphibians , reptiles have yet to be fully assessed , leaving herpetologists with an unclear picture of how reptiles are faring in the world .
Currently , 1,677 reptiles have been assessed ( less than 20 percent of the total number of reptile species known ) with 293 added this year .
Photos : new gecko discovered on bizarre and beautiful Socotra island
( 09/10/2009 ) Lying in the Indian Ocean half way between Somalia and Yemen , the strange island archipelagos of Socotra offer a bewildering array of life found no where else on Earth .
Thirty seven percent of its plant species , ninety percent of its reptiles , and ninety - five percent of its snail species are endemic .
Now biologists can add a new species to this list .
Italian researchers unraveled the mystery of a gecko named Hemidactylus inintellectus .
Inintellectus translates to ‘ misunderstood ’ , since the gecko , which is common on the island , was consistently confused with other species .
New gecko species discovered
( 11/08/2008 ) A previously unknown species of gecko has been discovered in the South Pacific by French scientists , reports the Associated Press .
Two new species of gecko discovered in Australia
( 10/31/2008 )
Two species of gecko have been discovered in the southern deserts of Western Australia and South Australia , report researchers from the Western Australian Museum .
Photo : commonly - kept gecko was thought to be extinct in the wild
( 09/04/2008 ) The Crested Gecko is endemic to South Province , New Caledonia in the South Pacific .
While the species is widely kept in the pet trade , the species was long believed extinct in the wild until it was rediscovered in 1994 .
It is now known to have three distinct populations and its conservation status is currently being evaluated by the IUCN .
Trade in wild - caught individuals is presently banned .
How falling a gecko lands on its feet
( 03/17/2008 ) According to new research the gecko may have the most dynamic tail in the natural world .
Two researchers from UC Berkley have discovered that the gecko uses its tail to keep itself from falling off slippery vertical surfaces and when falling to rapidly right itself .
So , like a cat , it always lands on four feet .
Gecko - inspired adhesive tape could improve recovery from surgery
( 02/18/2008 ) Researchers are close to developing a biodegradable surgical adhesive based on biomimicry of gecko feet .
Geckos are famous for their ability to walk on ceilings and vertical surfaces .
Gecko + mussels = biomimetic underwater adhesive
( 07/19/2007 ) Scientists have developed a new adhesive material based on the properties of mussels and gecko lizard .
The researchers say the biomimetic design could produce more durable and longer - lasting bandages , patches , and surgical materials .
Neon green gecko key to preventing Mauritian plant extinction
( 04/17/2007 ) A vibrantly colored gecko plays a key role in a highly threatened ecological community in Mauritius reports new research published in American Naturalist .
Studying plant - animal interactions in Mauritius , an Indian Ocean island famous for its extinct dodo bird , researchers found that a rare plant , Trochetia blackburniana , benefits from its proximity to Pandanus plants because they house high densities of geckos responsible for pollination .
The findings , which unusually identify a lizard as a key pollinator , are significant because they provide “ valuable management insights for ongoing conservation efforts to save the highly endangered flora of Mauritius .
Forgotten Species : the marooned pygmy three - toed sloth
( 03/16/2010 )
Many people consider tropical islands mini-paradises : sanctuaries cut - off from the rest of the world .
Some species flourish on islands for the same reason .
With few predators and a largely consistent environment , once a species has comfortably adapted to its habitat there ’s little to do but thrive .
That is until something changes : like humans showing up .
Changes in confined island ecosystems often have large and rapid impacts , too fast and too big for marooned species to survive .
Forgotten Species : the fiery Luristan Newt
( 02/08/2010 )
The salamander was a mythical creature before it was a real one : the word salamander means a legendary lizard that both survived - in and could extinguish fire .
A creature that the Ancient Greeks , including Aristotle , appeared to readily believe in .
No one knows how the term salamander transferred from a mythical fire - dwelling monster to the small amphibious animals it applies to today , but I have a theory .
Perhaps the sight of salamanders like Luristan newt — charcoal - black and flame - orange — caused people in the seventeenth century to lend the name of myth to the taxa .
Forgotten species : discovering the shimmer of Maathai ’s Longleg
( 01/13/2010 ) Few species receive less respect and less conservation attention than insects .
This despite the fact that they are some of the most diverse species on the planet andthey provide a number of essential services to humankind , including pollination , pest control , production ( for example honey and silk ) , waster recycling , and indications of habitat health .
Scientists are not only unsure just how many species of insects are threatened in world ; they are equally uncertain how many insects exist .
Currently there are nearly a million insect species described by science , but millions more likely exist .
It ’s probable that innumerable insect species have vanished before even being catalogued by entomologists .
Forgotten Species : the haunting whistle of the Anjouan scops - owl
( 12/03/2009 ) I know a two - year - old who is already an owl expert .
My friends ’ daughter , Harper , can identify all of North America ’s owls by photos or drawings ; even more impressive she can identify them by call .
There is one owl call , however , that she may never hear .
The Anjouan - scops owl , native to Anjouan island apart of the Comoros island chain , is on the verge of extinction .
It is so rare that for over a century it was believed to have already vanished .
Forgotten species : Madagascar ’s water - loving mammal , the aquatic tenrec
( 11/12/2009 )
There are many adjectives one could attach to the aquatic tenrec : rare , mysterious , elusive , one - of - a- kind , even adorable , though one tries to stray from such value - laden titles since it excludes so many other non-adorable inhabitants of the animal kingdom .
This small and , yes , cute insectivore , also known as the web - footed tenrec , lives in Eastern Madagascar where at night it spends the majority of its time swimming and diving in fast - moving streams for insects and tadpoles .
It sleeps during the day in small streamside burrows .
To date that is about the extent of our knowledge of this species .
So you ’ve shot a few home movies , and maybe even some scripted ones , on your HD handy - cam .
But when you play the footage back on your computer or television it sounds and looks bad .
Even if it turns out all right , there is still something that makes it look cheap and amateurish .
The biggest telltale sign of amateur work is audio quality .
Even if the footage looks relatively sharp and clear with good color depth , bad audio will cheapen the whole experience .
Crystal clear audio screams “ professional . ”
The second telltale sign of amateur work is image quality .
This tends to be a symptom of the videographer not understanding lighting science .
The subject may be too dark against a bright background , or the footage has an unwanted color tint .
A well - trained videographer can shoot amazing footage on the cheapest of handy - cams ; making it look like it was shot on a professional camera .
If you just want to shoot home videos of family and friends , then I recommend you stick to what you are already doing , but if you want to shoot videos that look and sound professional , be ready to invest around $ 500 on some extra equipment .
About HD handy - cams
First , you need to understand why HD handy - cam footage tends to look cheap when compared to professional footage .
Sensor Size
The electronic sensor that collects the light information passing through the lens tends to be very small on consumer handy - cams .
Therefore , such cameras require much more light than professional cameras to capture good footage .
Consumer cameras compensate for this small sensor size by boosting the sensitivity of the sensor ; but this results in very grainy footage .
To avoid capturing grainy footage , the auto - exposure function should be disabled and set manually .
To properly set exposure manually use the camera ’s histogram function .
Nearly all consumer handy - cams have this functionality , and when you activate it , a small graph will appear somewhere on the screen .
The graph represents the levels of tonality in the footage .
Absolute black is on the left and absolute white is on the right .
In theory , ideal footage has neither black nor white present , and the graph would be a perfect bell - curve indicating well - balanced contrast .
In practice , you increase the exposure until the histogram almost reaches the right side of the graph .
This prevents over - exposing the footage while maintaining rich shadows that are naturally occurring .
When setting the exposure , you do not want to go past 75 percent of the maximum ; doing so will result in grainy footage .
If the exposure is at 75 percent of the maximum and the histogram is nowhere near the right side of the graph , and / or the footage is definitely too dark , then you need more light .
Another symptom of a small sensor is a very deep depth - of - focus .
This means that everything looks like it is in focus , or very close to being in focus .
Professional cameras with larger sensors have the ability to focus solely on a subject , using a shallow depth - of - focus , that gives the foreground and background that beautiful blurry effect seen in Hollywood movies .
A shallow depth - of - focus can be faked on a handy - cam by using the tele - macro function .
This must be done while using a tripod to avoid the footage turning out very shaky .
Focus and white balance
Handy - cams make life easier by automating most of the video settings required to capture footage , but a good videographer will always set things manually .
Focus and white balance are two settings that can easily ruin the look of a video .
Auto - focus is very useful , but you must be aware of its limitations .
It is generally very slow to respond to sudden changes in the scene .
So , for example , if the subject suddenly gets very close to the camera , and just as quickly pulls back , the auto - focus will get confused and the whole scene will go blurry for a few seconds .
If you are shooting a very dynamic scene auto - focus is a must , but you must try to keep the changes in distance to the subject very gradual .
By making the approach or withdrawal to the subject very slow , the auto - focus is able to cope and maintain sharp focus .
If , on the other hand , you are shooting a static scene , like an interview , then a fixed focus is a better option .
Once you have set up the camera on the tripod and the subject has taken position , activate the handy - cam ’s one - touch focus function .
This will deactivate auto - focus and keep the current focus setting .
Auto - white balance is the devil — seriously , never use it .
The problem here relates to lighting science , which will be covered in detail in the next section .
Always set white balance manually by using the camera ’s one - touch white balance function .
All you have to do is hold a white piece of paper , or cardboard , in front of the camera and activate the one - touch white balance function .
Auto - white balance will be deactivated and you may notice that the image suddenly looks more faithful to the actual scene you are shooting .
Be aware that you need to white balance again if you change location — if , for example , you are indoors and you go outdoors .
While this is a good rule to follow , there are more things to consider which will be covered in the next section on lighting science .
Image processing and compression
Depending on what type of handy - cam you have , there is a plethora of possibilities for how it could be processing the footage and finally recording it to tape , hard - disk drive ( HDD ) , or flash media .
Handy - cams tend to have a shake reduction function that reduces the amount of shake when shooting by hand .
This function makes the image look more stable at the expense of reducing the quality .
It is far better practice to disable this function and use a tripod or a shoulder mounted steady - cam .
Both of these items can be bought for under $ 50 each if you search online .
Regardless of whether a camera records to tape , HDD , or flash media , there is a level of video compression applied to the footage .
The compression is primarily applied to the color range and the image resolution .
Most HDD and flash media cameras have a setting for how many hours of footage can be recorded ; set this to the least number of hours possible , which will set the footage to the highest quality setting .
Apart from this , there is nothing you can do about compression until you edit the footage , at which point you can convert it to a less compressed format and digitally enhance the color and quality .
Lighting science
When we look at the world around us through our own eyes , there 's a complicated process that delivers what we see to our consciousness .
The pupil in our eye expands or contracts to let in the amount of light required for us to see clearly .
Even in very low lighting the human eye is capable of adjusting so we can see the environment around us .
Our brain dynamically interprets the light , normalizes the information , and provides a faithful representation of the colors in the environment .
The temperature of light
What we see as white light is , at least in theory , a balanced mix of all the colors in the spectrum .
In reality , the balance is never even , and one color is more dominant than the rest .
In lighting science , a light source has a temperature attributed to it , measured in Kelvins ( K ) , which indicates the dominant color in that light source .
Cool light is dominated by the red end of the spectrum , and hot light is dominated by the blue end of the spectrum .
For example , a standard light globe is rated at 3200 K , which is quite cool , and therefore red / orange is the dominant color .
If you have your handy - cam set to auto - white balance and there are light sources of varying temperature , then the camera will continuously be trying to adjust , and you will end up with a horrible shifting color tint in your footage .
You must set your white balance manually , as mentioned previously , using the one - touch white balance .
You must also make sure all your light sources are of the same temperature .
Remember that the temperature rating does not relate to the heat of a light source , but rather its dominant color .
Here is a list of the most common light sources and their temperature ratings :
Tungsten : 3200 K ( red / orange tint ) - a
standard light globe
3200 K ( red / orange tint ) - a standard light globe
White fluorescent : 4000 K ( green tint ) -
standard office lighting
4000 K ( green tint ) - standard office lighting Daylight : 5200 K ( light blue tint ) -
this is direct sunlight
5200 K ( light blue tint ) - this is direct sunlight Cloudy : 6000 K ( blue tint ) - an overcast
sky including the shade
6000 K ( blue tint ) - an overcast sky including the shade Shade : 7000 K ( deep blue / indigo tint ) -
on a bright sunny day
Note that on a cloudy day , the temperature of light in the shade is the same as not being in the shade .
This is because the clouds diffuse the direct sunlight as well , creating a uniform light temperature in the environment .
On a sunny day in the shade , you get the light diffused by the atmosphere , but in direct sunlight you get the sun ’s un - diffused light ; two separate temperature ratings .
So if you shoot footage on a cloudy ( overcast ) day , and the camera has been properly white balanced , you can shoot anywhere and get accurate color reproduction .
If you ’ve considered getting involved in open source software development before but did n’t know where to start , keep reading .
Even before you get down to it , the first thing you must consider is what sort of task you would like to do .
The second is contemplating your skillset .
Do they match up ?
If not , you might have some learning to do .
If you are n’t a programmer and have no idea what else could possibly need to be done , here are a few ideas :
Artists are needed for making themes and wallpapers for Linux distros and desktop environments like GNOME & KDE
Make little tiny icons for programmers to put on the buttons in their programs
Translating a program from English to whatever other language you speak
Writing documentation ( no project is too - well - documented )
Tech support
Testing is a great way for early adopters to help out
Bug triaging
Packaging software for a Linux distro
Most of these may sound straightforward at first , but they all have at least some learning curve .
Once you ’ve established what you ’re interested in pursuing , the tough questions start .
If you ’re an artist , what other things do you need to learn to contribute to open source ?
Well , do you know how to use Inkscape yet ?
Inkscape is a very popular vector graphics editor that ’s great for making icons that scale well .
Depending on the project you wish to contribute , you may also be expected to learn about icon standards for the project .
For example , the Tango icon theme guidelines are a Free Desktop standard , so it ’s a good idea to make yourself familiar with them .
If you ’re making wallpapers , both GIMP and MyPaint can be very useful as well .
Are you considering translations ?
Different projects handle this aspect very differently .
Most open source projects use . po files to specify translations , but not all .
You can create . po files directly with PoEdit .
Projects hosted on Launchpad may use Launchpad ’s Rosetta web application to accept translations ( though these are still . po files in the backend ) .
And then there ’s
Qt which uses .ts files instead of . po files , edited using Qt Linguist .
Not all Qt programs use .ts files though .
Some , like Quassel , have found ways to use . po files in spite of being Qt .
Have you considered updating the wikis ?
If you ’re good at explaining things and want to write documentation , many projects have wiki pages that could use some updates .
And do n’t forget about help files !
In many instances these usually need some love , too .
Depending on the project , the tools you ’ll need to know how to use will also vary .
For GNOME , Mallard is the format used for help docs .
For many others , it ’s DocBook , an XML - based documentation format that can output PDFs , manpages , webpages , and others .
Then again , maybe you want to give a bit more one - on - one help ?
If so , many projects have IRC channels on FreeNode or have messages boards where users come for help .
Have you considered being a tester ?
If you always liked to play with the newest bleeding edge code , even before its final release form , and you do n’t mind when it breaks , why not try you hand at being a tester ?
Just keep playing with the latest code as you normally would , but make sure you report the bugs you find .
Some projects will have nightly builds to make it easy for you to install the latest stuff .
For the ones that do n’t , you ’ll have to learn to use a version control system ( ex : bzr , cvs , git , hg , or svn ) to check out the source code .
Whether you ’re testing or triaging bugs , you need to learn to use the project ’s bug tracker .
Debian BTS is modified through email , but Debian has the command “ reportbug ” to make sure necessary information like package versions are included .
Ubuntu ’s equivalent is “ ubuntu - bug ” but it has a web interface on Launchpad .
Lots of other projects use Launchpad as well .
Bugzilla is probably the most common bug tracker you ’ll find .
GNOME , KDE , and Mozilla all use it , and it does a good job of asking the reporter relevant questions so that the report is useful .
What about bug triaging ?
Bug triaging means getting a bug report to the point that a developer can sit down and fix it without having to ask any more questions .
At the most basic , you need version numbers and exact steps to reproduce the problem .
If you can reproduce the bug , good !
But then it gets more complicated .
You ’ll probably have to become a bit of an expert in whatever software you ’re triaging bugs in order to identify what could be going wrong .
How about packaging ?
Packaging means taking a bundle of source code and turning it into something a user can install .
For Windows this would be a .exe , for OSX a .dmg , and for Linux it could mean a .rpm or a .deb .
It could also mean a Python Egg .
Each of those will require learning a different method .
After a while , you ’ll learn “ recipes ” for how to package things .
Programming experience is helpful to figure out if applying a patch is a good idea , but most patches integrated at the package level should be fairly small or coming from upstream ( and thus already vetted ) .
A bit of shell scripting and an understanding of the patch command are a minimum .
OK , so that covers many of the non-code things you can do , but what if you are a programmer ?
Well , many projects will have smaller tasks that need to be done that ’ll help you become familiar with the code base .
KDE calls these Junior Jobs .
Ubuntu calls them Bitesize .
Ask around in your project .
And some more tips :
If you ’re trying to find a project that needs help with your skills or want a bit of a search engine for small tasks to start out , you might want to join OpenHatch , a tool for matching up open source projects with contributors .
It matches your profile and skillset to projects where those skills are needed .
Very handy !
By the way , if you ’re a university student and can code , you might want to consider the Google Summer of Code .
You get paid to design and complete an addition to an open source project , and you have a mentor within that project helping you along the way .
Ever thought about getting involved in open source software development ?
Do you have any tips to share ?
If you ’ve thought about it but not done so , why not ?
Were there barriers you saw that you think need to be broken down ?
Tech geeks love numbers .
When discussing computers , they speak of gigabits and gigahertz , of RAM and ports .
The more tech adept among them will even swap out the internals or write their own code .
They are tinkerers extraordinaire , and are just as happy customizing their rigs as they are in using their machines for their intended purposes , be it work or pleasure .
Then there 's everyone else .
I became a Mac user because I got tired of cracking my machine open to deal with hardware , and I got tired of fighting my software to get any work done .
My work needs are simple : a browser , a word processor , and sporadic use of office productivity software ( covered by Microsoft Office and Apple iWorks ) .
With Google Docs , I use less and less of my desktop apps .
I love cloud - based computing .
I was a PC gamer , but the current generation of dedicated gaming consoles took care of that .
My Xbox , despite being made by Microsoft , is stable , fast , and runs my games perfectly .
How could a company that gave us Windows build such a great gaming platform ?
Because it was a closed system .
Able to control its hardware and software , Microsoft avoided the instability created by the endless hardware / software configurations found on PCs .
Not only are users spared the pain of endless crashes , but they do n't have to worry about hardware requirements when purchasing games .
Rather than fret about whether one has enough Video RAM or processor speed , it 's literally plug and play .
Of course , that kind of stability has a price .
Microsoft requires
Xbox developers to register themselves , and all games must be approved by the company before they can be sold to the public .
Such rigidity limits the freedom of developers to write for the platform as they see fit , but it allows Microsoft to ensure that end users get the kind of enjoyable experience that keeps them buying Xbox games .
Same goes for Sony and the PlayStation , and I 'm sure for Nintendo and its Wii as well .
In the end , those closed gaming systems have been so effective , that they effectively killed PC gaming .
My Mac , while not perfect , is far more solid than my PCs of old .
While the software is n't locked down , The hardware homogenization of Apple 's lineup means fewer hardware - related crashes .
And given how few third - party apps I run , my software - related crashes are kept to a minimum .
The day HTML 5 fully kills off Flash will be the day that 95 % of my infrequent crashes are eliminated .
Currently , I reboot my MacBook Pro about once every 2 - 3 months ( mostly after software updates ) , while I have applications crash maybe once every two weeks ( mostly MS Word when working on huge files , or Safari / Chrome when I have too many windows open with Flash playing ) .
And my iPhone ?
It 's even more stable than my laptop .
It 's crashed maybe twice in the last three years .
The iPad is similarly solid .
Why ?
Because these two devices use the same " closed " approach that has served the video game console makers so well .
Why the iPad ?
I travel a fair amount , and lugging my MacBook Pro is a slog .
It weighs almost 6 lbs , including adapter , must be taken out during security at airports , will run out of power in flight before I hit the opposite coast , and runs toasty on my lap .
And while most people like to curl up to a book or magazine before going to bed , I lug my big -ass laptop to bed with me , for a final pre-sleep tour of my favorite non-political sites .
I 'm sure my wife loves that .
I wanted something more portable .
Why not the iPad ?
The tech community is highly polarized over this machine , with many angry with the machine 's closed system .
Software for the machine must be approved by Apple ( though with over 180,000 applications for the iPhone and iPad , it 's not exactly tough to get that approval ) .
People also complain about the lack of third - party multi-tasking ( Apple apps can multi-task ) .
Apple claims that multi-tasking compromises the stability of the platform while draining valuable battery life , something it says it has fixed with the forthcoming upgrade to their iPhone OS this summer ( which the iPad will get this fall ) .
The iPad , like the iPhone , also does n't do Flash .
Apple claims
Flash creates system instability and is a huge battery drain .
It is right .
Are those drawbacks reason enough to refuse it on their mobile devices ?
That is certainly open to debate .
But one thing 's for sure , Apple CEO Steve Jobs is out to kill Flash , and given how many major sites have started working on Flash alternatives on their sites , the process has at least begun .
On the hardware front , there are no user - upgradeable parts .
Even the battery can't be serviced by users .
And the lack of USB ports has many seeing red .
You can get a USB port via adapter , but many assume USB is an integral part of any computing device and should be directly included .
For some , those are deal breakers , and lucky for them , the marketplace will offer alternatives .
Personally , none of that bothered me too much .
Laptop replacement ?
I was n't blown away at the iPad reveal in January ( or was it February ? ) , but I pre-ordered one anyway for one reason -- the hope that I could leave my laptop at home when on the road .
I got the device last Saturday , and spent three days in DC , Monday through Wednesday .
The conclusion ?
I can use the iPad for about 90 % of what I do on my laptop .
As a travel machine , it was a huge success .
The Hardware
I put the iPad , ensconced in Apple 's own case , along with the adapter and Bluetooth keyboard on my kitchen scale : 2.12 lbs ( 1.5 lbs from the iPad itself ) .
I threw them into a small satchel , with a couple of magazines , and I was set to hit the road with barely a tug on my shoulder .
The lack of ports except for Apple 's own proprietary adapter is mostly irrelevant to me .
If I 'm wired to something , I feel like I 've failed .
Still , I may be getting the VGA adapter at some point so I can power presentations from it .
I may even present with it at Netroots Nation .
And it would be kind of cool to be able to upload photos from my camera when on vacation , and that would require ... USB .
So as annoying as dongles may be , I may end up with two of them .
So maybe it would 've been nice to have those two built into the machine .
The screen is beyond gorgeous , and if this thing emits any kind of heat , I could n't feel it .
Even my iPhone gets warm to to the touch , but this thing ?
Cool as a cucumber .
On Monday at SFO , I was asked to take it out when going through TSA 's security screening .
But by Wednesday on my way home at Dulles in D.C. , the agency had sent official word to screeners that the iPad did n't generally need to be removed from its bag .
Just like that , flying has gotten quite a bit easier .
But does it replace a laptop ?
Like i said , I spent three days without my laptop .
And like I also said , most of my work is either browser based , or Microsoft Office based .
On Monday , I took it out at my terminal at SFO and logged on .
Spent the next hour catching up on news , mostly getting used to the interface .
I had n't played with the iPad over the weekend -- my kids claimed it almost immediately after it was delivered .
While in DC I found some great artwork my 6 - year - old had left on the machine , using a paint application I had downloaded for him .
The internet browsing experience was fantastic .
The iPad does n't display Flash , which is supposed to be bad , but I did n't notice .
Apparently Flash is n't common on my favorite news sites .
I also downloaded a couple more apps for later perusal , like the Netflix and Marvel Comics apps .
I still have n't gotten around to playing with them .
I then got on the plane , and it being Virgin , I was able to get back online at 30,000 feet .
I decided to catch up on email .
I kept my Bluetooth keyboard in its bag so I could play with the onscreen software keyboard .
I 've gotta say , gmail on the iPad looks better than gmail on my laptop .
Google 's mobile gmail app is fantastic .
And the onscreen keyboard was a cinch to use .
In portrait mode you have to use thumbs to type , like an easier iPhone .
But landscape , I could type on it as if on a physical keyboard .
Now , it was n't as easy as on a real keyboard .
I like to rest my fingers on keys when they 're not pressing down on them , and you can't do that on the multi - touch Apple screen .
So my hands had to hover over the keys , which fatigued them quicker .
All in all , I guesstimate that I can type about 30 - 40 words per minute on the iPad on - screen keyboard .
I can type 90 - 100 words per minute on a physical keyboard .
So , about less than half my usual output , but still definitely usable .
The biggest problem when typing on that on - screen keyboard is the lack of arrow keys .
If I screwed up , it was hard to back up 2 - 3 words to make quick edits .
I had to tap the screen where I wanted the edits made , a much slower process than simply tapping back on the keyboard .
Even worse , there is no apostrophe on the first - level keyboard , you have to click on the number key to get to a secondary keyboard .
Apostrophes are quite common , obviously .
Much more common than the exclamation mark on that first level keyboard .
Luckily , the iPad has the same auto - correct feature that the iPhone has , so most of the time , typing in the word sans - apostrophe is enough .
But if you need to type " it's " , typing " its " does you no good .
But those are minor quibbles .
For quick emails and filling out forms , the on - screen keyboard was more than good enough .
And I love the ability to get a period by hitting the space key twice .
I wish I could do that on my physical keyboard .
I did n't get a chance to do it , but blogging would be easy with that on - screen keyboard , and Twitter was a natural for it .
In fact , I did quite a bit of Twittering that evening while flying out east .
Before I hit the sack on that red eye , I had two more tests for the iPad .
I got a video from Jed that I needed to review .
While Daily Kos TV still uses a Flash wrapper ( which will change at some point in the near future ) , he sent a non-Flash version so I could review .
The iPad had no trouble playing it .
The thing is designed for ( non-Flash ) media .
The other was a little bit more of a pleasant surprise .
I was flying to DC for a board meeting of SB Nation , the other company I founded .
The company 's CEO emailed a copy of the powerpoint deck for the meeting .
I clicked on the link , and Gmail spawned another browser window displaying the presentation perfectly via Google Docs .
A button also asked if I wanted to open it up in Keynote ( Apple 's presentation app , which I had purchased earlier ) , and I did so .
Keynote opened it up perfectly .
If I was so inclined , I could edit the deck to my heart 's content , and then email it back to myself .
I thought that was pretty cool .
In DC , I did little more than web surfing and check email .
But on the way home Wednesday evening ( with still 40 % of juice left on the machine ) , I needed to work on a long document I was writing in Word .
I had emailed it to myself before leaving on the trip , so it was waiting for me in Gmail .
I clicked the link , and Google Docs opened it up for me .
A button asked me if I wanted to open it up in Pages , Apple 's word processor .
I said I did , and I was suddenly faced with a 30 - page document requiring heavy editing .
Hmmm .
The onscreen keyboard was n't going to cut it here if I wanted to be efficient , and I did .
So I ignored the airline 's prohibition against " any device that transmit signals , such as a cellphone or Bluetooth device " , and fired up my Bluetooth keyboard .
It synched up perfectly and the plane did n't crash .
Success !
I twittered my rule breaking so everyone knew I was such a rebel ( did I mention how great Tweetdeck is on the iPad ? Stellar ! ) , and then got to work .
I propped up the iPad on the tray table , the keyboard on my lap , and got to work .
And I 've got to say , there was ZERO difference between the work I was doing , and doing it on my laptop .
It was just as fast and efficient .
The word processor worked great .
Note , I was n't doing fancy shit like version controls , track changes , adding footnotes , or things like that .
This is not a full - fledged word processor , and had I needed that kind of functionality , I would 've been SOL .
But I did n't need those bells and whistles , so I was golden .
BETTER than golden , because I worked on that machine the entire six - hour flight without having to worry about power , something that would 've been impossible with my laptop .
Bottom line
My iPad scored big as my new travel machine .
I needed it for basic word processing , downloading and viewing business documents ( like the PPT presentation ) , web , and email .
It did those tasks perfectly .
The lack of third - party multi-tasking was at most a mild - annoyance , as I had no problem switching between Tweetdeck and whatever other task I was working on at the time .
On my laptop , I can switch between apps near instantaneously .
On the iPad , it might take 4 - 5 seconds , and that mild annoyance will be gone with the new OS upgrade this fall .
Will this work for you ?
Beats the shit out of me .
It depends on what your job is , whether there are apps that fill your needs , whether you 're happy or not with an on - screen keyboard , and whether you care enough about " open versus closed " systems to let Apple 's heavy - handed control over the device 's hardware and software bother you .
For me , all I care is whether a device makes my life easier .
I could give a shit about whether the hackers love or hate it , or how much hype something has .
The iPad filled my needs seamlessly , with only minor hassles .
It was better than a laptop , allowing me to travel more efficiently .
Remember , if you do n't like it , no one will make you buy it .
Obama 's ACORN goons are n't forcing you to an Apple store .
There are alternatives that are " open " systems , if you like to tinker with your machine , blah blah blah .
But for me , this thing rocked .
Coda
At home , the iPad belongs to my kids .
I 've downloaded a bunch of educational apps , and the kids fight over the machine to either draw on it , or play .
My six - year - old has already asked for one for his next birthday .
Update : On Twitter , someone pointed out that holding down the comma / exclamation point key on the iPhone / iPad 's on - screen keyboard turns it into an apostrophe .
I just checked it out , and it definitely works .
So that one niggling annoyance has already been solved , if surreptitiously , by Apple .
An article published today in a small town newspaper provides a good example of the sort of shoddy reporting that perpetuates the myth of the lie detector .
Lisa Rogers reports for the Gadsden , Alabama Times :
Polygraphs useful law enforcement tool
By Lisa Rogers
Times Staff Writer
Published : Saturday , March 6 , 2010 at 9:37 p.m.
A suspect in a sex crime confessed after failing a lie detector test and even confessed to trying to beat the test by doing research on the Internet .
There are several Web sites that claim to have information that teaches someone how to beat a test , said Fred Lasseter , a licensed polygraph examiner and investigator with the Etowah County Sheriff ’s Office .
“ They tell you things to do to try to beat the system , ” Lasseter said , “ but beating it takes years of practice .
It is very difficult to try to manipulate the system . ”
Polygraph operator Fred Lasseter is lying .
It does n’t take “ years of practice ” to learn how to beat a lie detector test , nor is it difficult .
In peer - reviewed research ( cited in the bibliography of The Lie Behind the Lie Detector ) , about half of test subjects were able to fool the polygraph with no more than 30 minutes of training .
The fact that a stupid criminal failed to pass a lie detector test and confessed should not be misconstrued as evidence that 1 ) the polygraph is difficult to beat or 2 ) that the polygraph is accurate as a lie detector .
It is neither .
The man who was suspected of the sex crime first denied the claims and agreed to take the test .
When he took the test , he failed it and eventually admitted to the crime .
“ He told me he thought he could go online and figure out how to beat it , ” Lasseter said of the suspect .
Most of the information available online is based on the old - style analog machines , he said .
The sheriff ’s office and most other agencies now have digital , computerized machines that are much more sensitive than the older ones , he said .
Here again , Lasseter is lying .
The information on how to fool the lie detector that is freely available on sites such as AntiPolygraph.org does not depend in any way on the polygraph instrument having ink pens and rolling chart paper .
Polygraph countermeasures are equally effective against computerized polygraph instruments .
Moreover , computerized polygraph instruments are no better at detecting lies than the old - style pen-and - ink instruments .
Computerization brings no more validity to polygraphy than it does to astrology .
Later in the article , Rogers fatuously parrots the claim that “ Statistics have shown the tests are between 95 and 98 percent accurate . ”
Had this reporter done the most rudimentary of fact checking , she would know that such claims have been roundly rejected by scientists , among whom the consensus view is that polygraphy is without scientific basis .
The only ones claiming 95 - 98 % accuracy for the pseudoscience of polygraphy are the polygraph operators themselves–and credulous reporters like Rogers who do n’t fact check their sources .
Finally , in the 21st century , technology is catching up to the problem with weapons that almost seem like cheating .
So we 're not sure if we should be impressed or terrified by ...
Wars have been won and lost purely on the ability of one side to hide really well .
Even a superior enemy can't take you out if they can't find you .
Give ancient Rome barbarian - seeking arrows , and we'd still be wearing sandals to the bath house to wipe ourselves with sticks .
6 Bullets That Will Outright Chase Your Ass Down
Really the only thing there is to know about bullets is that they travel in a straight line .
If a dude is shooting at you , you 're fine as long as there 's something good and solid between you and him .
A car door , a sandbag , another less fortunate person you 're using like a bullet proof vest .
This has been the rule for the last 700 years or so .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Until somebody came up with a way to develop guided bullets .
The building full of crazed geniuses known as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , have developed the EXACTO program , which involves using " smart " bullets complete with processors and steering vanes to allow the bullet to correct its trajectory in mid-fucking - air .
So even if you duck around a corner as some asshole is shooting at you , his bullets will supposedly be able to just swing around and follow your ass .
We are n't talking about some wimpy small - caliber bullets either ; the only size they are building these in ( for now ) are .50 caliber BMG , huge rounds which are intended either to kill trucks , or explode a guy 's head from several miles away .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Just in case the word " overkill " has n't entered your mind yet , they 've got a much more explodey version of that idea , too .
It 's the XM - 25 " smart " grenade launcher .
It has a laser range - finder built in that can detect the distance to the wall or trench that you 're hiding behind .
That way the shell knows not to explode until it 's right next to your fucking head .
That 's right ; it wo n't detonate until after it punches through the wall you 're hiding behind , but just before it hits you in the nose .
London , England ( CNN ) --
As the world 's urban population continues to grow at a rapid rate , communities around the world are increasingly turning to " city agriculture " to produce cheap , locally grown fruit and vegetables .
Among skyscrapers and housing estates , previously vacant lots are being used to produce millions of tons of organically grown food that experts say are " greener " and cheaper than commercially grown produce .
But while many countries are in the early stages of their urban agriculture development , China , Japan and Cuba have had successful city farms for decades .
Cuba 's model of environmentally friendly and sustainable urban agriculture has been an inspiration for numerous city projects around the world .
When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 , Cuba 's supplies of cheap oil suddenly dried up , plunging the country into a severe recession referred to as " the Special Period . "
Farming in Cuba until then had relied heavily on oil to drive tractors and other heavy machinery , so there was a fundamental reorganization of food production , leading to a boom in urban organic agriculture .
Today , Cuba 's capital Havana , which has a population of just over 2 million , has about 200 city farms that grow lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , sweet potatoes , spinach , herbs and other crops that are sold cheaply in local markets .
Wendy Emmett of the UK - based Cuba Organic Support Group , told CNN : " Cuba has been an inspiration , especially in the U.S. and the UK .
They showed us what could be done when there is community will and a political will . "
A similar community - based initiative has just been launched in Germany 's financial capital Frankfurt .
Groups can lease land from start - up company Meine Ernte , which provides tools and even sows the seeds , although the lease holders have to take care of the crops .
Frankfurt - based lawyer Mortem Simm said : " Most people just go to the supermarket and they can buy everything at any time of the year , but this brings us back to nature . "
Meine Ernte already has six plots in German cities growing cucumbers , potatoes , carrots and tomatoes .
Natalie Kirchbaumer , co-founder of Meine Ernte , said : " They have to put in one or two hours per week , yes they have to work on the plants a little , but everything is there . "
A slightly different model of urban farming is being deployed in parts of Africa , although it is still employing the same philosophy of community cooperation .
In the densely populated slum of Mathare in Nairobi , Kenya , an Italian charity Cooperazione Internazionale ( COOPI ) is helping communities to grow food in large compost bags , which are designed to provide the maximum output of produce in minimum space .
Its " farm - in - a - sack " project provides poor families with more than 40 seedlings , which can be grown into food in just a few weeks .
Each " base " or mini - farm can provide vegetables such as spinach for 150 families , says COOPI .
Claudio Torres , from COOPI , said : " There are two effects .
There is the main effect that they really have more food and that 's like nutrition and micronutrients .
But also , as you can see , this brings together the community . "
A third of Africa 's population already lives in urban areas , a figure that the World Health Organization expects to grow , so urban agriculture is increasingly seen as a back - up to commercial farming to meet the food requirements of millions of people .
And while North America may not have the food and water shortage problems of some African nations , urban farms are still expanding in major cities such as Vancouver on the west coast of Canada .
Michael Levenston , the executive director of City Farmer , part of Canada 's Office of Urban Agriculture , told CNN that there were a number of models being deployed .
" There are people growing stuff in their back gardens and then there are bigger models like the University of British Columbia , which has a market - sized farm in the center of the city selling produce every Saturday at a farmer 's market ... that is a very strong and vibrant entity , " he said .
The United States has sizeable urban agriculture projects in Atlanta , Chicago , Detroit , Los Angeles , Minneapolis , New York and Pittsburgh .
One U.S. collective of urban farmers says it is has 800 city - based plots that last year produced 150 tonnes of food .
The group Urban Farmers says on its MySpace page : " We locate and secure unused land , space , rooftops and walls for the purpose of bringing people together to plant organic food gardens in low - income urban areas throughout America and abroad . "
In the UK , urban agriculture has not been adopted with the same gusto as other wealthy , densely populated countries such as Japan , although it is growing according to some experts .
Ken Elkes of the Federation of City Farms and Community Gardens , told CNN : " There has been an increase of 190 members in the last two years .
But it takes a lot of time and a lot of effort to run and maintain a city farm . "
And that 's where community spirit and a cooperative effort , as embodied by the urban farmers in Cuba , come in .
Let ’s start with the punchline :
By making a few minor tweaks to our top landing pages , we can drive an additional 60,000,000 Firefox downloads per year .
60 million is a big number , so let ’s add a little context .
Looking back at our record breaking download day during the launch of Fx3 ( June 2008 ) , a total of 8,002,530 people downloaded Firefox .
Adding 60 million downloads is akin to running 10 Download Day campaigns per year .
What are the tweaks ?
It comes down just one factor — speed .
As it stands , our landing pages can be painfully slow .
Take a look :
The entire Chrome landing page loads before our header appears .
Worse yet , our download button does n’t appear for 7 seconds !
While this video does not reflect the experience of every IE .
html visitor , nearly a quarter of our visitors wait at least this long .
Now that we know this page is slow , let ’s make it faster .
To do so , I thought back to the 2 weeks I shopped a class on high performance web sites .
But , I could n’t remember much , so I asked Ryan Doherty for some tips .
He had two simple suggestions : combine ( or remove ) the JavaScript files and inline the CSS .
Results
After implementing these changes in an A/B test , we saw impressive results .
Previously , we predicted a 1 second reduction in page load speed would improve download conversions by 2.7 % .
In reality , our optimized experimental variation shaved 2.2 seconds off the average page load time and increased download conversions by 15.4 % !
With 275,000 daily visitors , a 15 % improvement on this single English page translates to 10.28 million additional downloads per year .
And , if we ’re able to achieve a similar performance boost across our other top landing pages , we ’ll drive in excess of 60 million yearly Firefox downloads .
Yeah , but …
15 % looks great , but how confident are we ?
Running a one - sided Student ’s t- test with a means difference of 14 % , our experimental data yields a P value of 0.000051 .
This means that there is only a 0.0051 % chance that we would obtain a 14 % ( or greater ) improvement if the real effect was n’t at least this large .
Next Steps
We ’re excited by our initial results , but are only just getting started .
We have a bunch more optimizations to try and have some ideas of our own .
For example , we want to test a landing page that loads the download button before all other page elements .
Later on , we plan to test more elements of Firefox ’s adoption funnel , including the download and First Run experiences .
Many thanks go out to Ryan , Fred , Laura , and Matthew , who suggested running performance tests and has already made impressive performance improvements on addons.mozilla.org .
Pierre Hadot loses his religion
At this point , it would probably not come as any surprise that my favorite philosopher in the last five hundred years is an apostate Catholic priest .
Pierre Hadot was born in 1922 to a Catholic family and entered minor seminary in his early teens .
He advanced rapidly in his studies , having been put through the typical regimen of scholastic philosophy and militant Counter - Reformation piety in style at the time .
He was ordained in the midst of the Second World War at the age of 22 .
Unlike others from his generation , he did not leave the priesthood in the wake of Vatican II , but preceded the mass exodus of men from the priesthood by about fifteen years .
He abandoned his priestly vows and ultimately the faith in 1950 to run off with a woman who he would divorce twelve years later .
His reflections on his Catholic upbringing and formation are predictably mixed , but the few times he speaks of them in his latest book to be translated into English , The Present Alone is Our Happiness , they are very perceptive in reading the mood of the Church in Europe before the Council .
Hadot ’s portrayal of the Catholicism of his youth is one of a system of taboos and rituals that contained very little positive content .
In this book of interviews , he speaks of visiting relatives at the border with Germany while wearing shorts , and how the “ devout ” Catholics of the place were scandalized by his inappropriate show of skin .
Another cousin was refused Holy Communion at the altar rail just for having her hair short .
He also shares how his parents were forbidden conjugal relations by the parish priest since the mother could no longer have children ; therefore , the point of sex would have been worthless .
Hadot thus describes his first “ spiritual ” experience as being one of purely “ natural ” mysticism .
He explains :
It was an experience that was entirely foreign to Christianity .
This seemed much more essential , much more fundamental than the experience I could have in Christianity , in the liturgy , in the religious offices .
Christianity seemed to be tied to everyday banality .
In the tumult after World War II , while working in the parishes , the young Fr. Hadot ultimately succumbed to the spirit of the age , imbibing existentialism , the worker priests ’ movements , and the various theological tendencies condemned in the encyclical , Humani Generis .
His leaving the Catholic Faith did not seem at all a torturous process for him , and indeed , he seemed to fit right into the atmosphere of secularizing France , even getting notoriety as a scholar of Patristic Latin and Greek , and moving on to be one of the foremost philosophers of the late twentieth century .
There is one text in the book that seems to reflect Hadot ’s thinking back on his experience in the Church .
He says :
For a time I would sometimes attend religious ceremonies , but they always seemed rather artificial because , following the council of Vatican II , there were recited or sung in French .
I was not opposed to the translation in principle , but it always seemed to reveal the immense distance between the world of the twentieth century and the mythical and stereotypical formulas of Christian liturgy – a distance that was sensed less when people did not understand what was being said .
I believe that Henri-Charles Puech had the same impression I did when he told me with a big smile , “ Jesus , God ’s sheep ” , alluding to the translation of the Agnus Dei .
It was not the Latin that was incomprehensible , but the concepts and the images hidden behind Latin for centuries .
( My emphasis )
When I read this , I knew that this is probably one of the most perceptive thoughts that I have encountered concerning the problem of religion in the modern world .
For it is not just a problem of “ God ’s sheep ” or “ Lamb of God ” , but it is the problem of words like “ kingdom ” , “ lord ” , “ salvation ” , “ sin ” , and “ repentance ” .
The problem with Christian liturgy , and ultimately , Christian discourse , is that it was formed in a world where all of these terms meant something very specific and where the laws of cosmology functioned in radically different ways from our own current perceptions of the world .
Religious forms prior to Vatican II had reached a point where they were perceived to have very little positive content , but were merely repeated like mantras .
Pace all of the reformers of that time , no amount of catechesis could change this , since no amount of catechesis can change the objective conditions of the world in which we live .
We have to deal with them , whether we like it or not .
The question of whether we use Latin in the liturgy is ultimately of little importance since even when translated , liturgy and Scripture on a fundamental level no longer make sense to modern man .
Sure , we can try to extract dogma and morals from them like juice from an orange , but in the end , I fear , all we will get is an inverted , crypto-pious image of ourselves staring back at us .
Some may call this : “ inculturation ” .
Pardon me if I give it what I feel to be a more accurate name : “ narcissism ” .
What then will we have ?
I cannot think that we could have anything else but an individualistic religion based on our own tastes and “ consumer decisions ” .
In places where religion is a hobby and not a necessity , people are going to continue to make religious choices based on personal preference .
Whether or not we can reconstruct a culture of faith within this context is not a question that can be easily answered .
( In a post in the near future , I will actually write about the rest of this book from a “ purely philosophical ” standpoint . )
Mr. Justice Peter Charleton of Ireland 's High Court has ruled that ISPs can and should disconnect their customers from the net on the strength of unsubstantiated accusations of copyright infringement .
It 's not just accused infringers to be disconnected , either — their entire families will be taken off the net .
Ireland has now joined the exclusive club of nations that treat the Internet as a trivial system for pirating movies , worthy of no special consideration .
They 've joined the club of nations that are willing to collectively deprive innocents of access to a single wire that delivers freedom of speech , press and assembly in order to put a few more Euros into the pockets of some of the largest corporations in the world .
The Irish Data Protection Commissioner , who asked the court to rule , did not testify in the hearing because of " concern over indemnity as to his costs . "
This appears to mean that his employer would n't pay him to show up in court , so he did n't .
That judgment has just arrived , and it pulls no punches .
Mr. Justice Peter Charleton refers to illegal downloads of music and movies with a wide variety of synonyms : theft , stealing , filtering , " plague of copyright infringement . "
He has already approved an Eircom block of the entire Pirate Bay website .
When it comes to the actual technology involved here , the justice betrays a certain lack of confidence .
" Again , reviewing the evidence that I heard in this case , it seems to operate like this , " he says , trying to describe P2P technology .
Or again , " As I understand the evidence that I heard … "
Or again , " One can find out by looking at the IP number , I understand … "
Major labels go bragh ?
Irish judge allows 3 strikes
( Thanks , Arkizzle ! )
Each new iteration of Microsoft software also marks a new chapter in the ongoing cat - and - mouse game between software counterfeiters and Microsoft 's own enforcement team .
So how does Microsoft track down crooks ?
Each new iteration of Microsoft software also marks a new chapter in the ongoing cat - and - mouse game between software counterfeiters and Microsoft 's own enforcement team .
Like paper currency , Microsoft employs a variety of techniques to assure customers that the software discs they 're buying are valid .
And rings of cybercriminals , in turn , make every attempt to defeat those safeguards .
" All of our most popular products are counterfeited , " said Zoe Krumm , a senior business intelligence analyst with Microsoft .
" Windows 7 was counterfeited within a month or so of us launching , with a very deceptive passoff . "
In 2007 , Microsoft and the FBI , in conjunction with Chinese local law enforcement , tracked down and raided a piracy organization suspected of producing $ 2 billion worth of counterfeit software .
Microsoft recently revealed one of the techniques used by the company to prove that piracy : " fingerprints " left by CD duplicators .
In an interview late last week , Microsoft offered even more details on this technique , plus others , that its team of investigators uses .
Microsoft maintains a 75 - person staff of antipiracy investigators , consisting of paralegals , forensic intelligence analysts , investigators , and other staff , many with backgrounds in law enforcement , according to Bonnie MacNaughton , a senior attorney in Microsoft 's antipiracy enforcement efforts and a federal prosecutor for 14 years before that .
Senior business intelligence analysts are placed in all geographic regions .
In Seattle , for example , Microsoft has hired former members of the Seattle police department , and the lead investigator in Europe previously worked for Interpol .
It 's worth noting that there are two types of pirates : consumers who knowingly purchase pirated software in the hopes of avoiding the paying of licensing fees or premiums , and those that think they 're buying the genuine article , perhaps at a discount .
In both cases , users can be notified that their software is fake via its Genuine Advantage program , which was extended to a total of 41 countries in 2009 .
Chinese case , as well as one that Microsoft participated in India in Dec. 2009 , were designed to deceive consumers .
All told , Microsoft has received almost 30,000 reports concerning vendors that have victimized customers .
And those consumers can be Microsoft 's best ally .
In 2009 , customers provided just under 80,000 leads to suspected pirates , for a historical total of about 280,000 ; 65 percent provided comments , and a significant percentage are willing to work with the company .
" We did n't work as closely with our customers as we have begun to do today , " MacNaughton said about early anti-counterfeit operations .
Microsoft also works closely with agencies such as the Business Software Alliance , which in a 2008 study with IDC estimated that approximately $ 53 billion is lost to piracy each year .
Another 2008 IDC study claimed that a 10 percent drop in piracy would add 600,000 jobs to the world economy .
Other studies have tied pirated software to the rise of botnets in a given region .
" They 're not pie - in - the - sky estimates , but reasonable estimates of the extent of losses , " MacNaughton said .
The most obvious deterrent is the product key , part of the certificate of authenticity ( COA ) that Microsoft provides with every disc .
If the key does n't work , customers start asking questions .
( Microsoft provides a telephone hotline , ( 800 ) RU - LEGIT ( 785-3448 ) , for that purpose .
Other examples of counterfeit software can be seen at Microsoft 's anti-piracy Web site . )
That has n't stopped snatch - and - grab operations , such as a recent case in a border town in Mexico , where a truckload of COAs was hijacked .
Both the driver and the security guard stopped for fuel , when robbers pulled up , held the two men at gunpoint , and made off with the documents .
But when the theft was reported , Microsoft tracked down the COA keys and simply " turned them off , " assigning them to a list of banned keys .
And do n't think that paying the correct price is a sign of authenticity , either .
" We do n't really use pricing as a red flag because we have seen syndicates price just at or under cost , " Krumm said , perhaps to recoup the cost of their criminal R&D .
So how does a global organization like Microsoft , tracking criminals in more than 150 countries , actually make its cases ?
Tools of the trade
One of the means of tracking physical discs is to actually examine the minute defects a CD - ROM stamper creates as it presses the discs .
These pits , grooves , or other defects can be scanned and placed into a database , to help track the spread of physical discs across the globe , Krumm said .
( See the accompanying slideshow for more . )
Each unique disc stamp is called a " strain " ; Microsoft has tracked over 580,000 throughout the world .
When a disc's " fingerprints " are matched to a database that Microsoft maintains , the disc 's origin can be linked to a particular facility , which could be tied to a piracy operation .
Tracking the discs allows Microsoft and investigators to build " intelligent maps " of a piracy operation and its distribution methods .
" We can understand the life of a stamper , " Krumm said .
" We know how long they last , and when the end - of - life begins at a stamper facility . "
Microsoft has also begun building out an " action mapping tool , " which it will provide to local law enforcement .
Layers on top of Bing maps of a given area , such as Southern California , can track cease - and - desist letters , civil and criminal suits and seizures , and other metrics to provide visual clues of piracy hotspots .
Microsoft also embeds security features into its discs and packaging to foil pirates , who can spend a great deal of time to try and foil them .
Microsoft 's chief weapon is embedding hard - to - copy security features directly into the disc itself , such as an embedded hologram of the Windows logo .
Pirates , however , typically affix a hologram sticker to the front of the disc , and replicate the design of the Windows or Office disc with a sophisticated  but removable  peel - off label .
Microsoft also designs the holograms so that they shift and move when the disc is rotated , Krumm said .
A second security feature is the use of an actual embedded thread , which is added to the " genuine " paper Microsoft uses to print its COAs at the point of manufacturing , Krumm said .
The thread is used to distinguish the real article .
Pirates typically simulate the thread , printing it instead of embedding them .
Counterfeiters fight back
In some cases , however , pirates have been willing to go almost as far as Microsoft has to establish authenticity .
In 2007 , a major syndicate headquartered in southern China was accused of distributing $ 2 billion of Microsoft software , including fake versions of thirteen Microsoft products , including Windows Vista , Microsoft Office , and Windows XP , in at least eight languages .
Software worth $ 500 million was actually recovered .
The six - year investigation , including evidence gathered from 1,000 customers and partners , culminated in the 11 ringleaders receiving prison sentences .
" They were responsible for the most convincing simulation we 've seen , " Krumm said .
The pirates printed five separate layers of labels onto the discs itself , trying to duplicate the shifting holograms that Microsoft had added , Krumm said .
Actual thread was woven into the COAs , in an attempt to duplicate the real article .
Using the CD stamper tool Microsoft developed , Chinese authorities tracked down the manufacturing operation .
When they did so , Microsoft discovered a shocking fact : the counterfeiters had a larger manufacturing operation than Microsoft 's own in the Europe , Middle East , and Asia ( EMEA ) region .
" We found enough thread on site to make over a million COAs , " Krumm said .
In December 2009 , the largest counterfeiting operation in India was cracked , with $ 2 million of counterfeit software recovered at the scene , MacNaughton said .
Microsoft estimated that the counterfeiter controlled more than 56 percent of India 's OEM software market .
" Sometimes , what happens is that [ counterfeit or stolen ] product keys do n't work ; a lot of times they do n't work , " Krumm said .
" The reseller understood that problem , and wanted to create COAs with actual keys . "
The reseller purchased counterfeit COAs from China , then obtained the keys via fraud , and added them to his own counterfeits .
The technique was so successful that investigators were fooled until the fraudulent keys were tied to the fake COAs .
Meanwhile , Microsoft has also making available its software for download , and " where legal businesses go , " criminals will follow , " MacNaughton said .
In 2009 , Hong Lei , the creator of the downloadable " Tomato Garden Windows XP " software , was jailed for three and a half years .
Millions of Internet users had free access to the software on a website , tomatolei.com , after Lei stripped protections from the Microsoft software .
Microsoft has seen upticks in counterfeit code hacks to bypass security measures , and cyber criminals have begun publishing sophisticated and authentic
Web sites posing as legitimate resellers , and seeking to lure buyers into divulging credit - card information , Krumm said .
" We 've really increased the skill set on that [ online piracy ] team , " Krumm said .
" And we spend even more time expecting it not that cloud services are such a critical component of Microsoft 's strategy . "
Krumm said she expects that criminals will eventually create " dark clouds , " replicating the legal Web - based cloud services that Microsoft and other companies will provide .
" At the highest level , counterfeiters keep raising the bar because they have to , " MacNaughton said .
" In 2001 , it honestly was n't that difficult to counterfeit a decent passoff of our products .
As time has passed , however , it has narrowed the number of people and the organizations ' ability to counterfeit these products . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Australia has set out plans for new rules forcing tobacco companies to use plain packaging carrying graphic health warnings .
From July 2012 , manufacturers would be required to drop all colour and branding logos from cigarette packets .
The move , billed as a world - first , comes after recommendations were made by the World Health Organisation .
Australia also announced a 25 % increase in tax on cigarettes , effective from 0001 on Friday .
The move will put A$ 2.16 ( $ 1.99 , £ 1.31 ) on a pack of 30 cigarettes .
' Hard - line regime '
Smoking kills 15,000 Australians every year and is the largest preventable cause of disease and death in the country .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , who is to hold elections this year , aims to cut smoking - related deaths to under 10 % by 2018 .
He said his government made no apology for the measures .
" Cigarettes are not cool , cigarettes kill people , " he said .
" This will be the most hard - line regime for cigarette packaging anywhere in the world . "
But a spokeswoman for Imperial Tobacco Australia said that the company planned to fight the measure .
" Introducing plain packaging just takes away the ability of a consumer to identify our brand from another brand and that 's of value to us , " Cathie Keogh told Australian broadcaster ABC .
Health Minister Nicola Roxon said the legislation would be carefully worded to withstand legal challenges from tobacco companies .
The law will require all tobacco products to be sold in a standard colour and style , and carry government health warnings .
It follows regulations on tobacco advertising which have helped cut smoking significantly , from 30.5 % of the population aged 14 and over in 1988 to 16.6 % in 2007 .
The tax hike comes a day after the New Zealand government announced it would raise cigarette taxes by 30 % over three years .
" We Are Not Happy "
Deaths of Afghan civilians by NATO troops have more than doubled , despite much - touted efforts by Gen. Stanley McChrystal to protect them .
NATO troops " accidentally " killed 72 civilians in the past three months , NATO statistics show , up from 29 last year .
Who knows how many were injured .
What will it take for these people to figure out This Is n't Working ?
A photo essay of civilian casualties here .
Warning : graphic .
" I believe the perception caused by civilian casualties is one of the most dangerous enemies we face . "
- Gen. McChrystal at his confirmation hearing .
Read more
|
What should be done about the banks ?
With a Senate bill headed for a test vote on a procedural matter Monday , a long - simmering debate may finally be coming to a head .
Break up the biggest American banks , which have mushroomed in recent years ?
Or leave them as they are and write some new rules for them ?
Not since the antiwar movement of the mid-1960s has so great a chasm loomed between the policy elite in Washington and New York and popular sentiment – or at least that ’s my hunch .
( There ’s a fair amount of evidence of this in various polls . )
Back then it took six years and two presidential elections to end the war in Vietnam .
Today the situation is thundery .
True , nobody is marching on the Pentagon .
There is , however , a widespread sense that the contemplated change is not enough .
When President Obama went to New York on Thursday , it was to set his seal on the compromise with Wall Street that his administration has negotiated behind the scenes : a consumer protection agency for finance , a clearing house for derivatives , comprehensive authority for the government to assess systemic risk , higher capital requirements for banks , among other provisions .
There were no more “ fat cat bankers ” in Obama ’s speech .
On Thursday it was the “ titans of industry ” who sat in the first few rows whom he asked to pitch in .
National Economic Council director Lawrence Summers went on television after the president spoke to defend what he called “ the most important expansion [ of authority ] since the invention of deposit insurance in the 1930s . ”
Jeffrey Brown , of “ PBS NewsHour , ” at one point asked Summers , “ Why not just limit the size of banks ? ”
Summers replied : “ Most observers … who study this believe that to try to break banks up into a lot of little pieces would hurt our ability to serve large companies and hurt the competitiveness of the United States .
But that ’s not the important issue .
They believe that it would actually make us less stable , because the individual banks would be less diversified and , therefore , at greater risk of failing , because they would n’t have profits in one area to turn to when a different area got in trouble .
And most observers believe that dealing with the simultaneous failure of many — many small institutions would actually generate more need for bailouts and reliance on taxpayers than the current economic environment . ”
Leaving aside , for now , the question of the identity of those observers and the nature of their evidence , there have been many experts on the other side of the issue , in varying degrees of opposition .
Among them :
■ Former chairman of the Federal Reserve Board Paul Volcker has advocated something in the spirit of the Glass - Steagall Act , which in 1933 mandated the separation of commerce and banking and split the banking industry into two parts : commercial banks and investment banks and other financial firms ( Wall Street , for short ) , each regulated quite differently .
Volcker would permit banks today to underwrite corporate securities , but wants to limit sharply their activities in the capital markets : hedge funds , equity funds , commodity trading , derivatives trading – the so - called “ Volcker Rule . ”
■ Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan went even further last autumn , invoking the aggressive trust - busting of the Progressive Era of the early twentieth century .
“ So , I mean , radical things , ” he told a questioner who asked what might be done .
“ Break them up , you know .
In 1911 , we broke up Standard Oil .
So what happened ?
The individual parts became more valuable than the whole .
Maybe that ’s what we need . ”
■ Five Treasury Secretaries wrote the Wall Street Journal in February to endorse the “ Volcker Rule , ” if its execution can be clearly stated .
W. Michael Blumenthal , Nicholas Brady , Paul O’Neill , George Shultz and John Snow wrote that “ banks benefitting from public support by means of access to the Federal Reserve and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance should not engage in essentially speculative activity unrelated to bank services . ”
Conspicuous by his absence : Robert Rubin , who served as Treasury Secretary for several years during the Clinton administration before taking a top job with Citicorp , one of those banks that would be severely affected if the rule were implemented .
■ Mary Schapiro , chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , may not be formally involved in framing banking regulation .
But she turned a powerful searchlight on Wall Street practice last week when the SEC charged Goldman Sachs with civil fraud for having assembled a suite of securities more or less designed ( by one of its customers ) to fail , then selling them without sufficient explanation to other customers , who subsequently lost nearly $ 1 billion to the designer .
Legal circles buzzed last week with talk about the difficulty of proving the materiality of the omission under rule 10 ( b ) 5 .
That brought to mind the story of the Parisienne who complained to Ettore Bugatti that his expensive cars were wonderful , that she owned two of them , but that the brakes did n’t work as well as they might .
The Italian count was testy : “ Lady , any idiot can make a car go slow .
It takes genius to make a car go fast ! ”
■ Simon Johnson , of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ’s Sloan School of Management , and co-author James Kwak , resemble a two - man non -stop Internet teach - in .
A former chief economists of the International Monetary Fund – and therefore experienced in dealing with nations dominated by financial oligarchies – Johnson got started two years ago with a famous article in The Atlantic , “ The Quiet Coup ” The article morphed into a highly - popular blog , Baseline Scenario , and the blog into a new best - selling book , 13 Bankers : The Wall Street Takeover and the Next Financial Meltdown , forcefully elaborating on the authors ’ conviction that only a large - scale break - up can curb a financial sector grown beyond all reasonable bounds .
Expert voices , however responsive a chord they strike among the public , do n’t make things happen by themselves .
Recently a focal point has emerged .
Last week Senators Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) and Ted Kaufman ” ( D - Delaware ) introduced a bill – the Safe Banking Act , they call it — that would compel the break - up of many of the largest banks by mandating limits on their total assets and establishing strict caps on their lending activities .
Brown and Kaufman plan to offer their bill as an alternative to the Senate Finance Committee bill , designed by chairman Christopher Dodd ( D - Conn . ) and endorsed by the administration .
It is n’t likely to make it to the floor .
It will , however , engender more discussion of whether the Dodd bill goes far enough .
What could change ?
Any number of things .
Paul Krugman , of The New York Times , America ’s most widely followed economic populist , could change his mind and back some form of decentralization as a remedy instead of tougher and more hierarchic regulation .
“ It ’s not at all clear that the size of individual banks makes much difference to this argument [ that banking is inherently unstable ] , ” he says .
But the relevant argument here has to do with regulatory capture – the wealth and power of the banking lobby – and with governmental rapture , which is just as bad .
Set factions to oppose factions , as both The Federalist Papers and the Sherman Act recommend .
Industrial corporations could cast their lot with advocates of the Volcker Rule , instead of continuing to give their proxy to the powerful Chamber of Commerce lobbying campaign against reform generally .
A Ross Perot - like figure could emerge from the Republican party , advocating traditional regulation for commercial banking with a government safety net , in order to free the capital markets themselves from the kind of intense regulation for which they are headed otherwise
The editorial page of The Wall Street Journal mused on such a possibility last week : “ Mr. Kaufman [ the Delaware Senator ] wants to break up the biggest banks , which may well be preferable to making them wards of the Treasury . ”
It ’s possible , I suppose , that public opinion might suddenly rally around the Brown - Kaufman and force a wave of breakups , though I can’t quite see the WSJ leading the charge .
The changes the bill contemplates go well beyond the traditional antitrust policy of the United States .
More likely to pass – eventually – is some version of the Volcker Rule , recreating two more - or - less separate but related industries with different appetites for risk .
Let ’s give this desideratum a name – let ’s call it “ partition . ”
However widely desired it may be , partition will have to wait until details of an operational plan emerge and find strong political leadership .
When I read about Gordon Brown 's plan to give the UK more broadband , I could n't restrain my laughter .
Is n't this the same clown now busy circumventing democracy to take away broadband from Britons who already have it ?
And what good would broadband do them if they 're punished for using it ( or even being suspected of using it ) ?
Laying cables would be a waste of resources if people are not allowed to use them .
Brown did suggest another possible use for broadband .
He said that it would enable MPs to better communicate with their constituents and keep track of what they want .
There is a real need to improve such communication in Britain today .
Just now , thousands of Britons are trying feverishly to tell their MPs what they want : to reject the digital economy bill .
But the message is only slowly getting through .
Is this due to a lack of internet bandwidth ?
Or might the problem be at a higher level in the political system ?
If Brown 's broadband plan had been carried out already , it might indeed help MPs do what their constituents want – but not the way he has in mind .
More Britons with broadband could mean more Britons accustomed to filesharing , more Britons who realize that sharing is good , more Britons prepared to demand that their government serve them instead of the record companies , and more Britons supporting the Open Rights Group by telling this to their MPs now .
But you do n't need broadband to communicate with your MP .
If due to insufficient bandwidth you find it difficult to send your MP a video recording , you can use email , a phone call , even a paper letter if you arrange for delivery before next Tuesday .
A singing telegram might make a powerful impression , but hurry before they extend the copyright on the song .
If the government were to stop slavishly obeying the record companies as it formerly obeyed George Bush , and turn its attention to the real issue – how to support the arts in the digital age without impeding sharing – there is no shortage of methods it could try .
My 1992 proposal for a special tax to be distributed to artists , with the money partly shifted from the most popular ones towards those not quite so successful , is still applicable .
Meanwhile , many artists support themselves already with voluntary payments by their fans .
If we make it easier to send these payments , with a send - one - dollar or send - one - pound button on every player , this method would work even better .
And without disconnecting anyone !
Richard Stallman is the founder of the GNU Project and Free Software Foundation
[ Haskell - cafe ] The Poor Man's PVP - Checking Tool
Hi ,
The issue of a tool to help with checking packages against the Package Versioning Policy ( PVP : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Package_versioning_policy) has come up several times on this list , and it seems to be a generally wanted tool .
One of the things desired in such a tool is the ability to check what has been added / changed / removed in the latest version of a package , to help see what kind of version bump is needed according to the PVP .
This could also be used to check if past releases have obeyed the PVP .
A proper way to build this tool is to parse the types of everything involved ( functions , data types , and instances ) , and check them for being the same ( given that the type parameters may have been renamed , or a definition substituted for a synonym and so on ) .
I have instead hacked together a tool in an hour or so that roughly does the job .
It uses Perl , which I have n't written for a long time , because that was quickest -- if this bothers you , pretend its a crazy Haskell EDSL or something :-) .
I 've attached the Perl script .
It combines the command - line tools diff and sort with a tiny bit of manual processing along with the Haskell tool cabal - install , and brings them to bear on the output of " haddock -- hoogle " , which already nicely spits out the types of all functions , data types and instances in your library .
It looks for differences in the output between two package versions , and tells you what version bump it thinks you need .
It errs on the conservative side , I believe -- it should never miss a bump when it 's needed , but you may sometimes get a false alarm if you 've made a harmless change .
As an example , let 's take the recent stm release .
You run the Perl script with the name and version of both package versions ( if you omit the version , it should use the latest ) : ==== neil at beast ~ : perl cmp.perl stm-2.1.2.0 stm-2.1.1.2
Warning :
The documentation for the following packages are not installed .
No links will be generated to these packages : ffi-1.0 , rts -1.0 Warning :
The documentation for the following packages are not installed .
No links will be generated to these packages : ffi-1.0 , rts-1.0 25a26 > Control .
Concurrent .STM.TVar:readTVarIO :: TVar a -> IO a 39c40 < @version 2.1.1.2 --- > @version 2.1.2.0 Given previous version number A.B.C.D : It seems you have added something .
You must increase C ( or A or B ) ====
For those who can read diff , you get the diff .
At the bottom , the tool works out the required bump ; here something was added so C must be increased , and we can see that the package did just that .
Let 's take another example from my latest development version of my CHP library ; here I run the command with one argument ( chp , which means the latest version on Hackage ) : ==== neil at banshee ~ / work / chp : perl cmp.perl chp Warning :
The documentation for the following packages are not installed .
No links will be generated to these packages : rts-1.0 Control / Concurrent / CHP / Alt.hs:116:9 : Warning : orphan instance : instance Alternative CHP
Warning :
The documentation for the following packages are not installed .
No links will be generated to these packages : rts-1.0 6a7 > Control .Concurrent .CHP .
Alt:instance Alternative CHP 82d82 < Control.Concurrent .CHP.Channels .
Creation :class ChannelTuple t 88,92d87 < Control.Concurrent.CHP.Channels .
Creation : instance ( Channel r w ) => ChannelTuple ( Chan r w a , Chan r w a ) < Control.Concurrent .CHP .Channels .
Creation : instance ( Channel r w ) => ChannelTuple
( Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a ) < Control.Concurrent .CHP .Channels .
Creation : instance ( Channel r w ) =>
ChannelTuple ( Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a ) < Control.Concurrent .CHP .Channels .
Creation : instance ( Channel r w ) => ChannelTuple
( Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a ) < Control.Concurrent .CHP .Channels .
Creation : instance ( Channel r w ) => ChannelTuple
( Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a , Chan r w a ) 102d96 < Control .
Concurrent .CHP.Channels.Creation:newChannels :: ( ChannelTuple t , MonadCHP m ) => m t 149c143 < Control.Concurrent.CHP.Monad:class ( MonadIO m ) => MonadCHP m --- > Control.Concurrent.CHP.Monad:class ( Monad m ) => MonadCHP m 155a150 > Control .Concurrent .CHP .
Monad : foreverP :: CHP a -> CHP b 156a152 > Control .Concurrent .CHP.Monad:liftIO_CHP
:: IO a -> CHP a 160a157 > Control .Concurrent .CHP.Monad:process :: String -> a -> a 164a162 > Control.Concurrent.CHP.Monad:subProcess :: String -> a -> a 169c167 < Control.Concurrent.CHP.Parallel:data ( Monad m , MonadCHP m ) =>
ForkingT m a --- > Control.Concurrent.CHP.Parallel:data ForkingT m a 173d170 < Control.Concurrent.CHP.Parallel : instance ( MonadIO m ) => MonadIO ( ForkingT m ) 175c172 < Control.Concurrent.CHP.Parallel : instance MonadTrans ForkingT --- > Control.Concurrent.CHP.Parallel:liftForking :: ( Monad m ) => m a -> ForkingT m a 239c236 < @version 2.1.0.1 --- > @version 2.2.0 Given previous version number A.B.C.D : It seems you have added , removed or changed some instances .
You must increase A or B
It seems you have removed something , or changed its name or type .
You must increase A or B
It seems you have added something .
You must increase C ( or A or B ) ====
As you can see , I 've been changing a lot in CHP , and I 'm going to need a major version bump ( which I 've already put in , as you can see : 2.1.0.1 to 2.2.0 ) .
It should n't be too hard to augment the tool to check the versions against the required bump .
I think that covers everything .
The script has been tested with GHC 6.10.4 ( and tools of a similar vintage ) and 6.12.1 ( with near - enough the latest versions of most things ) , but it will probably go wrong if you sneeze at it .
In particular , many newer Haskell features ( e.g. GADTs ) may throw it off , and I 'm not sure if it will work if you use it on an OS that 's too far from Linux .
But hopefully it'll provide a useful stop - gap for some until a real tool is developed , and I think it 's at least better than having nothing .
Thanks , Neil .
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : cmp.perl Type : application / x- perl Size : 2019 bytes Desc : not available Url : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100426/116b44bc/cmp.bin
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BBC Your Story 's Nina Robinson has been meeting Manba fanatics Declan and Eilish who demonstrate the manba dance called para- para
From “ Cartographies of Time ”
It ’s only April , and my vote for the most beautiful book of the year may be all sewn up .
Slide Show ‘ Cartographies of Time ’
A selection of images from the book .
“ Cartographies of Time , ” published recently by Princeton Architectural Press , is an eye - popping record of the ways that mapmakers , chronologists , artists and other infographics geeks have tried to convey the passage of time visually .
“ What does history look like ? ” the coauthors Daniel Rosenberg and Anthony Grafton write in their introduction .
“ How do you draw time ? ”
All of us are familiar with the old - fashioned timelines showing the march from antiquity to the industrial age , and Rosenberg and Grafton include some gorgeous examples .
But they also dig up some far more mind - bending images , from Renaissance royal chronologies in the shape of bears to the 19th - century educator Emma Willard ’s 3 - D “ Temple of Time ” ( above ) , which must have looked pretty trippy on the walls of her upstate New York girls ’ school .
For a slideshow of images from “ Cartographies of Time , ” click here .
Gang Starr ‘s Guru has died of cancer aged 43 .
Guru , real name Keith Elam , passed away yesterday ( April 19 ) after a year - long battle with the disease .
The rapper , who formed Gang Starr in 1985 , had suffered a heart attack on February 28 then slipped into a coma .
Shortly after his death producer Solar released a letter allegedly written by the rapper on his death bed , reports Allhiphop .
In it Guru stated that he wanted Solar to look after all elements of his character after death , and that his ex-Gang Starr partner DJ Premier should not be allowed to operate under the duo ’s name .
Advertisement
“ I , Guru , am writing this letter to my fans , friends and loved ones around the world , ” the letter began .
“ I have had a long battle with cancer and have succumbed to the disease .
I have suffered with this illness for over a year .
I have exhausted all medical options . ”
It continues : “ Solar and his family is my family and I love them dearly and I expect my family , friends , and fans to respect that , regardless to anybody ’s feelings on the matter .
It is my wish that counts .
This being said I am survived by the love of my life , my sun KC , who I trust will be looked after by Solar and his family as their own .
Any awards or tributes should be accepted , organised , approved by Solar on behalf of myself and my son until he is of age to accept on his own . ”
Writing of DJ Premier in the letter , Guru added : “ I do not wish my ex-DJ to have anything to do with my name likeness , events tributes etc .
I had nothing to do with him in life for over seven years and want nothing to do with him in death .
Solar has my life story and is well informed on my family situation , as well as the real reason for separating from my ex-DJ . ”
Upon hearing the news , DJ Premier paid tribute to Guru on his blog , Djpremierblog.com .
“ Our warmest condolences to Guru ‘s family and loved ones at this difficult time , ” he wrote .
Guru ‘s actual family are yet to comment on his death , although last month his nephew Justin Nicholas - Elam Ruff posted a YouTube video saying that Solar was not letting them see him during his illness .
“ Solar has completely cut us off .
My family has no way of knowing what is going on with Guru ‘s situation , ” he said in the video .
As a top same day loan no denial lender with over 26 years of experience we are committed to giving you the best shot to get the loan you need .
Online banking is a medium that has been in existence for many number of years , but users were n't happy with many other guaranteed payday loans no denial
companies since they usually had many problems .
Because these days , you can't choose from many since many lenders offering 1 hour cash loans online are not legal .
However our company is as legal as they come , and we have a 3 minute application with a extremely simple payment structure .
This is the reason many customers choose us every time over the others .
Our ideal terms
A bit of leeway with getting online money from our company is in the frequently substantially more appealing terms .
We make it simple for you to get the guaranteed payday loans no matter what direct lender and it shows .
This reality is basically discernible to the way that no administration staff should be subsidized ;
There are likewise no expenses for the support of the branch , which should at last be paid by the client .
There is additionally a legitimacy that similarity improves .
Today , correlation entries empower you to scan for assets by reason for use , sum and month to month reimbursement sum .
In any case : an individual , singular conference is obviously no longer conceivable along these lines .
To contrast the offers and one another , the bank consultant most likely never again required .
Since the official manages that a yearly rate must be indicated .
This quick loans for bad credit same day cost incorporates the obligation enthusiasm as well as all handling expenses , with the goal that the offers can be thought about legitimately with a Same day loan
We remain by every single law , and pursue the standards , however different moneylenders do n't .
Nowadays you never again need to finish every one of the applications and types of your bank ( the credit officer checks ) - us as a supplier offer an altogether different kind of same day store payday advances direct loan specialist .
Opportunties to get funding is not easy to attain .
You need to save money
Online credit is a shabby option .
Online suppliers regularly need you to pay less cash than different tribal loans no teletrack direct lender specialists .
You need to pay less intrigue and lower administration charges ( assuming any ) .
Online loan specialists have no overheads that most conventional banks need to manage .
Online credit suppliers are additionally not individuals from the credit associations and they do n't need to tolerate any administrative expenses .
That implies you save money .
As a further option , supposed transient assets are accessible .
On a basic level , these are additionally subsidize that can be put without individual bank contact .
Much of the time , you never again even need to verify with a bank .
The supplier has built up a procedure in which the client can confirm himself lawfully by means of webcam .
Thusly , prompt endorsement is conceivable , which can understand payouts inside 60 minutes .
The unique element of these momentary liquidates : for the most part the sums are low , the greatest is around 5,000 dollars .
What 's more , the money is typically reimbursed with the following receipt of cash inside 60 days in one entirety .
Likewise as far as FICO score , one is less prohibitive than the great monetary organizations .
Indeed , even negative sections in some different cases do n't really prompt a dismissal .
Notwithstanding , this is normally the situation with customary ones on the web , where comparable prerequisites are set on the borrower as traditional bank offices do .
Notwithstanding a standard salary , a work contract is required outside the trial time frame .
Be that as it may , a negative score with your actual payday lenders can prompt a dismissal .
Significant hint for borrowers : the reason ought to dependably be expressed , as this can regularly build the second shot payday advances direct loan specialist .
For instance , a vehicle can fill in as security for a dedication and increment the odds of a reaction .
There is an online moneylender from the conventional bank .
Yet , how are they unique ?
New loan specialists center around encouraging the way toward acquiring .
Quick endorsement
It 's anything but difficult to take out money on the off chance that you have a positive record as a consumer .
Ideally , you have constructed trust and experience considerable difficulties , at that point you have a decent shot of getting financed .
Online loan specialists are all the more ready to look less carefully at credit prerequisites and to take a gander at other data to ensure you are trustworthy , ( for example , utility installments and even information on your interpersonal organizations ) .
Quicker endorsement
Frequently , online 2nd chance payday loans direct lender can let you know promptly in the event that you fit the bill for this , how much credit you can get , and the amount you need to pay month to month in premium and main .
Most conventional banks do it another way :
You can most likely complete an application on the web , however it might take some time before you find a solution ( somebody needs to check the application and you may even need to visit the bank by and by ) .
Unbound direct banks for awful credit advances .
This implies you do n't need to vow your benefits so as to get the opportunity to take out assets .
So there is no risk of losing every one of your benefits .
In the event that you do n't reimburse an unbound you lose focuses in FICO assessments , yet you can at present keep your home or vehicle .
How might you get subsidizing on the web ?
An online loan specialist can be contrasted with a customary bank in spite of the fact that it makes it simpler to round out the structures for shabby credit .
You should give individual data about you and your calling ( eg name , government managed savings number , address ) .
Contingent upon the sum , you additionally need to give money related data , ( for example , your salary , costs , and so forth . ) .
To apply for money on the web , you can essentially choose a supplier .
Noting the online survey around 10 - 15 minutes .
Online Credit With Immediate Commitment : Benefits Of A Fast Alternative
A costly episode generally comes exactly when you would least be able to utilize it .
To be specific , when the record is as of now on the cutoff and quite recently the vehicle needs to go to the workshop in light of the fact that a fix is pending or a high caliber electrical apparatus like the clothes washer has surrendered the apparition .
At that point you need the best cash promptly on the record .
In the event that the time until the following pay landings can't be crossed over , an internet subsidizing with moment affirmation can speak to the salvage of most prominent need .
The reason :
The online money with moment affirmation is prepared as fast as could be allowed , checked and paid .
This implies the borrower has the cash in the most ideal case the following day in his record .
These points of interest are offered by the online moment contrasted with the home fund
Particularly if the credit line has just been depleted , setting off to the bank is an impractical notion for customers who need cash quick .
The reason :
For this situation , the application is checked in all respects cautiously .
For the client this implies he needs to present a ton of records , for example , pay articulations and such , so the credit request can be checked in any case .
Obviously , the consequent test additionally requires some serious energy - until the client gets a positive or negative reaction , it can take days , if not weeks .
A little quicker it could as of now work in other online organizations .
The application is taken care of decently fast by this supplier .
Web applications with moment affirmation are additionally accessible without a credit authority test
Another negative point :
For each credit demand , the bank initially asks the credit reference department to check the reliability .
At last , when the money is endorsed , a passage will be made in the credit agency .
Subsequently , the financial soundness of the borrower falls apart in the long haul .
So on the off chance that you just need to connect a momentary money related bottleneck and plan interest within a reasonable time - frame that you need to back altogether - , for example , purchasing a vehicle or building a house - you 'll need to reimburse the later assets as higher loan fees later .
Online moment money : might be increasingly costly ; however quicker and progressively agreeable
Commercial center for money
The best money online are not offered by non-customary banks .
Indeed , not from your nearby bank and not from the enormous banks .
New credit suppliers just offer explicit items .
They do n't offer checks , investment accounts , charge cards or business administrations .
On the off chance that , then again , the buyer picks a loaning establishment with quick endorsement , he can helpfully look for a supplier from the home 's couch who forgoes the credit agency inquiry and furthermore does not make a section in the credit department .
For this alternative , the borrower may need to pay a couple of euros more , yet he is generally speaking for all time less expensive than it would have a negative rating in the credit agency .
The occasionally higher intrigue costs and the diminished credit check in the media now and then have basic voices
Get online credit with moment promise , particularly with regards to customers with existing obligation .
Credit check : Decision frequently progressively
In this manner , the test is done by institutionalized systems , so the choice on a positive or negative choice in as well as can be expected be made inside a couple of minutes .
Buyers who have selected prompt installment and quick installment , more often than not with extra charges , can , in the most ideal case , pull back the ideal advance sum from their record the exceptionally following day .
Infrequently does the payout sum take in excess of a couple of working days .
By chance , in the event that you need your cash as fast as could be expected under the circumstances , you ought to present your application the best time in the first part of the day - with a touch of karma , the sum would then be able to be reserved out around the same time .
Another in addition to : quick application and handling
At the point when the customer at long last picks a supplier , they can put the application online in only a couple of minutes .
The preparing can be quickened on the off chance that he has the vital archives , for example , evidence of a standard salary and - on account of an agreement with a more drawn out term - an inconclusive activity .
He would then be able to send the relating proofs together with the application to the supplier and in this way abbreviate the length of the handling .
Further tips on the most proficient method to get the guaranteed payday loans direct lenders quicker or promptly on the record without causing an excessive amount of extra expenses for themselves , Europa - Web has exhibited in the connected manual content .
What recognizes on the web ?
An online reserve is just finished and prepared by means of the Internet , which varies altogether from customary advances .
Online advances are given by alleged direct banks , which do n't have a branch organize .
The discussion is done here solely by post , phone or email .
Thus , direct banks spare extensive costs , which implies that these borrowers can regularly offer incredibly appealing financing costs .
What recognizes banks on the web ?
To apply for a moneylender on the web , just a couple of steps are important .
The borrower only enters key information of the ideal money in a screen veil , for example ,
Term of it
Wanted sum
Utilization
Tonight , millions of people will tune in to watch the final episode of the BBC's Wonders of the Solar System .
The programme has achieved unprecedented ratings for a science documentary series , ratings that have BBC executives sighing with relief .
The tarnished image of public service broadcasting has received a little polish thanks to the programme 's success .
Filming for the follow - up series , Universal , begins next month .
It 's tempting to put the series ' success down to the presenter , " rock - star physicist " Brian Cox .
A professor at the University of Manchester , Cox certainly is charismatic , knowledgeable and enthusiastic , and he has an engaging , no - frills approach to his delivery .
( The good teeth and hair do n't hurt , either . )
The real star , though – without wanting to take anything away from Cox – is the solar system .
It genuinely is stuffed with wonders .
I challenge you to watch footage of Jupiter 's Great Red Spot , a whirling tempest large enough to swallow the Earth three times over , without feeling awed .
Let 's be clear : it 's just a big storm , the movement of molecules of atmospheric gas .
We live in a scientific age when we can explain this with cool , clear logic .
And yet we can't help but respond emotionally .
If you pass the Spot test , try looking dispassionately at the image of Earth beamed back by Nasa 's Cassini - Huygens spacecraft .
The picture is taken from beyond Saturn , and our planet is a pale blue dot in the background .
Home is a lonely few pixels in this jaw - dropping image , millions of miles distant .
As Carl Sagan said of a similar picture taken by the Voyager spacecraft , " Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark . "
If ever you wanted perspective on your place in the universe , that should be enough to last a lifetime .
And herein lies the power of astronomy .
It taps into our very human desire to know who we are , where we came from , and how we fit into the bigger picture .
Looking at the seething , roiling surface of the Sun , where a flare a million miles high can leap out into the vastness of space , we get a sense of our insignificance .
But – and here 's one of the keys to the success of Wonders – we can extract whatever we like from the experience .
There are no right or wrong answers .
Whether you are religious , an atheist or agnostic , you can look into the heavens and gather material that confirms your world view .
The sky is a blank page on to which we write our hopes and fears .
It started with astrology , of course , the idea that the movement of the stars and planets determines the fates of the poor , humble souls who walk the Earth .
This primal notion is still with us , judging by the astronomical salaries paid to the tabloid astrologers .
It 's easyto scoff at the fact that people living in a modern , scientific age are still willing to believe stars and planets can direct their fate .
But do n't laugh : it is our default position .
Modern neuroscience , combined with sophisticated psychological experiments , has made it clear that humans read significance into almost anything .
We have evolution to thank for that .
Our ancestors were the survivors of a dangerous landscape , who instinctively ran when they heard a strange noise .
We did n't get where we are today without reading too much into every natural phenomenon , so we were never going to be able to resist interpreting lights in the sky .
This is why the power to predict the motions of the heavenly bodies became such a precious commodity .
If you know how the heavens work you can impress and exercise control over those around you .
And so , extremely early in human history , began the uneasy relationship between astronomy and religion .
The link continues even into this scientific age .
Today , for example , Easter Day , is a date that is determined by consideration of the phases of the Moon and the position of the Earth relative to the Sun .
Every major religion draws on the heavens for metaphors of infinity , helplessness and mystery .
The myriad stars are an indication of a deity 's power .
The vastness of space gives a useful sense of insignificance .
The unknowability of what 's out there mirrors the ineffable .
Add it all together , and it plays beautifully into the hands of priests and shamans .
It 's no surprise , then , that organised religion has always struggled against science 's growing grip on the heavens .
The way things stood in the 15th century was just fine for the Catholic church :
God controlled the motion of the planets and stars ; humans were at the centre of His creation , and priests provided the necessary mediation between the terrestrial and celestial spheres .
Then along came Bruno , Copernicus , Galileo and Newton .
Slowly , the church 's sphere of influence waned .
By the end of the 18th century , scientists were writing God out of the picture .
In 1796 , the French aristocrat Pierre Simon , Marquis de Laplace , published a book on the mechanisms of the universe .
It mapped out all the movements of the planets using Newton 's gravitational theory , and did not mention God once .
This amused Napoleon , who asked Laplace how he could write a book about the universe without mentioning its creator .
" Sir , " Laplace replied , " I had no need of that hypothesis . "
So all we have left now , really , is wonder .
But the interesting thing about this irrational awe is that the scientists feel it , too .
Carolyn Porco , head of the Nasa Cassini - Huygens mission that is exploring Saturn , waxes evangelical about her role .
" Being a scientist means staring immensity and eternity in the face every day , " she says .
" It 's about as meaningful and awe - inspiring as it gets . "
Porco says looking at her spacecraft 's picture of Earth as seen from beyond Saturn provides a near religious experience : such images are the iconography of science .
The Cassini -Huygens mission provides a metaphor , she says , for " a much larger human voyage to understand the interconnectedness of everything around us and also how humans fit into that picture " .
This idea of the " interconnectedness of everything " is similar to the theme expounded by the Harvard University biologist E O Wilson .
Wilson talks about our " biophilia " , an innate connection we feel with the living world .
But biophilia seems to be part of something much bigger , a connection to the physical landscape we inhabit .
It is almost as if we enjoy feeling small .
And there is no bigger vista for human beings to consider than space .
It 's no wonder that the Earth is littered with astronomical artefacts .
There 's neolithic Stonehenge , with its alignment to the rising midsummer and midwinter sunset .
Chaco Canyon in New Mexico contains the Fajada Butte sculpture , where a spiral carving is split in two by the Sun 's rays at noon on the summer solstice .
Mexico has plenty of ancient astronomical features .
Some are extraordinary feats of engineering , such as the " zenith tubes " , where the Sun 's light enters only at specific moments of the year .
Then there are ancient scientific instruments such as the " Antikythera mechanism " salvaged from an ancient Greek shipwreck .
It appears to be an astronomical computer that can calculate the motions of the planets and stars , the timings of eclipses and the phases of the Moon .
It seems we have always had a need to grasp the heavens .
The physicist Steven Weinberg summed it up with typical flair .
" The effort to understand the universe , " he said , " is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce , and gives it some of the grace of tragedy . "
In an age when science struggles for funding , there is an important lesson to be learned from the success of Wonders of the Solar System .
Because we live under skies occluded by smog or streetlights , it appears that people need astronomy more than ever .
The stars provide our connection with all of humanity , past and present .
Everyone who has ever walked Earth 's surface will have looked up at the sky and asked the same questions that come while listening to Cox 's rapt , lyrical commentary .
We might live in the age of rational enlightenment , but we are no less awed for that .
In the universal , persistent fascination with astronomy , we may have found the ultimate measure of what it means to be human .
Chimpanzees are our closest primate relative , and have a number of behaviors we once thought were human only : they empathize , cooperate , and have a sense of self .
But how do they deal with the most distressing event possible — death ?
Advertisement
Two studies this being published in Current Biology this week show a remarkable amount about how chimpanzees mourn , and the effect that death has on them — sometimes in ways very similar to us , sometimes shockingly different .
In what is an incredibly rare occurrence , cameras recorded the death and mourning of two groups of chimps — one with an elderly female , and the other with the death of two infants .
When an adult chimp dies unexpectedly or traumatically , the tribe 's reaction is often loud and violent .
Both times here , the reaction from those close to the dead was very different .
At a UK safari park , three chimps gathered around another , elder female of the group as she neared death .
Pansy was more than 50 years old , and had been slowing down for some time .
For days before her death , the group was very quiet , and paid her lots of attention .
Just before she died , the group continually groomed and caressed her , which researchers think was partly to test for signs of life .
When she died , the group left , but her adult daughter came back , and spent the night with the body .
Advertisement
The next day the keepers removed the corpse , and the other chimps remained subdued .
For a number of days they avoided sleeping on the platform where she died — usually a prized location , and remained generally quiet for long period afterwards .
At the opposite end of the age spectrum , a group of researchers were studying chimpanzees in Guinea , and observed the death of two infants from flu - like respiratory infections .
The mothers responded by carrying around the bodies of their children for weeks or months , to the point where the corpse was mummified .
They would take them everywhere , groom them , and take them to sleep .
Slowly , over the course of this period , the mothers would begin to let the other chimps come in contact with the dead babies for longer and longer periods .
They would increase the length of time they could handle being separate from the bodies , even allowing other young chimpanzees to play with them ( like in the video below ) .
They appeared to slowly and gradually accept the passing of their younh .
Our furry cousins obviously have an inkling of death , grief , and empathy , and understanding their view on mortality raises interesting questions about our own .
How different is a mother chimpanzee 's veneration for their dead child different from Victorian trend of post - mortem photography ?
How far is it from burying the dead ?
The chimpanzees seem to have no distaste or repulsion to the dead , even keeping them around for months .
Why do n't they have any aversion to the potentially disease causing bodies ?
Is there a chimpanzee afterlife they believe in ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
James Anderson of the University of Stirling says of the safari park chimps :
" Several phenomena have at one time or another been considered as setting humans apart from other species : reasoning ability , language ability , tool use , cultural variation , and self - awareness , for example , but science has provided strong evidence that the boundaries between us and other species are nowhere near to being as clearly defined as many people used to think .
The awareness of death is another such psychological phenomenon .
The findings we 've described , along with other observations of how chimpanzees respond to dead and dying companions , indicate that their awareness of death is probably more highly developed than is often suggested .
It may be related to their sense of self - awareness , shown through phenomena such as self - recognition and empathy towards others . "
Advertisement
[ Papers published in Current Biology , Press Release ]
You are using the BNS Add Widget plugin .
Thank You !
You could say we 've already reviewed the HTC Desire .
After all , it 's essentially a jumped - up Nexus One with a few minor changes , right ?
Wrong .
HTC Sense , Adobe Flash support and an optical trackpad make it a brand new experience .
Advertisement
( Disclaimer : Before moving forward , we should let you know that the Desire is available in the UK .
No plans have been announced for a US release . )
Advertisement
Twins , But Only Fraternal
Comparing the Desire to the Nexus One , you realize that both handsets have 3.7 - inch WVGA AMOLED capacitive touchscreens , sport very similarly - sized bodies ( though the Nexus One is a shade thinner , and has soft - touch keys ) , run Android 2.1 , and include 5.0 - megapixel cameras with LED flash .
One of the main attractions is the fact that both handsets have Qualcomm Snapdragon QSD 8250 processors running at 1GHz — so they 're extremely speedy to use .
Inside , the Desire forgoes active noise cancellation , but has more RAM at 576MB compared to the 512MB the Nexus One has .
So , small differences .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The addition of HTC Sense is a biggie though .
It 's singlehandedly why I enjoy using Android so much — I just can't imagine owning a device with MOTOBLUR , Mediascape or S - Class .
It changes the way you use Android , so in that aspect alone it's a completely different kettle of fish in comparison to the Nexus One .
Unless you 've already installed the Sense / Flash ROM on your Nexus One .
Advertisement
HTC 's Legend is the only other handset running Android 2.1 with the updated Sense , which we ran through in our review .
New features include the Mac OS X - like " Leap " function , social networking amalgamator FriendStream , and updated contact profiles .
A Design For Life ?
The Desire falls right in the middle of HTC design territory .
It 's got that slightly - rubberized back and metallic front down - pat , along with silver keys and a thin bezel .
It 's no Legend , with unibody aluminum casing , but it 's a nice build and a great size — ideal for browsing .
Being a keypad - fan , I 'm always nervous when tapping out long emails on touchscreens , but actually I made fewer mistakes on the Desire than I have done on any other device — typing is a dream .
The virtual keyboard is given more real estate , and due to the responsive nature of the touchscreen only a light tap or stroke is needed .
Advertisement
But the speed of the experience just makes me wish that HTC had crammed all of the Desire 's innards into the Legend .
I know many people prefer the plastic , metallic bodies of the Nexus One and Desire , but after reviewing the aluminum Legend , the Desire feels every so cheaper in my hand .
Hand feel alone is n't worth marking the Desire down — it has more than enough positives to outway a small personal preference concerning the materials used .
Advertisement
Swapping the trackball of the Nexus One for the Legend 's optical trackpad was a smart move as it provides a comfortable , accurate mousing experience .
There are obvious reasons why HTC is moving away from trackballs ( likewise , BlackBerry has discovered balls get dirt stuck underneath them and stop rolling correctly ) , and it proves very handy when editing text in an email .
However , I did n't rely on the trackpad too heavily , as the touchscreen 's response quality is just so superb , as is the speed of the processor — I did n't encounter a single problem with app loading time or switching between programs .
Flash , Oooh Ahh , Savior Of The Universe ?
Adobe Flash 10.1
Lite support .
That means the moving adverts on Gizmodo were visible — and websites with embedded video actually played it from either right within the Android browser , or in the Flash browser ( which opens when you click on a video ) .
Advertisement
YouTube , with its video taking up the whole screen , feels much like the dedicated YouTube app all Android phones ( and iPhones ) come with .
I much preferred watching video in this dedicated Flash browser , as sometimes embedded video in the Android browser was far slower — even , dare I say it , buggy .
( But that 's Flash Lite for you ! )
Some sites ' video refused to play at all , like BBC iPlayer , which depends on Shockwave Flash support .
Advertisement
Is This Desire ?
Cash registers have n't exactly been ringing the sound of Nexus One sales since its January launch , mostly thanks to a lack of knowledge surrounding the phone .
HTC meanwhile has been very smart , creating an almost - identical HTC - badged phone , with only slightly upgraded spec .
Given the choice , there 's no two ways about it .
Some may prefer Androids sans Sense , but that 's easily uninstallable .
HTC has pretty much shot the Nexus One in the kneecap by releasing the Desire ... in the UK .
There are no known plans as of yet to release the Desire in the US , which is a shame .
Advertisement
The Desire is one of the fastest Android phones on the market .
It has the best browsing experience , with the large responsive screen and addition of Flash .
It has one of the best cameras found on an Android phone .
It runs on the most intuitive , constantly - adapting operating systems available .
It collates your social networking updates and contacts in the easiest and most efficient way possible .
So yes , it 's definitely worthy of your desire — however embarrassing the name may be .
Advertisement
Flash Lite browsing is better than no Flash browsing
Advertisement
HTC Sense makes for a better social experience
Advertisement
Extremely fast
Advertisement
Animated wallpapers are a welcome novelty
Advertisement
Battery life could be better
Advertisement
Flash Lite can still be clunky at times
So you need to run Internet Explorer on your Mac and you do n’t want to bother with a full Windows install in something like Parallels .
What are you left with ?
Update : You can download Internet Explorer and Windows virtual machines for free that run within Mac OS X .
That method works for IE7 , IE 8 , and IE9 , although they run within a VM rather than as an app like the below method .
Try WineBottler , it runs off of Wine and ‘ bottles ’ various Windows apps into launchable .app files that sit in your Applications folder like any other Mac app .
There ’s several packages included in WineBottler but the ones you are interested in using are Internet Explorer .
Download Internet Explorer for Mac
Downloading Internet Explorer for Mac directly can be done with IE5 , but as we mention below Microsoft stopped supporting it officially after this version .
Later versions of Internet Explorer can be downloaded and run through the WineBottler app within Mac OS X , the instructions below will walk you through this process with versions 6 , 7 , and 8 .
Here ’s how to get Internet Explorer running on your Mac using WineBottler :
Download and Get Internet Explorer 6 for Mac
* Download WineBottler
* Launch the WineBottler app
* Click on ‘ Install Predefined Prefixes ’ on the left column
* Select “ Internet Explorer 6.0 ”
* Click ‘ Install ’
* Select the folder you want Internet Explorer 6.app to be installed into ( Applications )
* Wait a few moments while IE6 gets installed , you may be asked about installing DCOM98.EXE from Microsoft , which is a required part of IE .
This goes through Wine .
* When the Installation is finished , locate the newly created Internet Explorer 6.app located where you specified earlier and launch
* You are now running Internet Explorer 6 on your Mac !
Download and Run Internet Explorer 7 or 8 in Mac OS
* Installation and setup instructions are the same as above but click on “ Internet Explorer 7 or 8 ” in the package installer .
See screenshot below for installation reference .
* You will then look for the newly downloaded and installed “ Internet Explorer 7.app ” file within / Applications
Stability of running IE for Mac via WineBottler
If you are looking to install Internet Explorer 7 or 8 be aware that the developer of WineBottler warns both IE7 and IE8 are not particularly stable .
I can confirm this , both crashed during testing the app but IE8 was particularly problematic .
If you want to run Internet Explorer 7 or 8 in Mac OS I ’d highly recommend just installing Parallels , VirtualBox , or VMWare with Windows , it ’ll be far more stable .
You can download WineBottler from the developer .
What about Internet Explorer 5 ?
IE 5.2.3 was the last supported and released version of Internet Explorer by Microsoft for Mac OS .
You can get Internet Explorer 5.2.3 for Mac OS X if you are interested in running this older version .
Why would you run Internet Explorer in Mac OS X ?
Well , there ’s a bunch of reasons you ’d want to use IE on your Mac , but most are developers looking to insure cross-platform and cross-platform compatibility .
Again , if you are looking to use IE6 , IE7 , or IE8 frequently in Mac OS X , it ’s probably best to use something like Parallels , VMWare , or VirtualBox .
I am partial to VirtualBox because it is a free download .
In this case you will need to have a Windows install within the virtualization software to be able to run Internet Explorer on top of Mac OS X .
Using productive farmland to grow crops for food instead of fuel is more energy efficient , Michigan State University scientists concluded , after analyzing 17 years ' worth of data to help settle the food versus fuel debate .
" It 's 36 percent more efficient to grow grain for food than for fuel , " said Ilya Gelfand , an MSU postdoctoral researcher and lead author of the study .
" The ideal is to grow corn for food , then leave half the leftover stalks and leaves on the field for soil conservation and produce cellulosic ethanol with the other half . "
Other studies have looked at energy efficiencies for crops over shorter time periods , but this MSU study is the first to consider energy balances of an entire cropping system over many years .
The results are published in the April 19 online issue of the journal Environmental Science & Technology .
" It comes down to what 's the most efficient use of the land , " said Phil Robertson , University Distinguished Professor of crop and soil sciences and one of the paper 's authors .
" Given finite land resources , will it be more efficient to use productive farmland for food or fuel ?
One compromise would be to use productive farmland for both -- to use the grain for food and the other parts of the plant for fuel where possible .
Another would be to reserve productive farmland for food and to grow biofuel grasses -- cellulosic biomass -- on less productive land . "
He , Gelfand and Sieglinde Snapp , another co-author and an MSU associate professor of crop and soil sciences , analyzed data collected from 1989 to 2007 at the W.K. Kellogg Long Term Ecological Research site .
That National Science Foundation - funded project studies ecology and environmental biology to provide a better understanding of both natural and managed systems .
It is the only agricultural program in the 26 - site NSF national LTER network .
The scientists compared the energy inputs and outputs of producing corn , soybeans and wheat grown using four systems : conventional tillage , no - till , low chemical input and organic , and then using all harvested plant material for either food or biofuel production .
They also looked at energy balances for growing alfalfa , an important forage plant that can be used either for biofuel or for beef cattle feed .
advertisement
The analysis showed that using no - till production to grow grain for food was the most energy - efficient system for food or fuel production .
Avoiding plowing with no -till management reduces tractor fuel use during production .
Producing a kilogram of corn for human food provides more energy than converting the corn to either ethanol by processing or to meat by feeding it to animals .
Growing alfalfa for biofuel is 60 percent more efficient than using it as cattle feed , according to the study .
Robertson and Gelfand also are members of the Great Lakes Bioenergy Research Center , a partnership between Michigan State and the University of Wisconsin - Madison funded by the U.S. Department of Energy to conduct basic research aimed at solving some of the most complex problems in converting natural materials to energy .
The U.S. Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 calls for biofuels to comprise 22 percent of the nation 's transportation fuels by 2022 .
" This research is aimed at policymakers who have to decide how and where biofuels should be grown and the best way to encourage farmers to follow those suggestions , " Robertson said .
Research by MSU agricultural economics professor Scott Swinton earlier found that the most profitable cellulosic biofuel crop right now is corn stalks and leaves .
" Our research suggests that this is an energy - efficient strategy as well , so long as the grain is used for food , " Robertson said .
" But there are not enough corn stalks to meet expected energy needs and federal policy also may decide to offer incentives to grow crops that offer more environmental benefits than corn , including incentives to grow grasses on less productive land .
" The promise of biofuels made from biomass is huge , from both climate mitigation and economic perspectives , " he continued .
" But the promise could come up short if we do n't pay attention to details such as the land on which they are grown . "
The research is funded by the GLBRC , the NSF and the Michigan Agricultural Experiment Station .
A pilot the British authorities wrongly accused of involvement in the September 11 attacks has won his legal battle for compensation .
The man , an Algerian - born British resident , was arrested in Britain shortly after the attacks .
Lotfi Raissi was held in a maximum security prison for nearly five months before a judge ordered his release , saying there was no evidence to link him to terrorism .
Two years ago , the court of appeal said Mr Raissi had been the victim of the heightened emotional atmosphere at the end of 2001 and ordered ministers to consider paying damages .
Justice secretary Jack Straw has now declared that Mr Raissi is eligible for compensation .
The amount will be independently assessed but it is thought it could run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
Mr Raissi says he is delighted the decision exonerated him .
" This is one of the best days of my life .
I mean nine years of struggle , I mean this is the end of it , " he said .
" My life was destroyed .
My career was destroyed ...
It was hell for me for the last nine years . "
Over the past two years , more than a dozen Securities and Exchange employees and contractors have tried to view pornography on government computers at least 8,273 times .
Here 's what they were looking at while the global financial system cratered .
The Washington Times broke the story of the SEC 's porn problem , which became the subject of numerous inspector general investigations , last month .
And Dealbreaker subsequently published one report of an inspector general investigation into an SEC regional supervisor who viewed transvestite porn at work as stress relief .
Now we 've obtained reports of 16 investigations into porn-surfing by SEC employees and contractors ( one of them is a woman ! ) , including one man who said his daily porn viewing at work was limited to " no longer than an hour and a half a day . "
The man told investigators that his porn habit grew out of looking at photos of men in bathing suits , which is sometimes known as " gateway porn " :
It 's unclear from the investigation report precisely what the man did ( or does ) for the SEC , but it 's clear from the context of an interview transcript that he attended graduate school and works in a professional capacity .
Two video files found on his computer were referred to the FBI because investigators suspected that the men depicted having sex in them were underage :
Anyway , here 's the full list of sites referenced in all the investigations .
Enjoy !
UPDATE : While the Washington Times was the first place to obtain detailed investigation reports into the SEC porn issue last month , the good people at ProPublica noted the existence of the investigations last year .
This is a beta release of redsn0w for the iPhone3G and iPod Touch 2G at FW 4.1 or 4.0 .
It uses the same pwnage2 DFU - mode exploit that we ’ve been using since the 2.x days .
It does not include the SHAtter exploit developed by pod2g .
Nothing new is revealed to Apple with this jailbreak .
IF YOU USE THE ULTRASN0W UNLOCK , PLEASE WAIT FOR PWNAGETOOL TO SUPPORT 4.1 . DO NOT USE REDSN0W .
That ’s because to use redsn0w at 4.1 , you need to already have updated to official 4.1 from Apple .
If you do that , you lose the ultrasn0w unlock ( possibly forever ) .
The Windows version needs further testing , so for now this is available only for Mac OS X x86 .
The Windows version will come as soon as the bugs are ironed out .
Note : if you have an “ MC ” model of the ipt2g , your 4.1 jailbreak will be tethered … sorry !
( Consider rolling back to a FW supported by jailbreakme.com or spiritjb.com )
Hugely influential Gangstarr rap iconhas passed away , according to reports in the United States .
Formed in the mid 80s , Gangstarr 's output helped push hip hop out of the electro doldrums and towards something more flexible .
Introducing elements of funk , jazz and soul into their sound Guru 's liquid flow rode over the top .
The duo split a decade ago in fractious circumstances , with Guru going on to front Jazzmatazz .
Announcing that he was suffering from cancer last year , the rapper 's health has been the subject of much debate .
However new reports from the United States now suggest that Guru has passed away .
Website Yo !
Raps claims that Guru has died after a long battle with cancer .
Passing away in hospital , the rapper was reportedly surrounded by family and friends .
Sparring partner Solar has released a letter apparently written by Guru , which reveals that he took his split with DJ Premier to the end .
" I , Guru , am writing this letter to my fans , friends and loved ones around the world .
I have had a long battle with cancer and have succumbed to the disease .
I have suffered with this illness for over a year .
I have exhausted all medical options .
I have a non-profit organization called Each One Counts dedicated to carrying on my charitable work on behalf of abused and disadvantaged children from around the world and also to educate and research a cure for this terrible disease that took my life .
I write this with tears in my eyes , not of sorrow but of joy for what a wonderful life I have enjoyed and how many great people I have had the pleasure of meeting , " read the official Guru statement .
Continuing , the letter writes DJ Premier out of the Gangstarr legacy .
" I do not wish my ex-DJ to have anything to do with my name likeness , events tributes etc. connected in anyway to my situation including any use of my name or circumstance for any reason and I have instructed my lawyers to enforce this .
I had nothing to do with him in life for over 7 years and want nothing to do with him in death .
Solar has my life story and is well informed on my family situation , as well as the real reason for separating from my ex-DJ .
As the sole founder of GangStarr , I am very proud of what GangStarr has meant to the music world and fans .
" Read the entire statement HERE .
In the aftermath of the Copenhagen climate conference , those who defended the widely condemned outcome tended to talk about it as a " step in the right direction " .
This was always a tendentious argument , given that tackling climate change can not be addressed by half measures .
We can't make compromises with nature .
Bolivia , however , believed that Copenhagen marked a backwards step , undoing the work built on since the climate talks in Kyoto .
That is why , against strong pressure from industrialised countries , we and other developing nations refused to sign the Copenhagen accord and why we are hosting an international meeting on climate change next month .
In the words of the Tuvalu negotiator , we were not prepared to " betray our people for 30 pieces of silver " .
Our position was strongly criticised by several industrialised countries , who did their brazen best to blame the victims of climate change for their own unwillingness to act .
However , recent communications by the European Commission have confirmed why we were right to oppose the Copenhagen accord .
In a report called International climate policy post -Copenhagen ( pdf ) , the commission confirmed that the pledges by developed countries are equal to between 13.2 % and 17.8 % in emissions reductions by 2020 – far below the required 40 % - plus reductions needed to keep global temperature rise to less than 2C degrees .
The situation is even worse once you take into account what are called " banking of surplus emission budgets " and " accounting rules for land use , land use change and forestry " .
The Copenhagen accord would actually allow for an increase in developed country emissions of 2.6 % above 1990 levels .
This is hardly a forward step .
This is not just about gravely inadequate commitments , it is also about process .
Whereas before , under the Kyoto protocol , developed countries were legally bound to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by a certain percentage , now countries can submit whatever targets they want without a binding commitment .
This dangerous approach to climate negotiations is like building a dam where everyone contributes as many bricks as they want regardless of whether it stops the river .
The Copenhagen accord opens the dam and condemns millions .
Various estimates suggest that the commitments made under the accord would lead to increases of between three to four degrees celsius – a level that many scientists consider disastrous for human life and our ecosystems .
For Bolivia , the disastrous outcome of Copenhagen was further proof that climate change is not the central issue in negotiations .
For rich countries , the key issues in negotiations were finance , carbon markets , competitiveness of countries and corporations , business opportunities along with discussions about the political makeup of the US Senate .
There was surprisingly little focus on effective solutions for reducing carbon emissions .
President Evo Morales of Bolivia observed that the best way to put climate change solutions at the heart of the talks was to involve the people .
In contrast to much of the official talks , the hundreds of civil society organisations , communities , scientists and faith leaders present in Copenhagen clearly prioritised the search for effective , just solutions to climate change against narrow economic interests .
To advance an agenda based on effective just solutions , Bolivia is therefore hosting a Peoples ' Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth on 19 - 22 April , and inviting everyone to participate .
Unlike Copenhagen , there will be no secret discussions behind closed doors .
Moreover the debate and proposals will be led by communities on the frontlines of climate change and by organisations and individuals dedicated to tackling the climate crisis .
All 192 governments in the UN have also been invited to attend and encouraged to listen to the voices of civil society and together develop common proposals .
We hope that this unique format will help shift power back to the people , which is where it needs to be on this critical issue for all humanity .
We do n't expect agreement on everything , but at least we can start to discuss openly and sincerely in a way that did n't happen in Copenhagen .
• Pablo Solón is Ambassador to the UN for the Plurinational State of Bolivia .
He is a sociologist and economist , was active in Bolivia 's social movements before entering government , and is an expert on issues of trade , integration , natural resources and water .
The clean - up on the world 's tallest peak is the first of its kind at such an altitude
By Joanna Jolly
BBC News , Kathmandu
A team of 20 Nepalese Sherpas is planning to clean up rubbish and bring the bodies of dead climbers down from the top of Mount Everest .
The Sherpas will work above 8,000 m ( 26,240ft ) - in what 's known as the " Death Zone " because of the thin air and treacherous conditions .
They expect to bring back the bodies of at least two climbers , including American Scott Fischer , who died in 1996 , and Swiss mountaineer Gianni Goltz , who died in 2008 .
The expedition will set off from the Nepalese capital , Kathmandu , this weekend and reach the Everest 's South Col , just below 8,000 m , by 1 May .
After setting up camp on the South Col , the team will climb to the summit of Everest and start working their way down , picking up rubbish as they go .
Seven - times Everest climber Namgyal Sherpa is running the expedition .
He says this is the first time anyone has cleaned up rubbish at this altitude , but that it is important to do so to preserve the environment and make the mountain safe .
" I 'm a climber and I can say frankly that I 'm a little bit angry when I climb Mount Everest because of the rubbish , " he says .
Avalanches
Because of the lack of oxygen , freezing temperatures and punishing conditions , the Sherpas say they will not be able to carry more than 20kg per person and that they will spend no longer than 12 hours above 8,000 m in one go .
They will stay on the South Col for a week , making several trips into the death zone , before returning to base camp , resting , and then repeating the operation twice more .
Namgyal Sherpa says the task will be dangerous , but that his team is experienced enough to cope .
Expedition leader Namgyal Sherpa says Everest should not be polluted " We need to focus on avalanches and the different crevices .
If you have the technique and if you have proper experience , it 's not so dangerous , " he says .
The team expects to remove 3,000kg of old tents , ropes , oxygen cylinders , food packaging and camping stoves from the mountain .
They will also bring back the bodies of climbers who have perished while attempting to climb Everest .
" I have seen three dead bodies laying on the trail .
But we know that there is another dead body also which we heard about a long time ago , " says Namgyal .
The team plans to bring down the body of Swiss climber Gianni Goltz to base camp , where they have been given permission by Goltz 's family to cremate it .
" We have a special stretcher to bring the bodies down .
We can put the dead body on a stretcher and then drag it slowly to base camp , " says Namgyal .
' Holy mountain '
They expect to bring down the body of American mountain guide and climber Scott Fischer .
Fischer died on Everest in 1996 - the mountain 's worst - ever climbing season .
Fifteen climbers died that year , eight of them in one day .
Journalist Jon Krakauer later published the story of the tragedy in the book Into Thin Air .
The team says they may find the body of well - known climber Rob Hall
The team also suspect they will find the body of New Zealand climber Rob Hall , who also died in 1996 .
Namgyal says some families have expressed the desire to leave the bodies on Mount Everest , as they feel this is what the climbers would have wanted .
However , the expedition project co-ordinator , Chakra Karki , says that Nepalese people do not want the mountain to become a graveyard .
" We respect the sentiments of the family of anyone who has died on Everest , " he said .
" But it is a holy mountain and our government policy is clear - there should be no dead bodies on the mountain .
" All dead bodies should be brought below base camp and either buried or cremated .
They should n't pollute the mountain glaciers . "
New standard
As well as bringing down bodies , the team will concentrate on removing old ropes from expeditions as long ago as 1953 .
These are still attached to the mountain and cause confusion for climbers who do not know whether they are secure or not .
" Those ropes are all the same and look brand new , but people misunderstand which ropes are new and which are the old ropes , " says Namgyal .
" If they attached themselves to an old rope , they 'll have an accident . "
Namgyal says he hopes this expedition will set the standard for future clean - up operations .
" Whoever is climbing in the world , any mountain , I want to say please keep it clean , " he says .
" Any mountain is a source of water .
People should keep the mountains clean .
And they need to support anyone who is cleaning the mountain . "
The Nepalese government has now imposed strict rules on climbers , requiring them to return all their rubbish or risk losing a $ 4,000 ( £ 2,600 ) deposit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jason Leopold , deputy managing editor at Truthout , reports on the U.S. investigation of the kidnapped , rendition and extensive torture of Abu Zubaydeh .
He was regarded as a “ high - value detainee ” of the Bush Administration — a claim which has since been recanted by the government , after submitting him to secret prisons around the world and numerous application of torture as a ‘ guinea pig in an experiment ’ , a former N.S.C. official said .
by Jason Leopold
17 Apr 2010 | Truthout
The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence has launched an investigation into Abu Zubaydah , the “ high - value ” detainee captured in March 2002 that the Bush administration wrongly claimed was one of the planners of 9/11 and a top al - Qaeda operative , according to several Capitol Hill sources .
The investigation of Zubaydah , who was tortured at a secret black site prison in Thailand , will be conducted alongside the committee ’s ongoing probe of the Bush administration ’s interrogation and detention policies .
Zubdaydah has been detained at Guantanamo since 2006 .
The panel will scrutinize thousands of pages of highly classified documents related to Zubaydah ’s detention and torture to determine , among other things , whether the “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” he was subjected to was accurately reflected in C.I.A. cable traffic sent back to Langley , whether he ever provided actionable intelligence to his torturers , and how the C.I.A. and other government agencies came to rely on flawed intelligence that led the Bush administration to classify him as the No. 3 person in al - Qaeda and its first high - value detainee , Hill sources said .
As previously reported by Truthout , in his habeas corpus case , the Justice Department does not rely upon any statements Zubaydah made to his torturers after he was captured in Pakistan in March 2002 nor does the agency cite Bush - era claims about Zubaydah to justify why he should continue to be detained .
Zubaydah ’s attorney , Brent Mickum , said in an interview that he briefed the Intelligence Committee last year about his client .
“ It was a very partisan group , ” Mickum said about the briefing .
“ Republicans had their agenda and they were not very interested in hearing the facts of the case .
I told them what my views were on the case .
I ’m delighted [ the committee ] has decided to take a hard look at the case now . ”
The committee also intends to probe the torture and detention policies of other high - value detainees .
The Hill sources said they did not know the identity of those detainees .
The committee is expected to finish its investigation later this summer and may issue a declassified report on its findings .
Second Taping System
Meanwhile , highly placed intelligence sources directly knowledgeable about Zubaydah ’s torture said some of the interrogation sessions captured on at least 90 videotapes between April and August 2002 showed Zubaydah being subjected to torture methods not approved by the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel ( O.L.C . ) .
Specifically , these sources said , Zubaydah was subjected to repeated sessions of “ water dousing , ” a method that at the time interrogators used it on Zubaydah was described as spraying him with extremely cold water from a hose while he was naked and shackled by chains attached to a ceiling in the cell he was kept in at the black site prison .
The sources requested anonymity in order to discuss issues related to Zubaydah ’s torture that remain classified .
The O.L.C. did not approve the use of water dousing as an interrogation technique until August 2004 .
Use of the method is believed to have played a part in the November 2002 death of Gul Rahman , a detainee who was held at an Afghanistan prison known as The Salt Pit and died of hypothermia hours after being doused with water and left in a cold prison cell .
Other videotapes showed Zubaydah being subjected to extended hours of sleep deprivation before the interrogation method was approved by O.L.C. , which one current and three former C.I.A. officials said was part of a larger experiment to determine how long a detainee could endure the technique .
In a blog post Friday , Marcy Wheeler reported that newly released documents [ . pdf ] related to the destruction of the torture tapes “ provides more background on how Abu Zubaydah got subjected to extended sleep deprivation long before it was approved . ”
“ After consulting with the N.S.C. [ National Security Council ] and D.O.J. [ Department of Justice ] , [ the counterterrorism center ] [ redacted ] originally approved 24 - 48 hours of sleep deprivation , ” according to a passage in the documents Wheeler highlighted .
The documents were turned over to the A.C.L.U. in response to a Freedom of Information Act request
“ In April 2002 [ the counterterrorism center ] [ redacted ] learned that due to a misunderstanding , that time frame had been exceeded …
However , [ the counterterrorism center ] [ redacted ] advised that since the process did not have adverse medical effects or result in hallucinations ( thereby disrupting profoundly Abu Zubaydah ’s senses or personality ) it was within legal parameters . ”
As Truthout previously reported , intelligence sources said Zubaydah was sleep deprived for more than two weeks .
Contractors hired by the C.I.A. studied how he responded psychologically and physically to being kept awake for that amount of time .
By looking at videotapes , they concluded that after the 11th consecutive day of being kept awake Zubaydah started to “ severely break down . ”
So , the August 2002 torture memo concluded that 11 days of sleep deprivation was legal and did not meet the definition of torture .
The videotapes of Zubaydah ’s interrogation sessions were destroyed against the advice of Bush administration and senior C.I.A. officials , according to the documents , and are now the subject of a criminal inquiry lead by Special Prosecutor John Durham .
But five intelligence sources said in interviews conducted over the past month that they were aware of a second taping system that was set up at the black site prison in Thailand — possibly one they said that was installed by an outside contractor — which captured Zubaydah ’s torture sessions that were stored on computers and separate hard drives .
These sources noted that a similar taping system was also set up at other black site prison facilities and at a secret site at Guantanamo about a year later where interrogations of other high - value prisoners were also recorded .
A C.I.A. spokesman did not return calls for comment about the veracity of the claims that another taping system existed at the time Zubaydah was tortured .
However , the documents released by the C.I.A .
Friday , requested “ instructions ” from agency officials about the “ disposition of hard drives and magnetic media ” related to the torture sessions .
It was through this second taping system , the intelligence sources allege , that C.I.A. interrogators collected “ data ” about Zubaydah , specifically , how much mental and physical pain he could endure after each torture session he was subjected to that took place prior to the issuance of O.L.C. legal memos in August 2002 .
The data collected from Zubaydah ’s torture and the torture of other high - value detainees , these sources asserted , was used to not only assist O.L.C. attorneys John Yoo and Jay Bybee write an August 2002 torture memo , but was also used by former O.L.C. head Steven Bradbury to assist him in writing a separate 2005 “ combined techniques ” torture memo .
A former National Security official previously told Truthout that Zubaydah “ was an experiment .
A guinea pig . ”
On Friday , the former official said it became clear to some of the interrogators in Thailand that by June 2002 , Zubaydah was not the high - value detainee the Bush administration held him out to be .
C.I.A. contractors , however , pressed officials at the agency ’s headquarters in Langley to allow them to continue subjecting Zubaydah to torture , the former N.S.C. official claimed , because of the valuable information contractors had gained about specific interrogation techniques .
Jason Leopold is the Deputy Managing Editor at Truthout .
He is the author of the Los Angeles Times bestseller , News Junkie , a memoir .
Visit newsjunkiebook.com for a preview .
In a move that , as far as we know , is a cable news first , Keith Olbermann refused to bleep out Senator Carl Levin ’s and Claire McCaskill ’s references to what a Goldman Sachs executive called a “ sh* tty deal ” during today ’s Senate hearings investigating whether the Wall Street giant was knowingly betting against their clients to make money .
It appears that Olbermann and his team felt that editing the hearing such that the offensive words were removed would weaken the compelling point that Goldman employees were betting against the market in a way that would profit the company while the rest of the American economy sank .
Olbermann did not make a big deal out of the fact that he refused to censor the senators , although it is , at the very least , extremely rare for a program running at 8 pm– the peak of primetime and what is widely considered “ family hour ” – to willingly air crude language .
Olbermann did warn his audience , twice , that “ there is a commonplace but offensive word .
It is being quoted from a Goldman Sachs internal email .
It is repeated several times within this portion of the hearing .
We are not bleeping it out . ”
Watch the clip below , but be warned : it does included some crude language , and we did n’t bleep it out , either :
And , for contrast , here is CNN ’s coverage of the hearings ( via John King , USA ) , where the offensive words were modestly bleeped away :
Update :
And here ’s Hannity ’s family - friendly take on the hearings :
Update 2 : Even Daily Show ’s Jon Stewart decided to bleep :
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Posted Tue Aug 31 18:52:51 PDT 1999 by Lindlae Parish ( domilinde@netscape.net ) .home school now. , Edgewater USMaterials Required : Copies of the play , chalk board or overhead , pens & paperActivity Time : about 45 - 55 min for 5 days .
A main questions raised by students usually is " Why did he take away all the scenery ? "
In Wilder 's time , the stage was usually so full of scenery , there was hardly room for the actors .
It became more important to have " things " there than the story and the words .
By stripping away all the extras , and focusing on essentials , Wilder is able to show and teach with his piece , rather than put on a spectical of scenery .
He felt the words were the power of the piece , not the decorations .
" Our Town " is all about what is most important in life , the little things in life .
Some questions for discussion of Act I of " Our Town "
1 . Is the Stage Manager like the other characters in the play ?
How is he different ?
What is his function ?
2 . What is Grover 's Corners like ?
What seems to be the attitude of its residents ?
( refer to Polish Town & Canuck families )
3 . How does the stage manager manipulate our sense of time ?
How does he introduce the past and refer to the future ?
4 . When the Stage Manager says , " In our town , we like to know the facts about everyobody ... " what is he saying about the town ?
Is this bad or normal for such a small town ?
5 . What is the children 's relationship to the adults ?
When Joe Crowell , Jr. and Dr. Gibbs talk , how does Joe speak to him ?
6. Examine the character of Emily .
She tells her mother , " I 'm the birghtest girl in school for my age ... "
What is her tone here ?
Is she bragging ?
7 . What are the roles of the mothers as they see themselves ?
How was life in those days similar to now ?
How is it different ?
8 . Introduce the vocabulary , ( below ) & show a layout of a stage with the sections marked on it , stage right , left , etc. Discuss what " exposition " is and who is responsible for a lot of it in Act I ?
Vocabulary : proscenium , hollyhocks , heliotrope , burdock , phosphate , basalt , savant , pince - nez , vestiges , Devonian , Mesozoic , shale , outcropping .
After reading
Act I , the following quiz may be given .
I 've typed it out with the answers there :
1 . Who sets the stage for the play ?
~ Stage Manager
2 . How are props handled ?
~ pantomimed
3 . What is the play 's setting ?
Include date as accurately as possible , place , etc. ~ Grovers Corners , 1901 , New Hampshire , May
4 . Who besides the Stage Manager , gives important background to the town ? ~ Mr. Webb or Prof. Willard
5 . What two young people are the main characters ?
( first and last names 5 pnts each ) ~ George Gibbs , Emily Webb
6 . What is the gossip about Simon Stimson ? ~
He 's a drunk
7 . What does Mr. Webb do for a living ?
~ Editor of the paper ( Sentinel )
8. Who is Wally ? ~ Emily 's brother
9 . Who is Rebecca ? ~ George 's sister
10 . Who is Joe Crowell , Jr.? ~ paper boy
Bonus : Name the Milkman ~ Howie Newson
Act II ( some of the questions reflect Act I as review )
1 . What is Prof. Willard 's description of Grover 's Corners ?
Why is it important ?
Is it important ?
2 . What sorts of things does Mr. Webb tell us about the people of Grover 's Corners ?
3 . What is Emily 's attitude towards school ?
How is this different from George's ?
4 . How many years have elapsed since the first act ? ( 3 )
5 . Why is the name of the act so important ?
What was the name of Act I ? discuss importance and speculate what the third act will be called .
6 . What are the varying attitudes toward marriage here ?
Look at Joe Crowell , Si Crowell , George 's and Emily 's parents , etc. Look especially at Mrs. Gibb 's comment about the over shoes .
7 . There is a flashback in this play .
It shows how George and Emily fell in love .
Why is this important ?
Why was it shown in this way and not as it happened ?
8. ( may be used as a short essay ) Explain : " The real hero of this scene is n't on the stage at all , and you know who he is .
It 's like what one of those European fellas said : every child born into the world is nature 's attempt to make a perfect human being .
Well , we 've seen nature pushing and contriving for some time now .
We all know that nature 's interested in quantity ; but I think she 's interested in quality too ... "
Vocabulary : gangling , pantomimes , alacrity , affronted , unobtrusively .
After reading Act II , the following Quiz can be given .
1 . What is the title of Act II ? ~ Love and Marriage
2 . How many years have passed since Act I took place ?
~ 3 yrs
3 . Why is this an important day for the Webbs and Gibbses ?
~ Wedding of George and Emily
4 . Where are George and Emily when they discover their love for each other ?
~ Soda fountain
5 . What part does the Stage Manager portray at the wedding ?
~ the minister
6 . How does George feel just before the wedding ?
~ scared
7 . What does Emily say to her father just before the wedding ?
~ she feels alone , not sure she loves him wishes she were dead .
8 . What was the title of Act I ? ( it states it in Act II ) ~ Daily LIfe
9 . How do George 's parents initially feel about his decision to marry Emily ?
~ worried they are too young .
10 What is his mother 's main worry ?
~ he wo n't wear his boots or a warm coat .
Bonus :
What 's the weather like the day the act opens ?
~ Stormy
Act III Discussion :
Reviewing Act II a bit .
1 . What is the reason for George and Emily 's apprehension over the wedding ?
2 . Is the ending of Act II simply platitudes about Love or is Wilder saying something more ?
3 . How is the tone of Act III different from the first 2 acts ?
Especially contrasting with Act II ending .
4 . What is the Stage Manager 's explanation for death and its effects ?
What has this to do with the play ?
5 . What does Emily mean when she says , " Live people do n't understand , do they ? "
6. Emily wants to go back for a day .
Why does Mrs. Gibbs urge her not to ?
Why does she urger her to pick an " unimportant day " ?
7. Explain :
Do any human beings ever realize life while they live it ?
Every , every minute ? "
8 . What are the differing views on life given her by the dead ?
9. Discuss the Stage Manager 's final speech .
How does the speech take us back to our own time and lives ?
10 .
What is the play 's theme ?
A Quiz which can be given after reading Act III
1 . How many years have passed since Act II ? ~ 9
2 . Where is Act III set ?
~ grave yard
3 . Who has died recently ?
~ Emily
4 . How did this person die ? ~
In child birth
5 . Who is Joe Stoddard ?
~ undertaker
6. Name TWO of the dead : Mrs. Soames , Mrs. Gibbs , Simon Stimson , Wally
7 . What does the newly dead person ( # 3 ) wish to do that arouses comment from the others ?
~ go back to a point in life .
8 . What day is chosen ?
~ her 12th birthday
9 . Is the day successful and staisfying to this person ?
~ No
10 .
What final comment about the living does this person make ? ~
" They do n't understand much , do they ? "
Bonus : using answer to # 6 , choose one & giver his / her name and tell how he / she died .
( Hope this helps )
( UPDATE : THE TEA PARTY AND RACISM ?
YOU DECIDE … an unsettling video of tea party members talking about race )
Let ’s play a game , shall we ?
The name of the game is called “ Imagine . ”
The way it ’s played is simple : we ’ll envision recent happenings in the news , but then change them up a bit .
Instead of envisioning white people as the main actors in the scenes we ’ll conjure – the ones who are driving the action – we ’ll envision black folks or other people of color instead .
The object of the game is to imagine the public reaction to the events or incidents , if the main actors were of color , rather than white .
Whoever gains the most insight into the workings of race in America , at the end of the game , wins .
So let ’s begin .
Imagine that hundreds of black protesters were to descend upon Washington DC and Northern Virginia , just a few miles from the Capitol and White House , armed with AK - 47s , assorted handguns , and ammunition .
And imagine that some of these protesters — the black protesters — spoke of the need for political revolution , and possibly even armed conflict in the event that laws they did n’t like were enforced by the government ?
Would these protester — these black protesters with guns — be seen as brave defenders of the Second Amendment , or would they be viewed by most whites as a danger to the republic ?
What if they were Arab - Americans ?
Because , after all , that ’s what happened recently when white gun enthusiasts descended upon the nation ’s capital , arms in hand , and verbally announced their readiness to make war on the country ’s political leaders if the need arose .
Imagine that white members of Congress , while walking to work , were surrounded by thousands of angry black people , one of whom proceeded to spit on one of those congressmen for not voting the way the black demonstrators desired .
Would the protesters be seen as merely patriotic Americans voicing their opinions , or as an angry , potentially violent , and even insurrectionary mob ?
After all , this is what white Tea Party protesters did recently in Washington .
Imagine that a rap artist were to say , in reference to a white president : “ He ’s a piece of shit and I told him to suck on my machine gun . ”
Because that ’s what rocker Ted Nugent said recently about President Obama .
Imagine that a prominent mainstream black political commentator had long employed an overt bigot as Executive Director of his organization , and that this bigot regularly participated in black separatist conferences , and once assaulted a white person while calling them by a racial slur .
When that prominent black commentator and his sister — who also works for the organization — defended the bigot as a good guy who was misunderstood and “ going through a tough time in his life ” would anyone accept their excuse - making ?
Would that commentator still have a place on a mainstream network ?
Because that ’s what happened in the real world , when Pat Buchanan employed as Executive Director of his group , America ’s Cause , a blatant racist who did all these things , or at least their white equivalents : attending white separatist conferences and attacking a black woman while calling her the n-word .
Imagine that a black radio host were to suggest that the only way to get promoted in the administration of a white president is by “ hating black people , ” or that a prominent white person had only endorsed a white presidential candidate as an act of racial bonding , or blamed a white president for a fight on a school bus in which a black kid was jumped by two white kids , or said that he would n’t want to kill all conservatives , but rather , would like to leave just enough — “ living fossils ” as he called them — “ so we will never forget what these people stood for . ”
After all , these are things that Rush Limbaugh has said , about Barack Obama ’s administration , Colin Powell ’s endorsement of Barack Obama , a fight on a school bus in Belleville , Illinois in which two black kids beat up a white kid , and about liberals , generally .
Imagine that a black pastor , formerly a member of the U.S. military , were to declare , as part of his opposition to a white president ’s policies , that he was ready to “ suit up , get my gun , go to Washington , and do what they trained me to do . ”
This is , after all , what Pastor Stan Craig said recently at a Tea Party rally in Greenville , South Carolina .
Imagine a black radio talk show host gleefully predicting a revolution by people of color if the government continues to be dominated by the rich white men who have been “ destroying ” the country , or if said radio personality were to call Christians or Jews non-humans , or say that when it came to conservatives , the best solution would be to “ hang ‘em high . ”
And what would happen to any congressional representative who praised that commentator for “ speaking common sense ” and likened his hate talk to “ American values ? ”
After all , those are among the things said by radio host and best - selling author Michael Savage , predicting white revolution in the face of multiculturalism , or said by Savage about Muslims and liberals , respectively .
And it was Congressman Culbertson , from Texas , who praised Savage in that way , despite his hateful rhetoric .
Imagine a black political commentator suggesting that the only thing the guy who flew his plane into the Austin , Texas IRS building did wrong was not blowing up Fox News instead .
This is , after all , what Anne Coulter said about Tim McVeigh , when she noted that his only mistake was not blowing up the New York Times .
Imagine that a popular black liberal website posted comments about the daughter of a white president , calling her “ typical redneck trash , ” or a “ whore ” whose mother entertains her by “ making monkey sounds . ”
After all that ’s comparable to what conservatives posted about Malia Obama on freerepublic.com last year , when they referred to her as “ ghetto trash . ”
Imagine that black protesters at a large political rally were walking around with signs calling for the lynching of their congressional enemies .
Because that ’s what white conservatives did last year , in reference to Democratic party leaders in Congress .
In other words , imagine that even one - third of the anger and vitriol currently being hurled at President Obama , by folks who are almost exclusively white , were being aimed , instead , at a white president , by people of color .
How many whites viewing the anger , the hatred , the contempt for that white president would then wax eloquent about free speech , and the glories of democracy ?
And how many would be calling for further crackdowns on thuggish behavior , and investigations into the radical agendas of those same people of color ?
To ask any of these questions is to answer them .
Protest is only seen as fundamentally American when those who have long had the luxury of seeing themselves as prototypically American engage in it .
When the dangerous and dark “ other ” does so , however , it is n’t viewed as normal or natural , let alone patriotic .
Which is why Rush Limbaugh could say , this past week , that the Tea Parties are the first time since the Civil War that ordinary , common Americans stood up for their rights : a statement that erases the normalcy and “ American - ness ” of blacks in the civil rights struggle , not to mention women in the fight for suffrage and equality , working people in the fight for better working conditions , and LGBT folks as they struggle to be treated as full and equal human beings .
And this , my friends , is what white privilege is all about .
The ability to threaten others , to engage in violent and incendiary rhetoric without consequence , to be viewed as patriotic and normal no matter what you do , and never to be feared and despised as people of color would be , if they tried to get away with half the shit we do , on a daily basis .
Tim Wise is among the most prominent anti-racist writers and activists in the U.S.
Wise has spoken in 48 states , on over 400 college campuses , and to community groups around the nation .
Wise has provided anti-racism training to teachers nationwide , and has trained physicians and medical industry professionals on how to combat racial inequities in health care .
His latest book is called Between Barack and a Hard Place .
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) -- Iran said Sunday it fired five new types of locally - made coast - to - sea and sea - to - sea missiles in the last stage of its " Great Prophet 5 " military maneuvers in the Persian Gulf .
The missiles were fired simultaneously and struck a single target at the same time -- a feat the Revolutionary Guard Corps described to the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting as " very important . "
The military exercises on Sunday also included high - speed boats waging a " war " against a warship .
The maneuvers fell on the 31st anniversary of the elite force and were designed to demonstrate new weapons systems .
Iran begins war games
Brig .
Gen. Hossein Salami , deputy chief of the Revolutionary Guard told Iranian media that the exercises were aimed at demonstrating Iran's " strength , will and national resolve to defend independence and territorial integrity . "
The U.S. military official noted there have been several Iranian exercises in the past , but this one received attention because the Revolutionary Guard Corps discussed it publicly in advance .
The U.S. Navy currently is operating several warships in the region , and commanders are often reminded not to let any encounters with Iranians inadvertently escalate .
Iran 's missile development is being watched closely by the United States , which is pressing for tougher sanctions against the Islamic republic for its controversial nuclear program .
Wireshark - announce : [ Wireshark - announce ] Wireshark 1.2.7 is now available
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 I 'm proud to announce the release of Wireshark 1.2.7 .
What is Wireshark ?
Wireshark is the world 's most popular network protocol analyzer .
It is used for troubleshooting , analysis , development , and education .
What 's New Bug Fixes
The following bugs have been fixed : o SNMPv3 Engine ID registration .
( Bug 2426 ) o Open file dialog always displayed when clicking anywhere on Wireshark .
( Bug 2478 ) o tshark reports wrong number of bytes on big dumpfiles with - z io , stat .
( Bug 3205 ) o Negative INTEGER number displayed as positive number in SNMP dissector .
( Bug 3230 ) o Add support for FT_BOOLEAN fields to wslua FieldInfo .
( Bug 4049 ) o Wireshark crashes w/ GLib error when trying to play RTP stream .
( Bug 4119 ) o Windows 2000 support has been restored .
( Bug 4176 ) o Wrong dissection on be_cell_id_list for bssmap .
( Bug 4437 ) o I/ O Graph dropdown boxes not working correctly .
( Bug 4487 ) o Runtime Error when right - clicking field and selecting " Filter Field Reference " .
( Bug 4522 ) o In GSM SMS PDU TPVPF showing wrong .
( Bug 4524 ) o Profinet : May be wrong defined byte meaning .
( Bug 4525 ) o GLib- CRITICAL ** Message . ( Bug 4547 ) o Certain EDP display filters trigger Wireshark / tshark runtime error .
( Bug 4563 ) o Some NCP frames trigger " Dissector bug , protocol NCP " .
( Bug 4565 ) o The encapsulation abbreviation " bluetooth - h4 " is ambiguous .
( Bug 4613 ) New and Updated Features
There are no new features in this release .
New Protocol Support
There are no new protocols in this release .
Updated Protocol Support BSSMAP , DMP , GSM SMS , LDSS , NCP , PN / IO , PPP , SIP , SNMP Updated Capture File Support
There are no updated capture file formats in this release .
Getting Wireshark Wireshark source code and installation packages are available from http://www.wireshark.org/download.html.
Vendor - supplied Packages Most Linux and Unix vendors supply their own Wireshark packages .
You can usually install or upgrade Wireshark using the package management system specific to that platform .
A list of third - party packages can be found on the download page on the Wireshark web site .
File Locations Wireshark and TShark look in several different locations for preference files , plugins , SNMP MIBS , and RADIUS dictionaries .
These locations vary from platform to platform .
You can use About -> Folders to find the default locations on your system .
Known Problems Wireshark may appear offscreen on multi-monitor Windows systems .
( Bug 553 ) Wireshark might make your system disassociate from a wireless network on OS X. ( Bug 1315 ) Dumpcap might not quit if Wireshark or TShark crashes .
( Bug 1419 ) The BER dissector might infinitely loop .
( Bug 1516 ) Capture filters are n't applied when capturing from named pipes .
( Bug 1814 ) Wireshark might freeze when reading from a pipe .
( Bug 2082 ) Filtering tshark captures with display filters ( - R ) no longer works .
( Bug 2234 ) The 64 - bit Windows installer does not ship with the same libraries as the 32 - bit installer .
( Bug 3610 ) Getting Help Community support is available on the wireshark - users mailing list .
Subscription information and archives for all of Wireshark 's mailing lists can be found on the web site .
Commercial support , training , and development services are available from CACE Technologies .
Frequently Asked Questions
A complete FAQ is available on the Wireshark web site .
Digests wireshark - 1.2.7.tar.bz2 : 15368816 bytes MD5 ( wireshark-1.2.7.tar.bz2) =cff6b18aa47a7e3eb973efe62c676b50 SHA1( wireshark-1.2.7.tar.bz2)
=e6f5d973886c7fc527c151811396286e361f8963 RIPEMD160( wireshark-1.2.7.tar.bz2)=32687d76e9e82e0b4c08a7856b49 faaed5d406a2 wireshark-1.2.7.tar.gz : 19417531 bytes MD5 ( wireshark-1.2.7.tar.gz )
=19e358386f7a07d0d225895588b6da6d SHA1 ( wireshark-1.2.7.tar.gz)
=068e27540f56f4dec384422fb6258909b0426d6e RIPEMD160 ( wireshark-1.2.7.tar.gz)=44f1eb9ba209a83592ac636f7c1d97003a51ca5c wireshark-win32-1.2.7.exe : 18108778 bytes MD5 ( wireshark -win32-1.2.7.exe ) =8f9aa29313784aff699d3c1f5319cba1 SHA1( wireshark-win32-1.2.7.exe ) =8006085bb298be95251adf83cd20243e1b648f33 RIPEMD160(wireshark-win32-1.2.7.exe ) =1095454cc1abeccc55f4b5356046f42297f98819 wireshark-win64-1.2.7.exe : 20388222 bytes MD5 ( wireshark-win64-1.2.7.exe ) =0918aadd72854e5b69549cf89e9a0517 SHA1( wireshark-win64-1.2.7.exe ) =50c62c4cdefcfe6a781f7ee4a452523cc700c92c RIPEMD160(wireshark-win64-1.2.7.exe )
=11f723b22ad64fa336eed3285bd87550ab20d908 wireshark-1.2.7.u3p : 21129161 bytes MD5 ( wireshark -1.2.7.u3p) =cae615ee4fb7199f828ed5719496cd65 SHA1( wireshark-1.2.7.u3p) =af6280d4859673cfc844b4b3501130302e0aad21 RIPEMD160(wireshark-1.2.7.u3p) =5c613e72c8a19ac764b244059ff0c49e0e96e124 WiresharkPortable-1.2.7.paf.exe : 18757166 bytes MD5 ( WiresharkPortable -1.2.7.paf.exe ) =a6c2a4dd0122343e2 ff748fe0f1075ce SHA1 ( WiresharkPortable -1.2.7.paf.exe ) =80778de2dfb93fa3792277b6efaaa121ab38ca72 RIPEMD160 ( WiresharkPortable-1.2.7.paf.exe ) =0ab3206aee7877ad6d895ccf803 ff6584c61a8 aa Wireshark 1.2.7 Intel.dmg : 42462799 bytes MD5 ( Wireshark 1.2.7 Intel.dmg)
=2236f11e826d732a483e8c9c13326ec9 SHA1 ( Wireshark 1.2.7 Intel.dmg) =8c35b092732a45e6ddba944cf95dd94d6c6fe4a7 RIPEMD160 ( Wireshark 1.2.7 Intel.dmg)=2265a96098bef0337f209ca7da8ef3fd91f2db74 Wireshark 1.2.7 PPC.dmg : 44625566 bytes MD5 ( Wireshark 1.2.7 PPC.dmg)=bdac1daa48900914c11af3b4186aa03 b SHA1 ( Wireshark 1.2.7 PPC.dmg) =25cef9c2757e1733e6c6ff797cc7b9f6056c5125 RIPEMD160
( Wireshark 1.2.7 PPC.dmg) =b494135413dc1fbf9405fef2d757547a4af23158 patch-wireshark-1.2.6-to-1.2.7.diff.bz2 : 89437 bytes MD5 ( patch - wireshark -1.2.6-to-1.2.7.diff.bz2)=42f1d230e1f02821a4384d8efd67643a SHA1 ( patch - wireshark-1.2.6-to-1.2.7.diff.bz2)=31a165627ecd538ceefc25c91a454dd12e9d66fd RIPEMD160 ( patch-wireshark-1.2.6-to-1.2.7.diff.bz2)=3bb26623ed056d84a8c0d8931e586be66248b23a -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( Darwin ) Comment : Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org/
iEYEARECAAYFAkuz3hkACgkQpw8IXSHylJpl7ACfUzdq2x+2CgBweDGJ6MD6jLub CakAnAjMitpvortUN7wBW0/lnoPDqadk =+9xh -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
Dr. Dre and the Boston Red Sox have combined forces to produce a branded Red Sox version of those notoriously expensive Beats headphones , just in time for Opening Day .
The result of this union , predictably , is also expensive .
Advertisement
With an asking price of $ 400 , the cans are about $ 100 more than a " normal " set of Beats , but slightly less expensive than what a family of four can expect to spend at Fenway for a ballgame .
Unfortunately , it appears the extra $ 100 is all about the logo and little else .
As a Boston - area resident who 's followed the team for 20 years or so , I can say the target market will probably buy them anyway .
[ Blast ]
It ’s never a good experience to expect to see a webpage and to get a 404 error , most of us will just hit the back button on the browser when experiencing such a thing .
Since errors will happen no matter how good your website is , it ’s a good idea to improve your 404 page to make it as useful as possible , the main challenge being to keep those visitors on your site .
What should your 404 page be ?
Your 404 page should be branded
Do n’t let your visitors in the wild , let them know that they are on your website by inputing some of the visual elements that make your website recognizable .
Your 404 page should be informative
When arriving on the page , the reader should know that he did n’t reach the page he was expecting right away .
Inform him of what happened .
Your 404 page should be useful
If your viewers happen to reach a 404 page , it would be good to guide them through your site to let them find what they want .
To achieve this , you can add some useful links and a search box , some will add links to popular posts or promotions .
Your 404 page should be tracked
Why do n’t you add a tracker to your 404 page to know what happened , what people who stumbled on that page where looking for or where they were coming from ?
Showcase of cool 404 pages
1. Blizzard
Probably the best 404 page I ’ve ever seen , the visuals are great and just adapted for the kind of visitors Blizzard gets to its website .
2. GitHub
Simple , elegant and useful , the kind of 404 page we ’d like to see more often .
3. CSS Tricks
Chris Coyer likes to reveal useful code on his website , he even shows you the source on the 404 page .
4. Dawdle.com
When you own a gaming website , is there any better way than this to appeal to your lost visitors ?
5. 404 party
Beware : loud sound and nuts stuff on this one .
Obviously not chosen for its visuals , but I had to admit that I laughed my ass off .
6. Springload
Cute and refreshing illustration , makes you a feel a little better about the missed page .
7. Scratchy cat 404
Either this is really cool , either it ’s getting late and I ’m too tired .
( wait a bit before it starts )
8. iStockPhoto
Nice vector illustration by iStockPhoto for their error page .
9. 8 bit People
Much cooler than Twitter birds , two 8 bits birds not taking errors too seriously .
I mention this one for the originality , but I would n’t recommend doing the same .
First , the sound is annoying , second it ’s in Flash and not very usable …
A funny picture , keeps the navigation so you are not totally lost .
12 . Robert Anton Wilson
One of the rare cases where the 404 page looks much better than the rest of the site .
Probably the deadliest 404 page out there .
Some humour and a useful page with links to the main sections as well as a site search .
15 . Grooveshark
Grooveshard shows a sense of humor , interesting insertion of Twitter updates .
AMES , Iowa , March 11 ( UPI ) --
An Iowa man allegedly broke into a church and used electronic equipment belonging to the facility to watch pornographic films in the basement , police said .
Ames , Iowa , police said Charles Bentley , 55 , was arrested Friday morning after employees of the Ames Community Preschool showed up for work at the First Christian Church and called 911 to report items missing and sounds coming from the basement , the Ames ( Iowa ) Tribune reported Thursday .
Advertisement
Investigators said Bentley , who may have spent the night at the church , entered the facility and brought items from around the church into the basement and set up a camp site with church - owned items including food , kitchen utensils , clothes , electronic equipment and a 26 - inch flat - screen television .
" He kind of made himself at home , " said Cmdr. Mike Brennan of the Ames Police Department .
Police said they believe Bentley used the church 's equipment to watch pornographic films he was carrying at the time of his arrest .
He was charged with second - degree burglary and booked into the Story County Jail in lieu of $ 10,000 bond .
Google 's attempt to trademark the term " Nexus One , " the name for its Android smartphone , has been rejected by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , as it was deemed too similar to a related term .
Google 's attempt to trademark the term " Nexus One " for its Android smartphone has been rejected by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , as it was deemed too similar to a related term .
The application was rejected as too similar to a " Nexus " integrated voice and Internet T1 product owned by Integra Telecom , which registered its trademark in December 2008 .
What does this mean for Google ?
The company could either change the name of the Nexus One , contest the trademark application , or license the brand name from Integra , which sells $ 60 million worth of products per year under the Integra brand , according to a report .
Read the rest of this story at eWEEK : " Google Denied Nexus One Trademark By USPTO "
Step One : Look at your list of favorite websites and glean from them a general field of interest .
Examples might be entertainment , business , games , food , etc .
For me it was science .
The key here is you 're not forcing it .
You 've generated a list of favorite websites already .
All you 're doing is reading into that list what , at the end of the day , you 're doing with your free time .
Step Two : Start keeping track of what content within this general category is most interesting to you .
In this sense , I think the means are important .
In my case , I wanted to populate a blog and forum with only the most interesting things I came across .
So I was n't just highlighting a list of bookmarks .
I was selecting from that list of bookmarks only those items I thought worth sharing ( would be interesting to others ) .
Of course I 'm still relying on my own discriminating tastes in making these determinations , so the end result was what 's most interesting to me .
To put it into perspective , what you see on the LPB and /r / FoS / is only a very small percentage of the science content I 've perused over the past year .
Over the course of assembling FoS and finding ways to contribute " content " that compliments that of FoS 's science bloggers , I 've stumbled onto the answer to a question that has befuddled me all my many years ,
What do you want to do when you grow up ?
Of course it 's a little late for me , but maybe the method by which I discovered my true calling could be of some use to someone not so ... old.1 . Quite by accident , having decided on science as the general theme of my favorite website , I was halfway to my answer without even knowing it .
2 .
Fast forwarding to today and taking a critical look at my subsequent contributions to my favorite website over the past year -- see the LPB and /r/ FoS/ ? ) -- and the mystery of what I wanted to do when I grow up is definitively solved .
So what 's the answer to the question ?
Astrobiologist
But back to the method .
Broken down I 've simply scrutinized my online habits for clues to what interests me .
It took a bit of structure and discipline ( editing FoS ) for me to be able to narrow it down to the point that I could put my finger on a very specific vocation , but that 's just me .
Chances are if you scrutinize your own unique virtual meanderings with this question in mind , you 'll find that you 've already left yourself a trail of bookmarks and favorites leading to what you should be doing with your life .
Flaming Zombooka
Test out your brand new bazooka on some unsuspecting zombies !
Kill all of the zombies in each stage by launching as few rockets as possible .
Alright folks , this is the single biggest news in iPhone hacking ever since the jailbreak .
i Phone hacker and Dev-Team member Planetbeing apparently just managed to port Google 's Android Mobile OS to the iPhone .
I repeat , he took the Android OS , the system that runs on the Android phones , and installed it on an iPhone .
I believe this is the very first time someone managed to install a non-Apple OS on the iPhone and the implications of this are absolutely huge .
It 's still in alpha version for now , but with some improvements , this would allow anybody to use both iPhone and Android OS on their iPhone .
Just like you can do Bootcamp on your Mac to access PC apps , you 'll be able to go on Android to try all these apps that do n't exist , or were not allowed on the iPhone .
Imagine for a second that Adobe manages to puts flash on there , well , you 'll get to have it too .
Check it out , it 's just sick :
To get more late breaking news as it happens , download the AppAdvice iPhone / iPad app !
[ via Planetbeing ]
So , you want to be a game developer ?
Well , starting out as a game developer is a very daunting task , especially because games are perhaps the most complex pieces of software to develop .
While I am by no means an expert in game development ( or even out of college ) , I do have a unique perspective on starting out as a game developer .
Last year I finished freshman year of my Computer Science degree at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign , and was ( and still am ) on the Chromatactix development team that started at an organization at U of I called Gamebuilders .
Chromatactix is an action - adventure game we are developing for the Xbox 360 where you an up to three friends survive against alien invasions .
Gamebuilders , as the name suggests , develops video games for both the Engineering Open House at our school and the Independent Games Festival .
Our presentation at the Engineering Open House was an overwhelming success ; we had a steady line of people the whole event ( which lasted 2 days ) just to play our game .
We even had kids bring their friends the next day to play it .
Personally , it was very gratifying to see our game liked by so many people - all of our hard work paid off !
With a year under my belt , I 'd like to share some thoughts and reflections on how our project did so well , and give advice to future projects .
Just because you 're a freshman or starting out in the industry , does n't mean you can't make a killer game !
1 . Take the Initiative to Teach Yourself
Coming into college , I had very little actual experience with programming - the only experience I had was developing websites and dabbling with C++.
I had never made a video game ( though I thought it would be cool ) , and had never even took a programming class in high school .
The courses you take in college are going to give you a very solid base of understanding , however ( at least from my experiences so far ) they wo n't teach you frameworks or engines that the real world uses .
You 'll get a lot of good experience by applying the theory and concepts from school to practical applications .
For example , I used the concepts from my " Intro to Programming " class which taught Java and Object Oriented Programming to teach myself C# - a language very similar in syntax to Java - so I could interact with Microsoft 's XNA Framework and start developing video games .
Besides my passion for video games , the knowledge that the stuff I 'm teaching myself applies to many areas of the software development industry helps motivate spending a lot of time learning outside the curriculum .
Making a game is n't mutually exclusive from everything else - a game is still a piece of software , so it falls under the realm of software development .
I have applied what I know from game development from a variety of different programming projects .
Furthermore , I was able to get an internship position as a software engineer from one of our career fairs - something I would never have been able to do as a freshman if I did n't demonstrate my involvement outside of the curriculum .
The experience you get from applying what you learn and teaching yourself is invaluable and will give you a leg up above everyone else .
2. Pick a Technology and Go With It
While I was just beginning at game development , I spent a lot of time meticulously analyzing what technologies I should use to build the game .
What language should I use ?
Should I learn DirectX or OpenGL ?
Should I use a pre-built engine ?
What games should I make first ?
The research went on and on .
Do n't get me wrong , it 's important to do your homework before you just jump into the first technology you see , but there comes a point where you have to make a decision .
One of the best pieces of advice I got was to just use a language and development environment that you are most comfortable with , because at the end of the day you are more likely to grasp the concepts and enjoy what you are doing if you like the technology you are working with .
I ended up choosing C# because I was much more comfortable using it than C++ or some other language .
The garbage collector and general feel of the syntax made it much more favorable for me to work with than in C ++.
You might be thinking that most of the game development industry uses C++ , so why not just use that to develop your games ?
At least while you 're learning , the difference between these technologies does n't really matter .
Sure , you have more control over memory management with C++ , but chances are you are n't going to be making a commercial game your first few games .
The concepts related to game logic , artificial intelligence , collision detection , algorithms , and general programming paradigms are language independent , so it 's best to just learn with what you are comfortable with .
The XNA Framework allows me to focus easily on the above things .
For example , instead of worrying about how to draw a polygon mesh on the screen , I can just call an XNA function that interacts with DirectX to draw it , allowing me to deal with the fun stuff right away .
To illustrate the point that most of game programming ( probably most programming in general ) is language independent , I 'd like to share one of my experiences at one of our school 's Game Career Night .
Our team was showing off Chromatactix to several guys at Volition ( Red Faction , Saint 's Row ) , and they immediately broke down our game into its components - collision detection , AI , etc .
They really liked what Microsoft was doing with XNA , saying that it's now much easier to get into game development with this technology .
by Joseph Yun Li-sun
North Korean sources say that last night ’s great fireworks , which concluded the ‘ day of the Sun ’ , were organised by Kim Jong - un , Kim Jong - il ’s third son .
The father also promoted one hundred officers to ensure the military ’s loyalty .
Pyongyang ( AsiaNews ) – Kim Jong - il ’s successor was officially designated last night .
The event had been expected yesterday during the day .
The grand fireworks display that concluded the celebrations of Kim Il - sung ’s birthday , known as the “ Day of the Sun ” , was attributed to Kim Jong - un , the third son of the Kim Jong - il , North Korea ’s ‘ dear leader ’ .
The youngest Kim is expected to become eventually North Korea ’s next dictator .
Organising fireworks was one of the task Kim Jong - il , Kim Il - sung ’s son and successor , took on before he became president .
Local sources said that North Korean media described the heir , dubbed the ‘ smart leader ’ , as the “ youth captain ” who “ showcased his outstanding ability by organising the entire process ( the fireworks ) with a set of programmes and songs . ”
In Korea , “ it is tradition for the head of the household to organise the festivities . ”
This means that the youngest Kim “ has been invested with the succession . ”
Kim Ki-nam , secretary of the Workers ' Party of Korea ( North Korea ’s Communist party ) , added his voice , saying , “ We are lucky to have a dynasty of great leaders who serve the country and lead it to the great revolution . ”
A publication titled “ Instruction Materials on Kim Jong - un ’s Greatness ” was recently sent to North Korean media .
It lays down guidelines on how to address the young heir , highlighting his areas of expertise , which include “ organising festivities , fireworks and official choirs for the regime . ”
The manual was also distributed to the country ’s top brass .
In it , Kim Jong-il is quoted as praising the ‘ Youth Captain ( Kim Jong - un ) for his beautiful fireworks and ability in organising the ‘ Day of the Sun ’ , said a source ( anonymous for security reason ) from Hamgyeongbuk province .
“ According to the ‘ dear leader ’ , the young man stayed up several nights to prepare the display ; this is a sign of his great devotion to the country .
And we were told about it . ”
Whatever the case may be , the heir must become party secretary to finalise North Korea ’s succession process .
In a sign of great benevolence , Kim Jong - il yesterday issued a decree promoting one hundred military leaders .
He has thus filled the ranks of the military leadership with officers loyal to his son , Kim Jong-un .
North Korea ’s military account for 50 per cent of the country ’s GDP .
" Smart drugs " use by US college students to illegally boost brainpower
International
ani -Staff
By Samyuktha
Washington , April 26 ( ANI ) : A US survey has suggested that college students are illegally boosting their brainpower by using ' smart drugs ' like Ritalin and Aderall .
The college campus survey revealed the drugs are meant for those with attention deficit disorders .
Alan DeSantis , professor of Communications at the University of Kentucky , decided to study the use of drugs like Ritalin and Adderall because he was surprised to hear so many of his students talking about taking them .
He found that among nearly 2,000 U. of K. undergrads surveyed , 34 percent said they had taken them without a prescription and that the percentage rose , as students got closer to graduation .
" If you were to ask what percentage of juniors and seniors are using ADHD stimulants , the number is well above 50 , pushing 60 percent , " CBS News quoted him as telling " 60 Minutes " correspondent Katie Couric .
" Add in juniors and seniors who are in fraternities and sororities , the number is up [ to ] 80 percent , " DeSantis said .
DeSantis says nearly all the respondents said the drugs improved their scores by one or two letter grades .
According to DeSantis , 4 percent of undergrads at the University of Kentucky have legal prescriptions for ADHD stimulants and those students often have leftover pills they give or sell to their fellow students , like Lauren , a junior at the University .
" I 've taken them to study for tests and write papers ....
If I 'm not on Adderall , I 'll read something and I 'm not really interested at all , " she explained how the drugs work for her .
" But then you take an Adderall and you ... all of the sudden are just totally consumed in what you are doing , " she told Couric .
Scott , another U. of K. student , who says he does not take these drugs , understands why others do .
" Everybody 's trying to get an edge ... if you can take a pill that will help you study all night to get that grade you need ... a lot of people do n't see why they would n't do it , " he said .
Scientists , like Dr. Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , point out that stimulants like Adderall and Ritalin can cause heart trouble and raise blood pressure .
She says the long - term effects of people without attention deficit disorder using such drugs are not known and she has another concern .
" The reality is there are side effects of these drugs , " Volkow said .
" One of them is addiction , but another one can be psychosis , so it 's not worth the risk , " she stated .
U. of K. student Catherine , who says she does not use smart drugs , raises another question .
" I feel that it's an unfair advantage , " she told Couric .
" If the person next to me ... can stay up the entire night and know the material and come in and make a better grade than me , " she added .
( ANI )
MONTREAL — When we 're under immediate stress — say , we are about to give a speech or about to be mugged — we either fight or flee , or so scientists have long preached .
But some psychologists are now suggesting that this scenario may apply mainly to males .
Men get antisocial under pressure , but women tend to react in the opposite way : they " tend and befriend , " engaging in nurturing and social networking , perhaps as a way to protect their offspring , according to a theory proffered by neuroscientist Shelley Taylor of the University of California , Los Angeles .
Here at the Cognitive Neuroscience Society 2010 annual meeting , psychologist Mara Mather of the University of Southern California presented powerful new support for Taylor 's hypothesis in the divergent ways that stressed men and women respond to faces .
Mather and her colleagues asked male and female subjects to place their hand in ice water for three minutes , an activity that makes levels of the stress hormone cortisol shoot up over the next hour or so .
Then these subjects — and a comparison group whose hands had been comfortably immersed in warm water — looked at angry or neutral faces while lying inside a brain scanner .
These conditions revealed a striking sex difference in the brain in the extent to which men and women process faces , and perform emotional assessments of others , under stress .
The men under the influence of high cortisol levels showed less activity in a key face - processing region of the brain ( the fusiform face area or FFA ) than the unstressed men did , suggesting that stressful situations diminish the ability of men to evaluate facial expressions .
By contrast , the brains of the women under strain worked harder on the faces : in these females , the FFA was more active than it was in women who did not experience the cortisol boost .
This sex difference was apparent not only in the face evaluation area , but also in a circuit of regions that enables people to internally simulate and understand the emotions of others .
This circuit includes the insula , which governs feelings of empathy , and the temporal pole , which helps us understand others ' states of mind .
According to the researchers ' analysis , stress appeared to increase the flow of information between these regions and the FFA in women , orchestrating a concerted response .
But in males , cortisol worked to disconnect the brain 's analysis of facial expression from its evaluation of others ' emotions .
" Will stress increase females ' accuracy in interpreting facial expressions — and fuel greater empathy ? "
Mather asks .
Women do seek out affiliation during difficult or threatening times , she says , whereas men do n't .
Women 's ability to read people 's expressions more intensely and more accurately could partially underlie this propensity to bond under such circumstances — whether organizing a collective response to an earthquake or reaching out to a potential client during a tense negotiation .
" When we start looking at stress , that is where the sex differences in behavior emerge , " Mather says .
Like many of us , US Senator Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) was none too pleased about Facebook 's recent changes to how user data is shared with third - party companies ( and made searchable online ) .
But the senator announced today that he believes social network privacy is a task for the Federal Trade Commission to tackle with Facebook , Twitter , Myspace , and all other online social networking services :
A press release from Schumer 's office announced that he has written to the FTC to ask that the agency " examine the privacy disclosures of social - networking sites to ensure they are not misleading or fail to fully disclose the extent to which they share information …( and ) provide guidelines for use of private information and prohibit access without user permission . "
More at CNET , and here 's the press release from Schumer 's office .
Snip :
I 'm lovvvvving Mac Funamizu 's USB Memory Stick # 6 concept , which would be made out of glass and provide a rather novel form of feedback .
The idea is that lights of different colors -- pink for images , blue for documents , green for movie files , for example -- would accumulate as you added files , letting you " see " how much data , and what sort , you had on the thing .
My only gripe with the concept is the same gripe I have with other USB drive concepts , which is the same gripe I have with automobile ads :
Most car commercials show their vehicle driving down a deserted country lane , not stuck in bumper - to - bumper traffic on the West Side Highway .
Similarly , USB drive concepts are typically portrayed as being the only thing plugged into your computer , and on my octopus - like MacBook Pro I can't fit anything in an available USB slot unless it 's the exact width of the slot itself .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
DU HAR BEGYNT Å JOGGE .
Du vil ned i vekt , opp i form , føle at du lever .
Du trener tre ganger i uka og har meldt deg på ditt første mosjonsløp .
Flott !
Velkommen til den nye joggebølgen .
Nå vet vi mer enn ved den første på syttittallet .
Menneskekroppen er ikke skapt for løping , særlig ikke på asfalt .
Du må være godt skodd for å unngå belastningsskader .
Derfor har du kjøpt en mengdetreningssko med god demping og maksimal stabilitet .
Du har lært at du « overpronerer » , og dette må unngås for enhver pris .
Du vet også at sko bør byttes en gang i året for å beholde dempingen .
Bra .
Du er flink og opplyst .
Og en god kunde .
Men jeg har en nyhet til deg :
ALT DU HAR LÆRT om løping og løpesko , er feil .
Her er sannheten :
• Det er ikke mer skadelig å løpe enn å leve .
• Men løpesko anbefalt av leger , ortopeder , sportskjeder og treningsblader kan være skadelige .
• Mangel på ressurser fremmer sunn og effektiv løpeteknikk .
• Barn løper riktigere enn voksne .
• Tidligere tiders folkeslag løper riktigere enn dagens .
• Fattige løper riktigere enn rike .
• Gammeldagse løpesko er bedre enn moderne .
• Enkle sko er bedre enn avanserte .
• Billige sko er bedre enn dyre .
• Nedslitte sko er bedre enn nye .
• Aller best er ingen sko .
• Barfotløpere kan løpe langt , fort og komfortabelt selv på asfalt .
• Med gradvis tilvenning og trening kan de fleste løpe ( tilnærmet ) barføtt .
HVEM ER DET som sier dette ?
Stadig flere kjettere , som mener skoindustrien har hjernevasket oss gjennom flere tiår .
60 - 70 prosent av løpere blir skadet hvert år .
Den moderne joggeskoen , oppfunnet av Nike i 1972 , har ikke redusert tallene .
I stedet har den fått en hel generasjon ( eller to ) til å forveksle løping med gåing .
Hva skjer når du løper på tykke såler ?
Du treffer bakken med hælen .
Slik vi gjør når vi går , bortsett fra at du lander mye tyngre .
Verken bra for helsa eller farten .
Hva skjer når du løper uten sko ?
Du blir tvunget til lande på forfoten .
Slik gode løpere gjør .
« Det er en vanlig misforståelse at langdistanseløpere lander på hælen .
De lander på tåballen , går ned på hælen og sparker fra med tærne , » skrev løperkongen Audun Boysen i 1955 .
Tjue år senere ble misforståelsen satt i kommersielt system ved å dytte sålen full av luft , gel , puter , plater , strenger og søyler .
Samtidig ble europeiske og amerikanske løpere akterutseilt av kenyanere og etiopere som fikk sin første sko i tenårsalderen .
Tilfeldig ?
Neppe .
DET HANDLER OM å lytte til kunnskap fra andre tider og steder .
Journalisten Christopher McDougall hadde vondt i beina og fikk beskjed av tre leger om å slutte å jogge .
Han ble kvitt plagene ved å følge oppskriften til Tarahumara - indianere i Mexico : løpe mye , mye mer - i sandaler .
Hans mytomane , men underholdende barfotbibel « Born To Run » omvender stadig flere til noe som før var en undergrunnskult eller hippieflørt .
Povel Ramels
« Ta av dej skorna » er blitt mislukernes resept for bedre helse .
Det handler også om vitenskap .
Om biologi og evolusjon .
Daniel Lieberman ved Harvard har avdekket hvordan våre forfedre utkonkurrerte neandertalerne med sin utholdenhet som løpende jegere .
Selv vår tenkeevne ble utviklet gjennom bokstavelig talt drepende løpeturer etter dyr .
Mennesket er født til å løpe , og foten er perfeksjonert som springfjær og støtdemper gjennom millioner av år .
Kanskje den fortjener å bli aktivert og stimulert ?
Vibram FiveFingers , en fleksibel “ fothanske ” med gummisåle , ble kåret til årets helse - oppfinnelse av magasinet Time i 2007 .
Salget tredobles hvert år. Barfotfolket “ vifter med tærne i ansiktet på de store skogigantene ” skriver New York Times .
Hvordan tar de utfordringen ?
I ET « ÅPENT BREV til løperfellesskapet » skriver toppsjefen i Brooks at barfotløping kun passer for « gasellene blant oss » , de med « naturlig løpesett » .
Men kanskje de andre fikk ødelagt løpesettet av overdempede sko ?
Brooks ' veldøpte « Beast » , joggeskoens svar på Hummer , er trolig like helsefremmende som monsterbilen er miljøvennlig .
Men den egner seg som spasersko for feite amerikanere .
85 prosent av joggeskoene i USA selges til folk som ikke løper .
Andre skoselgere velger å ta tyrene ved hornene .
« Joggeskoens død ? » lød tittelen på et åpent seminar arrangert av butikkkjeden Löplabbet denne uka .
Alle ansatte stilte uten sko , hyllet barfotfilosofien , men minnet om skobehovet til de utrente og tunge blant oss , også kjent som flertallet .
Det paradoksale høydepunktet kom da en Nike - sjef fra Nederland ( også han barbeint ) utbrøt : « Jeg elsker følelsen av gress under beina !
Å løpe barfot er som å få orgasme ! » .
Med siden
Nike driver butikk , tar de en omvendt Povel Ramel : Vi må ta på oss sko for å nyte barbeintfølelsen !
Nike Free koster 1200 kroner .
Skobransjens svar på flaskevann .
JO MER DU LØPER , desto mindre demping trenger du .
Jo mindre beskyttelse , desto mer styrkes musklene .
Dedikerte løpere bør i det minste nærme seg barfotidealet .
Som en symbolhandling la jeg nettopp ut « verdens beste mengdetreningssko » for salg på Finn. no , grunnet « økt behov for bakkekontakt » .
Bye , bye , Kayano !
Nå går det i lettvektsko , eller racingvarianter .
Første gang jeg prøvde konkurransesko , føltes det som å fly avgårde .
Jeg var igjen et barn fullt av lyst og overskudd .
Desto vanskeligere var det å dele min treårige sønns glede da han forleden kom hjem med nye « joggeplatåsko » , kjøpt av mor , bak fars rygg .
De har bilde av en amerikansk truck på overlæret , og noe som ligner et sjofelt forsøk på indoktrinering :
To små LED - lys som blinker når man dunker hælen hardt i bakken .
Skoindustrien gir altså barn belønning for å løpe feil .
DET ER TRIST å se sin sønn begrave foten i et tett , polstret kammer før han løper ut på plenen en solfylt vårdag .
Jeg hadde forestilt meg at vi skulle kunne kjempe jevnt i de lange løp når han blir voksen .
Høres det latterlig optimistisk ut på egne vegne ?
Fakta : Tjueåringer og sekstiåringer har samme gjennomsnittstid på maraton .
Dersom sønnen blir hengende etter , med gode gener og svake legger , vet jeg hvem som har skylden : Produsenter av joggesko med « soft støtdemping som gjør hver joggetur komfortabel » .
Så derfor : Kjære Nike - og alle andre skofabrikanter !
Ikke mere « cushion foam » under forfoten og « redesignet Crash Pad » i hælen .
Ta ansvar !
Sy ikke puter under beina på ungdommen !
A gunman robbed the landmark Pink 's Hot Dogs early Monday , stealing a tip jar when employees were unable to open a safe , Los Angeles police said .
The thief , who was captured on surveillance video , walked up to the restaurant at the intersection La Brea Ave. near Melrose Ave. around 3:35 a.m. and demanded cash from a safe .
When employees said they could not access the money , the man stole a tip jar from the counter .
Pink's , known for its chili dogs and long lines , was founded in 1939 opened it 's La Brea Avenue restaurant in 1946 .
Wilshire Division Robbery detectives are handling the investigation .
Anyone with information is asked to call the station 's detective desk at ( 213 ) 922-8205
-- Andrew Blankstein
Photo : Pinks Hot Dog stand in Hollywood .
L.A. Times file
This is a little gallery of Chinese superhero knockoffs .
Like Spader - Man here .
Why the manufacturers do n't just go the extra mile and use the copywritten names is beyond me , but I suspect it has something to do with honor and morals .
Wait , did I say honor and morals ?
Because I meant bad translation .
Hit it for five more worthwhile characters including Robert - Cop 3 , Star Knight ( WIN ) and Specialman .
Chinese Superhero Knock Off Fails [ forkparty ]
Thanks to Rafi , who used to have an Incredible Bulk action figure growing up .
A health - care reform Rorschach test
I long ago learned that cost estimates are health - care reform 's version of a Rorschach test :
They tell you more about the reader than the bill .
And the early reaction to the latest estimates ( pdf ) out of the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services are no different .
So here 's what you need to know .
First , be clear about what 's being estimated .
The Congressional Budget Office 's estimates look at the deficit .
CMS is looking at total national health expenditures .
This often confuses people into thinking that there 's conflict between the two sets of numbers when there is n't : CBO says that federal spending is going to go up to pay for the coverage expansion , but that savings and revenue will go up by even more , leading to a net reduction in the federal deficit .
CMS is looking only at the spending side .
And here 's what it finds :
In 2019 , implementation of the Affordable Care Act will reduce the ranks of the uninsured by 34 million people and increase nation health expenditures by 1 percent .
One percent .
And that 1 percent is actually 1 percent and falling :
When the legislation is fully implemented in 2016 , the spending increase will be 2 percent .
But cost controls kick in over those years and bring it down to 1 percent .
Assuming the trend holds , the second decade will see national health expenditures fall below what spending would 've been if the bill had n't passed .
So that 's the bottom line of the report :
We 're covering 34 million people and come 2019 , spending is expected to be one percentage point -- and falling -- above what it would 've been if we 'd done nothing .
As that suggests , the CMS study projects only to 2019 .
That 's not very long , given that the bill is implemented in 2014 .
So it does n't do much to project how cost controls like the Independent Payment Advisory Board will work in the second decade , which is when they really kick in .
The report is also skeptical that some of the Medicare payment adjustments will be implemented .
So it 's back to the Rorschach test :
You can either say the report does n't do enough to look at how the cost controls will fare once fully implemented or you can say that it 's more evidence that the cost controls wo n't actually be put into place .
I 'm optimistic on the cost control front , but you knew that already .
I 'd also add that there 's reason to think CMS is conservative in its cost estimates .
In 2003 , the Bush administration suppressed the agency 's estimate that Medicare Part D would cost $ 500 billion to $ 600 billion over 10 years .
The Bush administration was wrong to suppress the projection , but the projection itself turned out to be far too high .
If you want to get exact about it , the estimate was 37 percent too high , for reasons Richard Foster , CMS 's chief actuary , describes here .
All in all , I think the report makes health - care reform look pretty good .
A one percentage point increase in spending in return for covering 34 million people ?
That 's a good deal , I think .
But your mileage may differ .
The 3GS 's modern profile curves add more " young " to the device , the 4G is just screwed up .
It 's too , " Blackberry " .
Every so often , somebody blogs about getting bit by what they usually call " over - mocking " .
That is , they mocked some object , its interface changed , but the tests that were using mocks did n't fail because they were using mocks .
The conclusion is : " mocks are bad " .
Martin Fowler outlines two kinds of unit testers : stateist and mockist .
To simplify things for a minute , a stateist tester asserts that a method returns a particular value .
A mockist tester asserts that a method triggers a specific set of interactions with the object 's dependencies .
The " mocks are bad " crowd is arguing for a wholly stateist approach to unit testing .
On the surface , stateist testing seems certainly more convenient .
A mockist is burdened with maintaining both the implementation of an object and its various test doubles .
So why mocks ?
It seems like a lot of extra work for nothing .
Why Mocks ?
A better place to start might be : what are the goals of unit testing ?
For a stateist tester , unit tests serve primarily as a safety net .
They catch regressions , and thus facilitate confident refactoring .
If the tests are written in advance of the implementation ( whether Test Driven or simply test - first ) , a stateist tester will derive some design benefit from their tests by virtue of designing an object 's interface from the perspective of its user .
A mockist draws a thick line between unit tests and functional or integration tests .
For a mockist , a unit test must only test a single unit .
Test doubles replace any and all dependencies , ensuring that only an error in the object under test will cause a failure .
A few design patterns facilitate this style of testing .
Dependency Injection is at the top of the list .
In order to properly isolate the object under test , its dependencies must be replaced with doubles .
In order to replace an object 's dependencies with doubles , they must be supplied to its constructor ( injected ) rather than referred to explicitly in the class definition .
class VideoUploader def initialize ( persister = Persister .
new ) @ persister = persister end def create ( parameters ) @ persister .
save ( parameters [ : temp_file_name ] ) end end
When we 're unit testing the above VideoUploader ( ruby code , by the way ) , it 's easy to see how we 'd replace the concrete Persister implementation with a fake persister for test purposes .
Rather than test that the file was actually saved to the file system ( the stateist test ) , the mockist tester would simply assert that the persister mock was invoked correctly .
This design has the benefit of easily supporting alternate persister implementations .
Instead of persisting to the filesystem , we may wish to persist videos to Amazon 's S3 .
With this design , it 's as simple as implementing an S3 Persister that conforms to the persister 's interface , and injecting an instance of it .
This is possible because the VideoUploader is decoupled from the Persister .
If the Persister class was referred to explicitly in the VideoUploader , it would be far more difficult to replace it with a different implementation .
For more on decoupled code , you must read Nick Kallen 's excellent article that goes in to far more detail on these patterns and their benefits .
To be sure , we 're really talking more about Dependency Injection here than anything else , and stateist testers can and do make use of DI .
But the mockist test paradigm prods us towards this sort of design .
We 're forced to look at the system we 're building in terms of objects ' interactions and boundaries .
This is because it tends to be quite painful ( impossible in many languages ) and verbose to unit test tightly coupled code in a mockist style .
So the primary goal of a mockist 's unit tests is to guide design of their object model .
Making it difficult to couple objects tightly is one such guiding force .
Mockist tests also tend to highlight objects that violate the Single Responsibility Principle since their tests become a jungle of test double setup code .
We can think of mockist testing like a kind of shock therapy that pushes you towards a certain kind of design .
You can ignore it , but it 'll hurt .
Failure isolation is probably the other big advantage of mockist tests .
If your unit tests are correctly isolated , you can be sure exactly which object is responsible for a test failure .
With stateist tests , a given unit test could fail if the unit or any of its dependencies are broken .
But is it worth it ?
Mockist or Stateist ?
The burden of maintaining mocks is by far the most common argument against mockist tests .
You have to write both the implementation and at least one test double .
When one changes , the other has to change too .
Perhaps most troubling , if an object 's interface changes , its dependencies ' unit tests will continue to pass because the mock objects will function as always — arguably a hinderance to refactoring .
Since you need to test for that scenario , mockists also write integration tests .
Integration tests are probably a good idea anyway , but as a mockist , you do n't really have a choice .
Also , the refactoring problem only applies to dynamic languages .
In a statically typed language , the program will simply fail to compile .
I find this burden troubling .
More code to write makes the “ we do n't have time ” argument come out in pressure situations .
For a design exercise , the cost of mockist tests seems quite high .
On my last open source project ( friendly ) , I decided to give mockist testing a try .
Most of the code turned out beautifully .
And the mistakes I did make could have been avoided had I listened to the pain I felt while testing them .
Since that project worked out well , I 've been applying mockist techniques to other work .
I 've written mockist tests in everything from my scala projects to my rails apps .
So far , so good .
In theory , I hate the idea of mockist tests .
They just seem like too much work .
I do n't want to like them and remain reluctant to admit that I do .
But in practice , I 'm writing better code , and it 's hard to hate that .
The city ’s top financial official issued a grim assessment of the escalating budget crisis Monday , warning that Los Angeles could be unable to pay its bills in just over four weeks .
City Controller Wendy Greuel declared an “ urgent financial crisis ” and said the only way to continue paying bills in the short term was to begin to drain the city ’s already limited emergency reserve .
Greuel ’s announcement was the latest development in an increasingly bitter standoff between the City Council and the city ’s Department of Water and Power over how much the municipal utility should charge ratepayers and how much it should contribute to the city ’s treasury .
DWP officials have proposed rate increases that would range from roughly 9 % for most users to as high as 28 % for some .
The council has blocked those increases , responding to irate reactions from constituents .
DWP officials have said that without the extra money , they cannot meet their commitment to send the city an additional $ 73.5 million on which budget officials say they have been counting .
Interim DWP General Manager S. David Freeman , in a letter sent to Greuel Monday morning , said that he would urge the utility ’s board of commissioners -- all appointees of Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa -- to withhold the $ 73.5 - million payment .
Without the rate increase , he said , the DWP would not have “ surplus revenue ” to contribute to the city while still paying its own bills .
Angry council members said they were skeptical of Freeman ’s assertion and accused the giant agency -- the nation ’s largest municipal utility -- of trying to use the payment to force through the rate increase .
“ It seems they are holding the whole city of Los Angeles hostage because of their inability to hold up to their word , ” council President Eric Garcetti said .
The mayor , in response , reiterated his order for agencies to cut spending and expedite bill collection .
Greuel said the city would need to pull money from its $ 191 million in reserve funds immediately to pay its bills next month .
She expects the city to be out of money , and probably in the red , by June 30 .
“ This is the most urgent fiscal crisis that the city has faced in recent history , and it is imperative that you act now , ” Greuel told the mayor and council members .
“ That is why I am asking you to immediately transfer $ 90 million from the city ’s reserve fund to the general fund so I can continue to pay the city ’s bills , and to ensure the fiscal solvency of the city . ”
Acting City Administrative Officer Ray Ciranna , the city ’s top financial analyst , said that using the reserve funds , plus agency spending freezes and other savings could reap enough money to cover Los Angeles ’ bills through the end of the fiscal year , June 30 .
Some officials fear that using that money would not only leave the city without reserves in case of emergencies , it would also probably trigger another downgrade in its Wall Street credit ratings .
“ We think we could probably cover the current year deficit without the $ 73 million .
But it leaves us with no reserves , which is not good , ” Ciranna said .
Even with that extra money , several council members remained concerned that the city would be in desperate financial straits at the end of the budget year , especially if tax revenue continues to drop .
They also characterized Freeman ’s recommendation to withhold the money as retribution for the council ’s rejection of the rate increases , saying DWP ’s stance would require adding to the 4,000 city job cuts already authorized .
“ I think we have folks who are over in the DWP that are playing games with people ’s lives , ” said Councilman Bernard C. Parks , who heads the city ’s budget committee .
Parks continued to question assertions by DWP officials that the agency ’s financial situation had deteriorated .
In March , DWP officials assured the council that the utility would transfer a total of $ 220 million to the city ’s general fund by June 30 -- the utility has paid only $ 147 million thus far .
Councilman Greig Smith said the city has few , if any , options to recoup the remaining money before July 1 .
Even additional layoffs could not be processed that quickly , in part because many employees are protected by a labor agreement through the end of the current fiscal year .
“ Our reserve fund was already very marginal to begin with ; this could push it over the edge , ” Smith said .
“ That would mean we would have nothing in the tank on June 30 , ” at the end of the fiscal year .
The fight with the DWP escalated in late March , when the council rejected the Villaraigosa - backed plan to raise rates for households .
When the proposal was first mentioned two months ago , Villaraigosa and his staff pitched it as an environmentally friendly initiative that would wean the DWP off dirtier coal .
Weeks later , the mayor said the extra revenue also would help the utility cover rising coal costs and renewable energy contracts signed by his administration since 2005
To address concerns about the utility ’s fiscal health , the council approved a smaller electric rate increase of 4.5 % last week and sent it back to the DWP board for approval .
But instead of approving the council ’s more modest rate increase , Villaraigosa ’s appointees on the DWP board voted for a 5.7 % increase over three months , which was swiftly vetoed late that night by the council .
phil.willon@latimes.com
maeve.reston@latimes.com
Get ready for the cankerworms , Winnipeg .
Some parts of the city will see plenty of the creepy - crawly leaf - eating critters this spring , said entomologist Taz Stuart .
" Based on the fall numbers and initial indications of what 's been told to me by my crews , we are expecting to see certain areas of the city with a reasonable level of defoliation , " he said .
Some parts of Winnipeg are expected to see a higher number of leaf - devouring , thread - spinning cankerworms this year .
( ( CBC ) )
Transcona , Garden City , North Kildonan , parts of River Heights and Tuxedo are all pegged to experience a larger infestation than other parts of the city .
Cankerworm moths come out of the ground during the first warm days of spring , then crawl up the trees to the twigs where they lay their eggs .
Those eggs will hatch as soon as the leaf buds open .
Spraying to start soon
A cool , wet spring last year meant the city did n't start spraying until the end of May .
This spring , however , has been warm and dry , which has speeded up the worms ' march to the tree limbs .
The City of Winnipeg will spray BTK to starve the cankerworms .
( ( CBC ) )
The city will begin spraying civic property in the next few days with BTK , an organically certified product .
It gives the worms a stomach ache that cuts into their appetites and causes them to die of starvation .
Crews will spray trees on boulevards and other city - owned property but will not spray private property .
Homeowners who do n't want the chemical near their yards can apply for a 30 - metre buffer zone by writing or faxing the city 's Insect Control Branch .
Those homeowners who want to treat the trees in their yards can buy BTK at garden centres , said Stuart .
Mosquito numbers down
While the dry weather has helped the cankerworms , it has hindered those other summer pests , mosquitoes .
The lack of standing water has kept the number of mosquito larvae down , but that situation could change quickly with a big rain , Stuart said .
The forecast for the Winnipeg area calls for nothing but sun and above - normal temperatures for the foreseeable future .
The normal daily high at this time of year is 12 C .
Temperatures ranging from 14 to 23 C are expected through the next week .
Woz with the iPad 3G he should n't have seen .
Twitter Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak has written a post on the lost iPhone and Apple 's product secrecy at Gizmodo .
Steve says he does n't think that Gray Powell , the engineer that left the iPhone in a bar , was fired .
Woz speculates that each case is examined individually , and perhaps Gray was not violating Apple policy .
( We 'd thrown in our own speculation : If Apple considers the phone stolen , not lost , then he has extra room for cover . )
Another engineer at Apple is not as lucky as Gray .
Though , his infraction is much more benign .
At midnight , April 3 , the day of the iPad launch , an Apple engineer showed Steve his iPad .
Steve played with it for two minutes , testing some of the software .
This photo on Twitter shows Steve with it .
Note the black strip that runs along the top .
That 's an iPad 3G , which does n't go on sale until April 30 .
Steve says Apple told the engineer that he could take the iPad out of a secured Apple area after midnight on April 3 .
But he was not supposed to show the iPad to anyone .
( Even though Woz is an Apple employee . )
Steve says he later talked to Steve Jobs about the iPad , mentioned what the engineer did , and Jobs said , " It 's no big deal . "
Regardless , the engineer ended up being fired .
He knowingly revealed an Apple product ahead of time and for that , says Steve Wozniak , he lost his job .
Read the whole Steve Wozniak story at Gizmodo →
See Also : How Apple Conceals Prototype iPhones
Child jockey , photo courtesy Anti-Slavery International
Camel racers in the United Arab Emirates are still using child jockeys in their meetings despite a ban , a human rights organisation says .
Anti-Slavery International has issued pictures of 10 - year - olds riding camels at Abu Dhabi 's prestigious 12 - race competition on 9 February .
Children were officially banned from racing in 2005 .
Racing officials said the young riders were Emirati children racing with their parents ' consent .
Child jockeys were banned after it was revealed Emirati camel trainers and owners were bringing in hundreds of south Asian and African children to ride camels in races .
They were replaced with " robot jockeys " - mechanical arms that goaded the camels to run .
Camels are a big part of Emirati culture , with fine racing camels sold for millions of dollars at auction .
At the al - Dhafrah camel festival in Abu Dhabi in February , one man spent $ 6.5 m ( £ 4 m ) on three camels on sale at an auction .
A reader writes :
In 1992 , Perot skated through the presidential election season with the press at arm 's length .
He launched his campaign in a softball interview with Larry King ( and ended his political career there , too , in a debate with Al Gore . )
Despite his bizarre withdrawal in the middle of the campaign - sound familiar ?
- he re-entered the campaign in the last month and managed to get almost 1 out of 5 Americans to vote for him .
While Perot pitched himself as a can - do guy - a bit different from Palin - he had a similar populist appeal as an outsider , speaking truth to the establishment .
While Perot self - financed his ' 92 campaign , Palin certainly has the juice to raise money for a campaign waged through ads , speeches , and patsy interviews .
I do n't think she 'll win , but I think she can make a show of it , and make things crazy .
Another writes :
I 'm guessing you do n't have a lot of time to listen to random podcasts , but if you check out the most recent Double X podcast from Slate , there was a long discussion between Hanna Rosin , Jack Shafer and Jessica Grose about Palin and how the left should deal with her when she runs for president .
Shafer posited that refuting her points ( which do n't really make any sense ) is like refuting the points of a five year old : you look like a jerk and you wind up , weirdly , strengthening her arguments .
The only people who can really take someone like Sarah Palin down are comedians .
He suggested that , if she runs for president and becomes the subject of concise mockery , she can not last .
" So , " Rosin said , " what we need is more Tina Fey . "
Shafer 's point is already born out a little bit .
I watched the Katie Couric interview , but what I remember better is Tina Fey ( as Palin ) saying , " I can see Russia from my house ! "
And in my head , that statement is completely associated with Palin , not with Fey -- it is only after I think about it for a few seconds that I remember which woman actually said those words .
Too much more of that , and it will only be a very small group of zealots left who still love her .
Britain : Observer exposes police spy in the Socialist Party
By Marcus Morgan and Paul Mitchell
15 April 2010
A secret police operative , “ Officer A ” , spent years spying on the Socialist Party of England and Wales ’ predecessor organisation , the Militant group , and its youth organisation , Youth Against Racism in Europe ( YRE ) , in the mid-1990s , according to the Observer newspaper .
Officer A was part of a covert police unit known as the Special Demonstration Squad ( SDS ) , an adjunct of the secret intelligence service MI5 .
The SDS employed around 10 full - time undercover officers to infiltrate and disrupt left and anti-racist organisations from at least 1968 , when large anti-Vietnam protests erupted on the streets of London .
The Observer explains how Officer A joined the police straight from school in 1986 , where he had “ discovered an interest in political ideology and public affairs ” and developed an ambition to join the secret service .
No doubt Officer A ’s anti-communist sympathies marked him out as a suitable candidate for the intelligence services .
But his lack of university education precluded a career in the upper class environs of MI5 , and he was advised to work in Special Branch instead .
He spent his first four years working in counterterrorism in Northern Ireland , gaining valuable experience for his later role .
Officer
A ’s work in the SDS started in the early 1990s , when working class districts of London began to organise against repeated fascist attacks and a series of beatings and deaths of black people in police custody .
Anger exploded when teenager Stephen Lawrence was knifed to death in 1993 in an unprovoked attack by five white youths whilst he was waiting for a friend at a bus stop .
As Officer A admits , the state feared “ losing control ” and the SDS were sent in to “ target ” the new groups that had been formed .
Officer A was given a new identity and an apartment to live in , while he set about befriending a student anti-racism activist in YRE .
He describes how , “ You get given a file on your target that tells you everything you need to know .
You become that person ’s brother .
You know everything that makes them tick .
You know how much they like to drink , you know where they like to drink .
You know what kind of music they like , you know what kind of women they like .
You become the brother they never knew they had .
None of it is ever said to the target , it ’s far more subtle than that .
The first time they get in the car , it will be just the right kind of music playing .
The first time a redhead walks by it will be : ‘ God , I ’m really into redheads ’ .
It ’s all done fantastically cleverly ” .
For four years Officer A lived the life of a “ deep swimmer ” , completely absorbed in the life of his targets .
He became their comrade , friend or lover and admits to forming sexual relationships with two women in the group in order to obtain intelligence .
Within a short space of time Officer A had become a YRE branch secretary , where he would have known everything about the organisation ’s membership , campaign plans and finances .
As the Observer explains , “ Once inside the groups they were ordered to infiltrate , it was relatively easy for SDS officers to rise to the top , because they were often prepared to work long hours on boring , administrative jobs .
Often they tried to become membership secretaries or treasurers , where their position gave them access to the records and secret agendas that were so useful to the security services .
Often more efficient than those around them , operatives had to strike a balance to ensure they did not end up running the organisations they were trying to destroy ” .
Officer A reveals how the SDS operated totally outside the law : “ If I were a regular police officer and I wanted to plant a bug in your house or your office , I would need to get all kinds of permissions .
But the SDS can put a person in your car , in your house , in your life for 24 hours a day for five years , and nobody outside the SDS will know anything about it .
“ Unlike regular undercover officers , members of the SDS do not have to gather evidence with a view to prosecuting their targets .
This enables them to witness and even engage in criminal activity without fear of disciplinary action or compromising a subsequent court case ” .
Soon after he made contact with the YRE and his target , Officer A claims he gained his spurs as a provocateur .
What began as a small demonstration turned , with his help , into a violent attack on the police .
“ That day developed into a major ruck ” , he says .
“ At the end no one would have believed I was a police officer .
“ If anyone had accused me [ of being a police officer ] there would have been a dozen people willing to come forward and swear it was n’t true .
We were all buzzing when it was over ” , said Officer A . “ We could n’t wait for the next event .
Because of what we ’d all been through , I was accepted by them right away ” .
Officer A did n’t have to wait long .
Two weeks later , he took part in a much larger demonstration in the London suburb of Welling , outside the headquarters of the British National Party , which had also been infiltrated by the SDS .
Officer A , who had found out that the demo was going to be much larger than expected , was in “ a group of hardcore protesters ” that stormed police lines .
Dozens of protestors were injured and arrested following repeated police baton charges , and politicians and the media had a field day trying to discredit demonstrations and demanding they be banned .
The SDS had been such a “ success ” that then Metropolitan police commissioner , Sir Paul Condon , praised them personally .
Many of the current police tactics at demonstrations are derived from the Welling operation , Officer A states , including the use of “ kettling ” , whereby police corral protesters for hours at a time .
A similar tactic at the G20 demonstration last summer in London led to the death of newspaper seller Ian Tomlinson after he was brutally assaulted by a masked police officer .
The story of Officer A was revealed because he sued the Metropolitan Police and won an out of court settlement after claiming he had suffered post - traumatic stress disorder as a result of his undercover activities .
Officer A says he began to crack up when the Labour government was forced to announce an inquiry into the murder of Stephen Lawrence in July 1997 , because “ there was concern that my role within the campaigns might emerge during the inquiry ” .
However , his personal involvement in this case ( which remains unsolved ) is not elaborated on , and in the event the SDS kept quiet about his role and said nothing to the inquiry .
Officer A also claims that his ill - health developed over worries about the anti-democratic nature of his activities .
The intention of the Observer in publishing the case of Officer A is not to expose but to condone state infiltration of legal political parties .
The protestors who demanded an end to the Vietnam War are described as “ hate - filled subversives ” .
Without a shred of evidence anti-fascist activists are described as just as willing to use violence as their opponents in the BNP and other far - right groups .
The imagination of Observer journalist Tony Thompson becomes particularly fevered when he writes of Officer A , “ Week after week , year in and year out , he lived and breathed the life of a hardcore Trotskyist agitator with a passion for heavy drinking , a deep - seated hatred of the police and a predilection for extreme violence ” .
The response of the Socialist Party to this expose has been characterised by an extraordinary degree of complacency .
Lois Austin , the chair at the time of Officer A ’s infiltration , told the Observer , “ We believe there should be a public inquiry into police tactics at demonstrations .
It should be independent , not one where the police investigate themselves .
We want to know about their use of spies and whether this unit is still operational ” .
This demand is an evasion .
Officer
A ’s revelations have certainly given a glimpse of the type of surveillance , spying and destabilisation operations that are routinely carried out against the working class , civil rights organisations and any group deemed to be a threat to the interests of the ruling elite .
But specifically they have exposed a four - year infiltration of the YRE and the Militant .
The SP , therefore , has a responsibility to launch an internal inquiry into the activities of Officer A and to publish its findings .
Instead , a generalised call for an “ independent inquiry ” , to be organised by persons unspecified into “ police tactics ” is raised , coupled with a call for a struggle “ over the coming years ” for the disbandment of the SDS and other similar units and to make the police democratically accountable .
The public statements of SP leaders and the organisation itself all seek to downplay the significance of the Officer A ’s infiltration and do nothing to either illuminate or educate .
The fake identity of Officer A is known to the SP .
The SP ’s Greg Randall wrote to the Observer saying that he remembered Officer A as “ Peter ” , who had belonged to a group at Kingsway College calling itself the Revolutionary Internationalist League before joining Militant .
Current SP General Secretary Hannah Sell , who was YRE secretary in 1992 - 1996 , identifies him in a commissioned piece for the Guardian as “ Peter Daley ” .
Knowing his false identity , Officer A’s photo could and should be published , and as detailed an account as possible should be assembled of his contacts and activities .
His word on what he was involved in or with whom he collaborated cannot be taken at face value .
Instead of such basic procedures being followed , Randall merely describes Peter as a “ diffident individual who appeared unhappy in his own skin ” — who “ seems to have come out of this the worst , being misused by his police bosses , as his subsequent ill health would show .
“ One has to have some sympathy for him ” , he declares .
Randall also insists that “ Peter ” failed in his activities because , “ Our campaigns were n’t disrupted ... and did n’t end because of police infiltration ” .
An official statement by the SP , “ State infiltration — a warning to the workers ’ movement ” , similarly asserts that though Officer A argued “ for brawling with the BNP , indicating that he was attempting to play the role of provocateur ” , “ He had no effect ” .
Officer A may not have succeeded in staging a provocation on this or that occasion , but that does not detract from the fact that he was able to stay inside the YRE for four years , gathering information , names and addresses and passing on these details to his handlers .
This , in most circumstances , is the major activity of an agent .
The opportunity for more major disruption , such as creating the conditions for arrests or destabilising an organisation from within , is rarer but can not be discounted .
The SP concludes its statement with the bald assertion that “ When movements are sufficiently powerful , neither state repression or [ sic ] infiltration will stop them ” .
This superficially optimistic pronouncement is another and equally serious evasion of political responsibility .
State agents and provocateurs can have a devastating impact on an organisation , long before it becomes such a powerful and unstoppable force .
In the most important example of all , the penetration of the Fourth International by Stalinist agents cost the lives of Leon Trotsky , his son Leon Sedov and many other key leaders in the pre-war years .
In the 1960s and 1970s , literally hundreds of agents were sent into the Socialist Workers Party in the United States and a particular group came to constitute the organisation ’s central leadership and to determine its political line .
The exposure of the activities of agents such as Officer A is an elementary measure in helping to defeat ongoing efforts at police infiltration and provocations , and in educating workers and young people in an understanding of the activities of the secret state .
The authors also recommend :
The Historical and International Foundations of the Socialist Equality Party — Part 8
[ 7 October 2008 ]
WASHINGTON : In a remark that further implicates Pakistan 's domineering military in charges of supporting terrorism against India , a US lawmaker has alleged that it may be paying compensation to families of terrorists who attacked Mumbai on 26/11 .
The stunning charge came from Congressman Gary Ackerman in course of a hearing he convened on the Lashkar - e - Taiba in his capacity if chairman of a House sub-panel on South Asia on Thursday .
" There is , in fact , no reason to doubt that Pakistan 's military is likely paying compensation to the families of the terrorists killed in the Mumbai attacks , " Ackerman said in his prepared remarks at the start of the hearing .
The lawmaker did not elaborate on the charge against the Pakistani military , which if true would be extremely provocative for India at a time New Delhi is pressing Pakistan to take action against masterminds of 9/11 .
His office had not returned calls at the time of writing .
Nine of the ten Pakistani fidayeen ( suicidal ) terrorists who attacked Mumbai landmarks eventually died after killing 173 people .
A lone captured survivor Ajmal Kasab , is now on trial in Mumbai , largely disowned by Pakistan .
Ackerman ’s remark about the Pakistani military ’s complicity in terrorism was just one of several at the hearing by lawmakers and expert witnesses that repeatedly implicated country ’s army and intelligence agencies and barely stopped short of calling Pakistan a terrorist state .
The only token qualification to such characterization came from Shuja Nawaz , a Pakistani - American witness from Atlantic Council , who agreed that LeT was a ' ' Frankenstein 's monster created for the purpose of assisting the Kashmiri freedom movement ' ' but insisted it '' ended up ... with an independent agenda . ''
" Successive civil and military leaders of Pakistan supported the movement as a strategic asset to counter a powerful India ... by waging a war of " a thousand cuts " ' Nawaz , who is the brother of a former Pakistan Army chief Asif Nawaz Janjua conceded , while contending that '' Over time , however , the sponsored organization took a life of its own . ''
Broadly expressing dismay over the Obama administration ’s lackadaisical approach to the Pakistani military ’s use of terrorism , the hearing also challenged the notion that the Kashmir issue was the root cause of the problem between India and Pakistan , a proposition advanced only by Congressman Dan Burton , a long - time supporter of Pakistan .
Congressman Ackerman described the idea that resolving the Kashmir issue will end terrorism as ' ' dangerous nonsense . ''
'' The LeT 's true goal is not Kashmir , it is India .
And the LeT is not shy about announcing that its intention is to establish an Islamic state in all South Asia , '' Ackerman said .
The witnesses broadly agreed with this assessment .
" There is no doubt in my mind that we have to find ways to resolve the issues relating to Kashmir .
But I think resolving Kashmir is not going to solve the problems relating to LeT , " Ashley Tellis , senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said .
" The murder and mayhem is being conducted by groups that have absolutely no connections to Kashmir .
To my mind that is story , the fact that this is a group that has operations in 21 countries , that has an ideology that is completely anti-western , that is opposed to modernity and secularism and all the kinds of values that we take for granted .
This group is not going to be satisfied by dealing with the issue of Kashmir , " he added .
Heritage ’s Lisa Curtis challenged Congressman Dan Burton ’s proposition the terrorism problem would not be solved without resolving the future of Kashmir through a plebiscite , saying in her travels to the region she has n’t heard any support for the idea of a plebiscite and even Gen .
Musharraf had dropped the demand in favor of more forward - looking solutions .
NSA whistleblower Russell Tice was back on Keith Olbermann 's MSNBC program Thursday evening to expand on his Wednesday revelations that the National Security Agency spied on individual U.S. journalists , entire U.S. news agencies as well as " tens of thousands " of other Americans .
Tice said on Wednesday that the NSA had vacuumed in all domestic communications of Americans , including , faxes , phone calls and network traffic .
Today
Tice said that the spy agency also combined information from phone wiretaps with data that was mined from credit card and other financial records .
He said information of tens of thousands of U.S. citizens is now in digital databases warehoused at the NSA .
" This [ information ] could sit there for ten years and then potentially it marries up with something else and ten years from now they get put on a no - fly list and they , of course , wo n't have a clue why , " Tice said .
In most cases , the person would have no discernible link to terrorist organizations that would justify the initial data mining or their inclusion in the database .
" This is garnered from algorithms that have been put together to try to just dream - up scenarios that might be information that is associated with how a terrorist could operate , " Tice said .
" And once that information gets to the NSA , and they start to put it through the filters there . . . and they start looking for word - recognition , if someone just talked about the daily news and mentioned something about the Middle East they could easily be brought to the forefront of having that little flag put by their name that says ' potential terrorist ' . "
The revelation that the NSA was involved in data mining is n't new .
The infamous 2004 hospital showdown between then - White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales and Deputy Attorney General James Comey over the legality of a government surveillance program involved the data mining of massive databases , according to a 2007 New York Times article .
But there was always a slight possibility , despite the suspicions of many critics , that the NSA 's data mining involved only people who were legitimately suspected of connections to terrorists overseas , as the Bush Administration staunchly maintained about its domestic phone wiretapping program .
“ There ’s no spying on Americans , ” former Director of National Intelligence Mike McConnell insisted to the New Yorker last year .
But Tice 's assertions this week contradict these claims .
With regard to the surveillance of journalists ,
Tice would n't disclose the names of the specific reporters or media outlets he targeted when he worked as an analyst for the NSA but said in the part of the program he covered , " everyone was collected . "
" They sucked in everybody and at some point they may have cherry - picked from what they had , but I was n't aware of who got cherry - picked out of the big pot , " he said .
The purpose , he was told , was to eliminate journalists from possible suspicion so that the NSA could focus on those who merited further surveillance .
But Tice said on Wednesday that the data on journalists was collected round - the - clock , year - round , suggesting there was never an intent to eliminate anyone from the surveillance .
New York Times reporter James Risen , who co-authored that paper 's 2005 story on the warrantless wiretapping program with colleague Eric Lichtblau , suspects he could have been among those monitored , because Bush Administration officials obtained copies of his phone records , which they showed to a federal grand jury .
The grand jury is investigating leaked information that appeared in Risen 's 2006 book State of War about a CIA program , codenamed Operation Merlin , to infiltrate and destabilize Iran 's nuclear program .
Risen does n't know if his records were obtained by the FBI with a legitimate warrant or through the NSA program that Tice described .
Risen told Olbermann that the NSA program to monitor journalists was likely intended to be used to ferret out and intimidate possible sources " to have a chilling effect on potential whistleblowers in the government to make them realize that there 's a Big Brother out there that will get them if they step out of line . "
Who else might have been among those targeted by the NSA ?
Senator Jay Rockefeller ( D - West Virginia ) said , in a separate interview , that he could very well have been targeted , too .
Rockefeller was speaking to MSNBC host Chris Matthews and gave a cryptic reply when Matthews asked him what he thought about Tice 's spying allegations ( see 4:14 in the video below ) .
" I 'm quite prepared to believe it , " Rockefeller said .
" I mean , I think they went after anybody they could get .
Including me . "
Matthews replied , " They did n't eavesdrop on you , did they Senator ? "
" No , " Rockefeller said shaking his head , " and they sent me no letters . "
If Rockefeller were among those who were spied on , it would be very ironic , since he was instrumental in helping the Bush Administration obtain retroactive immunity for the telecommunications companies that are accused of aiding the Administration in its warrantless surveillance program .
See Also :
While we focus on the iPad - Kindle war , another Kindle rival may have quietly eclipsed it .
Barnes & Noble 's Nook outsold the Kindle in March , according to DigiTimes research .
DigiTimes researcher Mingchi Kuo based his report on " figures from upstream suppliers as indicating that the nook accounted for 53 % of e-book readers shipped to US vendors last month . "
DigiTimes attributes
Nook 's success to its being a newer product and being available in retail stores .
If this report is accurate , it helps explain Amazon 's move to start selling Kindles in Target , where people will be able to get hands - on with the products .
It 's also another sign that the Kindle is due for a refresh .
In Amazon 's last earnings report , it said the Kindle was its best selling product for the quarter .
See Also : 10 Obvious Things Amazon's Next Kindle Will Do To Compete With The iPad
I was recently asked to convert one of my existing original WordPress themes to a Tumblr theme .
As far as I know , there is no quick and easy way to do this - and comparing the WordPress template tags and the Tumblr theme code convinced me of one thing : I was going to have to rebuild the theme from scratch .
At first , the task seemed daunting .
Tumblr ’s variables - from “ block ”s to “ PortraitURL ” s - were completely alien to me .
Then I thought back to when I first looked at WordPress code , how confused I was at the time , and how comfortable I am with it today .
And just like that - no more fear !
Tumblr ’s code was just something I ’d just have to learn .
Here are some steps to get started designing your own Tumblr themes :
Start at the Tumblr how - to page .
Read and bookmark this page ; it ’ll become your best friend throughout this process .
At the same time , make sure you …
Spend some time at the Tumblr Theme Garden .
It ’s important to know exactly what you can do with a Tumblr theme , and one of the best ways to do this is to look through their official theme repository .
Each theme listed here has a Preview button , so you can get a feel of how it works at a generic level .
Start your own Tumblr blog .
If you do n’t have a Tumblr blog already , I strongly suggest signing up for one ( it ’s free ) .
You can use this for testing , and who knows - you might just like it enough to use it “ for real ” .
Download existing Tumblr themes to take apart .
It ’s how most of us got started coding in the first place : take something existing , take it apart , and study how it works .
It is n’t possible to download themes at the Theme Garden , but there are some generous souls out there who have made their custom themes available for download .
Check out DigitalThom , Franklin Street , or Munich .
Make your Tumblr theme customizable .
Everybody wants options , and it ’s actually quite simple to enable customization in a Tumblr theme .
For example , adding the { CustomCSS} variable will allow users of your theme to do some visual tweaking without having to touch your markup .
For more ways to add customization options , see the guide on Tumblr .
Do you design Tumblr themes ?
Google knows it needs to compete with Apple , Amazon , and Netflix on content .
That ’s why they ’re digitizing libraries .
But considering Google also owns the world ’s largest streaming video site , they ’ve stayed remarkably quiet while Amazon , Apple , Netflix , and Hulu have begun to figure out how to make boatloads of money off video content .
Google ’s plans with this are n’t clear at all , but they ’re definitely dipping a toe into the water of media content .
And , going by this photo ( taken by our own Tyler Gray on the streets of New York City ) , their promotion may consist entirely of one popcorn cart and a few T - shirts .
Back in January , YouTube began offering five movies for rent as part of a partnership with the Sundance Film Festival .
The five movies –The Cove , Bass Ackwards , One Too Many Mornings , Homewrecker , and Children of Invention–are selections from the 2009 and 2010 Sundance lineup .
But they ’ve now expanded that to a larger selection of mostly indie and foreign fare , including many recognizable titles ( Precious , Reservoir Dogs , Rodger Dodger , Kicking and Screaming ( Baumbach , not Ferrell ) , and many more ) .
There are also a few TV shows , but nothing particularly interesting ( mostly educational stuff and 32 episodes of something called “ Bikini Travels ” ) .
The prices of rentals vary between $ 1 and $ 4 , with few exceptions , and are available for 48 hours after purchase .
Some movies are only available for a limited period of time –
The Cove , for example , is only available through May 8th .
You pay through Google Checkout , which is pretty convenient , and since it ’s YouTube , you can view the movies on pretty much any device .
Of course , there are also a boatload of easy , one - click ripping tools for YouTube ( including extensions for Firefox and Chrome ) , which might explain the hesitance of the major studios –there are no Big Four movies available .
So what is Google ’s aim here ?
They have the capabilities to compete with Hulu and Netflix–Apple and Amazon are in the downloaded rental business , which is a little different–but they ’ll have to get major movie studios on board before YouTube rentals become preferable to either .
Some legit TV shows would n’t hurt , either–they can put as many ads in as they want , I ’ll still watch Parks and Recreation on my smartphone if they can get it .
Dan Nosowitz , the author of this post , can be followed on Twitter , corresponded with via email , and stalked in San Francisco ( no link for that one – you ’ll have to do the legwork yourself ) .
The national political furor over Arizona 's tough new immigration law likely has jeopardized Phoenix 's chances of landing either the Democratic or Republican conventions .
Before the controversy , Phoenix had made the short lists of both the Democratic and the Republican national committees .
Officially , neither national party has indicated that Arizona 's immigration stance is playing a role in site deliberations , but they are coming under pressure to stay away from the state .
" DNC better not even THINK about it , " Markos Moulitsas , liberal founder of the influential Daily Kos , a political blog , wrote Monday on Twitter .
St. Paul , Minn. , Mayor Chris Coleman , whose city hosted the 2008 GOP convention , earlier this week said that he would write the national Republican and Democratic chairmen to encourage them to dump Phoenix as a possible site .
They are not the only groups to come under fire since Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer signed the law on April 23 , igniting calls for boycotts of the state .
The Arizona Hotel and Lodging Association said Friday that 19 meetings representing 15,000 room nights have been canceled because of the immigration law .
The law makes it a state crime to be in Arizona illegally and requires police and other law - enforcement agents to check documents of people they reasonably suspect to be illegal .
It also has led to calls for the relocation of the 2011 Major League Baseball All - Star Game and the college Bowl Championship Series title game , as well as other big conventions and conferences .
A coalition of Arizona - based civil - rights organizations launched a website to track boycott progress , called ArizonaBoycottClearinghouse.com .
The site includes an online petition urging baseball Commissioner Bud Selig to move the All - Star Game scheduled to be played next year at Chase Field .
Democratic National Committee officials said they are not speaking publicly about the site - selection process , but a Phoenix official confirmed they had representatives in town for their first official tour of the city on Thursday , a day marked by high - profile visits from music stars Shakira and Linda Ronstadt and the filing of the first three lawsuits challenging the immigration bill .
RNC spokesman Jahan Wilcox said , " This bill has not been part of our discussion regarding the convention . "
On Friday , David Krietor , Phoenix deputy city manager , said that city officials had conversations with both national parties within the previous 24 hours but that the topic of immigration did n't come up with him .
Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon said he tried to point out that the city is the epicenter of a new civil - rights movement and encouraged them not to see the city in a negative light .
" I 've got to think that 's going to be a challenging issue to overcome with ( the Democrats ) , " Krietor said .
The Republican National Committee is further along in its consideration .
Phoenix is one of three finalist cities , along with Salt Lake City and Tampa .
A decision is expected sometime around May 12 or 14 , Krietor said .
The RNC did n't bring up any concerns about the new immigration law in its most recent discussions with the city , officials said .
Most of the questions focused on technical logistics of the city 's bid , including transportation and parking issues .
But other political observers predicted that the parties wo n't be able ignore the fallout from the heated immigration debate .
" Unless the current law is substantially changed or dropped , there 's no chance of a Democratic convention there , and my guess is the Republicans will avoid that controversy , too , " said Larry Sabato , director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia .
" It probably puts the kibosh on both party conventions . "
The 2008 political convention where Barack Obama accepted the Democratic nomination for president generated $ 266 million in economic spending in the Denver region .
The two biggest pieces of business headed to Phoenix next year are the All - Star Game and the National League of Cities Conference , Krietor said .
So far , neither organization has signaled an interest in discussing the immigration bill , he said .
However , the city is in imminent danger of losing " tens , if not hundreds of millions of dollars " in business and has created a short list of roughly half - a- dozen booked conventions that they deem " vulnerable , " Krietor said .
The conventions include three large events booked at the Phoenix Convention Center and two events at the city - owned Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotel .
All are scheduled to be held between 2011 and 2015 , but the city has received calls from representatives of the groups , suggesting that they may pull out because their members do n't want to come to Phoenix , Krietor said .
" This is really an economic - development nightmare for us , " Krietor said .
" We are getting trashed in the national media .
The problem is the perception that people outside of Arizona have . "
On Friday , the National Urban League issued a scathing rebuke of the city , saying it was immediately suspending consideration of Phoenix 's bid to host its 2012 annual conference .
Marc H. Morial , the league 's president and CEO , called the immigration law " repugnant " and compared it to South Africa 's apartheid - era " pass card " law .
" We will not consider holding our conference anywhere in the state as long as this unfortunate law remains in effect , " he said .
Bill Hancock , BCS executive director , declined to directly answer whether there have been discussions to postpone or revoke the BCS title game at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale next year .
" The BCS ' focus is on sports .
We will leave the politics of Arizona to others , " Hancock said .
" That is about all I want to say . "
In an interview Friday morning with Channel 12 News ( KPNX ) , Brewer again called the boycott threats " unfortunate " and criticized bill opponents for encouraging " hysteria . "
" I think they should call for boycotting drugs , from all the drugs that are coming into Arizona , " Brewer said , referring to the state 's porous border with Mexico , adding that the people calling for boycotts are only going to hurt the legal residents who live and work here .
Republic reporters Russ Wiles , Craig Harris and Peter Corbett contributed to this article .
With all the anxiety about the move , my brain flipped a switch , and I went from sleeping all the time to being utterly lost in sleeplessness .
In exhaustion , my memory faltered .
Black holes gaped open before me as I spoke ; in the middle of a sentence I groped zanily for safe passage to the next word .
During the moments of sleep that I could snatch , I had vivid , disturbing dreams .
I was being born — I was blinded by a bright light — and seconds later I was dying .
I was reaching for the telephone to call an ambulance but could n’t remember which number to dial : 411 ?
911 ? 411 ? 911 ? 411 ? 911 ?
What did I need ?
Help ?
Information ?
I turned to the wisdom of the ancients .
I went to Ovid , where women run from rapacious gods , and Dante , where women writhe in purgatory , and Homer , where women unravel their work , and finally I pulled off the shelf the old black leather - clad King James Version of the Bible I was given in high school .
I read feverishly from cover to cover .
I had forgotten how much of it is about fear — over and over again , the response to change , even to the miraculous , is fear .
I was fighting fear .
And what was I so afraid of ?
Being alone with myself long enough to wonder what is the purpose of my life ?
I turned most frequently to the Psalms , whose gorgeous , intricate , sensual prayers blanketed me in wonder .
There I found my anthem for that year , the most eloquent expression of grief I ever read : “ I am poured out like water , and all my bones are out of joint : my heart is like wax ; it is melted in the midst of my bowels . ”
One night , at four in the morning , in a panic of sleeplessness , I went to my piano and on impulse pulled an old volume of music off the shelf , J. S. Bach ’s “ Goldberg ” Variations .
I picked my way through the first aria , which has a quiet , dignified , spare quality .
It is elegant , contained ; it holds much in reserve .
The music did nothing for my sleeplessness ; if anything , within hours I was more completely , wonderfully awake than I had been in a long time .
Unexpectedly , I felt a peace suffuse my bones as I lost myself in Bach ’s lines .
My own anxieties were no longer drumming through my brain ; my mind , that hobbled old draft horse , stopped loping along in the same rut it followed night after night .
It was locking into someone else ’s harmony .
Bach has become a nightly visitor .
I am obsessed with him : his musical tricks , jokes and puns ; his charismatic energy and passion ; his resilience through tragedy ; his rigorous discipline ; his bedrock belief in a force greater than anything human .
I have to teach myself , all over again , how to practice , how to silence the critic in my head .
I have to remind myself that the repeats matter , that respect for the rests is important .
What my fingers lack in speed , my heart makes up in feeling .
If I have to , I will crawl through sarabandes and quadrilles , letting the dance fill my soul .
Slowly , slowly , the months go by , each one a variation transposing loss , loneliness and anger to gratitude and hope .
I no longer dread the advent of another rosy dawn .
As I stop struggling so with fear and simply accept the slow tempo of my days , all those inner resources start kicking in — those soul - saving habits of playfulness , most of all : reading , thinking , listening , feeling my body move through the world , noticing the small beauty in every single day .
I watch the worms , watch the hawks , watch the fox , watch the rabbits .
I open my heart to new friends .
I settle into my new home ; its healing balm has been there all along , nestled in a sofa that beckons me to pick up a book , hovering outside the window inviting me to take a walk .
I find room in my life again for love of the world , let the quiet of solitary moments steal over me , give myself over to joy .
What a surprise !
That I can cook a meal for my children , or take a long walk on the beach , or watch an osprey wheel through the sky , or set down a page of thoughts — these are moments of grace .
Old Testament loving - kindness , the stuff of everyday life .
Far from permitting myself to derive it from the first source that came to hand , I did not even trust my own impressions .. .
Thucydides
The best of the best :
My work at CounterPunch
And a few more I like :
IMAGINE that the world consists of 20 men and 20 women , all of them heterosexual and in search of a mate .
Since the numbers are even , everyone can find a partner .
But what happens if you take away one man ?
You might not think this would make much difference .
You would be wrong , argues Tim Harford , a British economist , in a book called “ The Logic of Life ” .
With 20 women pursuing 19 men , one woman faces the prospect of spinsterhood .
So she ups her game .
Perhaps she dresses more seductively .
Perhaps she makes an extra effort to be obliging .
Somehow or other , she “ steals ” a man from one of her fellow women .
That newly single woman then ups her game , too , to steal a man from someone else .
A chain reaction ensues .
Before long , every woman has to try harder , and every man can relax a little .
Real life is more complicated , of course , but this simple model illustrates an important truth .
In the marriage market , numbers matter .
And among African - Americans , the disparity is much worse than in Mr Harford 's imaginary example .
Between the ages of 20 and 29 , one black man in nine is behind bars .
For black women of the same age , the figure is about one in 150 .
For obvious reasons , convicts are excluded from the dating pool .
And many women also steer clear of ex-cons , which makes a big difference when one young black man in three can expect to be locked up at some point .
Removing so many men from the marriage market has profound consequences .
As incarceration rates exploded between 1970 and 2007 , the proportion of US - born black women aged 30 - 44 who were married plunged from 62 % to 33 % .
Why this happened is complex and furiously debated .
The era of mass imprisonment began as traditional mores were already crumbling , following the sexual revolution of the 1960s and the invention of the contraceptive pill .
It also coincided with greater opportunities for women in the workplace .
These factors must surely have had something to do with the decline of marriage .
But jail is a big part of the problem , argue Kerwin Kofi Charles , now at the University of Chicago , and Ming Ching Luoh of National Taiwan University .
They divided America up into geographical and racial “ marriage markets ” , to take account of the fact that most people marry someone of the same race who lives relatively close to them .
Then , after crunching the census numbers , they found that a one percentage point increase in the male incarceration rate was associated with a 2.4 - point reduction in the proportion of women who ever marry .
Could it be , however , that mass incarceration is a symptom of increasing social dysfunction , and that it was this social dysfunction that caused marriage to wither ?
Probably not .
For similar crimes , America imposes much harsher penalties than other rich countries .
Mr Charles and Mr Luoh controlled for crime rates , as a proxy for social dysfunction , and found that it made no difference to their results .
They concluded that “ higher male imprisonment has lowered the likelihood that women marry … and caused a shift in the gains from marriage away from women and towards men . ”
Learning and earning
Similar problems afflict working - class whites , but they are more concentrated among blacks .
Some 70 % of black babies are born out of wedlock .
The collapse of the traditional family has made black Americans far poorer and lonelier than they would otherwise have been .
The least - educated black women suffer the most .
In 2007 only 11 % of US - born black women aged 30 - 44 without a high school diploma had a working spouse , according to the Pew Research Centre .
Their college - educated sisters fare better , but are still affected by the sex imbalance .
Because most seek husbands of the same race — 96 % of married black women are married to black men — they are ultimately fishing in the same pool .
Black women tend to stay in school longer than black men .
Looking only at the non-incarcerated population , black women are 40 % more likely to go to college .
They are also more likely than white women to seek work .
One reason why so many black women strive so hard is because they do not expect to split the household bills with a male provider .
And the educational disparity creates its own tensions .
If you are a college - educated black woman with a good job and you wish to marry a black man who is your socioeconomic equal , the odds are not good .
“ I thought I was a catch , ” sighs an attractive black female doctor at a hospital in Washington , DC .
Black men with good jobs know they are “ a hot commodity ” , she observes .
When there are six women chasing one man , “ It 's like , what are you going to do extra , to get his attention ? ”
Some women offer sex on the first date , she says , which makes life harder for those who prefer to combine romance with commitment .
She complains about a recent boyfriend , an electrician whom she had been dating for about six months , whose phone started ringing late at night .
It turned out to be his other girlfriend .
Pressed , he said he did n't realise the relationship was meant to be exclusive .
The skewed sex ratio “ puts black women in an awful spot , ” says Audrey Chapman , a relationship counsellor and the author of several books with titles such as “ Getting Good Loving ” .
Her advice to single black women is pragmatic : love yourself , communicate better and so on .
She says that many black men and women , having been brought up by single mothers , are unsure what role a man should play in the home .
The women expect to be in charge ; the men sometimes resent this .
Nisa Muhammad of the Wedded Bliss Foundation , a pro-marriage group , urges her college - educated sisters to consider marrying honourable blue - collar workers , such as the postman .
But the simplest way to help the black family would be to lock up fewer black men for non-violent offences .
Economist.com/blogs/lexington
Roberto Luongo only faced 22 shots last night , but he allowed three weak goals and the Canucks lost .
Sound familiar ?
How about March 16 against the Islanders , where he allowed four goals on 12 shots ?
Or January 13 against Minnesota ( five goals , 19 shots ) or January 30 against Toronto ( three goals , 8 shots ) ?
Luongo has been pulled eight times this season .
Once was against Chicago .
The other seven were against teams headed to the golf course when the season ends : the Islanders , Minnesota ( twice ) , Toronto , St. Louis , Columbus , and Calgary .
Do Luongo ’s legs fall asleep when he does n’t face enough shots ?
Compare his save percentage in games grouped by the number of shots he faced .
No. of shots ( weighted ) * GP SA GA Save % Under 20 5 80 10 0.875 20-24 12 257 32 0.875 25-29 18 451 53 0.905 30-34 16 518 31 0.940 35-39 5 192 7 0.964 40 and over 6 227 23 0.899
( Full dataset here . )
As we suspected , Luongo is dismal when he faces under 25 shots , and only average when he faces under 30 shots .
His sweet spot is 30 to 39 shots .
Three of his four shutouts came in those 21 games , and he ’s got an impressive .947 SV % , crushing Ryan Miller ’s league - leading .929 .
In fact , Luongo has n’t played a single bad game this season when facing that many shots .
The worst he did was to surrender 4 goals to the Sharks on November 29 , the second of back - to - back games .
( Compare that to six games allowing 4 or more goals this season when facing under 30 shots . )
The stats confirm what we all knew : the busier Luongo is , the better he plays .
He slides down to 0.899 SV % when facing 40 or more shots , though , so it would be rash to promote Andrew Alberts and Shane O’Brien to the number one pairing .
But there may be one tip for Alain Vigneault : put Andrew Raycroft in net against the crappy teams .
He could hardly have done worse last night against the Oilers than did Luongo .
* Shots are weighted to 60 minutes .
For example , if Luongo was pulled after the first period for allowing 5 goals on 14 shots ( as he was against Chicago on March 5 ) , I averaged that out over 60 minutes and recorded that as a 42 - shot game .
Top 10 Atheism Quotes
There are hundreds of great atheism quotes out there .
Like most skillful turns of phrase , they all sound good .
But there are many I disagree with , for example “ All thinking men are atheists ” ( Ernest Hemmingway ) .
Or consider this Julian Baggini quote : “ Goblins , hobbits … truly everlasting gobstoppers …
God is just one of the things that atheists do n’t believe in , it just happens to be the thing that , for historical reasons , gave them their name . ”
Actually , no .
Perhaps we could say that God is just one of many things that naturalists do n’t believe in , or something like that , but atheism is defined only by a lack of belief in gods .
There are hundreds of other atheism quotes to choose from , but these are the ones that strike me most deeply right now .
My 10 favorite atheism quotes
When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why I dismiss yours .
Stephen Roberts
When I was a kid I had an imaginary friend and I used to think that he went everywhere with me , and that I could talk to him and that he could hear me , and that he could grant me wishes and stuff .
And then I grew up , and I stopped going to church .
Jimmy Carr
Believe nothing ,
No matter where you read it ,
Or who has said it ,
Not even if I have said it ,
Unless it agrees with your own reason
And your own common sense .
Buddha
To understand via the heart is not to understand .
Michel de Montaigne
I do n’t know if God exists , but it would be better for His reputation if He did n’t .
Jules Renard
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day ; teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime ; give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish .
Anonymous
Do not pass by my epitaph , traveler .
But having stopped , listen and learn , then go your way .
There is no boat in Hades , no ferryman Charon ,
No caretaker Aiakos , no dog Cerberus .
All we who are dead below
Have become bones and ashes , but nothing else .
I have spoken to you honestly , go on , traveler ,
Lest even while dead I seem talkative to you .
Ancient Roman tombstone
An atheist does n’t have to be someone who thinks he has a proof that there ca n’t be a god .
He only has to be someone who believes that the evidence on the God question is at a similar level to the evidence on the werewolf question .
John McCarthy
Men never commit evil so fully and joyfully as when they do it for religious convictions .
Blaise Pascal
Religion is regarded by the common people as true , by the wise as false , and by rulers as useful .
Anonymous
Microsoft can move beyond Windows .
It was n't that long ago that Microsoft thought the UI for other devices and platforms needed to mimic Windows .
Windows CE devices all had tiny start menus and task bars which were totally unusable in a small form factor .
The result were clunky devices trying to replicate a desktop experience designed for a large screen with input from a mouse and keyboard .
One of the reasons that Windows 7 slate PCs look so un-interesting is that Windows 7 just was n't designed with those devices in mind .
The net result is that Microsoft appears to be designing and optimizing for the form factor .
We 've seen this before with Surface and the beginnings of a new design with Windows Phone 7 .
If Microsoft can make the Courier experience familiar enough that consumers can embrace it while optimizing for the dual displays and pen we could see a nice breakthrough in next generation UI .
As appliance computing becomes more common , users will need both the ability to consume as well as create and interact .
The Courier UI shows a lot of interaction between the user and the device for content creation .
While designers are the example shown , Courier appears optimized for researching , note taking , journaling and other tasks that might require a combination of different media types interacting .
As appliance computing becomes more common , users will need both the ability to consume as well as create and interact .
Courier shows some new thought and how we might evolve beyond mouse and keyboard while still able to create and design .
The Courier video is impressive not only for technology it showcases but the thinking behind it .
UI enhancements such as the " book spine " that holds content placed on the clipboard and the integration of connected content show some out - of - the - box thinking that 's refreshing to see from Redmond -- it 's cool that Microsoft is thinking about life beyond Windows and what it might look like .
I 'm personally hoping that there 's more than just some conceptual animation and Microsoft is able to turn this set of ideas into a real product offering .
Michael Gartenberg is a partner at Altimeter Group .
His weblog can be found at gartenblog.
net .
Contact him at gartenberg AT gmail DOT com .
Views expressed here are his own .
Ekaterina Gerasimova has piercing blue eyes , an innocent girl - next - door face , and likes to do a little amateur modelling .
But if her " victims " are to be believed , she is the Kremlin 's most effective secret agent and a latter - day Mata Hari .
Her mission , it is claimed , is to discredit prominent Kremlin critics by luring them into compromising situations using vintage KGB honey trap techniques .
Offering her own body , sex , and drugs from cocaine to marijuana as an inducement , " Katya " as she is usually known has tried and often succeeded in bedding at least half a dozen high - profile Kremlin critics .
The reputational damage she has inflicted has varied from serious to negligible depending on her victim 's marital status and response .
Her latest victim was Viktor Shenderovich , a journalist and the script writer on Russia 's now defunct version of the Spitting Image TV satire .
Mr Shenderovich , who is married and has a daughter , admits that he slept with Ms Gerasimova but claims he was set up by the Kremlin .
Though he has tried to laugh the incident off , his credibility as an authoritative critic of Vladimir Putin , the prime minister , appears to have been at least partly dented by the sting and his marriage is now reportedly in trouble .
The editor of Russian Newsweek magazine also fell under Ms Gerasimova 's spell and was filmed in his underpants chopping up what looked like cocaine after having sex with her .
A clutch of anti-Kremlin opposition figures and activists including a man who looked like the leader of the radical National Bolshevik Party have also been caught in flagrante delicto with the twentysomething model .
But unlike Soviet times when the secret service used compromising material or ' compromat ' as it was known to blackmail , Ms Gerasimova 's exploits have been widely publicised in grainy and heavily edited videos on the internet .
The videos are often accompanied by mocking music and subtitles .
It has taken a few weeks for her victims to realise that they have all been set up by one and the same girl .
Yet little is known about Ms Gerasimova beyond that she registered for an online modelling agency that supplied pretty girls for ad campaigns , trade exhibitions and fashion shoots .
Pictures of her show a brunette posing in her underwear wearing pink nail varnish and a broad smile .
Nicknamed ' Moo - Moo ' after the surname she appears to have given herself on a social networking site , victims say she used different first names , had different cover stories , and was highly persistent in her advances .
Some of the victims say they knew something was wrong when she suddenly produced drugs or , in one case , asked a young opposition leader to join her and a female friend in experimenting with a large selection of sex toys .
The politician , Ilya Yashin , said he got up and left at that point after asking her whether they were being filmed .
Katya herself appears to have disappeared into the ether but at least one other prominent Kremlin critic has already warned that he expects a similar video featuring himself and Katya to hit the internet soon .
Telegraph.co.uk
Yuta Onoda has recently updated his website with a new illustration for PLANSPONSOR Magazine .
Please visit his blog for the latest updates .
yutaonoda
Yuta Onoda , originally from Japan , is an illustrator / painter based in Toronto , Canada .
He has been shaping his art aesthetic through various forms of media , finding new avenues to express himself .
America 's dwindling honey bee population has been badly hit by the bitter winter , the harshest in decades , with experts warning that winter losses could be as high as 50 percent .
Beekeepers normally lose around 10 percent of their colonies during the wintertime , when food stores are low and bees are confined to the hive .
But preliminary estimates indicate that this year , losses will be between 30 to 50 percent , said David Mendes , president of the American Beekeeping Federation .
" There are a lot of beekeepers who are in trouble " he said .
" Under normal condition you have 10 percent winter losses .. this year there are 30 , 40 to 50 percent losses . "
Your Nutrition and Hydration on the Gallery Scene , brought to you by The Worst of Perth .
I knew instantly that I had made a rookie mistake .
How could I have been caught on the wrong side of the gallery when the speeches started !?
Especially in the pleasant Stala Contemporary Gallery , where the space is severely divided into two sections .
We felt like troops in the Stalingrad Cauldron , wondering whether we could escape through the eye of the needle before Zhukov brutally crushed the apex of the salient .
The bar , visible , shimmering in the distance and the escape door might as well have been in Berlin .
I have drawn up a rough map to explain the situation we were in .
However , you have to hand it to gallery owner Sherri .
A three artist opening night – a situation which could have easily have degenerated into 45 minutes of speeches – and would have at many other galleries , was over in barely 5 minutes .
Succinct and to the point .
Perhaps she was aware of the plight of those trapped on the far side of the dividers , but in any case , kudos .
Brilliantly done .
The free piss situation was excellent as usual here .
Nice wine with quite a choice of genres ( ouvres ? )
Even a chilled Rose for that hot , hot night .
I ’ve wondered about their snack policy for some time though .
I ’m not sure about this open bowl “ grabbing a handful ” , situation .
For one , it is hard to “ grab ” cut strawberries .
Secondly , speaking as an artist myself , it ’s no secret that we – and our culture vulture associates , are not the world ’s most fastidious hand washers .
It ’s part of our creative spirit not to constrained by normal restrictive conventions of ablutions and personal hygeine .
That ’s mostly why we became artists in many cases tbh .
Do you think Picasso went near washbasin one between dunny and the communal bowl of Patatas Bravas ?
No .
Of course not .
It would have been ridiculous .
So although I love the bowls , – and I think once they marvellously provided one full of jelly snakes , I think , under the circumstances , a more “ tong based ” regime would be the way to go .
But it still warranted a very good 4 stars .
A PARTY HAT FOR SAINT DENIS ’ – Dr. Matthew Jackson ( Gallery A ) SYNCHRONICITIES ‘ – Sue Leeming and Britt Mikkelsen ( Gallery B )
13 November to 6th December 2019
A BIG export - oriented economy is booming but its trading partners are livid .
Year after year , they point out , it runs large current - account surpluses .
The country regards itself as an export powerhouse whose goods are prized abroad .
Others castigate it for mercantilism .
Some argue that it subsidises its exports unfairly by giving exporters credit at cheap rates and by keeping its currency artificially undervalued .
Pressure builds on the country to revalue its currency and boost domestic consumption , which makes up an unusually small share of its GDP .
Today this description makes you think of China , or perhaps Germany .
But as research published in the IMF 's latest “ World Economic Outlook ” makes clear , plenty of other countries have been in a similar situation : Japan in the early 1970s , West Germany in the late 1960s , and South Korea , Japan or Vietnam in the years leading up to 1988 .
The Chinese current - account surplus in 2008 was 21 % of the combined total for surplus countries .
Germany in 1967 and Japan in 1971 both had a fifth of the world 's total surplus , too .
Today 's surplus countries can take some comfort from the fact that they are not historical anomalies .
That these surplus economies of the past resemble China or Germany today is not the only reason they are interesting .
It turns out that they also did much as these countries are now being exhorted to do , altering their economic policies to reverse their persistent surpluses .
Some relied in the first instance on allowing their exchange rate to appreciate , as America would like China to do ( though fiscal or monetary adjustments often followed ) .
Others turned to fiscal and monetary stimulus to boost domestic demand , a policy Germany is now being urged to follow by some of its euro - zone peers .
Yet others used labour - market or financial - sector reform to boost domestic demand .
By poring over countries ' current - account statistics and changes in economic policy , IMF economists have identified 28 instances of such “ policy - induced surplus reversals ” over the past half - century .
They then examined those episodes for clues about the possible impact of similar moves by today 's surplus countries .
Less may be more
Changing course certainly worked as far as restoring external balance was concerned .
On average , the surplus narrowed by 5.1 percentage points of GDP .
The contribution of net exports to GDP growth fell by 1.6 percentage points , mainly because imports increased sharply whereas exports were on average unchanged .
Oddly enough , however , shifting out of surplus did not affect growth appreciably in either direction ( see chart ) .
The IMF economists reckon that it was a few tenths of a percentage point higher in the three years after countries started tackling their surpluses than in the three preceding years , but this difference is so small that it is well within the statistical margin of error .
That is because increased contributions to growth from private consumption and investment , which boosted expansion by an additional 1.0 and 0.7 percentage points respectively , were enough to offset the declining contribution of net exports .
Economic growth simply came from different sources .
Foreign demand was replaced by local demand .
Likewise , fewer workers were employed in the parts of the economy that produced goods for sale abroad , but just as many more found work making things that were consumed within the country 's borders .
On average , there was “ full rebalancing ” .
All this might suggest that China has little to fear from a revaluation of the yuan .
But that conclusion is slightly tempered by another of the fund 's findings .
Countries that engineered a reversal primarily by revaluing their currency fared differently from those that relied on fiscal or monetary stimulus .
Growth declined in the former case and rose slightly in the latter .
Once again , neither effect was large enough that it lay outside the margin of error .
But the economists find that , all else being equal , a 10 % appreciation in the exchange rate reduces GDP growth by around one percentage point .
Given actual exchange - rate movements , the IMF reckons that if the only thing surplus countries had done was to let their currencies rise , then growth might have ended up declining by between two and four percentage points .
Countries do not , however , tend to rely on only one tool to get rid of their surpluses .
That the declines were much smaller on average was because the effects of the appreciation were offset by demand - boosting fiscal , monetary and structural policies .
For instance , South Korea and Taiwan in the 1980s , which are two of the surplus countries of the past that look most like China today , also significantly liberalised their domestic financial sectors when they let their currencies rise .
In some countries that had exchange - rate appreciations exports moved up the value chain : this also helped .
These countries did not so much export less after they revalued as export different , more expensive things .
But they saved less and consumed and imported more , contributing more to global demand .
A separate analysis , published as part of the Asian Development Bank's ( ADB ) latest “ Asian Development Outlook ” , also indicates that Asia 's exports may be less sensitive to exchange - rate movements than a study of history may suggest .
This is because many production processes are now separated into stages that are carried out in different countries .
This means that a greater share of Asian trade — 32 % of exports from Asia 's developing economies in 2007 , up from 13 % in 1992 — is now made up of trade in parts and components .
The ADB 's economists find that trade in parts is much less sensitive to changes in the real exchange rate than trade in finished products .
If China revalues , it may need to worry even less about a collapse in its exports than past experience implies .
There are , in any case , other benefits to reducing current - account surpluses than just satisfying miffed trading partners .
In many cases of past rebalancing , an undervalued exchange rate also led to excessive growth in money supply , making it harder to tame inflation .
The desire to regain control over monetary policy was one of the reasons South Korea let the won rise in 1989 and Taiwan allowed its currency to appreciate in 1988 .
If China revalues the yuan in 2010 it may be for similar reasons .
Over the weekend I uploaded a preview of OpenVocab 2 for public testing and feedback .
This is a complete rewrite and introduces a number of new features :
Support for OpenID - all changes must be verified by logging in with OpenID ( this should help with the spam problem )
Atom feeds for changes ( all changes and per term )
Detailed views of each change
Users can recommend terms for deletion and for promotion to a more stable status ( I , as superuser , can delete terms )
The design is simpler and cleaner ( I'm using Blueprint CSS ) and just more pleasant to use .
I do want a bit of colour there though .
Last time I released OpenVocab I made a request for logos and received two fantastic ones within days .
If you have another idea , please let me know in the comments or by email because I want to run a poll to select the logo for the site .
My only condition is that the logo licensing must be compatible with the public domain ethic of OpenVocab .
As a reminder , here are last time 's submissions :
Benjamin Nowack :
Darren Geraghty
Ballplayers Sue Gay Softball League
Three Bay Area amateur softball players are suing a national gay sports association for alleged discrimination after officials questioned their sexuality and disqualified them following a 2008 championship game .
In a rare instance of an LGBT legal advocacy group suing a gay organization , the National Center for Lesbian Rights on Tuesday filed suit on behalf of the players in U.S. district court for the western district of Washington .
According to the complaint , NCLR alleges that the North American Gay Amateur Athletic Association ( NAGAAA ) broke state public accommodations law by enforcing a discriminatory rule that only two heterosexuals can play on each team .
NCLR further claims that during the 2008 Gay Softball World Series in Seattle , NAGAAA officials interrogated the three plaintiffs , whom a competing team had suspected of being straight , about their sexual orientation .
All three have asserted that they are bisexual .
“ Sports leagues are all about fair play , diversity , and inclusion , ” NCLR staff attorney Melanie Rowen said .
“ Unfortunately , when our clients traveled with their team to the Gay Softball World Series , what they got instead was an atmosphere of hostility , discrimination , and suspicion . ”
An attorney for NAGAAA denies the allegations and said the league , a private organization , broke no public accommodations laws .
According to the complaint , the San Francisco - based team , D2 , was challenged by a competing team in its division during the world series championship game .
“ We had momentum , ” plaintiff LaRon Charles told The Advocate .
But the team lost after the game was interrupted several times and protests were lodged about the sexual orientation of several players on the team .
“ It was the first time we were in a championship game , and a lot of people did n’t understand how emotional our team was about that .
We worked really hard , " Charles said .
Following the game , five D2 players were summoned one by one to a windowless room filled with more than 25 people and questioned by NAGAAA delegates about their sexuality .
“ There was a six - person panel , but the rest of the people there had no business being there , ” Rowen said .
“ This was a room of people assembled because they wanted to see this go down . ”
Charles and co-plaintiffs Steven Apilado and Jon Russ said that NAGAAA officials read definitions of “ heterosexual ” and “ gay ” and asked which word applied to them .
When Charles answered both , an official allegedly told him , “ This is the Gay World Series , not the Bisexual World Series . ”
When asked the same set of questions , Russ declined to answer .
The three plaintiffs in the case were voted to be “ nongay ” and were subsequently disqualified .
Two white players from D2 were also questioned about their sexual orientation but were not disqualified .
NCLR alleges that race may have been a motivating factor in the decision to disqualify its clients ( two are African - American , and one is of African - American and Filipino descent ) .
Speaking on behalf of NAGAAA , Beth Allen , a Portland , Ore. - based attorney who specializes in LGBT - related legal issues and represents the sports association in the suit , said that NAGAAA “ agrees that if they were a public accommodation , they could not limit players on the basis of sexual orientation .
But they ’re a private organization , seeking to provide a forum for gay and lesbian athletes , or those who would like to become athletes , to play ball together in an environment where they do n’t face any type of discrimination .
...
It is not an unusual situation to have a softball league that is organized by principle on a protected class . ”
( NAGAAA has not yet responded to the complaint in court . )
Allen further said that she found the suit brought by NCLR to be “ very disheartening . ”
“ Certainly I ’ve seen infighting in the community .
Anyone who ’s worked for our rights has seen infighting , because we ’re all human , ” Allen said .
“ But as I ’ve told [ NCLR executive director ] Kate Kendell , it baffles me why they ’ve taken on this case .
Why is the National Center for Lesbian Rights asserting this claim on behalf of three poor beleaguered straight men ?
I do n’t get it . ”
Kendell said the suit “ makes very clear that the core issue in the case is that sexual orientation discrimination is harmful , demeaning , and stigmatizing .
What these players were subjected to in terms of inquiry about their private sexual lives was a violation , not only of the softball association ’s own rules but also Washington state law . ”
“ [ Allen ’s ] response is what ’s baffling , ” Kendell added .
Founded in 1977 , NAGAAA currently has 10,000 members , 680 teams , and 36 leagues in the United States and Canada , according to its website .
Helen Carroll , NCLR ’s sports project director , called bisexuals an invisible group in LGBT amateur sports leagues .
“ It ’s so atrocious that a person can look at bisexuals and say that they ’re not gay enough to participate .
What ’s pointed out in our case is this real need for LGBT [ athletic groups ] to be more inclusive of all groups — and that also includes people of color . ”
Carroll also said that LGBT sports groups like the Amateur Sports Alliance of America , a women ’s softball league , are increasingly welcoming to “ straight athletes that contribute to a positive sports atmosphere of total support and inclusion . ”
In its suit NCLR claims it attempted to reach out to the league about its policies before filing thesuits .
The group demands that NAGAAA eliminate its code regarding “ gay ” and “ heterosexual ” classifications .
The NCLR legal complaint is available here .
Two races into his much - publicised comeback and Michael Schumacher is already feeling the heat after finishing tenth out of 14 finishers at the Australian Grand Prix .
Critics have been quick to highlight how much he is being paid by Mercedes - a basic salary of around £ 21 m plus a further £ 9 m in private endorsements according to the Daily Mail .
On a disappointing return to Australia for Schumacher , he at one time suffered the ignominy of briefly being overtaken by Lucas di Grassi's Virgin and was slower than team - mate Nico Rosberg all weekend .
The Sun newspaper called it " an anonymous afternoon " for the great German .
" That 's not what Mercedes have paid him ... to come out of retirement for .
At this rate , Schumacher may not see out the first season of his three - year deal . "
The Times also questioned if he has a place in the modern world of F1 . " [ He ] cut a disconsolate figure as he swept out of Albert Park last night , having discovered that his reputation counts for nothing among the new generation .
He became almost a sad postscript …. once the greatest exponent of overtaking simply had to accept a lowly tenth place . "
In Italy , a country still smarting from Schumacher 's decision to return not with Ferrari but with a fierce rival , La Stampa did not pull punches .
" The ( W01 ) car is not the best , but one of its drivers - the one with seven titles and earning £ 30 million - seems to have lost the instructions .
The proof ?
He was overtaken by the Virgin .
" Are we confident that Michael Schumacher is really under that red helmet ?
Perhaps Montezemolo was right when he said it is his twin . "
Schumacher , however , said he was happy with his performance , after pitting early on to replace a damaged front wing .
" That incident decided my race , obviously , " he said .
" I was still having fun as our pace today was promising and for part of the race , we were going quicker than the top group . "
United Airlines Shares Plummet 75 % On Misinformation ; Blame Game Begins
from the if - it 's - on - the - internet - it - must - be - true dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Shares of United Airlines ' stock tumbled nearly 75 % on Monday after an old 2002 report about a United Airlines bankruptcy filing was picked up and circulated as current .
How did this happen ?
Apparently , a staffer at Income Securities Advisors Inc. did a search for " united bankruptcy 2008 " on Google , and found an article on the Sun-Sentinel .
Though the article was published in 2002 , neither the Googlebot nor the Sun-Sentinel website indicated as much , and the news item was published to Income Securities ' page on Bloomberg .
Once the story hit the wire , shares plummeted from $ 12 to as low as $ 3 , and 54 million shares traded hands before Nasdaq halted trading to investigate what was going on .
After United issued an official " we 're really not bankrupt " statement and the confusion started to lift , shares of United returned to a somewhat normal price .
After all the dust has settled , the finger pointing has now begun .
Who is to blame , if anyone ?
Sure , the Sun-Sentinel published the story on its site with an ambiguous date , but having archived articles on your site is n't a problem .
However , they should really make the dates on their articles more obvious , since they apparently have pretty good SEO .
As for Google , they are indeed guilty of publishing an inaccurate date , but as we 've seen before , their usual recourse is to blame the site for the problem , and , that said , their terms of service clearly state that they are not liable for the accuracy of their data .
As for Income Securities and Bloomberg , perhaps they will be more careful next time before they publish stories , or perhaps not .
The thing is , mistakes happen ( like Bloomberg publishing Steve Jobs ' obituary last month ) and rumors turn out to be false every day .
Income Securities will " pay " for their mistake , since now they will need to earn back the trust of their clients .
For stock traders , timely information translates into moneymaking opportunities .
A few decades ago , it would take a few days for the market to react to information ( thereby creating a nice opportunity for the shrewd trader ) .
Today , the speed with which information travels ( and the market reacts ) has increased considerably , as is clearly illustrated by this event .
Sure , shares of United are still trading at approximately 10 % less than its opening price on Monday , but perhaps that 's more a reflection of the fact that a chapter 11 filing would not come as a surprise to anyone at this time .
So , it appears that , in actuality , it 's pointless to assign blame , since there does n't seem to be a problem -- the system worked just as it should .
Filed Under : bankruptcy , blame game , false report , google news , information , news , stock market
Companies : bloomberg , google , income securities , sun-sentinel , united airlines
WASHINGTON , April 6 ( Reuters ) - A major earthquake of magnitude 7.8 shook the Indonesian island of Sumatra , the U.S. Geological Survey said on Tuesday .
A local tsunami watch was in effect for Indonesia , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said .
The quake was centered 127 miles ( 204 km ) west - northwest of Sibolga , Indonesia , and was at a depth of 28.6 miles ( 46 km ) , the USGS said .
It initially reported the quake ’s magnitude at 7.6 . ( Reporting by World Desk Americas ) )
SAN JOSE , Calif . --
After thriving in the 2009 playoffs , Detroit Red Wings forward Dan Cleary did not expect to seek his first point of the 2010 postseason at the start of the second round .
But while trying to regain his scoring touch , Cleary remained focused on not letting other aspects of his game slip during the Western Conference semifinal playoff series against the San Jose Sharks .
" You always want to contribute at both ends , " Cleary said Thursday before Game 1 at HP Pavilion .
" We were able to get out of the first round with not a lot of secondary scoring , so that was a positive .
Just stay positive and make sure you 're doing other things well . "
Cleary 's patience was rewarded Thursday , when he scored his first goal of the playoffs .
He also provided a good screen on Johan Franzen 's goal .
but they were encouraged to get some scoring from forwards other than stars Henrik Zetterberg and Pavel Datsyuk .
" I thought Cleary was excellent tonight .
I probably should have played him more and maybe the Mule ( Franzen ) , too , " Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
" You need everyone at playoff time to be successful . "
Cleary had nine goals , six assists and a league - best plus - 17 rating in last year 's postseason .
" We 'd like him to score for us .
He 'd like to score for us , " Babcock said .
" But in the meantime , be real good defensively and be as physical as you can and keep going to the net and it'll bounce in off you eventually . "
That means play with more grit .
" Two things we 're looking for :
We need him to be physical and we need him to get to the net and tip some in , " Babcock said .
" The great thing about the playoffs , sometimes you do n't have the best first round , but at the end , if you go a ways , your teammates pick you up and you have a chance to do what you want . "
Babcock has switched Cleary and Tomas Holmstrom between the first and fourth lines , depending on game situations .
It 's not a difficult adjustment , Cleary said .
" It 's actually real easy , " Cleary said .
" On both lines I know what I have to do .
My role does n't change . "
He must get to the net .
" That was a key ( in the last round ) against ( Phoenix goaltender Ilya ) Bryzgalov , to get traffic and force him to make saves that he was n't used to making .
Even more important now against a good San Jose team .
( Evgeni ) Nabokov is a good goalie , so you definitely got to shoot the puck , look for rebounds . "
Helminen faces former favorite team
Sharks forward and University of Michigan product Dwight Helminen was looking forward to his first game against the Red Wings , the team he cheered for growing up in Brighton .
Helminen was born in Houghton , where most of his family still resides and , usually , roots for the Red Wings .
" My immediate family all claim they 're cheering for the Sharks , but my sister informed me that a couple of her friends weren't , " Helminen said .
" They actually live in a house I own , so I 'm going to have to adjust the rent . "
Helminen was a big fan of Steve Yzerman and Sergei Fedorov , but he can identify more with Kris Draper .
" He 's always been one of the Wings ' go - to penalty killers , " Helminen said .
" When I was in school , that was kind of my role , so I used to watch Draper , tried to emulate some of the stuff he does , especially on the penalty kill . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has indicated he might find it difficult to do a deal with Gordon Brown in the event of a hung Parliament .
In a Daily Telegraph interview , he says Mr Brown is " a desperate politician " .
It comes as Mr Brown said that he wanted a " progressive alliance " to keep the Conservatives out of power .
Tory leader David Cameron said his rivals were already demonstrating how an inconclusive election result would only lead to " bickering and haggling " .
In other news : Figures show that the number of people unemployed in the UK rose by 43,000 to 2.5 million in the three months to February
Conservative leader David Cameron is struck by an egg while campaigning in Cornwall
Chancellor Alistair Darling clashes with his opposite numbers George Osborne and Vince Cable over whether a hung Parliament would be dangerous for the economy
A last - minute rush of people wishing to register to vote is reported by the Electoral Commission
In Belfast , the SDLP launches its manifesto promising to use its leverage in the event of a hung Parliament
The British National Party call for restrictions on imports from China to protect British jobs Mr Brown dismissed Mr Clegg 's remarks by saying he did not want to respond to " personal attacks " .
Speaking in Cardiff , the prime minister said : " I prefer to talk about the policies , the substance , what we have got to decide at this election , the choice . "
BBC political correspondent Iain Watson said Labour sources have played down Mr Brown 's call for a " progressive alliance " in the Independent , saying that he had been simply encouraging progressive - minded people to vote Labour - not hinting at any post election deal with the Lib Dems " If you want a referendum on new politics , you 've got to consider voting Labour , " Mr Brown told the newspaper .
" We are the only party committed to a referendum on it .
You wo n't get one with the Tories . "
He said the Conservatives offered merely " a change of personnel and a return to the old politics " , while Labour was " serious " about revamping the UK 's electoral system .
' Clutching at straws '
However Mr Clegg , whose party is committed to the system of proportional representation , said the prime minister had " systematically blocked , and personally blocked , political reform " .
" I think he is a desperate politician and I just do not believe him , " the Lib Dem leader told the Daily Telegraph .
He also stressed there were many differences between his party 's policies and those of Labour .
Gordon Brown and his team are preparing to woo Nick Clegg , having either ignored or belittled him in the recent past
Nick Robinson 's Newslog " Do I think Labour delivered fairness ?
No .
Do I think the Labour Party , in its heart , has a faith in civil liberties ?
No .
They are clutching at straws . "
He told a press conference Labour had been " a stubborn block to reform and progress " for 13 years which had failed to tackle the " democratic outrage " that was the House of Lords , and added that the " old politics " with a choice of just two parties was " over " .
He shrugged off a report in the Sun newspaper that his election dossier had been found in the back of a black taxi , adding he had been advised " just to be myself in the TV debates " .
As talk of a hung Parliament continued to dominant the political debate , shadow business secretary Ken Clarke said " strong , purposeful government " was needed in turbulent economic times .
He added : " If the British do n't decide to put in a government with a working majority and the markets think that we cannot tackle our debt and deficit problems , then the IMF will have to do it for us . "
' Hung parliament territory ' A series of opinion polls published on Wednesday 's gave a varying picture of the state of the parties .
A YouGov survey for the Sun suggested the Lib Dems were up three percentage points from Tuesday on 34 % , the Tories down two to 31 % and Labour down one to 26 % .
We still remain firmly in the hung parliament territory
David Cowling
BBC polling expert Opinions : hung Parliament The Tories have their biggest lead since March in a ComRes poll for the Independent and ITV News , climbing three points to 35 % .
Labour and the Lib Dems are both two points to 26 % .
And the weekly Populus survey for the Times put the Tories ahead on 32 % , down four points on a week ago , the Lib Dems up 10 points to 31 % and Labour down five to 28 % .
BBC polling expert David Cowling said they suggested " we still remain firmly in the hung parliament territory " .
As well as the SDLP 's manifesto launch , the former MP Martin Bell has introduced more than 40 independent candidates , endorsed by the Independent Network , who are standing around the UK .
They include a bus driver , lawyers , businessmen and a first - time voter .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON —
In a highly unusual legal action against an alleged leaker of government secrets , a federal grand jury has indicted a former senior National Security Agency official on charges of providing classified information to a newspaper reporter in hundreds of e-mail messages in 2006 and 2007 .
...
The F.B.I. executive assistant director in charge of national security , Arthur M. Cummings II , said the bureau would continue to aggressively pursue such leak investigations .
But Lucy Dalglish , executive director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , a press advocacy group , called the indictment " unfortunate . "
" The whole point of the prosecution is to have a chilling effect on reporters and sources , and it will , " she said .
...
The indictment , handed down on Wednesday by a grand jury in Baltimore , does not name either the reporter who received the information or the newspaper , but the description fits articles written by Siobhan Gorman , then a reporter for The Baltimore Sun , that examined in detail the failings of several major N.S.A. modernization programs and problems with supplying its huge electric power demands .
Some of her articles were honored with a top prize from the Society for Professional Journalists .
The N.S.A. , which monitors phone calls , e-mail messages and other electronic communications , had spent hundreds of millions of dollars to update its systems to collect and sort the huge amount of data it was collecting .
The modernization programs were plagued with technical failures and cost overruns , and Ms. Gorman , who now works for The Wall Street Journal , was the reporter who most aggressively covered the problems .
...
But because the articles in question documented government failures and weaknesses , the prosecution could raise questions about whether the government is merely moving to protect itself from public scrutiny .
If Ms. Gorman ’s articles were indeed those involved in the case , Ms. Dalglish said , they exposed " a multibillion - dollar boondoggle that was of great interest to Congress . "
She called the articles " important public - interest reporting . "
...
http://www.nytimes.com/...
Meanwhile , Channel Nine says it'll rebuild The Block , a show that was perhaps the defining moment of the last runaway property boom .
The day it reappears will be proof the market has peaked .
Speaking of peaks , a University of Western Sydney associate professor , Steve Keen , has set out to climb Mount Kosciuszko , having lost a bet that property prices were going to crash .
Far from crashing , they took off .
Oops .
An unrepentant Keen says : " This latest house price bubble began when the government doubled and even tripled the first home owner 's grant .
Along with the decision to allow open - slather purchases of Australian properties by overseas buyers , the Rudd government lit a fuse under house prices . "
The weird thing is that each time the Reserve Bank has lifted interest rates since October , property values have risen .
No wonder Stevens felt a few not - so - soothing words when everybody was half asleep might do the trick .
To set interest rates , the Reserve Bank pumps money in or out of the banking system by buying or selling government paper , known as open - market operations .
What Stevens is doing is known wryly in the bank as " open- mouth operations " , or scaring the wits out of potential borrowers so in the end it does n't have to raise rates .
So far , this does n't seem to have been any more successful than the rate rises in cooling the property market .
Clearance rates at the first auctions following Easter were at record levels , volumes are high for this time of year and prices have continued to rise .
No surprise there , considering mortgage rates of 9 per cent and more ( about 2 per cent , or eight rate rises , higher than now ) did n't hurt the last property boom , which had turned into a bubble before the global financial crisis hit .
Besides , the Reserve 's open mouth is saying different things .
Only a few days before Stevens ' comments , his deputy , Philip Lowe , pointed out home loan approvals fell four months in a row .
Make that five months , because February was down as well .
Add tighter lending conditions by the banks as well as first - home buyers dropping out and , according to Lowe , " it is too early to tell whether these contrary signs indicate that some cooling in the property market is in prospect " .
Certainly if funding is drying up , you can't have a property boom .
The Commonwealth Bank , the biggest home lender , reports a pick - up in lending since March , which suggests that the financial drought might be breaking .
Even so , those lost months must stop property prices rising some time soon .
Yet the latest figures also confirm the most bullish sign of all for property , which is that nobody is building new houses .
If fewer places are being built in what is generally acknowledged to be a chronic housing shortage , then the future would have to be very rosy for property prices .
Indeed , that very shortage could well explain why the Reserve is embarking on its open - mouth policy .
It ca n't raise interest rates too far because it would send developers to the wall and nothing would get built .
" If all we end up with is higher prices and not many more dwellings , then it will be very disappointing - indeed , quite disturbing , " Stevens said in November .
I doubt he 's disturbed but he must be disappointed .
House prices rose an average 12 per cent last year .
By March , two rate rises later , they were rising faster still .
The only other country where prices are rising as fast is China but then there 's a connection there .
What 's new about this property boom is the demand from China , Hong Kong , India and other parts of Asia brought about partly by still - relatively - cheap finance but mostly by a change in the foreign investment rules the government slipped through in the middle of the global financial crisis .
Under the new rules , or Keen 's " open slather " , students on temporary visas can buy a property without having to gain approval from the Foreign Investment Review Board .
Their presence is obvious at auctions in areas near universities and tertiary colleges and newspaper reports are already appearing of how they are outbidding first - home buyers .
You can see what 's coming next : " Instead of taking our jobs , they 're taking our houses . "
They 're competing at the top end of the market as well , where they 're up against returning expats , among others .
Since statistics are no longer kept , nobody knows how much foreigners are buying .
But one thing 's for sure .
The rising dollar will make Australian property more expensive for foreign investors .
As it will the sharemarket .
Speaking of which , property has always been a safe haven after serious sharemarket corrections and it seems this time is no different .
So which is looking more promising : property or shares ?
The sharemarket has done a good job in getting investors back as well .
It rose three times as fast as property prices last year , suggesting it 's the more likely candidate for a bubble .
The stronger economy is good for both and rising interest rates bad .
Both are susceptible to the whims of foreign investors , especially in the case of the sharemarket and Wall Street , which has yet to face the day of reckoning when the US central bank starts raising , or more accurately reintroduces , interest rates , which are officially at zero .
Neither , frankly , is cheap .
But there 's one thing property has going for it that the sharemarket does n't .
There 's a shortage of supply , most obvious when you look at rents .
Yields on property are higher than they 've been for a long time and they 're still rising , which gives them one over the sharemarket , where dividends were cut .
By the way , the fastest - growing rental areas are n't where you 'd guess .
The best yields are in Darwin , then Canberra , while Melbourne is the lowest , according to rpdata.com .
Anyway , rents are up because of the falling numbers of first - home buyers , who are forced to rent instead , not to mention the impact of higher interest rates .
Hang on , is n't that proof that housing is becoming less affordable ?
Less subsidised , yes , thanks to the end of the first home owner 's boost .
But not less affordable .
Despite higher interest rates and rising prices , housing is the most affordable it 's been in six years , says the chief economist at CommSec , Craig James .
Although the median house price has risen 41 per cent since 2003 , household disposable incomes have risen more - by 44 per cent .
Even so , the sharemarket looks a better bet for the next year or so than property .
Especially considering that the banks are limited by the amount of funds they can raise in still - jittery offshore markets .
They 'll be keener on funding the mining boom than topping up their bursting home loan portfolios .
The slowdown in finance approvals must limit how high prices can go in the short term , especially at the bottom end of the market .
But looking two or three years out , it could be a different story .
Certainly the financing squeeze can only exacerbate the housing shortage .
More migrants are coming in but we 're building fewer places for them to live in .
At the current rate of building approvals , it 'll take a year to fill the backlog in Victoria and up to three years in NSW .
So where share prices will be governed more by demand , wherever it might come from , for property the swing - wing is supply .
When supply is constrained , it does n't take much more demand for prices to soar .
Besides , real estate agents are better at spruiking their wares than stockbrokers .
Case study
Property prices in the past three months have gone through the roof , so to speak .
Amanda Gould , who is looking for another investment property , says she is being outbid by up to $ 40,000 at auctions .
And that 's in Sydney , which is lagging behind Melbourne 's price surge .
Amanda , a travel consultant at MP Travel , has become so adept at choosing properties she 's even set up her own buyer 's service .
She 's experienced the best and worst of property .
Amanda bought her first unit when she was 18 , only to be crushed by 18 per cent interest rates .
" I bought high but sold low , " she says .
Still , a six - year stint overseas healed the wounds and she was back in the market " with more money behind me " .
She 's since turned over half a dozen properties and currently has two , getting finance from " my mentor " , her mortgage broker , Catherine Lezer at Smartline .
She 's not fazed by rising rates and can't see values dropping .
" The market is very high but it 's not going to tail off .
A lot of people who are renting and paying more are desperate to buy , " she says .
And when you 're negatively geared , rising interest rates are also a bigger tax deduction .
" I 'm not really worried .
I fixed around 8 per cent [ two years ago ] but rates then dropped so it was n't the best thing to do .
I might fix again if they get to 10 per cent but that would be a good while yet . "
Amanda hunts out older places that need doing up within 10 kilometres of the city and in areas she knows .
" They have to be easy to get to before and after work when we 're renovating .
My husband Lance is very handy . "
Top five financing tips
When buying an investment property , mortgage adviser Smartline has these five tips : 1 . MORTGAGE INSURANCE ISN'T ALWAYS BAD
Lenders require mortgage insurance , which is expensive , to protect themselves when the loan to equity ratio is too high .
While there are no benefits to an owner - occupier , mortgage insurance can help an investor by reducing the amount of equity that must be put up .
You could buy two investment properties with a 10 per cent deposit and pay the insurance , rather than one with a 20 per cent deposit and no insurance .
2. USING A LINE OF CREDIT AS A WORKING ACCOUNT
If you are negative gearing , consider using the equity in your home as a line of credit .
This becomes a working account for the investment loan , covering the shortfall in cash .
The downside is that you 're eating up some of the equity in your home , so this only works if the investment property has good capital growth .
3 . PLAN AHEAD IF UPGRADING
If you plan to make your home an investment property one day , only put in the minimum deposit initially and any remaining funds in an offset account .
" When you turn it into an investment property it still has a high level of debt on it for tax effectiveness and you have access to every available dollar in the offset account for the deposit on your new owner - occupier property , " says the managing director of Smartline , Chris Acret .
4 . NEVER PUT THE FAMILY HOME UP AS PRIMARY SECURITY
Do n't use one property as collateral for a loan on another .
" Having the properties stand alone provides a greater level of asset protection if something were to happen to the investment property or if it were drastically to fall in value .
However , if you do need to cross - collateralise , use the family home as secondary security , " Acret says .
5 . CHOOSE THE RIGHT LOAN
Basic loans are the cheapest but professional packages have extra benefits such as discounted interest rates with a high annual fee .
" Generally speaking , someone looking to have their family home and one investment property may be better off with a couple of basic loans while someone looking to acquire multiple investment properties may benefit from a professional package .
Professional packages also tend to suit ' stand - alone ' securities better . "
2010 -03 -25 - Andreas Radke
The cups - 1.4.2 - 4 update is shipped with additional configuration files compared to earlier versions .
These files may already exist on your system .
If pacman shows you conflicting files , backup the affected files , then use pacman - Sf cups and check if you need to restore your old configuration files .
Last year , Hong Kong animation house Imagi brought Astro Boy , a beloved Japanese character , to the big screen in a computer - animated film .
Astro Boy is great and all , but ... what about Mega Man ?
Advertisement
Artist David Espinoza must have been wondering the exact same thing , because he 's done a number of stunning works showing Mega Man characters in the kind of detail you 'd expect from a Hollywood film about the Blue Bomber .
Espinoza is a professional , who has worked not only on motion pictures , but on games as well ( KOTOR 2 , Neverwinter Knights 2 ) .
You can check out his portfolio here .
Advertisement
UPDATE - You asked for Mega Man himself ?
David was kind enough to email us this morning and send along the answer to your prayers .
Impressive CG Mega Man Fan Art [ Rockman Corner ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
When tea party activists were asked to choose from a list of candidates for president in 2012 , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) finished one - two — with Palin at 15 percent and Paul at 14 percent .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Tea partiers in two camps : Palin vs. Paul
Tea party activists are divided roughly into two camps , according to a new POLITICO / TargetPoint poll : one that ’s libertarian - minded and largely indifferent to hot - button values issues and another that ’s culturally conservative and equally concerned about social and fiscal issues .
The survey , an exit poll conducted Thursday by Edison Research at the massive Tax Day protest on the National Mall , found that the attendees were largely hostile to President Barack Obama and the national Democratic Party — three - quarters believe the president “ is pursuing a socialist agenda . ”
Advertisement
Yet they are n’t enamored of the Republican Party as an alternative .
Overall , three out of four tea party attendees said they were “ scared about the direction ” of the country and “ want to send a message to both political parties . ”
The results , however , suggest a distinct fault line that runs through the tea party activist base , characterized by two wings led by the politicians who ranked highest when respondents were asked who “ best exemplifies the goals of the tea party movement ” — former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , a former GOP presidential candidate .
Palin , who topped the list with 15 percent , speaks for the 43 percent of those polled expressing the distinctly conservative view that government does too much , while also saying that it needs to promote traditional values .
Paul ’s thinking is reflected by an almost identical 42 percent who said government does too much but should not try to promote any particular set of values — the hallmarks of libertarians .
He came in second to Palin with 12 percent .
When asked to choose from a list of candidates for president in 2012 , Palin and Paul also finished one - two — with Palin at 15 percent and Paul at 14 percent .
In general , those who turned out for the April 15 event tended to be less culturally conservative than national Republicans .
Asked to rate their level of anger about 22 issues on a scale of one ( not angry at all ) to five ( extremely angry ) , the issue that drew the most anger : the growing national debt .
The least : courts granting same - sex couples the right to marry .
Twenty - four percent said they ’re “ not at all ” upset about gay marriage .
While 73 percent are extremely angry about government intrusion into personal lives , only 48 percent express the same sentiment about “ the moral direction of the country . ”
For instance , only 50 percent of the tea partiers overall said they ’re extremely angry about the number of abortions performed each year ( 16th of 22 ) .
That ’s less than the proportion extremely angry about bailouts , earmarks and frivolous lawsuits .
“ Literally , there ’s more harm being done economically to this country than 100 A - bombs could accomplish , ” said Dave Kidwell , a 44 - year - old from the Detroit suburbs .
Specifically , 51 percent of tea party activists say “ government should not promote any particular set of values , ” while 46 percent said “ government should promote traditional family values in our society . ”
Compare this to national Gallup Polls , which recently found 67 percent of self - identified Republicans think government should promote such values .
Paul performed best among those who do n’t think government should promote any particular set of values , but Palin dominated among the family values set .
Of Palin voters , 59 percent said they were either very or extremely angry about same - sex marriage .
Among Paul voters , the number was 34 percent .
Half of Palin ’s tea party supporters attend weekly religious services ; a quarter of Paul voters do .
Among the respondents , the two prominent figureheads polarize .
Fifty - three percent of those surveyed said they would not even consider voting for Palin if she ran for president in 2012 ; 59 percent said the same thing of Paul .
Indeed , no clear leader is emerging to pick up tea party support in the 2012 presidential election .
Not one of a dozen Republicans could get more than 50 percent of tea partiers to say that they would even consider supporting them in the contest .
When asked why they ’d come to the protest , two protesters who responded to the survey invoked their grandchildren — but to make different points that reflected the competing ideological pressures within the movement .
Palin fan Barbara Denton , a 63 - year - old from Maryland ’s Eastern Shore , said she has lots of free time to push her political agenda now that she ’s retired .
“ I do n’t want to hand my grandchildren a country that ’s going in this direction , ” she said , holding a large American flag .
“ We are a Christian country , and we need to remain that way .
In case ( Obama ) does n’t realize it , 86 percent of the population in this country says they believe in God .
They ’re not Muslim , and they ’re not atheists .
And he needs to figure it out . ”
Rodney Rice , a 60 - year - old financial broker who drove down with his wife from upstate New York , just wants government out of his life .
“ I ’ve never liked having to ask permission to do anything , ” the lifelong Republican said , with a National Rifle Association hat shading his eyes from the setting sun .
“ I stayed within the rules of the law , treated society right and the government ’s intruding more and more and more .
And I do n’t want that to happen .
I ’ve got three grandchildren .
I want to see them have the same opportunities that I have . ”
The tea party rallies have uniquely defined the movement because there ’s no official platform , national committee or spokesman .
Previous polls surveyed self - identified tea partiers by phone , potentially overstating the size of the movement and grouping sympathizers with actual participants .
The POLITICO / TargetPoint poll , the first of its kind , takes a statistically valid snapshot of tea party sympathizers engaged enough to actually attend an event .
Altogether , 457 randomly selected adult attendees were approached over a five - hour period during the April 15 event on the Mall and asked to complete the self - administered , anonymous questionnaire .
The response rate was 58 percent , and the sampling error is 5 percentage points , either way .
[ TargetPoint Consulting is a market research and knowledge management firm that works with Republican and corporate clients .
Edison Research has been the sole provider of Election Day exit poll information to major news organizations since 2003 . ]
For all their differences , these activists share much .
They ’ve traditionally supported Republicans : 70 percent backed Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) in 2008 ; just 12 percent voted for Obama .
The majority agrees that neither major party can be trusted to fix government .
On a generic congressional ballot pitting a Republican and Democrat against the “ Tea Party , ” 27 percent backed the unnamed tea party candidate and 25 percent supported the Republican .
Twenty - seven percent said they do n’t know how they ’d vote .
The tea party activists on the Mall last week were better educated , more affluent and whiter than the country as a whole .
One - third of the activists surveyed came from the Washington metropolitan area .
Attendees were 64 percent male and 36 percent female .
While 45 - to - 64 - year - olds make up 26 percent of the population , they accounted for 49 percent of this crowd .
A third of those surveyed earned more than $ 100,000 in household income during 2009 , and 62 percent came from households that earned at least $ 60,000 .
About three in 10 surveyed identified themselves as small - business owners .
Antipathy toward Democrats runs deep : 76 percent said the Democratic Party represents the views of the movement “ not at all well . ”
Only 11 percent said they ’d consider voting for Obama in 2012 , and only 6 percent said they ’d vote for a Democrat on the generic congressional ballot .
Why Tungsten Wedding Bands Tungsten wedding bands , practically unheard of only a few short years ago , have seemingly come from out of nowhere to become the preferred wedding ring of men , women , and couples alike .
With their unmatched durability , unique range of sizes and styles , and of course cost , it is easy to why tungsten rings have gained such a following .
The Open Rights Group spearheaded a campaign against the bill Controversial elements of the Digital Economy Bill will face further scrutiny even if the bill is passed later , Commons Leader Harriet Harman has said .
Part of the bill , which refers to how copyright holders can block access to websites hosting pirated content , will be subject to further consultation .
Several MPs called for the whole bill to be delayed until after the election .
Despite objections , the bill was given a second reading and will be rushed through its final stages on Wednesday .
The Tories have said " big questions " have been left unanswered while the Lib Dems are seeking greater scrutiny of some aspects .
Closing the debate , Digital Britain Minister Stephen Timms said : " The choice we have is to act on unlawful downloading or not to act .
That is the choice the House needs to make .
" I think there is actually very broad agreement across the House about the need for us to act in the way that this Bill sets out . "
Ms Harman revealed to Parliament that one element , known as Clause 18 , will be subject to " a super - affirmative procedure " - meaning the details of it will require further Parliamentary scrutiny .
Clause 18 was hastily rewritten by the government .
It was intended to future - proof the law against new methods of accessing pirated materials .
It grants rights - holders the power to force service providers to block access to websites hosting pirated content .
The Liberal Democrats have called for a similar procedure to be applied to the issue of how public wi-fi will be affected by the bill .
Currently , if the bill passes into law , the owners of publicly - accessed wi-fi will be held responsible for content that is illegally downloaded by individuals using the hotspot .
' Digital disappointment '
The second reading of the bill was somewhat overshadowed by the earlier announcement of the general election and few MPs gathered in the Commons to hear Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw introduce it .
However , a heated debate followed with several MPs , including Labour MP Tom Watson , calling for the more controversial elements of the bill to be removed .
Shadow culture secretary Jeremy Hunt branded the bill a " digital disappointment of colossal proportions " .
For the Liberal Democrats , culture spokesman Don Foster condemned the government for allowing a " totally inappropriate " amount of time for debate on such a major piece of legislation .
He said " large chunks " of the Bill were not controversial and needed to become law .
The SNP's Pete Wishart , a former member of Celtic rock group Runrig , told the Commons that internet file - sharing was not unlike a person walking into a record shop and taking whatever albums they liked - for free .
He said : " The cream of the UK 's creative industries want to ensure that we have this bill and these measures .
" Then we can continue to have the best creative industry and digital economy . "
Earlier Ms Harman said the bill had already been subject to " considerable scrutiny " in the House of Lords , with seven days in committee , " longer than any other bill in this Parliamentary session " .
But Mr Watson , a long - standing Labour opponent of the bill , urged the government to rethink rushing through the legislation .
" In the last seven days , 20,000 people have taken the time to e-mail their MPs .
They are extremely upset that it wo n't have proper scrutiny , " he said .
Internet piracy Mr Bradshaw countered that " hundreds of thousands of people in the creative industries feel equally strongly that they need the legislation now " .
He told MPs that a framework for dealing with those who pirated content was essential if alternative legal ways of distributing content were to get off the ground .
" It is not ideal that the bill will not enjoy full debate , " he acknowledged but said that it had enjoyed " cross - party support " .
There has been mounting public opposition to the bill , particularly the plans to give Ofcom the power to cut off the internet connections of persistent pirates .
Mr Bradshaw moved to reassure
MPs that such measures would not be introduced for another year , and said he hoped a letter campaign to persistent net pirates would prove sufficient .
If suspensions of net accounts are necessary they will only be " temporary " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We wo n't be selling a Nexus One with Verizon , and this is a reflection of the amazing innovation happening across the open Android ecosystem .
Verizon Wireless customers who want an Android phone with the power of the Nexus One can get the Droid Incredible by HTC .
Now this , this is all kinds of silly .
Google has been busy updating its phone sales site , and the latest word for Verizon Wireless subscribers encourages them to look at the " similarly feature - packed " cousin of the Nexus One , the Incredible .
Importantly , what 's missing from the new wording is the " coming soon " tag , suggesting that for all intents and purposes the Nexus has been obviated by the arrival of the Incredible .
In a separate blog post updating us on carrier partnerships , Google again reiterates its mini-advert for the new HTC phone on Verizon while keeping mum about the Nexus One 's future .
A true CDMA variant of le superphone should still be coming wearing Sprint regalia , but it 's disappointing to see Google use such doublespeak techniques .
Is the Verizon Nexus canceled or not ?
We just heard back from Google -- the Verizon Nexus One is dead ; long live the Incredible .
Here 's the official statement :
Now , that 's certainly reasonable , given the similarities between the Nexus One and the Incredible , but here 's a question : given that the Incredible runs Sense on top of Android , is n't the closest Verizon analogue to the Nexus One experience actually the Droid , which runs stock Android 2.1 ?
Considering Motorola 's recent moves away from Google , maybe this is a sign of something deeper .
PEOPLE who find their neighbours tiresome can move to another neighbourhood , whereas countries can't .
But suppose they could .
Rejigging the map of Europe would make life more logical and friendlier .
Britain , which after its general election will have to confront its dire public finances , should move closer to the southern - European countries that find themselves in a similar position .
It could be towed to a new position near the Azores .
( If the journey proves a bumpy one , it might be a good opportunity to make Wales and Scotland into separate islands ) .
In Britain 's place should come Poland , which has suffered quite enough in its location between Russia and Germany and deserves a chance to enjoy the bracing winds of the North Atlantic and the security of sea water between it and any potential invaders .
Belgium 's incomprehensible Flemish - French language squabbles ( which have just brought down a government ) are redolent of central Europe at its worst , especially the nonsenses Slovakia thinks up for its Hungarian - speaking ethnic minority .
So Belgium should swap places with the Czech Republic .
The stolid , well - organised Czechs would get on splendidly with their new Dutch neighbours , and vice versa .
Belarus , currently landlocked and trying to wriggle out from under Russia 's thumb , would benefit greatly from exposure to the Nordic region , whose influence played a big role in helping the Baltics shed their Soviet legacy .
So it should move northwards to the Baltic , taking the place of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania .
These three countries should move to a new location somewhere near Ireland .
Like the Emerald Isle , they have bitten the bullet of “ internal devaluation ” , regaining competitiveness by cutting wages and prices , rather than taking the easy option of depreciating the currency , or borrowing recklessly as Greece has .
The Baltics would also be glad to be farther away from Russia and closer to America .
Amid the other moves , Kaliningrad could shift up the coast towards Russia , ending its anomalous status as a legacy exclave of the second world war and removing any possibility of future Russian mischief - making about rail transit .
Into the slots vacated by Poland and Belarus should come the western and central parts of Ukraine .
Germany , with the Ukrainian border now only 100 km from Berlin , would start having to take the country 's European integration seriously .
The Ukrainian shift would allow Russia to move west and south too , thus vacating Siberia for the Chinese , who will take it sooner or later anyway .
Next comes some reordering of the Balkans .
Macedonia , Albania and Kosovo should rotate places , with Macedonia taking Kosovo 's place next to Serbia , Kosovo moving to Albania 's slot on the coast , and Albania shifting inland .
Paranoid Greek fantasies about territorial claims from the deluded Slav irredentists from the north would evaporate .
Bosnia is too fragile to move and will have to stay where it is .
Switzerland and Sweden are often confused .
So it would make sense to move Switzerland north , where it would fit neatly into the Nordic countries .
Its neutrality would go down well with the Finns and Swedes ; Norway would be glad to have another non-EU country next door .
Germany can stay where it is , as can France .
But Austria could shift westwards into Switzerland 's place , making room for Slovenia and Croatia to move north - west too . *
They could join northern Italy in a new regional alliance ( ideally it would run by a Doge , from Venice ) .
The rest of Italy , from Rome downwards , would separate and join with Sicily to form a new country , officially called the Kingdom of Two Sicilies ( but nicknamed Bordello ) .
It could form a currency union with Greece , but nobody else .
* A welcome side - effect of these changes will be to make space for previously fictional creations such as Anthony Hope 's Ruritania , Hergé 's Syldavia and Borduria , and Vulgaria , the backdrop for “ Chitty Chitty Bang Bang ” .
St. Petersburg , Florida ( CNN ) --
Declaring that his only loyalty is to the people of his state , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist announced Thursday that he will run for the United States Senate as an independent rather than a Republican .
The move sets the stage for an unprecedented three - way race in which Crist will test whether he can win federal office without the formal backing of a political party .
" I could have chosen to stay in the [ Republican ] primary , but frankly for me , this is your decision , " he told a crowd of about 300 supporters and campaign volunteers gathered in a picturesque St. Petersburg park overlooking Tampa Bay .
" It 's not one club 's decision or another . "
When it finally came , Crist 's declaration of independence was somewhat of an anti-climax .
With poll after poll suggesting he stood no chance of winning the GOP nomination over his ascendant rival , former House Speaker Marco Rubio , Crist began hinting at an independent bid weeks ago .
News of his decision leaked a day early .
Crist told reporters after the speech that he made up his mind to run without party affiliation " late last night . "
Asked if he could raise the kind of money needed to run a competitive campaign in the nation 's fourth largest state , Crist responded : " I already have . "
Rubio :
It wo n't change my strategy
He would not say whether he would caucus with Republicans or Democrats if elected , telling a reporter that he will " caucus with the people . "
After he made it official on Thursday , reaction from the Republican establishment was swift and fierce .
" I am not surprised , " said former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who is backing Rubio .
" This decision is not about policy or principles .
It is about what he believes is in his political self - interest . "
The Republican Senate leadership said it will ask Crist to refund all of its campaign donations , and it called on the governor to return money to the " thousands of Republican donors " who have supported his campaign .
The leaders , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn , promised to throw their full support to Rubio , whom they called " an emerging star . "
" The question for Floridians is whether [ Crist ] will keep his word about all of the new promises he makes , " the GOP Senate leaders said in a statement .
" Elections are about trust , and frankly , it is unclear whether Gov. Crist deserves any . "
Most of Crist 's campaign staff , including his campaign manager , Eric Eikenberg , and campaign attorney , Benjamin Ginsberg , submitted their resignations shortly after Crist made his intentions public .
Crist also lost his Republican polling firm , Public Opinion Strategies .
" It has been an honor to work for Gov. Crist , and I wish him all of the best , " said Communications Director Andrea Saul , who resigned moments after the announcement .
Others came to Crist 's defense , including the embattled former chairman of the Republican Party of Florida , Jim Greer , who was appointed to his post by Crist .
Greer was forced to step down from the chairmanship earlier this year after questions arose about excessive spending at the party and now faces a criminal investigation into his stewardship of the Florida GOP .
" After facing political threats and intimidation by Republican leaders , Charlie Crist once again put the people of Florida first over partisan politics and mean - spirited , vindictive demands of the current Florida GOP leadership , " Greer said .
Rubio , meanwhile , said the new reality of a three - man race will not change his election strategy , saying he 'll continue to run " an ideas - based , issues - based campaign . "
Speaking to reporters in Miami before his son's tee - ball game , he said the race will offer " a great opportunity to see our republic at work . "
The Democratic candidate , Rep. Kendrick Meek , also promised that his message would remain the same .
Meek argued that Crist has accomplished little as governor .
" The difference between the governor and I is that I have never been accused of being lazy , " Meek told reporters in Washington .
" I 've always been out there working on behalf of the people of the state of Florida . "
Crist , in his speech Thursday , signaled that he will run on populist themes and attempt to capitalize on some of the positions he has taken as governor in recent weeks .
" I do n't have either party helping me , but I need you the people more than ever , " Crist said at the rally .
The crowd in St. Petersburg included a number of teachers and clean energy advocates -- constituencies Crist will seek to tap into as an unaffiliated candidate .
The governor recently won favor with teachers unions in the state for vetoing a merit pay bill backed by conservatives , and earlier this week he reversed his support for offshore drilling after an inspection of the growing oil spill near the Gulf Coast .
" I have n't supported an idea because it is a Republican idea or a Democratic idea , " he said at the rally .
" I support ideas because they are good ideas for the people .
I have always found that 's what the people believe too . "
CNN 's John King , Martina Stewart and Shannon Travis contributed to this report .
Billionaire Warren Buffett shares his business lessons and wisdom .
Here are the hi-lites :
When do you decide to invest in a firm ?
The best thing that happens to us is when a great company gets into temporary trouble .
We want to buy them when they ’re on the operating table .
( Mr. Buffett bought Coke when it had its biggest fiasco after launching New Coke ; he bought American Express when it went through a loss making phase in the early 60’s )
What do you look for in people when they come to sell their firms to you ?
I do n’t look for the usual credentials such as an MBA , a pedigree ( Harvard , Wharton ) , or cash reserves or market cap of their firm .
What I look for is just a passion in their eyes ; I think that ’s the key .
A person who is hungry will always do well .
I prefer it when people even after selling stay on and work for the firm ; they are people who ca n’t wait to get off their bed to get to work .
Passion is everything ; there is no replacement for innate interest .
Why do stock market crashes happen ?
Because of human nature for greed and insecurity .
The 1970s were unbelievable .
The world was n’t going to end , but businesses were being given away .
Human nature has not changed .
People will always behave in a manic - depressive way over time .
They will offer great values to you . ”
What are the things that are taught wrong in Business school and the corporate world ?
I like such open ended questions , I think Business schools should refrain from teaching their wards about profit making and profit making alone , it gives a sense of 1 dimensional outlook to the young students that loss is a curse .
In reality , in the corporate world , failure and loss making are inevitable .
The capital market without loss is like Christianity without hell .
I think they should teach the student on how to buy a business , how to value a business ?
Not just on how to determine the price of a business .
Because price is what you pay , value is what you get .
How do you feel after donating $ 40 Billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation ?
You are a hero to us !
I feel nothing .
I have n’t sacrificed anything in life .
I have had a good life .
I donated after I turned 75 .
I think I admire those people who sacrifice their time , share their food and home , as the people to be emulated not me .
Besides , what is money before a man ’s life ?
What do you think are the pitfalls in donation ?
I have never donated a dime to churches or other such organizations ; I need to believe in something before I end up doing that .
I have been observing the Bill & Melinda Gates foundation for years now and I am confident they will do a fantastic job of making use of the money .
I am a big believer in Outsourcing , others believed in me as an Investor and gave their hard earned money to invest .
I believe in Bill Gates , he is a better donor than me .
You seem to be so well read , tell us how it all started .
My father was a stock broker , so we had all these financial books in our library .
He introduced me to those classics and I got into them .
I am lucky that my father was not a fan of Playboy !
Reading is the best habit you can get .
Well , you can learn from teachers too , and have mentors but there are so many constraints attached - they will talk fast , talk slow , they might talk like a pro or they might be terrible communicators .
Books are a different animal altogether , I love reading !
The beauty about reading and learning is that the more you learn the more you want to learn .
What is the 1 biggest advice you would impart to a young investor like me ?
Think for a moment that you are given a car and told this is the only car you would get for the rest of your life .
Then you would make sure that you car is taken care of well , it is oiled and detailed every now and then .
You would make sure that it never gets rusted , and you would garage it .
Think of yourself as that car .
You just get 1 body , 1 mind and 1 soul .
Take care of it well .
Invest in yourself that would be my advice .
You can read more from Warren Buffett here .
If you really want to understand Warren Buffett check out his new biography : Alice Schroeder : The Snowball : Warren Buffett and the Business of Life
If you 're a serious entrepreneur , check out the free mini-course on billionaire strategies .
April 15 , 2010 - TF2 Team
At Valve , we like to play games made by other people , mainly because a ) we do n't have to make them , and b ) they 're generally more fun than ours anyway .
In particular , games made by other people do n't have Pyros named Eric Smith , who makes our collective lives miserable on a daily basis in playtests .
( If you ever wonder why features like " Pyro now gets assists for airblasting enemies into environmental hazards " keep getting added to the game , thank Eric .
Not content with killing us by just holding down W+M1 , he persists in finding bold new ways to get points by any means necessary . )
It turns out that not only do we play other games -- other game developers play ours .
Last year Telltale Games ' TF2
Team went head to head with us in the TF2 Studio Rumble tournament , in the process dominating our own Adrian Finol so hard that he made up an excuse about " picking up my kids somewhere " and went and sat in his car for an hour .
After the match , we all agreed that one of these days we should do something cool together , because they 're big fans of TF2 , and we 're big fans of getting advance copies of Sam & Max episodes .
Fast forward to now , and doodly - doodly - doot :
We 're doing something cool together .
To celebrate the release of The Penal Zone , the first episode in Sam & Max 's new adventure , The Devil 's Playhouse , the Telltale team has provided us with some awesome TF2 items .
We 're going to give them out to everyone who buys The Penal Zone in the next week .
That 's right : one week only .
It 's like the Soldier medal all over again , except this time you have no excuse about being too asleep in bed to download it in time .
The items :
Max 's Severed Head
It 's not often you 're given the gift of a beloved character 's decapitated head by the very studio responsible for that character .
Still , we 're not complaining .
It 's soft , it wicks away moisture in the heat of battle , it highlights our eyes .
It 's got us thinking about all the other game characters we could be wearing around as clothes .
Who would n't want to squeeze off a couple rounds with the murder weapon of choice of a sociopathic cartoon rabbit ?
Probably quite a lot of people , when you get right down to it .
Luckily , those people are all well - adjusted contributors to society with no police records , spotless credit ratings and few unresolvable moral failings .
They also probably have no interest in playing TF2 , so that means more murder - rabbit gun shooting for the rest of us .
This might look like an ordinary revolver , until you realize that it helps a talking dog solve crimes .
How many crimes has YOUR dog solved lately ?
And let 's face it , his revolver kind of sucks too .
Man , we want to talk about this gun more , but we can't get over how much your dog sucks .
So there 's the loot , folks .
Get over to Steam and take a look at The Penal Zone .
( And to answer your question , no .
We asked .
It does n't mean what we thought it meant . )
from davekle on 4/26/09
NBEMS / FLDIGI 3.11 and higher versions have the ability to confirm 100 % copy on received messages in the WRAP / Checksum format .
This video is a live demo on 80 m .
I decided not to do a voice over so viewer could hear the Olivia 8 tone , 500 Hz mode taking hits with my local power line noise while still providing 100 % copy !
Well , the National Grid , the entity which manages the electrical grid in the UK , is providing some interesting commentary in a special report about the long term outlook of their job , as posted here : National Grid 2006 Great Britain Seven Year Statement .
One of the main arguments against wind power is that it is intermittent and thus unreliable because not always available when needed .
A corollary is that it is usually stated ( and I 've used these numbers myself in earlier diaries ) that wind power will not be able to provide more than 20 % of power - or that beyond that number , its costs rise significantly .
from chapter 4
The proportion of conventional generation needed to be retained in the electricity market , given the variable and unpredictable nature of some renewable technologies such as wind , such that current levels of security of supply are not eroded is the subject of the published paper : " A shift to wind is not unfeasible " , by Dale , Milborrow , Slark & Strbac , Power UK Issue 109 , March 2003 .
For example , for 8000 MW of wind ( e.g. in line with Government 's 2010 target of 10 % renewables ) , around 3000 MW of conventional capacity ( equivalent to some 37 % of the wind capacity ) can be retired without any increased probability that load reductions would be required due to generation shortages on cold days .
However , as the amount of wind increases , the proportion of conventional capacity that can be displaced without eroding the level of security reduces .
For example , for 25000MW of wind only 5000MW ( i.e. 20 % of the wind capacity ) of conventional capacity can be retired .
This implies that , for larger wind penetrations , the wind capacity that can be taken as firm is not proportional to the expected wind energy production .
It follows that the electricity market will need to maintain in service a larger proportion of conventional generation capacity despite reduced load factors .
Such plant is often referred to as " standby plant " .
While that may sound bad , remember that a MW of wind power is equivalent to between 20 to 30 % of a traditional MW ( from coal , nuclear or gas ) , i.e. it produces one fifth to one third of the number of kWh per year - precisely because of its intermittent power .
Which means that the conventional capacity that can be displaced is quite close , in fact , to what would be need to produce the same number of kWh that wind produces .
That means that any wind farm which is built , including when penetration will already be quite high , will provide " real " capacity , and real kWh that only very marginally need to be backed up by conventional capacity , as shown from this graph , from a study you can download from here : Security of decarbonised electricity systems :
More wind farms means more electricity , and more conventional power that can be taken out of the grid .
A lot more wind farms means a lot more elctricity , and somewhat more conventional power than can be taken off the grid : in practice , a few conventional power plants will need to be kept , but will hardly ever used ( basically only for emergencies and unusual circumstances on the wind side or the demand side ) - thus the savings in terms of coal or gas to be burnt are quite real .
National Grid also provides an estimate of the cost of using a lot more wind on the network :
from chapter 4
We have estimated that for the case with 8000 MW of wind needed to meet the 10 % renewables target for 2010 , balancing costs can be expected to increase by around £ 2 per MWh of wind production .
This would represent an additional £ 40 million per annum , just over 10 % of existing annual balancing costs .
Balancing costs are what producers must pay if they produce less , or more , power than they informed the network operator ( usually the day before ) .
Wind producers are naturally penalised by such system , and thus have , in the UK , to pay for the impact of their intermittence on the system .
This has not prevented projects from being built and from selling thier power on terms that make it profitable .
Usually , they sell their power to big utilities that manage the intermittence within their larger portfolio , and charge the wind power producers for the service .
The number above ( about $ 4 / MWh , or 0.4 cent / kWh ) represents a pretty small fraction of production costs ( typically 3 - 7 cents / kWh for wind ) and are thus bearable .
Thus , at no cost to the reliability and security of the system , and a low investment cost , wind power can be ramped up to represent a high portion of electricity produced .
Unlike gas - fired power , its cost of production is predictable ( because it is constant , linked purely to the initial cost of financing ) .
Unlike coal - fired power , its costs includes all externalities as wind creates no pollution , emits no carbon , and requires no strip mining .
It 's probably still more expensive than nuclear , but not always , and not by such a margin that it should be ignored as a large scale source of power .
Disclaimer : as many of you know , I finance the wind power sector .
Do note , however , that I also finance the conventional power sector .
Which makes me informed of the costs and advantages of each , I guess ...
A war is brewing between Iran and Google , culminating in the complete shutdown of the Internet behemoth 's Gmail service -- and the country 's announcement of plans to create a first - of - its - kind national e-mail service , a local journalist says .
The Gmail shutdown -- and a clampdown on Internet access overall -- comes amid widespread demonstrations against the Iranian government surrounding Thursday 's 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
Iran blocked access to the Internet in December ahead of protests on National Students Day , as well .
A local journalist , whose identity is being withheld for his protection , told FoxNews.com that the Iranian government has been angrily eyeing Google for the eight months , since the company 's June 18 launch of Google Farsi -- a site that translates Web pages from English into Persian , making the entire Internet available to Iranians .
" Since June , when they launched Google Farsi , the authorities have been furious , " the journalist told FoxNews.com .
And now Iran is taking on Google openly .
Saeed Mahdyun , a telecommunications official , told the semiofficial ILNA news agency on Wednesday that Gmail would be blocked , and users will be encouraged to switch to local e-mail services .
" There 's a war going on between the [ state - owned Telecommunication Company of Iran ( TCI ) ] and Google , and Iran is getting more and more unhappy about what Google is doing , " the journalist told FoxNews.com .
" Gmail is completely shut down .
Google is on and off , and Hotmail , Yahoo and all the major e-mail accounts have been shut down , " he told FoxNews .
" The Internet is extremely slow in Tehran ; north of Tehran it has been shut down completely .
West of Tehran we can still send out reports to the outside world , but it 's extremely slow . "
Google has confirmed the Gmail block , telling FoxNews.com that " we have heard from users in Iran that they are having trouble accessing Gmail .
We can confirm a sharp drop in traffic , and we have looked at our own networks and found that they are working properly . "
" We strongly believe that people everywhere should have the ability to communicate freely online .
Sadly , sometimes it is not within our control , " a company spokesman said .
He would not comment on overall relations with Iran .
The face - off echoes the ongoing standoff between Google and China over censorship in that nation .
On Jan 12 , David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer , announced " a new approach to China " on the company 's blog .
Following the detection of cyberattacks intended to access the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists , and the ongoing censorship in the country , Drummond wrote that Google would " review the feasibility of our business operations in China . "
" We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China . "
Meanwhile , a spokesman for Microsoft said that the company is actively investigating the situation , but had no immediate comment on the company 's position regarding Iran .
Following Google 's announcement of plans to withdraw from China , Microsoft stated that its search engine , Bing , and other company software and services would remain in the country and would continue to comply with censorship demands .
On Wednesday the State Department criticized Iran over the restrictions it has placed on the Internet .
" While information technologies are enabling people around the world to communicate like never before , the Iranian government seems determined to deny its citizens access to information , the ability to express themselves freely , network and share ideas , " said State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley .
" Virtual walls wo n't work in the 21st century any better than physical walls worked in the 20th century .
The Iranian people are dynamic and determined and will find a way to overcome the obstacles the Iranian government puts in their way . "
I ’m reposting an essay I wrote in 2007 about another mine disaster .
It ’s relevant to what ’s happening now in West Virginia .
In March 2007 , I testified before a House subcommittee on energy and mineral resources about the impact of climate change on public lands .
There were seven witnesses , and one was Robert Murray , founder of Murray Energy and owner of the Crandall Canyon Mine in Utah .
This , as everyone knows , is the mine that later collapsed , burying six miners ; then it killed three men who were attempting a rescue when the mine collapsed again .
Murray , who sat next to me , shouted most of his testimony as he reiterated one point : Carbon regulation of any sort would hurt poor working people and the families who depend on his coal mines for their livelihood .
He said , “ The unfolding debate is totally skewed and one - sided , and it is preoccupied with possible speculative environmental disasters of climate change .
Few are giving adequate attention to the destruction that we will definitely see … for American working people from … climate change proposals that have been introduced in the Congress … ” Murray is apparently so adamant on this point that he used a press conference after the mine cave - in to continue his lobbying .
Robert Murray became the public face of the mine disaster , but he ’s also an American success story , a free - market wunderkind and a darling of the right .
“ I am the founder of Murray Energy Corporation from a mortgaged home , ” he told Congress proudly .
“ The United States of America is a wonderful country .
Today , I have 3,000 employees working in the most depressed areas of the United States of America . ”
The mine disaster , and Murray ’s position on climate change , can also be seen as American entrepreneurship gone bad ; it ’s the story of how one ’s balance sheet slowly becomes corrupted by the drive to get more , or get it faster , or get it cheaper .
People have been working in the Crandall Canyon Mine for more than 60 years .
In 1997 , the company bought a longwall , an advanced piece of mining equipment , which dramatically increased production .
But then the coal ran out .
According to the industry newsletter , Coal & Energy Price Report , the mine was near the end of its life , producing 604,000 tons in 2006 , down from 1.6 million tons in 2005 .
Production dropped by more than half in the last 12 months .
Unwilling to just shut it down , Murray ’s company embarked on a new plan to extract every last bit from the mine .
According to an expert quoted by the Deseret Morning News , the Crandall Mine before the recent disaster was pulling out coal that should have been left standing to support the roof .
The operators used a tactic known as “ retreat mining , ” where miners pull the remaining pillars of coal and collapse the mine behind them .
The federal Mine Safety and Health Administration may have allowed the mine to remove too much .
When he lobbies in Washington against any action dealing with climate change , Robert Murray stakes out a position in defense of the American working family ; yet his own mines are notorious for safety violations .
Crandall Canyon has received 325 citations since January 2004 , 116 of them “ significant and substantial , ” according to the government .
This year alone , inspectors issued 32 citations , 14 of them significant , and last month , inspectors said the mine violated a rule requiring the maintenance of two separate emergency escape passages in any given workspace .
Ironically , MSHA found that this was one of the country ’s safer mines , with fewer fatalities and fewer safety violations last year than the national average .
Murray ’s other mine , in Ohio , also has a long history of safety violations , including five deaths in the last decade , according to a report by the Columbus Dispatch .
Carbon regulation could hardly hurt mining families more than killing off a member of the family .
But Murray has painted himself as the friend of miners , showing his scars to say he is one of them .
He presents himself as patriotic , humble and well intentioned .
But speaking at televised news conferences during the Utah mine disaster , he appeared just the way I saw him in a Washington , D.C. , hearing room — boastful , self - righteous , and arrogant .
You could say that Murray has fathered twin disasters .
The underground disaster cost the lives of nine men and injured six others .
The other disaster will occur in the atmosphere if his lobbying continues to be successful , and it will permanently affect the lives of the miners ’ children .
In both cases , Murray is doing what it takes to make his business flourish .
Finished with the Crandall Mine , which he has now closed forever , Murray intends to begin retreat - mining the sky , pulling the very heavens down upon us all with the misguided sense that this is what his country wants of him .
SOUTH BEND , IN — Despite having no natural enemies and belonging to a species that completely dominates its ecosystem , local IT manager Reggie Atkinson opted to consume the processed corn snack Bugles Monday .
" I was in the mood for something salty and crunchy , and it's a little early for dinner , " said the ultimate predator , whose ancestors ' bipedal locomotion , toolmaking abilities , and advanced spatial recognition developments allowed them to hunt animals 10 times their size .
" These are original , but the other flavors are pretty good , too . "
Acting on an impulse from an incredibly complex forebrain that has evolved over millions of years , Atkinson then took note of the Bugles ' amusing conical shape and placed one on each of his opposable thumbs like little wizard hats .
Advertisement
Capcom 's recent announcement of the addition of jumping to Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 got us thinking about classic video game characters whose lives have been changed by the addition of brand new moves .
Here 's a few of the stand - outs .
Advertisement
Of course , we start with the one freshest in our minds :
Bionic Commando Rearmed 2
Puts the Jump in Retro Fun
Due out early next year , Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 gives the famously flat - footed , bionic - armed … Read more
Advertisement
Bionic Commando - Jumping
Debuting In : Bionic Commando Rearmed 2 - 2011 - PSN , Xbox Live Arcade
The Move : After two game 's ( that count , at least ) worth of running and swinging , Nathan Spencer finally scores that most basic of video game character abilities - jumping .
Remember when we used to consider jumping optional ?
We were such dorks back then .
Lasting Impact :
It 's too early to tell , but what could possibly go wrong with jumping ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Runner - Up : Last year 's Bionic Commando's ability to not be mentioned in any of the press for this new game .
Advertisement
Mega Man - The Slide
Debuted In : Mega Man 3 - 1990 - Nintendo Entertainment System
The Move : Just as the name implies , Mega Man 3 gave our robot buddy the ability to slide , avoiding projectiles and bypassing spaces normally too low for him to pass .
Other games might have gotten around this by letting their characters crawl or duck down , but not Mega Man.
Mega Man is special .
Advertisement
Lasting Impact :
The slide is a staple of the Mega Man universe nowadays , appearing in the series ' flagship titles , as well as fighting games like Marvel Vs. Capcom .
Like it or not , Mega Man is forever a slider .
Runner - Up : Mega Man X5 for the PlayStation finally allowed Mega Man characters to duck .
Knee technology has come a long way .
Advertisement
Super Mario Bros. - The Wall Jump
Debuted In : Super Mario 64 - 1996 - Nintendo 64
The Move : Nintendo's Mario series has been in a constantly evolving state since the plumber first appeared back in 1981 's Donkey Kong as Jumpman .
Each new game in the series brings new power - ups , new outfits , and new moves for players to employ in the never - ending quest to save the princess , but Totilo and I agree that one move made a bigger difference than the others , and that 's the Wall Kick , or Wall Jump .
Advertisement
The Wall Jump first appeared in Super Mario 64 , the first 3D game in the series , and its addition made complete sense in that game .
There was more ground to cover , so players needed new ways to cover it .
Being able to slide down walls and jump off of them felt pretty natural in the 3D environment , taking our heroic plumber to higher heights than ever before .
Lasting Impact :
It was n't until the New Super Mario Bros. for the DS that the Wall Jump would appear in a traditional side - scrolling Mario game , debuting in New Super Mario Bros. for the Nintendo DS and returning for New Super Mario Bros .
Wii .
The move has also appeared in Super Smash Bros .
Melee , Super Smash Bros.
Brawl , Super Mario Galaxy , and Super Mario Sunshine .
It seems to be here to stay .
Advertisement
Runner - Up : Everything else Nintendo has added to Mario over the years .
Advertisement
Sonic the Hedgehog - Spin Dash
Debuted In : Sonic The Hedgehog 2 - 1992 - Sega Genesis
The Move : Sonic the Hedgehog debuted on the Sega Genesis in 1990 , and a whole generation of gamers fell in love with Sega 's new mascot , who displayed speed unlike anything we 'd seen in a video game before .
In 1991 , Sonic got even faster in Sonic the Hedgehog 2 , when Sega introduced the Spin Dash .
Holding down the d-pad and mashing a button revved up our little blue friend and then shot him like a bullet across the stage , taking out barriers and enemies alike .
Advertisement
Lasting Impact : I could n't imagine Sonic without his Spin Dash today .
It 's an expected feature now , with Sonic taking it along for the ride to Super Smash Bros .
Brawl on the Nintendo Wii. Some Sonic the Hedgehog game compilations even patch the first Sonic game to allow use of the move .
Runner - Up : Sonic 's more recent ability to suck was not nearly as appreciated by fans .
Advertisement
Street Fighter - Super Combos
Debuted In : Super Street Fighter II Turbo - 1994 - Arcade
The Move :
It 's amazing that such a simple concept can change a genre forever .
For this 1994 enhanced version of Super Street Fighter II , Capcom gave players a super meter that , once filled , would allow them to unleash super combos - generally hyper- powerful versions of the character 's normal special moves .
Advertisement
Lasting Impact : Super combos have been in every Street Fighter game since , undergoing several mechanics tweaks and changes , but essentially remaining super bad - ass moves that make your opponent cry .
The impact extends far beyond the Street Fighter franchise , however .
It 's gotten to the point where if a 2D fighter does n't feature special moves that fill the screen with lighting effects and flying fists , it just does n't seem right .
Runner - Up : The ability to fight against Marvel characters .
What other video game characters have seen the benefit of news moves ?
How about Lara Croft 's crawling skills , or Duke Nukem 's ability to never have his game released ?
The comment section is yours , ladies and gentlemen , to do as you see fit .
Looking for wannabe FreeBSD / EC2 users
I want to use FreeBSD in Amazon EC2 .
Based on feedback I 've had in the past , I know I 'm not alone .
Unfortunately there is some work which needs to be done in FreeBSD to make it work on EC2 .
If you want to use FreeBSD on EC2 , please send me an email with as much as possible of the following information :
How many instances , of which types , would you expect to use ?
If you had to pick one or the other , would you prefer i386 support ( 32 - bit -- EC2 small and medium instances ) or amd64 support ( 64 - bit -- EC2 large , XL , 2XL , and 4XL instances ) ?
What purpose would you be using EC2 for ( e.g. , web servers , video encoding , high performance computing , et cetera ) ?
What applications would you be running ?
( This is relevant for testing purposes . )
Can you provide any funding for development ?
( If yes , how much can you contribute ? )
To clarify that last point :
The availability of development funding is useful both as a measure of community interest and for convincing FreeBSD developers to work on this -- I 'm not personally looking for money from this , but I 'm not able to do all the work required for this .
Disqus
Logos last a lifetime .
At least they ‚Äôre supposed to , right ?
Most of us agree that when designing a logo , it ‚Äôs best to avoid the latest trends ( think corporate swoosh ‚ Äîbleh ! ) and stick with a composition that will look good in 10 years .
So the question I ‚Äôve been mulling over for the past month is :
Does this rule also apply to web design ?
Let ‚Äôs face it ‚Äîwebsites from 10 years ago look ancient .
They ‚Äôre obviously outdated and old - fashioned .
Since the web is such a quickly - changing field , anything we design today will probably look dated in 10 years , or even 2 years .
If that ‚Äôs the case , how much should we use modern trends in our web design ?
This is a complicated question with many factors to consider .
In my opinion , your web design should prove your relevance by using the latest trends , but the design should be usable and stay true to who you are .
Here ’s why .
Web design is part of your brand .
Your company ‚Äôs brand ( or your client ‚ Äôs brand ) is made up of the entire customer experience , from the logo to the print collateral to the purchase experience and customer service .
The website is an important part of the brand , but it ‚Äôs not as foundational as the logo .
The logo is the visual part of your brand that should be recognized instantly , so it really shouldn
‚
Äôt change from month to month or even yearly .
In contrast , your website could change every year and still be recognizable as your company and your brand , as long as the logo and other brand elements are used consistently .
But how much should a website change ?
Should your website ( or your clients ‚ Äô websites ) incorporate the latest web trends or not ?
Maintain basic usability .
Web design trends are constantly changing , but the basic principles of usability remain fairly constant .
Some of the most successful companies today have a basic website structure that has not changed much in the past 10 - 15 years .
For example , Amazon ‚Äôs design is very similar to what it was 11 years ago .
Here are screenshots of Amazon.com from October , 1999 and March , 2010 :
Apple has also kept a similar site structure over the years ‚
Äîthe graphics have evolved , but the basic layout is the same : navigation across the top with large product image featured below .
Here are screenshots of Apple.com from February 2000 and March 2010 .
If you work hard to create a basic layout and information structure that is easy to navigate , you won ‚Äôt have to make major changes every month or every year .
Web trends change quickly .
One current hype in web design is the ‚ Äúweb 2.0 ‚ Äù look .
Web 2.0 is a fuzzy term , since it can refer to either the current evolution of the Internet into a more social community , or to the popular design trend using gradients , large sans - serif typography , and vector art .
In this article when I talk about web 2.0 , I ‚Äôm referring to the design trend .
Lots of great websites make use of the web 2.0 look ( Freelance Switch , Tea Round , and Lemon Stand , to name a few ) .
Is it bad for them to be trendy by using a design that will probably be outdated in a few years ?
Not necessarily .
Trendy can be relevant .
For us designers , a big part of the value that we can offer clients is that we are relevant .
In other words , we are valuable to our clients because we understand current technology , current markets , and how to relate to people ( customers ) through the latest technology in a visually - pleasing manner .
If your site looks outdated , you are communicating bad things to potential clients .
Your value is diminished in their minds .
When creating a website for a client , this sense of being in touch with the times is always important , but varies depending on the client ‚Äôs industry .
As I mentioned before , web design is part of your brand , so your brand needs to communicate that you are in touch with your clients ‚
Äô needs and know how to meet them .
One way to do this is through using design trends in an appropriate way .
One website that has raised the bar for its competitors is CNN.com .
In my opinion , CNN ‚ Äôs website is clean and scannable , in contrast with other major news network sites like FoxNews and MSNBC , which I think are cluttered and busy .
CNN uses their classic logo while updating their site ‚Äôs design to show that they are relevant and with the times , and this relevance adds value to the network ‚Äôs brand .
The websites of FoxNews and MSNBC are n’t terrible , but CNN ’s is better .
Do n’t be a follower .
Don‚Äôt let your use of trends overpower your own style , and do n’t let trends dictate your brand development .
Be yourself !
Pick and choose how you are going to use the latest visual effects , and then let your own personality ( or your client ‚ Äôs personality ) flow through the whole design .
It ‚Äôs hard work to be creatively unique !
It ‚Äôs much easier to go with the flow , using the latest trends and failing to really create something that is YOU .
Timeless or trendy ?
Both !
Use the latest visual trends whenever it ‚Äôs appropriate , but make sure your own brand is the foundation .
Usability is much more important than using the latest trends , so first of all , create a usable site .
Then apply appropriate eye candy .
There is a big difference between the philosophy of logo design and that of web design .
While a logo should stand alone as a good piece of design , regardless of current trends , a website should probably be more influenced by the design culture .
If you can use current trends in typography , layout , and graphics while maintaining usability and without abusing your brand , go for it !
More than a quarter of those letters come from one state : Texas .
Sexual abuse is a problem in prisons from Rikers Island to Albany .
But even when adjusted for the number inmates in a given prison system , Texas still stands out as the state where sexual assault in prison is most prevalent .
Five of the 10 prisons with the highest rates of sexual abuse in the country are in Texas .
That includes the top two , Estelle Unit and Clements Unit .
Garrett Cunningham was an inmate at the Luther Unit in Navasota in 2000 , when he says a corrections officer twice his size accosted him on his way to the shower , handcuffed him , raped him and then forced him into the shower .
Cunningham said the officer threatened to have him transferred to “ a rougher unit where I would be raped all the time ” if he told anyone .
Cunningham told his story to a panel of congressmen investigating sexual abuse in prisons in 2005 .
“ Many men and women in Texas experience sexual abuse at the hands of officer and other prisoners , ” Cunningham said .
“ Their pleas for help go unanswered by administrators and staff . ”
While sexual abuse in prison is not a problem that is unique to Texas , federal statistics suggest that it 's most pervasive in the Lone Star State .
More for you News Registered sex offender turns up as TYC officer
New federal standards
Now , the federal government is implementing new standards for prisons , jails and other lockups in what advocates and the Department of Justice call a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to end sex abuse behind bars .
“ This is something that I think needs to be done , not tomorrow , but yesterday , ” Attorney General Eric Holder told the House Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , Science and Related Agencies last month .
New standards were proposed last June by a commission formed after passage of the Prison Rape Elimination Act in 2003 .
Facilities will have one year to implement the final recommendations , due this year and subject to federal approval .
“ Protecting prisoners from sexual abuse remains a challenge in correctional facilities across the country , ” the commission for the new law stated in its 259 - page report .
“ Too often , in what should be secure environments , men , women and children are raped or abused by other incarcerated individuals and corrections staff . ”
The alarming rank of the Estelle Unit , on FM 3478 in Huntsville , came after the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics surveyed inmates in hundreds of state and federal prisons , as well as county lockups , for the new law .
Nationwide , the rate of inmates reporting sexual victimization within a prior 12 - month period was 4.5 percent .
At Estelle , it was 15.7 percent .
Four other Texas prisons were in the top 10 , including the Clements Unit in Amarillo , the Allred Unit near Wichita Falls , the Mountain View Unit near Gatesville , and the Coffield Unit near Tennessee Colony .
Those prisons had rates of abuse from 9.3 to 13.9 percent .
Texas ‘ at forefront '
Texas officials say that the rates of abuse reflected in that report may have been artificially inflated by the report 's methodology , which recorded inmates ' complaints without attempting to verify their validity .
State prison personnel say they 've already made progress in educating prisons ' employees and inmates alike about the need to combat sexual abuse and the options that are available to them if they 've already been attacked .
Texas is the only state in the country to have a special prosecution unit that specializes in crimes committed in prisons .
And the state has implemented the Safe Prisons Program , designed to educate inmates about sexual assault and separate likely abusers from potential victims .
“ Texas is actually at the forefront of trying to stop sexual violence in prisons , ” prosecutor Gina DeBottis said .
The inmate protection unit , which DeBottis now heads , was launched in the 1980s to cope with a rash of gang - related murders in Texas prisons .
But now , the organization 's nine prosecutors and seven investigators handle prison - crime cases involving everything from murder to contraband .
They also prosecute sexual abuse cases , both when inmates assault other inmates and corrections officials attack inmates .
Linda McFarlane , deputy director of Just Detention , said there are many individuals within the Texas Department of Criminal Justice who are committed to fixing the problem .
But she says the sprawling system , with its huge numbers of prisons and prisoners , is hard to police .
“ What I 've picked up is that the culture in those prisons is that each one is sort of entity unto itself , ” McFarlane said .
“ That makes it very difficult to make and enforce policy that is consistent across the entire system . ”
Some sex not coerced
Nationwide , inmates report more sexual abuse at the hands of guards than fellow inmates .
The same is often true in Texas prisons .
At Clements Unit , 5 percent of inmates said they 'd been pressured or forced into sex with other inmates , while 11 percent of them reported being pressured or forced into sex with prison staff .
The Prison Rape Elimination
Act commission report said the young , mentally disabled , those with small stature and lack of experience in jails , and gay prisoners all appear to be at increased risk of sexual abuse by other prisoners .
Not all sex between corrections officers and inmates is coerced ; 6 percent of Clements inmates reported consensual sex with staff .
But even if an inmate is willing to have sex with a corrections officer , it is illegal .
Because of guards ' position of power over their charges , prisoners cannot legally consent to sex with corrections officers .
In Texas , corrections officers can be — and DeBottis says often are — prosecuted for any sexual contact with an inmate , including kissing .
Holder has until June to act on the commission 's recommendations , which include use of video to prevent sex abuse ; housing changes and transfers for victims ; sanctions for any inmates or staffers engaging in abuse and written agreements with outside law enforcement agencies and prosecutors to investigate allegations of sex abuse .
Meredith Simons reported from Washington .
Robert Gavin reported from Albany .
meredith.simons@chron.com
VATICAN CITY – The Vatican heatedly defended Pope Benedict XVI on Tuesday , claiming accusations that he helped cover up the actions of pedophile priests are part of an anti-Catholic " hate " campaign targeting the pope for his opposition to abortion and same - sex marriage .
Vatican Radio broadcast comments by two senior cardinals explaining " the motive for these attacks " on the pope and the Vatican newspaper chipped in with spirited comments from another top cardinal .
"
The pope defends life and the family , based on marriage between a man and a woman , in a world in which powerful lobbies would like to impose a completely different " agenda , Spanish Cardinal Julian Herranz , head of the disciplinary commission for Holy See officials , said on the radio .
Herranz did n't identify the lobbies but " defense of life " is Vatican shorthand for anti-abortion efforts .
Also arguing that Benedict 's promotion of conservative family models had provoked the so - called attacks was the Vatican 's dean of the College of Cardinals , Angelo Sodano .
"
By now , it 's a cultural contrast , " Sodano told the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano .
" The pope embodies moral truths that are n't accepted , and so , the shortcomings and errors of priests are used as weapons against the church . "
Also rallying to Benedict 's side was Italian Cardinal Giovanni Lajolo , who heads the Vatican City State 's governing apparatus .
The pope " has done all that he could have " against sex abuse by clergy of minors , Lajolo said on Vatican radio , decrying what he described as a campaign of " hatred against the Catholic church . " Rev. Rebecca Voelkel , a Minneapolis , Minnesota - based minister in the United Church of Christ who is faith work director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force , described the cardinals ' comments as " diversionary counterattacks " that are an affront both to the victims of clergy abuse and to gays and lesbians .
" It makes me heartsick , " she said .
Sex abuse allegations , as well as accusations of cover-ups by diocesan bishops and Vatican officials , have swept across Europe in recent weeks .
Benedict has been criticized for not halting the actions of abusive priests when he was a Vatican cardinal and earlier while he was the archbishop of Munich in his native Germany .
The mainland European scandals — in Germany , Italy , Austria , Denmark and Switzerland — are erupting after decades of abuse cases in the United States , Canada , Australia , Ireland and other areas .
In Germany , nearly 2,700 people called the church 's sexual abuse hot line in the first three days it was operating , a Catholic church spokesman said Tuesday .
A team of psychologists and other experts have spoken with 394 people so far , ranging from several minutes up to an hour , Trier Diocese spokesman Stephan Kronenburg said .
" Most callers reported cases of sexual abuse , " he told The Associated Press .
Benedict has ignored victims ' demands that he accept responsibility for what they say is his own personal and institutional responsibility for failing to swiftly kick abusive priests out of the priesthood , or at least keep them away from children .
But he has been protected by a vanguard of senior Vatican prelates who are fending off what they contend is an orchestrated attempt to attack the leader of the world 's more than 1 billion Catholics .
The Vatican No. 2 official , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , rebuffed questions about the pontiff 's silence on the topic , indicating that Benedict was standing firm .
" He 's a strong pope , " he told reporters after arriving Tuesday in Chile .
The Italian news agency ANSA quoted him as calling Benedict a " great prophet of the Third Millennium .
" Bertone , now the Holy See 's secretary of state but formerly Benedict 's deputy when the future pope , then - called Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , headed the Vatican 's morals office , has himself been swept up in the scandals .
During a May 1998 meeting at the Vatican , Bertone told Wisconsin bishops to halt a church trial against an ailing priest who was accused of sexually abusing 200 deaf children , according to a Vatican transcript .
The priest died soon afterward .
" It 's not true , it 's not true !
We have documented the opposite , " ANSA quoted Bertone as saying in Chile .
" Let 's not talk about this topic now , because otherwise we 'll be here all day verifying precisely the action taken by me and by his eminence .
" On Easter , the most important day in the Catholic faith , the Vatican broke with tradition and began its service in St. Peter 's Square with a ringing defense of Benedict delivered by Cardinal Sodano .
The Vatican newspaper quoted Sodano on Tuesday as saying the church is " certainly " suffering because of pedophile priests but he asserted that " Benedict XVI has apologized several times . " " But it 's not Christ 's fault if Judas betrayed " him , Sodano said .
" It 's not a bishop 's fault if one of his priests is stained by grave wrongdoing .
And certainly the pontiff is not responsible . " " Behind the unjust attacks on the pope are visions of the family and of life that run contrary to the Gospel , " Sodano said .
" Now the accusation of pedophile is being brandished against the church .
" He noted that past popes have also been criticized , including the " offensive against Pius XII for his conduct during the last World War as well as that against Paul VI " for his encyclical against birth control , the cardinal said .
Pius has been accused by Jewish groups and some scholars as not having done enough to save Jews from the Holocaust , although the Vatican contends he used behind - the - scene diplomacy to help them .
Benedict has hailed Pius as a " great " pontiff , who is being considered for possible beatification .
Vatican Radio , presenting listeners with some of the most vehement counterattacks yet , depicted the church as a victim .
" There are those who fear the media campaign of anti-Catholic hatred can degenerate , " Vatican Radio said .
It noted anti-Catholic graffiti on walls of a church outside Viterbo , a town near Rome , and reminded listeners that a bishop was attacked by a man during Easter Mass in Muenster , Germany .
The bishop fought back with an incense bowl .
The radio likened the recent campaign to the persecution suffered by early Christian martyrs .
" The crowds , incited by the slanders of the powerful , would lynch the Christians , " the radio said .
In Munich , meanwhile , an independent lawyer hired by the Catholic church wrapped up his investigation of abuse allegations at the southern Ettal monastery .
" The investigation clearly shows a system of abuse that lasted for decades , " Thomas Pfister told The Associated Press .
There were some cases of sexual abuse at Ettal but most victims who came forward were physically abused and most cases took place before 1990 , Pfister said in a telephone interview .
The lawyer declined to elaborate as his final report will be published next week .
A Plano man was arrested Saturday for threatening a Dallas abortion clinic , but his attempts to get a restraining order against the police are only the beginning of his bizarreness .
Advertisement
Erlyndon Joseph
Lo , a 27 - year - old law school graduate and aspiring lawyer , has been charged with " using interstate commerce to communicate a threat to injure , and threatening force to intimidate and interfere with clients and employees of a reproductive health service in order . "
The reason is our first disturbing detail :
He filed a restraining order against the cops .
According to Jason Trahan of The Dallas Morning News ,
Lo went to the courthouse in Plano and formally filed a document stating his intention to go to the Southwestern Women 's Surgery Center and " use deadly force to defend the innocent life of another human being . "
He also requested a restraining order against police , barring them from using force to try to stop him .
This would be a good entry in some sort of " world 's stupidest criminals " segment , if it were n't so terrifying .
Advertisement
He sued the Supreme Court to stop abortion .
In March , Lo sued the nine members of the Supreme Court , requesting ( according to his website ) " that IMMEDIATELY all murder of an innocent human life in every single case , abortion , be rendered ILLEGAL by United States law . "
He also requested damages in the amount of $ 999 trillion .
He says , " Ultimately , I will win this case without any doubt , " and ( caps his ) ,
YOU MAY KEEP UP TO DATE WITH THIS REAL - LIFE STORY AS IT HAPPENS .
IT 'S LIKE READING A BOOK .
THIS IS NOT FICTION .
IT IS A SERIES OF REAL - LIFE EVENTS , ACTUALLY TAKING PLACE .
IT MAY BE UNBELIEVEABLE TO YOU .
IT 'S LIKE NEWS .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He believes women should die rather than get abortions .
Lo writes ,
Abortion is WRONG in EVERY case , even when a woman is raped and she did not want to have a child , EVEN WHEN SHE WILL DIE IF SHE HAS THE CHILD , AND EVEN IF THE WOMAN WILL SURVIVE ONLY IF SHE KILLS THE BABY .
That is the OBJECTIVE AND ABSOLUTE TRUTH .
THAT IS THE ONLY CORRECT ANSWER .
Advertisement
Presumably these views are informed by his religion , which he initially acquired through television :
I accepted Christ into my life when watching TV .
Some guys were really strong and breaking ice .
They invited me to accept Jesus into my life and ask him to forgive me for the ways I sinned .
I did so , and I was changed .
Advertisement
He thinks he won a debate against Barack Obama .
Lo explains ,
I challenged President Barack Obama to a public debate on abortion , which he lost by not responding .
He must have accepted my challenge before March 26 , 2010 at 5:00 p.m .
Therefore , he lost , I won [...]
Advertisement
He elaborates :
I am supremely superior to Obama .
I 'm like Lennox Lewis , and he 's like Mike Tyson .
Mike Tyson is braver than Obama , because at least Mike Tyson agreed to fight Lennox Lewis .
Obama was too cowardly / scared / indifferent to even debate me .
Advertisement
It 's pretty clear that Lo is unhinged — the Dallas Morning News quotes an FBI complaint stating that when he visited the Plano clerk 's office filed suit against the Supreme Court , he " exhibited erratic behavior , including raising his voice at members of the clerk 's office , obsessively washing his hands in the public restroom and sitting in a court witness room in the dark without authorization to enter the room . "
No doubt more mainstream anti-abortion groups will denounce him as they denounced Scott Roeder , if they acknowledge him at all .
Yet his threats and rantings are a chilling reminder that abortion clinics still are n't safe , and that one person 's insane convictions can tip debate over into violence .
Lo 's own bizarre behavior may have saved the Southwestern Women 's Surgery Center — let 's hope the FBI is on alert now , and can stop would - be assassins who may not articulate their plans so clearly .
Image via Above the Law .
Plano Man Is Arrested After Threatening Women 's Clinic [ Dallas Morning News ]
SMU Law Grad Morphs Into Anti-Abortion Warrior [ Above The Law ]
Erlyndon.com [ Official Site ]
Prezesie ufam Tobie , " cytat z dzbana " i boty .
Jak ziobryści walczyli w sieci o pozostanie w koalicji
Published online 21 April 2010 | Nature 464 , 1110 - 1111 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/4641110a
News
Researchers anxiously await a decision by US regulators on a controversial cancer therapy .
In the early 1990s , immunologist Edgar Engleman of California 's Stanford University School of Medicine thought he had discovered a way to treat cancer using a vaccine that harnessed the body 's immune cells .
He co-founded a company — later named Dendreon — in 1992 to develop the vaccine , predicting that it would reach patients within a few years .
" We were so naïve , " he says .
" We did n't know what to expect . "
A vaccine using dendritic cells might be approved .
D. SCHARF / SCIENCE FACTION / CORBIS
Now , after some 20 years of successes and setbacks , Dendreon 's prostate - cancer vaccine Provenge ( sipleucel - T ) may finally be nearing the market ; the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) is expected to reach a decision on its approval by 1 May .
If the vaccine is approved , it will mark a turning point for the field of therapeutic cancer vaccines , an approach that seemed promising but developed a disappointing reputation after several high - profile failures in clinical trials .
Although a few vaccines have been licensed for use in other countries , none has broken through to the US market .
An FDA - approved vaccine , says Theresa Whiteside , an immunologist at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in Pennsylvania , " would sort of legitimize the field " .
It would also offer a potential new treatment for patients with advanced prostate cancer , which killed more than 28,000 US men in 2008 .
Provenge is much more complex than familiar vaccines against viruses , such as measles or human papilloma virus , the cause of most cervical cancers .
The vaccine is tailor - made for each patient by harvesting his dendritic cells — a type of immune cell — and exposing them to a cancer - associated protein called prostatic acid phosphatase .
Once infused back into the patient , the exposed cells should trigger an immune assault on tumour cells .
The vaccine seemed to be on the cusp of approval three years ago , after an FDA advisory committee determined that it was both safe and effective for use in advanced prostate cancer .
But the FDA had lingering concerns , noting that Dendreon 's phase III clinical trials were relatively small .
What 's more , although Provenge extended the lifespan of men with advanced prostate cancer , it did not slow tumour growth , the endpoint that those trials were designed to address .
In a highly controversial decision , the agency ordered Dendreon , headquartered in Seattle , Washington , to complete a further large clinical trial in 500 patients , this time designating overall survival as the trial 's endpoint .
The results of that trial , released last April , showed that Provenge lengthened the survival of patients with late - stage prostate cancer by four months .
Provenge has won the fervent support of patients with prostate cancer as well as their advocates , and the company 's rising stock price ( see ' Wild ride for a cancer treatment ' ) is evidence that investors are optimistic about the vaccine 's approval .
However , it promises to be expensive .
Dendreon has not yet set a price , but some analysts estimate that it will cost up to US $ 100,000 per patient .
Meanwhile , many researchers are reserving judgement on its efficacy until Dendreon publishes the results of its latest clinical trial in a peer - reviewed journal .
Click to enlarge .
FINANCIAL DATA : NASDAQ
There are also questions over exactly how the vaccine works .
Provenge is a relatively crude mixture of different cell types , including the dendritic cells that should stimulate the immune response .
" It would be nice to know exactly what 's in there and what these other cells are contributing , " says Nina Bhardwaj , an immunologist at New York University 's Langone Medical Center in New York .
Nevertheless , given that Provenge relies on nearly 20 - year - old technology , the vaccine 's performance is impressive , says Bhardwaj .
Many first - generation cancer vaccines such as PANVAC , a pancreatic cancer vaccine , were deemed safe but failed to demonstrate that they significantly slowed the progression of cancer .
Because cancer - associated antigens — such as those used in Provenge — are also found at low levels in healthy tissue , their ability to trigger a powerful immune response may be blunted .
A second generation of vaccines , designed to provoke a stronger immune response , is under development , with some scientists now focusing on antigens that are found only on tumour cells .
One of the first vaccines to use this approach targets a mutant protein called EGFRvIII that is found in glioblastoma , an aggressive brain cancer .
The vaccine is being jointly developed by drugs giant Pfizer , based in New York , and Celldex , a biotechnology firm headquartered in Needham , Massachusetts .
Over the past decade , researchers have reached a deeper understanding of how tumours actively suppress immune responses in their immediate environment , which can dampen responses to cancer vaccines .
To overcome this , some therapies currently in development combine the vaccine with chemotherapies that are designed to counteract this immune suppression .
For example , a Seattle - based biotechnology company called Oncothyreon has developed a cancer vaccine called Stimuvax that is administered in combination with the drug cyclophosphamide .
The compound inhibits immune cells called T - regulatory cells , which block immune responses to the body 's own molecules .
Compounds that modulate the immune response could have unwanted side effects , however .
A patient in a clinical trial of Stimuvax involving high doses of cyclophosphamide developed an acute inflammation of the brain , which caused the FDA to put all Stimuvax trials on hold .
ADVERTISEMENT
A clean safety profile is crucial if cancer - vaccine developers are to improve a vaccine 's performance in clinical trials .
To date , most of these trials have enrolled patients who are in the advanced stages of cancer , which may have limited the trials ' effectiveness because such individuals may not be able to mount an effective immune response .
Now that such vaccines have been established as safe in phase II trials , clinicians are more willing to test them in healthier patients .
An ongoing large trial of a lung cancer vaccine by London - based pharmaceutical firm GlaxoSmithKline , for example , is enrolling patients at an earlier stage of the disease .
For some in the field , the struggle to create effective cancer vaccines conjures up memories of the long battle to develop antibody - based therapies , which are now a mainstay of the biotechnology industry .
There , too , a series of clinical - trial failures initially soured the field 's reputation , recalls Thomas Davis , chief medical officer at Celldex .
In the early 1990s , when Davis worked to develop rituximab — a monoclonal antibody used to treat autoimmune disorders and some cancers — he recalls that researchers in the field learned to be resilient .
" We realized you just have to test a lot of drugs to find one that works , " he says , " and it 's the same for a cancer vaccine . "
Ubuntu 10.04 is out today , and there are quite a few improvements in " Lucid Lynx , " a long - term support release .
What 's worth checking out , beyond the geeky guts ?
A pretty nifty social manager , a great music store , faster boot - ups , and more .
Advertisement
We took a look at what was new in the Lucid Lynx beta just over a month ago , and some of those features — the Mac - style , left - side window buttons , the default theme — are debatable bits of style , which can be easily changed ( including the buttons ) .
Having actually used Ubuntu for work and play , on and off for about a month , here 's what sticks out about it , from a user 's perspective .
Advertisement
Update : Phoronix , among other blogs , is noting a critical bug that will affect some users of certain Ubuntu distributions — namely , boot options for non-Ubuntu partitions can stop working .
The fix is to run sudo update - grub from a terminal , or after hitting Alt +F2 for a prompt , and Ubuntu is working on " re-spinning " the ISO images that are affected .
The Music Store and Ubuntu One Syncing
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I gave Ubuntu One , the free , 2GB cloud syncing service included with every Ubuntu desktop , a hard time when it first launched .
It was , I thought , basically a Dropbox clone that only worked on Ubuntu .
With the inclusion of the Ubuntu One music store , a DRM - free MP3 market with a surprisingly robust artist roster , and an early version of contact syncing , Ubuntu One makes a lot more sense .
When you buy music from the store , it 's automatically synced into your Ubuntu One space , and can then be downloaded onto at least three other computers that are n't running Ubuntu One .
Your contacts on mobile devices , and from email desktop clients , should theoretically be hooked together too , and Ubuntu One looks a lot more like a Dropbox clone that makes Ubuntu work better .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ubuntu is continuing its obsession with improving boot - up times .
I did n't notice it on the first , second , or maybe even third start - up of the Ubuntu daily build I 've been using for the past week , but now Ubuntu 10.04 starts up at a pretty unbelievable pace , on a 2.0 GHz system with 2 GB of physical memory .
If Ubuntu wants to start winning hearts and minds among the laptop , netbook , and , heck , tablet communities , super - fast startup is a good goal to have .
Social Apps and the " Me " Menu
Advertisement
If you do n't use , and in fact actively dislike , social networks like Twitter , Facebook , Flickr , or FriendFeed , you wo n't much care about Gwibber , a streamlined social network aggregator that 's built into Ubuntu 10.04 .
It 's a really nice client , with desktop notifications of replies and messages , and a very elegant view of all your messages at once .
But it 's just one of many changes made to how Ubuntu handles messages .
Your new email , contacts , IM messages ( using the default Empathy app ) , and , yes , tweets arrive through a " Me " menu , latched onto the status bar as a tiny mail icon that turns green when there 's new stuff .
It fits a certain style of communication — instant notifications of new stuff , but all tucked away for whenever you 're ready .
Those behaviors can , of course , be tweaked , but it's an interesting offering overall : an operating system that comes with built - in messaging control .
Simplified Default Apps
Advertisement
Ubuntu 10.04 took out the open source Photoshop alternative GIMP , and the very densely - optioned XSane scanner application .
In their place , they put in a dead - easy Simple Scan , while allowing those who need more than basic photo manager editing to install GIMP in quick fashion .
Smart moves , we 'd argue , because GIMP and XSane are tools for those who know exactly what they need , not easy defaults .
Replacing Pidgin with Empathy for an instant messenger client was probably a tough call , but given how it integrates with the Me menu , it makes sense .
Advertisement
PiTiVi Video Editor
Advertisement
Ubuntu 's new PiTiVi Video Editor does n't support every video format you 've ever heard of , and it's a fairly simple drag - and - drop , cut - and - paste linear video editor .
But — it 's a video editor , and it can actually stitch together a watchable video of your birthday party ( most parties , anyways ) .
This is one of the main things we 've always wanted to see in Ubuntu , and it will , hopefully , get better with each release .
Advertisement
What new features or changes are you liking most about Ubuntu 10.04 ?
What do you wish you could change back , or see move forward in the next release ?
Speak up in the town square of comments .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Grayson Introduces Medicare Buy - In as Kucinich Caves "
( 29 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ska -T said on 3/17/2010 @ 6:03 pm PT ...
Fight for a Real Public Option Continues ...
The " fight " will only become a real contest when The People are willing to take it to the streets ( as they do in places like France , Greece , Iran , Thailand , etc ) .
What is the chance of that happening in today 's US ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/17/2010 @ 6:14 pm PT ...
Nancy Pelosi probably told Kucinich that he'd be serving his last term if he did n't play ball .
Fuck it , Dennis , run for Prez as an Independent , get Grayson as your VP .
My vote is in the bank for you .
Democrats are beyond spineless .
Where 's my change , you sons - of - bitches ?
Running this country as if the Repugnants had won the election .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/17/2010 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Of course Dennis caved .
He always caves .
What I heard was that Obama gave him a ride on Air Force One and talked to him .
But Kucinich , for all his posturing , is a good Democrat , and can always , just like his party leadership , be counted upon to cave to corporate interests .
Whether Grayson is sincere or is being groomed as the next designated shill for the Democratic Party ( the shill is the one who makes it look like there is still at least one good person in the party , as a way to get out the vote for the corporate interests the party represents ) .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/17/2010 @ 7:23 pm PT ...
I worked for Dennis starting in Jan. 2004 .
He is a fighter .
He did not " cave " .
I been watching him closely for 12 years .
Seen him valiantly standing all alone many times take the people 's fight , by himself , for us , right into the belly of the beast .
Repeatedly .
On small issues and large .
I 've seen him at some very trying times .
It isnt easy bucking your party leadership time and time again on matters of principal .
Being illegaly excluded from debates , all media on attack mode since he has been the ONLY one in Washington fighting their masters .
I never have seen a look on his face like the one I saw today .
I dont know what was said on that plane ride , but I will bet some ugly threats were proferred .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/17/2010 @ 7:28 pm PT ...
maybe cheney was there , he and obama shifted into lizard people , then they watched video of the Cheney / rove hits on Wellstone , Connell , Tillman ..... my man was shook , had to be terrifying whatever he learned .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Bob said on 3/17/2010 @ 7:52 pm PT ...
Dennis sold out , anyone pretending he did not is kidding themselves .
The guy , not even a week ago , was out there saying this bill was a total sellout to insurance companies and it was bad for the people .
Yet today , after absolutely nothing has changed ( aside from some Obama face time and a ride on AF1 ) he 's voting for it .
Read the reasons he lists for why he is voting for it too , it has nothing to do with him seeing any changes that counter his objections .
No , he 's voting for it because it will help save Obama 's political career .
What a disgrace .
What a sellout .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/17/2010 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
Right , Bob .
Here 's the story on the Muckraker : Kucinich To Vote Yes On Health Care Reform -- Here 's Why Saving Obama 's legitimacy is a joke .
Does the fact that Obama has expanded the wars of aggression and the bailouts beyond Bush 's wildest dreams ( heck , even beyond Sarah Palin 's wildest dreams ) make him legitimate ?
What Obama probably told Dennis was , " You 're either with me or you 're with the terrorists . "
CamusRebel , it is only difficult to buck your organization 's leadership if you 've joined an organized crime syndicate like the Mafia , the Ku Klux Klan , or the Democratic ( or Republican ) Party .
If you only join organizations that are n't criminal in nature and have a democratic form of governance , there 's no " leadership " to buck because the decisions come from the bottom , not from the top .
Compare the way your city is run with the way that your local Co - Op is run .
The former is hierarchical , the latter is egalitarian .
In preserving the two - party system , Dennis is preserving an undemocratic form of government .
The more democratic a government is , the more their citizens have a say in decisions and policies , and the more likely they are to have free health care and other programs that promote the general welfare .
The less democratic the government , the more likely that decisions are made by the corporations and government exists solely to carry out the corporate agenda at the expense of the general welfare .
Dennis is a shill and a sell - out .
We 'll see what happens with Grayson .
You can't tell between elections , when the shills posture for the populace , you have to look at election time and see if they throw their support to the warmongers and corporate cronies , betraying everything they 've been posturing about between elections .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Luigi | Postcard Printing said on 3/17/2010 @ 10:38 pm PT ...
I just could n't believe that there is no public option .
What 's with that ?
We are talking about welfare here and the public does n't have a say on that ?
Unbelievable .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/17/2010 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
They will fix it .
They have the ability to fix it .
They better fucking fix it !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/18/2010 @ 5:39 am PT ...
No , Chris , they 're not .
They could have done it right the first time .
I do n't believe there is any intention of fixing it .
The ' fix ' is off the table .
( Where have I heard that before ? )
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/18/2010 @ 5:59 am PT ...
The anti-Kucinich hysteria reached fevor pitch when the little CIA pussybitch Markos threw a hissy fit .
It reminds me of 2003 when Dennis was the sole voice of peace among the dem prez candidates .
Then out of nowhere , the powers that be create a manchurian alternative " peace candidate " in Howard Dean .
Kucinich had been coming in first by wide margins on many online progressive polls .
Then the media began singing Dean 's praises 24/ 7 .
He was on the cover of Time and Newsweek the same week .
This shows how terrified they were about Dennis , they thought integrity had long been extinct .
He wanted to repeal NAFTA , he wanted to exterminate the health insurance blood - suckers , slash Pentagon budget , create a Department of Peace .
Find a powerful lobby , he was against it .
When a post debate ABC poll said a majority thought Dennis had kicked the asses of all the soulless sellouts ( Obama .
Clinton , Edwards etc. ) the results were promptly disappeared .
It has been like this for a while and I am sure it can get to a man .
Alan Grayson ?
An empty suit from AIPAC ?
Harvard lawyer who just was installed in Jan '09 is now the progressive 's new hero ????
That is f'd up on too many levels .
Hopefully Dennis will follow Cynthia and I to the Green Party where we can blow up 9/11 truth and start hanging the bastards .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/18/2010 @ 7:53 am PT ...
Unless someone has a crystal ball and can see how the future unfolds and what is most likely to bring change and what kind of change and what not , I do n't see how the hell anyone can tell whether this is a cave , or trying to do the best he can in an untenable situation , or what it is .
The way I see it there is more going on here than attempts at health care reform .
There is a Republican Party trying to pull the universe down with them in their dysfunctional , sociopathic slide into oblivion .
Maybe this pathetic piece of shit legislation as the best our spineless Democrats can do should be opposed no matter what .
That 's what I 've been inclined to think up ' til now .
But maybe as stinky as it is it's also something of a deterrent to the impossibly fucked up non-program for anything except straight to hell the Republicans promote .
I do n't fucking know .
But the way commenters here are turning on Kucinich without knowing shit about what went into his decision and after how much of the time he 's been a lone voice makes me sick .
Me , I 'll be taking him at his word .
I have no reason not to .
I 'll keep my eyes open but for me he 's got a lot of goodwill in the bank .
This is exactly why I 've stayed away from group politics .
The same sort of mean - spirited intolerance permeates both sides .
That 's a big part of Brad 's appeal for me .
He 's not mean - spirited .
Thinking of looking into Tikkun .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... NYCartist said on 3/18/2010 @ 8:27 am PT ...
Public option law in House ends up same as .... Note : Dem .
Now transcript for the above video will be on the site for readers who do n't do sound / video .
www.democracynow.org
Today 's show , with Kucinich joined by Ralph Nader in one segment , had Nader making the most sense he 's made in awhile : a movement for single payer .
I almost feel sorry for Kucinich , who I supported for Pres. in 2008 and 2004 .
( I think Nader 's " only the rich can save us " is best as satire . )
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Glix said on 3/18/2010 @ 11:14 am PT ...
I sent Dennis an email telling him he did the right thing .
Also , my take on this bill which is :
If you are completely naked and someone offers you a pair of socks , do you refuse because you 'd still be naked ?
If you do and someone offers you a pair of shoes , do you then have to refuse because they 're no good without socks ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/18/2010 @ 11:30 am PT ...
Michael Moore on Wolf Blindside while railing against Democrats and urging them to start fighting for what we put them onto office to fight for is with great reluctance supporting this bill .
Is he another cave in ?
He could n't be clearer about why you 've got to take your dramamine and support a vote for this horrible bill .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Janet A said on 3/18/2010 @ 11:36 am PT ...
A member of OWL , the Older Women 's League , that originated the term Medicare for All , and has been advocating for it since 1980 , I more than understand the missing parts of this bill .
Although it is not the " Medicare for All " bill we would write ourselves , it is a solid bill as a basis for the future , and contains strong provisions for women , giving a start on :
Do away with gender rating ( charging women more than men )
Prohibit preexisting condition clauses
Prohibit dropping people when they become ill
Begin to close the prescription medicine doughnut hole
Increase Long Term Care choice and quality
Cover maternity care , including CNM midwifery services
Aid for covering employees of small businesses
This bill is analog to Medicare Part D , that helps the poorest and the sickest , as well as the pharmaceutical companies , and is a start to breaking the lockjaw grip of corporations on health care in the U. S. Do you remember the Civil Rights Act of 1957 ?
You might say , no , it was 1964 .
The 1957 voting rights act , heavily filibustered by Strom Thurmond , was a big step toward 1964 .
So , our best hope is this bill will be a big step in the U. S. catching up with other nations in controlling corporate power .
Let another 30 M people in the door , take regular doses of additional corporate regulations , and things will necessarily change .
That is why I support this bill , and any other crumb of power we can grab for people .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/18/2010 @ 12:07 pm PT ...
Personally , I 'm torn .
I love Dennis Kucinich and I love Michael Moore .
I understand there are some good things in the bill .
I understand the concern about giving intransigent Republicans any more encouragement to absolutely fuck up everything they can .
But when I read again about the forced giveaways to the already incredibly powerful insurance companies , and when I think about the Supreme Court ruling making them even more powerful , I sorta secretly hope this bill will fail .
There is going to continue to be terrible , terrible suffering whether it passes or not .
So it 's a choice between terrible sufferings .
I think I would choose the terrible suffering that does n't give the tyrants added power .
That makes the need for change still clear .
I hate that my choice is between nightmares .
It 's time to storm the castle gates .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/18/2010 @ 1:35 pm PT ...
DLas , my thoughts also about the timing , after a historic massive " gift to / extortion by " the corporations , to turn around and hand them by law more oceans of our hard earned dollars seems unwise .
Janet wants to trust in
" regular doses of corporate regulations " so we can continue " grabbing crumbs " and [ begin ? ] " ... catching up with other countries in controlling corps . "
They were already very good at crapping on regulations .
We just gave them much more ( unlimited ) power .
And huge windfall profits to continue denying us service .
Or I should say seem to be about to do so .
26A
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 3/18/2010 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
Janet A .
The only problem with that is even though the bill has some good points what is does n't have is anyway to control the insurance companies from just upping premiums to the point to where virtually nobody can afford them .
Sure they might be mandated to not drop you for pre existing condition 's etc but so what ?
All they need to do is raise your premium to $ 2000 a month instead of $ 1000 .
Without a solid public option buy in all of those nice sounding things in the bill are utterly worthless because insurance companies can still raise premiums to the point to where they can force you out anyway .
The ONLY real viable health care reform is called Medicare for All , period .
Anything less is nothing but a give away to insurance companies .
Kucinich knows this and fought hard for it , I will not condemn the last man standing because he did n't take a bullet for a lost cause .
If every democrat were like Kucinich then we would have Medicare For all right now and would be out of both Iraq and Afghanistan .
Shame on every one of you for condemning one of the only decent congressmen we have .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/18/2010 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
If you are American and want to save money on medical bills , take a trip to India .
They have top medical facilities and excellent ( many American educated ) .
Even with travel and accommodation , you 'll save thousands of dollars .
Find out more here :
http://www.treatmentinindia.com/
( Kind of meant tongue - in - cheek ... I think )
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/18/2010 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
Nunyabiz wrote , " If every democrat were like Kucinich then we would have Medicare For all right now and would be out of both Iraq and Afghanistan . "
Ah , but Dennis is , and I quote him , " the only real Democrat . "
That 's like being the only person in the Mafia who opposes organized crime or the only person in the KKK who is n't racist .
No , CamusRebel , Dennis is n't going to follow you and Cynthia to the Green Party .
We do n't have proportional representation in our undemocratic system of government , so as a Green he could n't get elected or have any seniority .
Besides , the Greens are a political party also , so they are also seeking power within the system instead of opposing the system .
We do not have a democratic form of government .
The Declaration of Independence says that when you do n't have a democratic form of government , rather than working within the tyranny , it is our right and our duty to oppose tyranny and establish a democratic form of government .
A democratic form of government , according to the dictionary , is one where supreme power is vested in the hands of the people .
Not in the hands of representatives who cannot be held accountable during their terms of office ( the only time they can do any harm ) , not in the hands of a Supreme Monarch , Supreme Tyrant , or Supreme Court ( who the hell elected them ? ) , and not in the hands of corporations and monied interests .
We do not have a democratic form of government because our Constitution gave us neither a democracy nor a republic but an oligarchy where the will of the people is not the final say and does n't even have to be taken into account .
The right to petition monarchs , dictators , tyrants , or " representatives " is not the same thing as having supreme power .
The United States does not meet the dictionary definition of a democratic form of government and that 's why we are the only developed country without a national health care plan and will never get one under this Constitutional oligarchy .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 3/18/2010 @ 10:30 pm PT ...
But after the green ticket of Kucinich / McKinney sweeps into power in 2012 and 9/11 is thoroughly and exhaustively investigated , then we will have an Article V Convention and thenyou will see some radical , swift paradigm shifting .
No more Republican or Democrat party .
They will be outlawed , their leaders in prison .
Capitalism itself will be dismantled .
The people will take back OUR airwaves .
Then just sit back and let evolution happen .
Goodness is actually much more powerful than evil , just more of a marathoner .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/19/2010 @ 1:35 am PT ...
CamusRebel , you put words to my dream .
However , I 'm going back to bed , because my dreams are the only place that what you wrote above is going to happen .
Peacefully .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/19/2010 @ 8:13 am PT ...
I think it 's a good thing to pass this bill for several reasons .
Of course it 's not exactly what we want , but if it 's passed , there 's more of a chance of it leading to something better vs. not passing it .
Not passing it , everything remains the same .
First I was against it because it was n't good enough , now I 'm in the Grayson camp that anything passed that will save more lives is a " good thing " .
And passing this does n't mean we stop going for single payer or the public option .
That 's just the way I now feel about it .
Being for passing this bill does not mean you are against something better .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/19/2010 @ 8:15 am PT ...
And I think that 's why Kucinich switched his vote , and Kucinich is one of the few people in the federal government that I trust .
And I think we should stop totally trashing good people when they do something we do n't like .
Then we will eventually not like anybody .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 3/19/2010 @ 5:07 pm PT ...
amen .
But they better fucking fix it .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/19/2010 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
I agree with David Lasagna , Big Dan and others , especially Nunyabiz .
It ai n't Dennis ' fault that the government is broken .
He 's the only member of Congress out there who has my respect .
From # 19 : ... I will not condemn the last man standing because he did n't take a bullet for a lost cause .
If every democrat were like Kucinich then we would have Medicare For all right now and would be out of both Iraq and Afghanistan .
Shame on every one of you for condemning one of the only decent congressmen we have .
What Nunyabiz said .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/20/2010 @ 6:35 pm PT ...
What Lora said .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Caleb said on 3/22/2010 @ 12:43 am PT ...
Happy Birthday to You , Happy Birthday to You .
Happy Birthday , Dear Happy Meal , Happy Birthday to You !
I know it ’s hard to believe .
Time flies , does n’t it ?
My eyes tear when I think today , March 3 , is my Happy Meal ’s first birthday .
They grow up so fast , do n’t they ?
I purchased a Happy Meal , not to eat , but to observe and blog about .
Yes , I bought a Happy Meal and then placed it on my office shelf , right behind me and my computer .
It sat on my shelf for a year as a silent witness to our fast food industry .
It smelled delicious for a few days .
I ’d get a whiff of those yummy French fries every time I walked into my office .
After a week or so , you could hardly smell it .
My husband worried that when the food began to decompose , there would be a terrible odor in our home .
He also worried the food would attract ants and mice .
He questioned my sanity .
No Worries
NOPE , no worries at all .
My Happy Meal is one year old today and it looks pretty good .
It NEVER smelled bad .
The food did NOT decompose .
It did NOT get moldy , at all .
This morning , I took it off my shelf to take a birthday photo .
The first year is always a milestone .
I gave it one of my world famous nonna hugs as we ’ve been office mates for a year now !
( Okay , maybe my sanity is in question . )
What ’s WRONG with this picture ?
The photo above on the left is the one I took today .
Because Colorado has an arid climate , over the year the moisture has been slowly pulled from the Happy Meal .
The bread is crusty and if you look closely , you will see a crack across the top .
The hamburger has shrunk a bit and still resembles a hockey puck .
Yet , the French fries look yummy enough to eat .
I never had an odor problem , after a couple of weeks , I could n’t even smell the fries .
Now look at the photo on the right , I took it a year ago .
Not much difference .
The bread is plumper and the fries a tad bit perkier .
What ’s not HAPPY about a Happy Meal ?
Picky eaters universally love junk foods .
They wo n’t touch veggies and sometimes refuse to eat the food their moms prepare .
Out of desperation , parents give in and purchase the food their picky eaters will eat … junk food .
The next time you ’re tempted to purchase a Happy Meal for your child , think about these photos .
Food is SUPPOSED to decompose , go bad and smell foul …eventually .
When I was a kid , I remember our garbage pail for the left over food scraps was kept by our back door .
After a couple of days , flies deposited their larvae ( maggots ) in the meat .
When I would lift the lid , I would see the recently hatched maggots wiggling on the putrid mess .
A fly never bothered to land on the tiny hamburger patty on my office shelf .
Food is broken down into it ’s essential nutrients in our bodies and turned into fuel .
Our children grow strong bodies , when they eat real food .
Flies ignore a Happy Meal and microbes do n’t decompose it , then your child ’s body can’t properly metabolize it either .
Now you know why it ’s called “ junk food . ”
I think ants , mice and flies are smarter than people , because they were n’t fooled .
They never touched the Happy Meal .
Children should n’t either .
Read Nonna ’s Happy Meal Blog , CLICK HERE .
CLICK HERE for ordering information for Baby Bites : Transforming a Picky Eater into a Healthy Eater and The Forest Feast : Baby Bites Mealtime Adventures .
For info about the free Baby Bites Ezine , CLICK HERE .
We here at Pillai Center understand how frightening it can be when we are faced with unknown circumstances , particularly those that are outside of our control .
As part of Dr. Pillai ’s mission to alleviate suffering , we want to offer all the resources and support we can to our global family .
Below , we have highlighted a variety of weekly virtual group gatherings along with details on how to join each .
An eminent particle physicist , John Polkinghorne helped make one of the breakthroughs that transformed modern physics : the discovery of the quark ( an unseen but fundamental constituent of matter ) .
He held the prestigious post of Professor of Mathematical Physics at the University of Cambridge , but in 1979 , Polkinghorne surprised many with the announcement that he planned to become an Anglican priest .
Author of numerous books and articles , Polkinghorne is a Knight Commander of the British Empire , a Fellow of the Royal Society ( FRS ) , and the 2002 recipient of the Templeton Prize .
He is founder of the International Society for Science and Religion and of the Society of Ordained Scientists .
Humility is an important virtue in the world ’s great religions .
What is its role in science ?
It ’s important in science in the sense that science often finds the world very surprising , and therefore , if we approach it with certain ideas in our minds , and we think we are absolutely right and feel proud of our intellectual ability , we may not be humble enough to realize that we need to change our views .
The most striking example of that , of course , is quantum theory .
Nobody could have thought that something could be sometimes like a wave and sometimes like a particle .
But we just had to accept that and recognize that this is just how the world works .
So the line I would take about humility and science is that we must be humble before the remarkable world in which we live .
Comparing religious people and scientists , which group does humility better ?
Sometimes religious people claim that scientists are wildly arrogant people who think that knowledge begins and ends with them .
On the other hand , many scientists see religious people as both arrogant and ignorant .
I ca n’t award a prize between the two groups .
They both have their problems , not actually via science or via religion , but directly from human nature .
Certainly scientists who make arrogant claims that science tells you everything worth knowing are making a boastful claim that just does n’t stand up .
Science tells us how the world works , but it really does n’t try to tell us about matters of meaning or value or purpose , which are equally important .
So there are , of course , in the scientific community un-humble people , who try to be imperialist about the successes of science and claim that it ’s the whole story .
There are un -humble people in the religious community as well — there are but there should n’t be — who think that their particular interpretation of the understanding of scripture or the nature of God is the one that everybody ought to accept and accept immediately .
I think in both communities there are substantial numbers of people who are simply truth - seeking people and who are looking for motivated belief and are prepared to change their beliefs if they find that evidence and experience make them do so .
And they are the people , on both sides , who show the cousinly relationship between science and theology in the search for truth .
Do science and religion approach reason in different ways ?
Is the reasoning of faith different from the reasoning of science ?
Can either help the other to get a more complete understanding of the universe ?
I suppose the answer is yes and no .
I think both science and religion are concerned with the search for motivated belief .
They are not just plucking ideas out of the air but they have reasons from experience to support the ideas they believe to be true .
But the way they seek them is somewhat different .
Science is looking at the world as an object — as an “ it ” — which you can pull apart and do with what you want .
And with science you can repeat things .
You can do the same experiment over and over again until you feel sure you understand what is going on .
And that gives science a great secret weapon .
But there are great swaths of human encounter with reality where you meet reality not just as an object but where there is a personal dimension .
Unlike with the scientific experiment , no personal experience is ever going to be exactly repeated .
If we listen to a Mozart quartet , even if we play the same disc twice , we sha n’t experience it in quite the same way on each occasion .
Similarly , the encounter between persons , even more the encounter with the personal reality of God , has to be based on trusting and not on testing .
If I were always setting little traps to test my friends , I would pretty soon destroy the possibility of friendship between us .
And certainly religion respects that you shall not put the Lord your God to a test .
So there are differences between the two .
But the motivation , the search for truthful understanding through well - motivated belief , is a common feature .
Of course , religious understanding is much more complex obviously because of its personal character .
You ’ve made a powerful argument for religion .
Now can you tell me what , exactly , humility is in your tradition ?
Does it crush human beings or bring them to fulfillment ?
Do we need religion to bring about humility ?
Is it a virtue in the secular world too ?
Let me deal with the second point first .
I think that there are lots of virtues that are central to the religious life — humility is one , compassion will be another — but religious people do n’t have a monopoly on these things .
Many , many people realize the power of goodness , the power of humility , and the power of compassion .
Atheists can be humble in their capacities as truth - seeking people .
The only difference in that respect is that I think that we religious people know where these things come from — they come from intuitions of God ’s good and perfect world , the grace of God .
Humility involves two things : first of all , it involves recognizing who we are , what our status is .
The fundamental mistake , I think , is to believe that we are somehow beings who can do it on our own .
The fundamental mistake is for creatures to think they are the creators .
Doing it my way is not , I think , the recipe for a good and fulfilling life .
I think we need the grace of God to help us ; we are not fated to be independent in that sense .
God wishes us to act freely and to embrace divine mercy freely .
But God knows that we need
His grace and humility in order to do that .
So humility is concerned first of all with recognizing our status .
More generally , it seems to me that humility is concerned with recognizing and responding to the reality of things .
Humility is n’t the Uriah Heep sort of thing , where clever people try to pretend that they are stupid , or beautiful people try to pretend that they are ugly .
Humility recognizes things as they are and sees ourselves as we are , and helps us to be grateful for the gifts that we have , to recognize that we certainly do n’t have all the gifts , and to be equally appreciative of other gifts when we see them in other people .
Humility is to rejoice in the success and fulfillment and gifts that other people possess so that we do n’t always have to be top of the class or get more gold stars than anybody else .
Is it important to be able to prove the existence of God ?
Well , I do n’t think it ’s possible to prove the existence of God .
There are many things I do n’t think you can prove in an absolutely cast - iron , logical way .
You can prove that two plus two equals four ; you ca n’t prove the foolishness or falseness of ridiculous assumptions .
I could maintain that the whole world came into existence five minutes ago and that our memories of the past were created at that moment .
I do n’t think you could defeat me in logical argument about that , though we all know that would be an absurd thing to say .
So proof , cast - iron proof , is pretty limited and not actually a very interesting category of things .
I believe in quarks and gluons and electrons .
I believe that ’s the most intelligible , economic , persuasive interpretation of a whole swath of physical phenomena , but I do n’t think I ’ve proved their existence in the two plus two equals four sense — just as I ca n’t prove the existence of God .
What we need , I think , is beliefs that are sufficiently well - motivated for us to feel that we can commit our lives to them , knowing that they may be false , but believing that they are the best explanation .
I ’m very sold on motivated belief but I am not sold on knowledge through proofs either in science or religion , or anything in between .
What is motivated belief ?
I call myself a bottom - up thinker .
I try to move from experience to understanding , to look at experiences , which may be our own experiences or accounts of others ; in fact , in the religious case , they are very extensively accounts of experiences other people have had which we believe are being truly described to us and which support particular beliefs we are seeking to embrace .
It means that we do n’t just sit and dream things up out of our heads .
It ’s very important that we deliver ourselves from fantasy .
You see , I think that the fundamental question about something , whether science or religion , is not , “ Is it reasonable ? ” as if we know beforehand what is reasonable , or what shape rationality has .
The better question is , “ What makes you think that might be the case ? ”
If you are going to propose something surprising and counterintuitive to me , then you need to produce evidence , something to persuade me that that might be the case , perhaps experiments .
That is motivated belief .
It contrasts with top - down thinking .
Top - down thinkers have certain big ideas , clear and general ideas , which , if you grasp , they have the key to understanding everything .
I think it ’s the other way around .
I think you should start at the bottom and the ideas will grow out of experience rather than being imposed upon it .
Does quantum physics make deism ’s God obsolete ?
Quantum physics shows , I think , that physics has not proved the closure of the world in terms of its own laws and equations .
Physics can’t tell us that the exchange of energy between bits and pieces is the only thing that is going on in the world .
Quantum theory , and in a different way chaos theory , have a more subtle picture of the world .
If the world were simply mechanical , as people thought in the eighteenth and nineteenth century , it would just be a gigantic piece of cosmic clockwork , and its creator would be an unseen cosmic clockmaker .
That ’s the creator who just makes the clock and lets it tick away .
Quantum theory is something more subtle than that .
We can believe a world in which we ourselves interact — we ’re not clockwork at all — and we can believe in a world in which God interacts .
We can believe in a God who does n’t just sit and wait for it to happen but is involved in the unfolding of creation .
Aldous Huxley , who wrote about scientific and religious matters , moved a long way from the atheism of his grandfather , T. H. Huxley .
I ’ve wondered if it was n’t the earthy aspects of Christianity that turned him off .
Not rarified enough for Huxley ?
You might be absolutely right about that .
There are certainly people who are very much open to spiritual reality but who want it in a slightly ethereal form .
One of the things that is attractive to me is — as I believe William Temple put it — that Christianity is the most material of the world ’s religions .
It ’s concerned with the word made flesh ; it ’s concerned with embodiment , as in the resurrection of the body .
Of course , it ’s concerned with spiritual reality , but it wants to hold the two together .
That absolutely rings bells with me .
I do n’t think that human beings are destined to be , so to speak , apprentices of angels .
I do n’t think our destiny is to get rid of this encumbrance of the fleshly body and just float off into some sort of spiritual atmosphere .
I think we are embodied beings .
Do you think that the diversity of the world ’s religions —
I am referring especially to the non-Abrahamic religions — poses a challenge to religious belief ?
Yes , I do .
I think there are two great problems for religious people .
First , there is the problem of evil and suffering .
The second problem , which is really pressing at the moment , is the question of how the world ’s faith traditions relate to each other .
They are almost all thinking about the same domain of human experience .
They have certain commonalities .
All the world ’s faith traditions commend compassion , for example .
They are all operating in the same sort of area , but they have such different things to say about it .
Just take the question of human nature .
The three Abrahamic faiths — Judaism , Christianity , and Islam — see the human person as of unique and abiding significance .
Our Hindu friends see the human person as being recycled through reincarnation .
Our Buddhist friends think life is an illusion from which to seek release .
These are not three sets of people saying the same thing in different cultural languages .
They are three sets of people saying different things .
I think that the dialogue among the world ’s faith traditions is just beginning .
I think it will be long and painful , but I do n’t think the answer is to look for a lowest common denominator .
When you do that you get a very anemic picture of religion .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/05/2010
[ Fallacies ] about Youth : It 's just plain reprehensible .
Period .
by Jeremy Hooper
Some things that our organized opposition do in the name of the anti-gay agenda are just borderline unethical .
Other efforts are downright unbelievable in their willingness to misrepresent for Jesus .
The following falls to the right of that latter category .
First , here are some facts for you .
Real ones .
Ones that we can backed up with data and links :
All credible bodies of science are opposed to so - called " ex - gay " therapy .
These include ( but are not limited to ) the American Medical Association , American Academy of Pediatrics , American Psychological Association , American Psychiatric Association , National Association of Social Workers , American Counseling Association , American Association of Marriage and Family Therapists , and The American Academy of Physicians Assistants .
Because of this fact , the far - right social conservatives have created a stable of alternate outfits that are meant to sound and look and seem like their legitimate counterparts , in name in style in tone -- in every last way .
One such organization is the American College of Pediatricians .
The American College of Pediatricians is clearly designed to confuse people into thinking its the American Academy of Pediatrics , but the truth is that it 's agenda could n't be anything close to the credible body .
In fact , the organization was created to be a voice of opposition to the AAP primarily because of the topic of homosexuality , placing a specific focus on adoption by LGBT parents .
One hint : " Mary and Sue would make lovely parents " is not on their talking points list .
The group has engaged in pretty humorous ( read : frighteningly desperate ) attempts to increase credibility .
Their Wiki page was actually deleted after one of their own was caught editing the page to make the fringe group seem more mainstream .
Alvin McEwen has a good take on the group 's antics here .
Okay , so why are we telling you all this now ?
Well , because today , the Family Research Council is working to deliberately foster this anti-scientific deception .
Real deception .
The kind they can only back up with a noise machine filled with yes men and women willing to nod so as to keep their eyes from setting in on a tangible data set :
Two years ago , the American Psychological Association sent school superintendents a publication called " Just the Facts about Sexual Orientation and Youth . "
Unfortunately , it was misnamed , since what it really contained was " just the propaganda " that pro-homosexual activists want to spread .
Now , a coalition of health professionals has responded by creating a resource with more objective information on the topic .
Introduced to all 14,800 school district superintendents in the country with a letter from the American College of Pediatricians last week , this project went live today with a new website , www.FactsAboutYouth.com, that features valuable and factual information about sexual orientation and gender confusion for school administrators , teachers , parents , and anyone who works with youth .
For example , the project points out the danger to children and youth of encouraging them to self - identify as " gay " or " transgendered " at an early age .
Research clearly shows that most children who experience gender confusion will have that confusion resolve itself as they pass through puberty , and the vast majority of young people who experience uncertainty about their sexual orientation will end up identifying as heterosexual in adulthood .
Affirming young people as " gay " or " transgendered " may actually disrupt the normal developmental resolution of these issues .
In addition , the earlier that a young person self - identifies as homosexual , the more likely he or she is to experience serious mental and physical health problems .
Maybe FactsAboutYouth.com can help turn this year 's pro-homosexual " Day of Silence " on April 16 into a " day of truth " instead .
Facts about Youth Starts with the Truth [ FRC ]
If one heads over to this supposedly " factual " site , one will find numerous studies from the National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality and related " researchers , " links to radical groups like the so - called Parents and Friends of Ex - Gays ( itself meant to mimic the name of PFLAG ) , and a whole slew of " ex - gay " resources that present themselves as science even when ( especially when ? ) they have zero credible backing .
It 's a truly unbelievable illusion , designed for the sole purpose -- THE SOLE PURPOSE ! -- of replacing research that was born in the lab with a script that was penned by politically - motivated social conservatives .
This is one of those things you really have to stop and process .
We 've grown so accustomed to religious right " culture war " nonsense that stuff like this can be ho-hum .
But think about it .
Grown adults have decided that they do n't like what trained professionals think when working independently of faith motivations , so they 've taken it upon themselves to alter scientific reality .
A whole organization , created to send information through a predetermined anti-gay sieve , so as to tell impressionable youth ( and , even more importantly , their parents ) that they can " change " through the power of Jesus .
And then Washington D.C. groups like FRC get in on the dangerous game , knowingly pushing a charade under the guise of " fact . "
Yet that cold reality does n't stop major leaders in the Republican party , including every major GOP presidential candidate , to show up at events like the FRC's Values Voters Summit .
Because this is all just politics , right ?
Right / left. Red /blue .
Beck / Maddow .
Theater , theater , theater .
Well somewhere tonight , there 's a fourteen - year - old gay boy who does n't see it that way .
Hopefully when he takes to the Internet to seek scientific facts about the reality he has known his whole life , his Google will take him to this post rather than to some of the unethical machinations of a movement hellbent on " truthing " him out of his reality .
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Pastor Steven L Anderson of the Faithful Word Baptist Church ( and Teabagger ) preaches that men must urinate while standing up .
This is what being a man is all about .
And it ’s emblematic of everything that ’s wrong in the world .
Apparently .
And did you know that President Obama probably pees sitting down .
too ?
That ’s what the good reverend thinks !
How he knows this , I ca n’t say .
This has to be one of the most bizarre ( and meaningless ! ) sermons ever delivered in a Christian church .
And he ’s got more of ‘ em !
Check out his diatribe against women wearing pants below .
It ’s almost as good .
What were the parishoners thinking when this guy went off like this ?
And YES , this is the same guy who was tazed at the border last year and the same idiot how prayed for Obama ’s death .
I suspect this wo n’t be the last we hear from him , what do you think ?
I think he ’s a bell end !
Pastor Steven L. Anderson on George Bush and homosexuals
Steven Anderson prays for President Obama to die
Via Christian Nightmares
Code : #!/bin/bash offx= $ ( grep metamodes
/etc/X11/xorg.conf | cut -d '+ ' -f 4 | sed 's / [ ^0-9]*//g' ) offy=$ ( grep metamodes
/etc/X11/xorg.conf | cut -d '+ ' -f 5 | sed 's / [ ^0-9]*//g' ) curx= $ ( xwininfo - id `xprop - root | grep " _NET_ACTIVE_WINDOW( WINDOW ) " | cut -d ' ' -f 5 ` | grep " Absolute upper - left X " | cut -d ' ' -f 7 ) cury =$ ( xwininfo - id `xprop - root | grep " _NET_ACTIVE_WINDOW ( WINDOW ) " | cut -d ' ' -f 5 ` | grep " Absolute upper - left Y " | cut -d ' ' -f 7 ) if [ $ curx - ge $ offx ] then newx = $ ( ( curx - offx ) ) newy =$ ( ( cury - offy ) ) else newx=$ ( ( curx+offx ) ) newy =$ ( ( cury+offy ) ) fi /usr / bin / xdotool windowmove `/usr / bin/xdotool getwindowfocus` $ newx $ newy exit 0
There 's probably a better sed command to find the display resolutions ( I 'm definitely no sed guru - in fact , it 's a tool I still find incredibly hard to use after years of wrangling with it ) and when I use the script to move a window , repeated moves means the window slowly gets lower on each screen , so there 's pixels being added to the newy value for some reason , but I can't work out why .
Anyway , let me know if this works for you .
SABRES RECALL MANCARI by Staff Writer / Buffalo Sabres
Buffalo Sabres General Manager Darcy Regier announced today that forward Mark Mancari has been recalled on an emergency basis from the AHL ’s Portland Pirates .
This is the fourth recall of the season for Mancari , who leads Portland in scoring with 71 points ( 27+44 ) in 72 games .
Mancari has two points ( 1+1 ) in five games with the Sabres this season .
Mancari , 24 , was selected by Buffalo in the seventh round ( 207th overall ) of the 2004 Entry Draft .
View Less
If there 's a book you really want to read , but it has n't been written yet , then you must write it .
Toni Morrison
Substitute " damn " every time you 're inclined to write " very " your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be .
Mark Twain
The act of putting pen to paper encourages pause for thought , this in turn makes us think more deeply about life , which helps us regain our equilibrium .
Norbet Platt
It 's a very simple web typewriter that presents you with a single blank page each day .
You are free from the tyranny of the infinite page .
There is no signup , you just log in with your existing google account or twitter username and password .
Then you 'll see your first blank page in front of you .
Go ahead , try it out .
You get a gentle reminder to do your page each day , then you just sit back and watch your book come together .
The Arizona state legislature ( pictured ) is seeking to prohibit “ intentionally or knowingly creating a human - animal hybrid . ” Ariz. targets ' human- animal hybrids '
The Arizona state Senate on Thursday passed a bill making it illegal for a person to “ intentionally or knowingly creating a human - animal hybrid . ”
The bill , which passed 16 to 12 , would prohibit anyone in the state from “ creating or attempting to create an in vitro human embryo by any means other than fertilization of a human egg by a human sperm . ”
Advertisement
The measure would also outlaw “ transferring or attempting to transfer a human embryo into a nonhuman womb , ” “ transferring or attempting to transfer a nonhuman embryo into a human womb ” and “ transporting or receiving for any purpose a human - animal hybrid . ”
Louisiana passed a similar law in 2009 , the same year Sen. Sam Brownback ( R - Kan. ) introduced the Human - Animal Hybrid Prohibition Act of 2009 .
The Senate did not take up Brownback proposed law .
A state House panel has also passed the bill , though it has not faced a full vote .
GOP Gov. Jan Brewer has not spoken about the bill .
The bill is designed to block potential embryonic research which combines any human and animal cells as well as the “ fertilizing a human egg with a nonhuman sperm or a nonhuman egg with human sperm . ”
The bill would make it a class 6 felony in the state to knowingly create such a hybrid during research and class 1 misdemeanor to create or a purchase a human - animal embryo otherwise .
EAST LONGMEADOW — The Rev. James J. Scahill describes himself as “ rather a reclusive person . ’’
He insists he is no rebel .
( Full article : 777 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A UKIP parliamentary candidate has been reinstated after posting racist remarks on a social care website .
Paul Wiffen , who is campaigning to be MP for Ilford South in east London , responded to a criticism of the party on the Community Care site .
The remarks focused on Muslims , Romanian Gypsies and African and Caribbean communities .
UKIP said he had been suspended but , following his apology and an inquiry , he was allowed back into the party .
The comment was made in response to a post by Community Care 's Outside Left blogger on asylum .
Mr Wiffen , chair of UKIP London , said : " You left - wing scum are all the same , wanting to hand our birthright to Romanian gypsies who beat their wives and children into begging and stealing money they can gamble with , Muslim nutters who want to kill us and put us under medieval Sharia law , the same Africans who sold their Afro- Caribbean brothers into a slavery that Britain was first to abolish ( but you still want to apologize for ! ) "
There is an unpleasant whiff about Mr Wiffen
Mike Gapes
Labour MP for Ilford South
He has since apologised saying : " I was very surprised to see such a party political piece on a website called ' Community Care ' , and when I read the lies about UKIP being a racist party , I just saw red , and fired off an angry email .
" I am truly sorry to anyone offended by some of the language I used . "
A spokesman for UKIP said : " UKIP is a party of real people , not career politicians .
" Real people sometimes make mistakes , and when they do , they should apologise .
" Both UKIP and Mr Wiffen have apologised for any offence caused . "
Mike Gapes , Labour MP for Ilford South , said : " There is an unpleasant whiff about Mr Wiffen . "
Toby Boutle , the Conservative candidate for the area , said if Mr Wiffen 's comments are correct then " it says a lot about UKIP that someone like this is their regional chairman in London " .
Lib Dem candidate Anood Al - Samerai said : " I would not wish to see this man standing in Ilford South . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Availability : Available now
OS : Android , Linux , Windows 7
Size : 5.6 " x 3.1 " x 0.4 "
Weight : 6.2 ounces
Price : $ 249 -$ 499
The large , high - resolution screen is great for watching movies .
And if you 're into flashing your own kernel -- you know who you are ! -- this device is the ideal Linux test bed .
ERISA and private long - term disability plans can be difficult to understand .
Whether you are insured through an employer - sponsored group plan or an individual private policy , we force insurers to honor their end of the bargain .
But you do need professional legal counsel .
It is important to hire an attorney who is familiar with the process and knows what the insurance companies are expecting to approve a claim .
We have that experience and will advocate for you effectively in every stage of the process : administrative claims , judicial hearings , claim settlement , litigation and appeals .
A Christian nurse was ‘ forced to choose between her job and her faith ’ after being ordered to remove her crucifix at a hospital where Muslim staff wore headscarves unchallenged , a tribunal heard yesterday .
Shirley Chaplin , 54 , said she had been wearing the religious symbol around her neck without complaint for 31 years before she was ordered to hide it away .
But the grandmother claims that after refusing to comply and then pointing out that two women doctors were allowed to wear headscarves , she was moved to a desk job .
Full story : Christian nurse Shirley Chaplin in crucifix row at Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital | Mail Online
An artist 's impression of a massive asteroid belt in orbit around a star .
The new work with SDSS data shows that similar rubble around many white dwarfs contaminates these stars with rocky material and water .
Earth - like planets should be a fairly common feature ofother solar systems in our galaxy , a new study of stellar senior citizenssuggests .
More than 90 percent of stars in the Milky Way , includingour own sun , endtheir lives as a white dwarfs .
Traditionally , these dense stellar remainshave n't been the first place that astronomers look for signs of planetsoutside our own solar system .
Instead , exoplanet searches have focused onstars like our own sun .
But tantalizing new results suggest that these elderly starsmight also be a rich source of information on the potential for other planetarysystems out there in the galaxy .
White dwarfs should essentially be composed of pure hydrogenand helium atmospheres .
Any elements heavier than helium ( " metals " inastronomical parlance ) present in a white dwarf atmosphere have to bepollutants from some external source .
For decades , astronomers attributed this metallic pollutionto the interstellar medium , the thin gas that permeates the space betweenstars .
The idea was that white dwarfs were old stars that had been on severalorbits around the Milky Way and had picked up bits of the interstellar mediumas they went around , explained Jay Farihi of the University of Leicester whostudied the white dwarf contamination .
" But it turns out that [ this explanation ] doesn ' treally fit the data , " Fahiri told SPACE.com .
What 's going on
Farihi has looked at white dwarfs with NASA 's infraredSpitzer Space Telescope for five years , and thoseobservations showed that the white dwarfs " have dust right on top ofthem , " Farihi said .
" It 's almost certainly raining down on theiratmospheres . "
Farihi and his colleagues looked at the positions of thesewhite dwarfs within the Milky Way and estimated whether the impurities they sawin the stars ' atmospheres could be explained by sweeping up the interstellarmedium .
" And the answer is a resounding ' No , it does n't make sense , '" Farihi said .
To get a better look at the pollution in the white dwarfatmospheres , Farihi and his colleagues used data from the Sloan Digital SkySurvey , which has taken the spectrum , or light signature , of 1 million cosmicobjects .
They found that the types of metals seen in the stellaratmospheres , such as silicon , magnesium and iron , suggest a rocky origin .
Theexact source of the rocky debris is n't known , but Farihi says there are twopossibilities : the debris could come from an asteroid belt similar to our own , which essential represents a planet that didn ? t form , or the pieces of ashattered planet .
The new work , presented this week at the Royal AstronomicalSociety meeting in Glasgow , Scotland , indicates that at least 3 percent andpossibly as much as 20 percent of all white dwarfs are contaminated by rockymaterial .
This in turn suggests that a similar proportion of stars like thesun , as well as some a little more massive , such as Vega , that eventuallybecome white dwarfs host planetary systems .
Signs of water
Another recentestimate suggested that about 15 percent of the stars in the Milky Wayhosted systems like our own .
Interestingly , there are also indications that some of therocky material polluting the white dwarfs contained water .
The white dwarfs studied had helium atmospheres , but showedtrace amounts of hydrogen , one of the two elements that make up water .
If thehydrogen and the metals came from different sources , the stars that containedthem both should be rare , Farihi explained .
But they were actually fairlycommon , suggesting that the hydrogen and metals have the same source .
" The rocks that delivered the metals probably delivered the hydrogen , " Farihi said .
The hydrogen suggests that the minerals thatcontained the metals also contained water , an essential chemical for life as weknow it .
Finding an oxygen signature in the atmospheres of thesewhite dwarfs would help bolster that interpretation , but Farihi says the teamwould need to use the Hubble telescope to find that signature .
They haverequest time on the space telescope and are waiting to hear back to see iftheir proposal is granted telescope time .
Geologists from the University of Leicester are among four scientists - including a Nobel prize - winner -- who suggest that Earth has entered a new age of geological time .
The Age of Aquarius ?
Not quite --
It 's the Anthropocene Epoch , say the scientists writing in the journal Environmental Science & Technology .
And they add that the dawning of this new epoch may include the sixth largest mass extinction in Earth 's history .
Jan Zalasiewicz and Mark Williams from the University of Leicester Department of Geology ; Will Steffen , Director of the Australian National University 's Climate Change Institute and Paul Crutzen the Nobel Prize - winning atmospheric chemist of Mainz University provide evidence for the scale of global change in their commentary in the American Chemical Society 's ' bi-weekly journal Environmental Science & Technology .
The scientists propose that , in just two centuries , humans have wrought such vast and unprecedented changes to our world that we actually might be ushering in a new geological time interval , and alter the planet for millions of years .
Zalasiewicz , Williams , Steffen and Crutzen contend that recent human activity , including stunning population growth , sprawling megacities and increased use of fossil fuels , have changed the planet to such an extent that we are entering what they call the Anthropocene ( New Man ) Epoch .
First proposed by Crutzen more than a decade ago , the term Anthropocene has provoked controversy .
However , as more potential consequences of human activity -- such as global climate change and sharp increases in plant and animal extinctions -- have emerged , Crutzen 's term has gained support .
Currently , the worldwide geological community is formally considering whether the Anthropocene should join the Jurassic , Cambrian and other more familiar units on the Geological Time Scale .
The scientists note that getting that formal designation will likely be contentious .
But they conclude , " However these debates will unfold , the Anthropocene represents a new phase in the history of both humankind and of the Earth , when natural forces and human forces became intertwined , so that the fate of one determines the fate of the other .
Geologically , this is a remarkable episode in the history of this planet . "
The Department of Foreign Affairs has denied claims that Australian Federal Police officers were involved in a hit - and - run car accident in Tel Aviv early this morning .
The agents allegedly ploughed into a cyclist just hours after landing in Israel to investigate how three forged Australian passports were used in the assassination of top Hamas operative Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
The agents were trying to give waiting media the slip when their silver armoured Toyota Prado allegedly hit Israeli cyclist Oshra Bar and failed to stop .
However a DFAT spokesman this afternoon denied there was a collision .
" According to the embassy driver and passenger , no contact was made by the embassy car with the cyclist , " a spokesman said .
" I have been a fan of Kermit for years " , says Markus .
" There was a funny TV advert featuring him driving a BMW and it made me laugh every time I saw it so we had the idea to start making pictures with Kermit about two years ago , and it just took off from there - quite literally " .
Credit : Caters News Agency Ltd
RDS.ca
PITTSBURGH - Pendant que les joueurs du Canadien se démenaient à Washington , ceux des Penguins de Pittsburgh suivaient le match à la télévision comme les partisans du Tricolore .
Et eux aussi souhaitaient voir les hommes de Jacques Martin venir à bout des Capitals .
L'été passé , Kristopher Letang , Pascal Dupuis , Maxime Talbot et Marc - André
Fleury ont amené la coupe Stanley au Québec pour célébrer leur triomphe face aux Red Wings de Detroit .
Voilà qu'ils reviendront de nouveau au Québec , mais pour défendre leur trophée contre le Canadien qui se retrouve soudainement sur leur chemin .
« Ça va être une bonne série , je vais réaliser un rêve de jeunesse en jouant contre le Canadien » , avoue Dupuis .
« Ça va être évidemment très spécial pour les Francophones de notre équipe . »
« Ça va être très excitant et comme l'a si bien dit Pascal , je vais également réaliser un rêve de jeunesse » , renchérit Talbot .
« Nous allons essayer de gâcher le plaisir des partisans montréalais . »
« J'ai toujours été un partisan du Canadien , alors ce sera bizarre de l'affronter en séries » , reconnaît Fleury .
« Je vais tout essayer pour les battre ! »
La rencontre entre le Canadien et les Capitals n'était même pas encore terminée , que déjà les Québécois des Penguins étaient inondés d'appels de parents et d'amis qui désiraient obtenir des billets pour les parties à Montréal .
Plusieurs seront déçus , car il faudra pratiquement couper les ponts pour deux semaines .
« Jouer contre le Canadien , c'est toujours beaucoup de distractions » , explique Talbot . «
Et ce n'est pas seulement vrai pour les Francophones . »
En ce qui concerne leurs rivaux , pas question de prendre le Canadien à la légère , bien au contraire !
« Ils ont battu les premiers » , conclut Letang . «
Ils doivent être considérés comme les favoris maintenant . »
* D'après un reportage de Luc Gélinas
Transcribing can be beneficial no matter how you do it .
Often when I go to transcribe , I like to have a specific goal in mind of what I am aiming to accomplish , making for rapid improvement in areas that need the most work .
It ’s essentially a problem / solution approach :
Identify what problems you ’re having
Find the solutions quickly by hearing them on records you ’re listening to Transcribe them by ear and break ’em down
Some Common Problems You Can Solve by Transcribing
Which of these problems can you identify with ?
I lack a jazz vocabulary of ideas on specific chords or common progressions
I need assistance in creating my own ideas
I ca n’t play in a specific style
I need to develop new influences
I ca n’t play on a small chunk of a tune
I do n’t hear things in my head to play
I ca n’t play things that I hear in my head
Most likely , you can relate with all of these on some level .
Lets look at each one of these problems in depth and how they can be solved by spending some concentrated time with recordings .
I lack a jazz vocabulary of ideas on specific chords & progressions
When you are learning a language , there are many words and phrases to learn that connect your original ideas .
The same is true in jazz .
We have all heard many of these “ cliches ” over an over , and I ’m always coming across more .
Learning these lines straight off the record , gives you great insight into :
Typical ways to navigate common progressions
How jazz is phrased
How jazz lines are articulated
The concept of “ swing ”
The concepts behind strong melodic lines .
Do not look for a book that has a bunch of these lines written out in it !
That is a waste of your time .
The whole point is to train your ear to create and develop strong melodic lines on its own .
If you put the time in with the records , the jazz vocabulary you build will morph and evolve , manifesting itself in all sorts of variations .
As great baritone sax player Gary Smulyan said in a masterclass I attended , “ Do your own homework . ”
Another important point is to ensure that you are accumulating ideas for many different melodic situations .
That means that when you encounter a major , minor , diminished or any other chord type , you do n’t just aimlessly run up and down the scale or chord .
You have ammased a number of meaningful ideas on all these types of chords in many different contexts .
The process would go something like this :
Define the problem : I feel like I have nothing to play over one - measure major chords besides running up and down the chord and scale .
Hear the solution : Sonny Rollins has some really good ideas over one - measure major chords on his solo that I ’ve been listening to .
Transcribe it .
Learn the lines he ’s using .
Understand why they sound good .
Problem solved .
Now , the next time you encounter a one - measure major chord , you will have a concept of how to play a strong melodic line over it and you will like the way you sound over them .
You can do this with any chord or common progression ( like a ii - v , or a iii - Vi-ii V etc. ) and it will greatly increase your comfort level in these situations .
A small caution .
You do not want to learn ideas as an ending point , merely inserting them into your solos .
These ideas are a starting point .
They are a springboard for your own creativity .
Initially you may simply reproduce them , but over time with practice , they will become your own .
You want to be able to change and alter the line at will .
Gradually , the line will manifest in totally different ways .
I need assistance in creating my own ideas
Once you have transcribed a line from a record , you can then use it to inspire your own ideas .
Spend some time varying it in any way imaginable : expand the intervals , add altered tensions , change the rhythm , play it over different chords , combine part of the line with another you are working on .
You ’re only limited by your own creativity .
Michael Brecker transcribed and created his own ideas constantly .
This video contains some of the most valuable information about practicing that I ’ve ever heard .
Thank you Michael Brecker .
I ca n’t play in a specific style
Perhaps you have trouble in modal situations , or maybe it ’s not a style of jazz , but more a type of tune , like a ballad .
What ever it may be , Find someone you like doing it in a way that makes your jaw drop .
Then transcribe it and rip it apart .
I need to develop new influences
Starting to sound too much like Dexter Gordon ?
He ’s the man , but yes , we all want to develop our own voice .
No worries .
Just start to transcribe some other people .
One of the easiest things to do , yet so many people avoid it , is to transcribe a different instrument than your own .
Fingerings lay totally different on all instruments , causing players to migrate towards different line constructions .
Try learning from another instrument and it will greatly expand your concept .
Many pros
I ’ve studied with stressed that I needed to look outside of jazz for inspiration .
Coltrane drew influence from many other types of music and it helped set him apart harmonically and rhythmically .
Getting deep into some music other than jazz will only help to expand your horizons and help you develop your unique voice .
Turning to Michael Brecker again , listen to his priceless words on developing your own sound .
I ca n’t play on a small chunk of a tune
This is one of the most common reasons I transcribe because the effects can be noticed immediately .
Maybe it ’s the first four bars of “ Confirmation , ” or perhaps it ’s the start of a blues , but wherever you feel you are not up to par , simply transcribe some of your favorite phrases over that section and figure out what the pro is doing that you are not .
Simple and straightforward .
I do n’t hear things in my head to play
This is a common problem .
If you do n’t spend time with records , then your ear will not absorb the music .
Spend time with the records and you ’ll start to hear musical ideas flow in your mind .
One of the most beneficial exercises is the following :
Listen to a phrase from a recording Pause the record and hear it your mind ’s ear Keep replaying it in your mind and try to slow it down Replay it on the recording and try to hear it even more precisely Sing the line WHILE you hear it in your head ( That is a big point .
Pay a lot of attention to the voice in your head , especially while you sing )
Play the line WHILE you hear it in your head
This is a great process to follow any time you transcribe .
For a great cheap resource on this type of ear training , pick up a copy of Ear Training For The Jazz Musician for a measly $ 1.50 , by awesome jazz pianist Harry Pickens .
I ca n’t play things that I hear in my head
Every time I transcribe , I make it a point to leave with a better ear than when I started .
Despite the reasons I may be transcribing on any given day , I always want to strengthen my ear to finger connection .
Just getting the notes to paper will not help you do this .
You must spend time really hearing the phrases in context .
Transcribing in the previously described manner ( steps # 1 - 6 in ‘ I do n’t hear things in my head to play ’ ) will greatly aid in connecting your fingers to your ear .
I cannot stress enough how important the voice in your head is .
It took me a long time to realize that even when I sing or play my horn , to keep listening to that voice in my head , loud and clear .
Never Ending Solutions to Your Never Ending Problems
By now you should have a better idea of what you want to transcribe , based on your specific goals that you want to accomplish .
If you apply this type of thinking , you ’ll be able to solve many of your musical puzzles with ease .
Next time you ca n’t figure out how to play over something , or you do n’t like what you ’re playing in a particular situation , remember , there are a lot of recordings out there with the solutions to your never - ending musical problems .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NokT5nwrTY]
From ThinkProgress :
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) has been blasting the Senate ’s financial regulatory reform bill in recent days , falsely arguing that it “ institutionalizes ” bailouts for Wall Street .
As Think Progress reported , McConnell ’s reason for opposing financial reform seems disingenuous in the face of reports that he attended a private fundraiser with hedge fund managers and other Wall Street elites last week .
Yesterday , reporters pressed McConnell for details about his meetings on Wall Street .
McConnell repeatedly refused to discuss the matter and claimed that he based his opposition to financial reform not on fundraising from Wall Street but rather on concerns from community banks in Kentucky .
Where would the Senators be without Daniel Alfredsson ?
It 's hard to imagine such a world , and perhaps it 's better not to .
After all , the man is the NHL 's longest - serving captain for a reason : he 's been the heart and soul of this franchise for as long as most of us can remember , and has come incredibly far since being picked 133rd overall in the 1994 NHL Entry Draft .
In celebration of Daniel Alfredsson 's 1000th game -- the first modern Ottawa Senator to reach this mark , of course -- we 've compiled a wide array of reading and viewing materials for you to enjoy .
You can find it all after the jump .
First , I recommend you start with Peter 's great feature on the top ten moments from Daniel Alfredsson .
Notable achievements ( with help from Wikipedia ) :
Is the Senators all - time leader in games played , goals , assists and points .
Holds the Senators record for highest +/- rating in a season , set in 2006 – 07 with +42 .
Holds the Senators record for most points in a regular season game , set in 2007 –08 with 3 goals and 4 assists for 7 points .
Holds the following Senators playoff records : most games played ( he has played in 101 of the 103 playoff games of the modern Senators ) , goals , assists and points .
Set the Senators record for most goals in a playoff run with 14 in the 2006 – 07 playoffs .
He also led the league in goals during the 2006 – 07 playoffs and tied line mates Jason Spezza and Dany Heatley with 22 points to lead the league in playoff scoring .
November 10 , 2007 - Scored the 300th goal of his career .
January 24 , 2008 - Scored the 500th assist of his career .
Alfredsson also set a team record for the most points in a regular season game with 7 ( 3 goals , 4 assists ) .
Won the first major award in modern Senators history when he was awarded the Calder Memorial Trophy in 1995 – 96 .
Won Olympic Gold with Sweden in the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin , Italy .
Is the first European - born and raised captain to lead his team to the Stanley Cup Finals .
Also is currently the longest - serving captain in the NHL .
.
Also is currently the longest - serving captain in the NHL .
Was the third - highest point getter of the last decade ( thanks , Behind the Net ! )
Other Articles :
Alfredsson ultimate leader for Sens ( OttawaSenators.com )
Getting to know ...
Daniel Alfredsson ( OttawaSenators.com )
Milestone brings
Alfie full circle ( OttawaSenators.com )
Is Alfredsson good enough for the Hall of Fame ?
( Ottawa Citizen )
What others say about Daniel Alfredsson ( Ottawa Citizen )
As he approaches a major milestone , Alfredsson opens up .
( Ottawa Citizen )
At home , he 's just a dad who plays hockey ( Ottawa Citizen )
Alfie 's simple goal for 1000th game ( Toronto Sun )
A captain 's story , by Daniel Alfredsson ( Ottawa Sun )
Videos :
Fan-created Daniel Alfredsson tribute
Daniel Alfredsson Youtube Tribute # 2
Scotiabank Player Profile : Daniel Alfredsson
Alfredsson tours around his home city of Goteborg
There is a new wave of thespian invasion
By Clare Spencer
Oscar - winning actress Dame Helen Mirren has complained about British actors being typecast as villains .
But in US TV dramas , Brits are everywhere - you just would n't know it from their accents .
The Wire has garnered much praise for its gritty portrayal of social ills and crime in urban American , with cynical Baltimore cop Jimmy McNulty at its centre .
But how many American viewers know that he is being played by an old Etonian , Dominic West ?
We are often referred to in Los Angeles as white Mexicans
James Purefoy on the attitude towards British actors
The same goes for gangland kingpin Stringer Bell .
He 's played , with an apparently - convincing accent , by Londoner Idris Elba .
You can also spot British actors in Lost .
Naveen Andrews and Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje play an Iraqi and a Nigerian respectively .
But perhaps more eyebrow - raising is the regularity with which Britons are recruited to play American characters .
Oldman surprise House is the best example .
Hugh Laurie - perhaps previously best - known for hare - brained , posh dissolution in Jeeves and Wooster - is now Gregory House , the irascible , eccentric diagnostician .
The show is one of the most popular on US television .
BRITS AS AMERICANS Dominic West as The Wire 's Jimmy McNulty Idris Elba as The Wire 's Stringer Bell Hugh Laurie as House 's Gregory House Minnie Driver as The Riches ' Dahlia Malloy Eddie Izzard as The Riches ' Wayne Malloy Ian Hart as Dirt 's Don Konkey Marianne Jean - Baptiste as Without a Trace 's Vivian Johnson Anna Friel as Pushing Daisies ' Charlotte " Chuck " Charles Michelle Ryan as Bionic Woman 's Jaime Sommers Damian Lewis as Life 's Charlie Crews Joely Richardson as Nip / Tuck 's Julia McNamara Ian McShane as Deadwood 's Al Swearengen Joseph Fiennes as FlashForward 's Mark Benford
On the big screen , there 's always been a place for British actors .
How many Americans would be surprised to discover that Gary Oldman is not American ?
And Cary Grant blazed a path many moons ago .
Moreover , anything with a sword - and - sandals theme offers employment opportunities to British thespians .
It has often been suggested that American audiences expect their Romans to speak like the English .
So the HBO / BBC mini-series Rome was peopled by British and Irish stars .
But the current wave is , anecdotally at least , something more .
Well - informed audiences might be wondering why .
Speak to some producers working in US television and they will admit cost is an issue .
West is happy to put this forward for the explanation for his break alongside Elba on The Wire .
Cheap labour " More value - for - money , that 's really what it is .
If they wanted someone experienced and I was American , they 'd pay a lot of money - and I 'd be better known , I suppose .
We 're cheaper . "
English actor James Purefoy , who played Mark Antony in Rome , believes the network of British actors is perceived by American colleagues as cheap labour .
" We are often referred to in Los Angeles as white Mexicans , " he told an audience of British hopefuls at a seminar on how to make it in America .
British stars have always found a place on the big screen British producer Andrea Calderwood , who worked on Generation Kill for HBO , agrees that cost is an issue .
" American producers are going for the best talent .
Obviously there is an element of cost involved .
" Once you become an established actor in the US , you can command huge prices - so people are looking for fresh talent that does n't cost that much . "
And the accent is not a problem for most trained British actors .
" The advantage that English people have and that I have is that we grow up with so much American television , " says West .
" We 're all used to hearing it all the time and the other advantage is Americans are not used to growing up with television from anywhere else or hearing any other accent so they assume , they are much more forgiving of someone 's bad accent . "
He believes his turn as McNulty was an illustration of this .
British training " Everyone was convinced I was American even though my accent - it was alright , but it was n't perfect .
Most people do n't know anything other than the American accent , so they are more forgiving when it comes to people doing their accent .
Whereas an American coming here and doing an English accent , we 're much more affronted if it 's not right .
" I grew up with Starsky and Hutch and all that , so it 's much easier for us to learn an American accent .
We 've grown up with it . "
Of course , it would be nice to think that British actors are called in because of their training and their solid experience in theatre , television and films .
There 's maybe a readiness to be part of an ensemble which goes slightly against the grain of how the Americans view celebrity and show business
Dominic West on British actors in ensemble casts " Genuinely it 's about an acting craft - that British actors have a particular level of training they have , a particular level of technique that they have that American producers and directors are delighted to find , " says Ms Calderwood .
There may also be an attitudinal issue .
Television operates to tight turnarounds and the perception is that British actors are well - behaved and unstarry .
" There 's a possibility that we are possibly better in an ensemble or less geared to being a huge star or more resigned to not being a huge star , " says West " Because in America , it seems to me that everything is ' you 've got your one shot at the top and you 've got to make it there , you 've got to get there ' .
In England , I think we 're more philosophical about that because there 's less chance of it here .
" In The Wire , there was no star actor .
It was an ensemble serving the writing and maybe in America agents have become more involved in trying to make a star in whoever was acting in it .
" There 's maybe a readiness to be part of an ensemble which goes slightly against the grain of how the Americans view celebrity and show business . "
Authenticity broken
But there is an unexpected factor in the casting of British actors on television , and it's all to do with the way characters are built up from scratch .
When casting for Generation Kill , Ms Calderwood searched across the globe .
After much time spent convincing HBO head office , she cast a Swedish actor , Alexander Skarsgard , to play US marine Sgt Brad " Iceman " Colbert .
She believes using a high - status actor from the US not only would have been costly , but also could have been less convincing for viewers .
" They did n't actually want known actors in the role because it would have broken the authenticity . "
To take the example of House , if an actor already big in US television had taken the lead role , or if it had gone to an established movie star , the audience would have viewed the new character through the prism of the star 's previous characters .
Instead , with Hugh Laurie in the lead , they just see Gregory House .
It 's a particularly important point in ensemble dramas .
The point here is that the actors could be from anywhere as long as they 're not already familiar , but the British actors have a head start .
Of course , once they 're televisual megastars like Laurie , the effect will no longer apply .
Below is a selection of your comments
Or maybe it's because we have a fantastic supply of talented actors and unless they want to play villains it could be the best career move they can make .
Laurie 's comic timing has always been great , and House 's scathing sarcasm benefits from it .
I also think that it was a big risk for the studio , since he was n't a megastar over there before , meaning the writing and acting are what have kept people watching .
Paul , London , UK Very interesting article - although the point is made that less well known actors are cast to increase authenticity , the result is opposite over here in Britain .
I 'm not sure about anyone else but do n't you just expect Hugh Laurie to call in Jeeves !
Mike S , Rotherham I 'm sad to see no mention of Matthew Rhys , who plays Kevin in Brothers and Sisters .
Not only is that one of the most natural and convincing accents I have ever heard , but also one of the most natural performances in a different culture .
I was shocked when I first heard Matthew Rhys speak in his own accent , which is a very strong Welsh accent .
Hats off , say I .
Steve Doran , Medway
In Band of Brothers , a vast number of the cast were actually British actors .
They did a sterling job ( no pun intended ) and at times seemed more convincingly American than their genuinely American colleagues .
Rosie , Brighton Look at Christian Bale .
Born in Wales but has had a successful career across the Pond , and even does some interviews in an American accent so as not to confuse viewers .
Steve Renshaw , London , UK
As a public television fan -- I recognized Bertie Wooster in the first teasers for HOUSE & tuned in because of that - was pleasantly surprised by the show and have been a fan ever since .
House Fan , USA I do n't mind Brits being cast as villains , per see , but I do have a problem with Brits being cast as half - wits , viz the Travelocity and Geico ads on TV .
A stupid , and probably false , upper class or cockney accent seems to be de rigeur for most advertisement punch lines .
Gordon Clifford , Susquehanna , PA , USA British actors and production staff in ROME was because it was an HBO / BBC co-production .
That it was funded in large part by the British public .
It is also interesting to note that this is a two - way street .
A couple of recent examples spring to mind of foreign actors playing ironically British roles : An American playing Sherlock Holmes and an Australian playing Robin Hood .
On British actors adopting American accents , this seems to be purely driven by the U.S. production companies .
As a Brit living in the US , it is obvious a stereotypical English accent goes down well here .
For example , when conversation has turned to the recent Sherlock Holmes movie , it has been mentioned to me numerous times that Americans wanted to see a British actor playing such a typically British role .
Also removing the British accents on children 's TV shows like Thomas the Tank Engine and Bob the Builder , appears to be totally unnecessary .
Lee , SFC , California
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 24/3/2010 ( 3843 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
WINNIPEG - Two Winnipeg police officers have been ordered to stand trial on perjury charges stemming from an allegedly improper search of a downtown hotel room and the seizure of two pounds of cocaine .
A provincial court judge ruled Wednesday there was sufficient evidence to proceed with the case against Const .
Peter O’Kane and Const . Jess Zebrun , who is the stepson of retired police chief Jack Ewatski .
A court - ordered ban prevents specific details of the preliminary hearing from being published .
No trial dates have been set .
O’Kane , 39 , and Zebrun , 32 , were arrested in January 2008 after they allegedly took an illegal shortcut to arrest a known drug dealer .
The internal investigation against the officers started in November 2006 , after the Crown stayed drug - trafficking charges against the suspect and an accomplice after questions were raised during a preliminary hearing over the validity of a police search warrant .
O’Kane and Zebrun are alleged to have lied under oath as to how they obtained the search warrant , which was used to enter a room at the Fairmont hotel and seize the cocaine and $ 30,000 cash .
When they testified at the preliminary hearing , O’Kane and Zebrun claimed their suspicions about the hotel room were n’t based on an illegal " sneak - and- peek " but rather on the information of a mysterious informant .
The pair told a judge they did not enter Room 1707 at the Fairmont until after they had obtained a search warrant , which they based on a tip from the unknown source .
They also gave different accounts in court of when they first went to the hotel the day of the July 2005 arrests .
mike.mcintyre@freepress.mb.ca
Some of the Hyper Crush remixes that we have featured on this website recently have been absolutely fantastic .
We had their take on Over by Drake and also Bulletproof by La Roux , and now they have remixed continuing up and comer Kevin Rudolf ’s recent single I Made It .
Kevin Rudolf – I Made It ( Hyper Crush Remix )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
This have already been mentioned by Filesharefreak
So i'm just going to wish Frylock the best of luck and hopefully he will be out of there as soon as possible .
A lot of people have wondered what he was up to , it 's not every day a Sysop on any kind of site is gone over 11 days .
" Worse case scenario I will be away for about a year but with some LUCK I will be out in about a month . "
While I 'm glad to see this type of article getting large distribution , it 's not really going to help anything .
For one , all of these articles always cite " a study in year ... " , instead of just going out and seeing what actual athletes do .
If you want to look great , do what the people you want to look like do ... Heck I even saw Kendra doing back squats using a Smith Machine a few nights ago .
( Gasp ! Smith Machines = devil ) [ www.eonline.com]
But at least she 's going heavy in with a functional workout .
Next , the article just says " lift heavier stuff " .
For most people that 's great , but it says nothing about how much you should ift , proper form , eating the right fuel , and recovery ( read : lots of sleep ) .
Again , these articles tend to be filler fluff that ding off of most people 's cabezas .
Anyway , my soapbox is cluttered but I 'll just end by saying that lifting heavy weights is not only good for you , it feels incredible .
Squatting deep especially - I mean we 're talking about using every muscle in your body at the same time .
I got my set of weights for $ 100 off of craigslist and went from a big loafy guy to a big loafy guy with muscle mass .
( Still need to lose the rest of the loaf ) .
Very rewarding , much more so than an " hour on the treadmill " .
P.S. - [ www.amazon.com]
The Center for Reproductive Rights has filed a lawsuit against the newly passed Oklahoma requirement that a women seeking an abortion must have ultrasound and listen while her doctor describes the image in detail , irrespective of her wishes .
The Center for Reproductive Rights ( CRR ) has filed a lawsuit against anti-choice legislation in Oklahoma .
From CRR ’s press release :
The Center argues that the ultrasound requirement profoundly intrudes upon a patient ’s privacy and is the most extreme ultrasound law in the country .
The law forces a woman to hear information that she may not want to hear and that may not be relevant to her medical care .
It also dangerously discounts her abilities to make healthy decisions about her own life by forcing her to hear information when she ’s objected .
In addition , the statute interferes with the doctor - patient relationship — potentially damaging it — by compelling doctors to deliver unwanted speech .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 drivers are pushing the FIA to help improve the rear view mirrors on the cars , following complaints about the lack of visibility this year .
The Australian Grand Prix has been blighted by a series of incidents throughout practice and qualifying where drivers have blocked their rivals after being unable to clearly see cars closing in on them .
Pedro de la Rosa was reprimanded for holding up a rival during free practice , while Michael Schumacher was left fuming after he was baulked by both Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton in qualifying .
With a number of drivers expressing concerns that the current generation of mirrors - especially those fitted to the sidepods like on the Ferrari and Red Bull Racing cars - are not giving drivers enough visibility , the FIA is now being lobbied to do something .
Rubens Barrichello said : " I hope we put a proposal as the GPDA to see if we can have the mirrors back to where they belong - and it is something we mentioned in the drivers ' briefing on Friday .
" We have all been quite honest and said that we all have difficulties - apart from Lewis .
The problem for me is that we are driven by the aerodynamics , but the mirrors situated on the aero stuff vibrates . "
Pedro de la Rosa , who spoke to FIA race director Charlie Whiting about the matter during a lengthy meeting on Friday night , said : " Everyone has got a problem with mirrors .
The reality is that the mirrors on the sidepods , they give you very small vision of what is happening behind and they vibrate a lot so you see very little .
" So if you do n't have a lot of information coming from the radio , then you have a problem .
You can see when you have a car straight behind okay , but when it is two seconds behind you have no idea where it is .
" Everyone has the same problem , but since the mirrors have gone outboard this is a problem - as they are aerodynamic devices now . "
When asked for what he felt would be a good solution , de la Rosa said : " Mirrors are to give the car the ability to look backwards and what is happening behind .
They have to come back to the monocoque , with the old style , as that is the best position to work .
" The reason they are out is that they are an aerodynamic device so they give downforce .
That is the reality .
We have to compromise - this is a safety issue .
Most of the drivers agree - it has n't been an easy weekend for me because of this factor . "
Broadband provider iiNet and the Australian division of the Pirate Party have come out swinging in response to apparent moves by content providers to nudge the Federal Government about potential legislation to stop copyright infringement .
In an article published by the Australian yesterday , the Australian Federation Against Copyright Theft ( AFACT ) , which represents groups such as movie studios and was recently unsuccessful in its BitTorrent infringement lawsuit against iiNet , said the current state of Australian copyright law was “ a threat to our digital economy ” and appeared to suggest new legislation was necessary .
Subsequent to the iiNet trial , Communications Minister Stephen Conroy indicated the parties and industry should move towards a solution , but the Australian ’s article said AFACT was complaining that ISPs were refusing to negotiate .
But in a statement yesterday , iiNet said the claim was “ completely untrue ” .
“ In fact , a number of Australian ISPs , including iiNet , have successfully negotiated with rights holders for a range of online rights such as Village Roadshow , Fox Sports and Bloomberg , ” iiNet said .
“ On the very day iiNet comprehensively won in the Federal Court , chief executive officer Michael Malone renewed his call [ for negotiation on the court case ] , saying he was eager to engage with the film industry and copyright holders . ”
iiNet described AFACT ’s approach as “ attempting to force an unworkable political solution ” in an election year , rather than working with the ISP industry .
In a separate statement , the Pirate Party also came out swinging against AFACT .
Although AFACT did not explicitly back the ‘ three strikes ’ model being used overseas for cutting off file sharers ’ internet connections , the Pirate Party said it was against such a system being implemented in Australia .
“ Mechanisms like this will see entire households disconnected , upon an allegation from an industry association , ” said party secretary Rodney Serkowski , noting the internet was increasingly the most important platform for communication and political discourse in 2010 .
“ The implementation of a notice and termination - style mechanism places an undue burden on internet service providers , who subsequently become defacto copyright cops , ” he added , noting that instead , ISPs should be considered akin to the postal service , where information sent on their networks should be considered private .
But the Pirate Party also went further in its statement , warning that content providers had donated significant amounts to political parties in Australia .
“ In fact , $ 205,000 was donated alone by Village Roadshow to the Federal ALP , with $ 487,791 donated in total to other political parties in the lead - up to the last election , ” said Serkowski .
“ Will this now translate into laws safeguarding failing business models by sacrificing time - honoured freedoms and protections ? ”
Image credit : Penny Mathews , royalty free
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mercedes GP CEO Nick Fry has warned not to underestimate the German squad despite a slower - than - expected start to the 2010 season .
The world champion squad has been unable to match the pace of leading teams and has so far scored only one podium thanks to Nico Rosberg 's third place in the Malaysian Grand Prix .
Mercedes remains confident , however , that it will catch up with its rivals as the season progresses , and Fry says it would be foolish to write the team off already .
" I think we 've got an extremely strong team , and anyone who underestimates us is fairly foolish , " said Fry .
" We 've got excellent people .
I would say we still have the best technical leader in Ross , we have the best manufacturer and engine provider in F1 , and we have two phenomenal drivers .
" All of that means that we are going to be strong , and we have the tools in terms of the money to do a very good job .
I am very optimistic .
We will be strong this year .
Whether we can win it , who knows , but I think we will be there or thereabout . "
Fry reckons seven - time champion Michael Schumacher will also be raising his game as he gets back into the groove following his three - year absence from the sport .
But the Mercedes CEO insists he has been very impressed by the German 's performance already .
" Michael is , for me , quite remarkable , " added Fry .
" Even this weekend , the level of feedback that he gives is something that I have never seen before - and that is just not in the debriefs .
" When you have the headphones on you hear amazing things - and in qualifying he was driving around almost giving a commentary .
The FIA , who also listens , was also very impressed that a driver can do that .
" Every race he is learning a little bit more and it is all coming together slowly but surely , which is probably what you would expect .
" He has taken the disappointment of what happened in Malaysia very well and he is old enough to realise that sometimes these things happen .
He has taken away the positives again and I would not underestimate him . "
Fry also praised Schumacher 's team - mate Nico Rosberg , who he believes is driving as strongly as expected .
" My personal verdict on Nico is that he is doing exactly as I expected , " he said .
" He was the first into the frame , ahead of Michael [ Schumacher ] and Nick [ Heidfeld ] because Ross and I thought he was a brilliant driver .
That was before Mercedes came on the scene , and he is just confirming what we thought .
" I know others in the paddock were not so convinced , but I think even they must be convinced he is the real deal now .
It was a very solid performance all weekend in Malaysia and all year so far .
He is very assured , very confident of himself and he has done some great qualifying as well - which augers very well for the future . "
Rumors have been swirling today that a new project called How to Destroy Angels is perhaps the collaboration between Trent Reznor and his wife , Mariqueen Maandig of West Indian Girl .
Consequence of Sound received a cryptic email from a publicist that says a 6 - track EP will be out this summer and it includes the URL for the “ band ” website .
Though the site features little else but what could be the album art and an equally mysterious 40 - second video ( below ) , the lady on the cover does resemble Mariqueen and the music bears all the sonic similarities to NIN ’s Year Zero .
If anything , Reznor ’s stated in the past that he is a fan of Coil and How to Destroy Angels is one of said band ’s earliest , best releases .
Andrew is the son of Walter Koenig - better known as Lt Chekov
The actor son of Star Trek veteran Walter Koenig has been found dead in a wood in Vancouver , police have said .
Koenig said his 41 - year - old son Andrew , who suffered from depression , " took his own life " .
Police spokeswoman Jana McGuinness said she did not believe anyone else had been involved , adding that a coroner had now taken over the investigation .
Andrew was best known for his recurring role as ' Boner ' on US sitcom Growing Pains , between 1985 - 1989 .
His parents reported him missing when he failed to return home to Los Angeles after visiting friends in Vancouver earlier this month .
' Talk to somebody '
On Thursday , his body was discovered in Vancouver 's 1,000 - acre Stanley Park , where Koenig liked to walk and was last seen .
Walter , who played Lieutenant Pavel Chekov in the original Star Trek series , said his son was " obviously in a lot of pain " to have taken his own life .
In a statement he said that Andrew had given away his belongings and had not been taking his medication .
He urged others suffering from depression to seek help .
" If you are one of those people who can't handle it any more , know people are out there who really care before you make that final decision , " Koenig , 71 , said .
" Talk to somebody . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you can see the underside of your floor then you can have radiant floor heating .
Pexheat offers the most advanced and affordable underfloor heating products in the industry which create the quietest best performing radiant floor heating systems for your home .
We offer products with assured satisfactory results at the most cost effective prices .
Electric Underfloor Heating Pexheat provide a range of floor heating system starting with traditional PEX tubing with metal heat transfer plates to advanced Onix staple up floor solutions and HeatWeave electric underfloor heating mats .
It 's a great solution to keep your rooms warm without unnecessarily increasing the height of the floor .
You can enjoy constant warmth .
Pexheat provides you with professional advice on using underfloor heat , the installation procedure of every product and information on the best money saving opportunities for all heating related items .
We also give detailed quotes free of charge , which can be requested via online , email , or fax .
Water Underfloor Heating
Whether you are looking for hydronic ( water ) heating , underfloor system or electric radiant floor heating system , we have every solution for you .
Be it heating your bathroom floor tiles ; taking the heat off those cold kitchen tiles , adding an extra comfortable feel to wood and laminate floors , family room heating or a total underfloor radiant heating solution for your whole house , we have all the solutions you are seeking .
We have most underfloor heating system products stocked to facilitate quick delivery as we understand the value of time in today ’s construction market .
Furthermore our deliveries are quick and will not keep you waiting for weeks .
Underfloor Heating Benefits
The best underfloor heating system is very beneficial for those who suffer from allergies as it does not affect the air quality by circulating foreign particles .
It is very safe for new born babies and kids as it does not pollute the air .
It is also the best solution within the budget , low cost , easy to install , warming the floor and room evenly .
It helps you relax and enjoy in your warm home .
Our radiant underfloor heat system is suitable for use with the most energy efficient and environmentally friendly heating systems including condensing boilers , solar power and heat pumps .
Our expert teams of professionals are always eager to help you out .
So contact us anytime and allow us to offer you services and solutions best suited for you .
Or Log In and Submit a request for a Free Project Estimate .
Staple Up Plate Staple Up Onix Suspended Underfloor HeatWeave Underfloor Free Estimate Request
Yahoo and federal prosecutors in Colorado are embroiled in a privacy battle that 's testing whether the Constitution 's warrant requirements apply to Americans ' e-mail .
The legal dust - up , unsealed late Tuesday , concerns a 1986 law that already allows the government to obtain a suspect 's e-mail from an ISP or webmail provider without a probable - cause warrant , once it 's been stored for 180 days or more .
The government now contends it can get e-mail under 180 - days old if that e-mail has been read by the owner , and the Constitution 's Fourth Amendment protections do n't apply .
Yahoo is challenging the government 's position and defying a court order to turn over some customer e-mail to the feds .
Google , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the Center for Democracy & Technology and other groups late Tuesday told the federal judge presiding over the case that accessing e-mail under 180 days old requires a valid warrant under the Fourth Amendment , regardless of whether it has been read .
" The government says the Fourth Amendment does not protect these e-mails , " Kevin Bankston , an EFF lawyer , said in a telephone interview Wednesday .
" What we 're talking about is archives of our personal correspondence that they would need a warrant to get from your computer but not from the server . "
If the courts adopt the government 's position , the vast majority of Americans ' e-mail would be accessible to the government without probable cause , whenever law enforcement believes the messages would be relevant to a criminal investigation , even if the e-mail 's owner is not suspected of wrongdoing .
The legal jockeying began Dec. 3 , when a Colorado magistrate ordered Yahoo to hand over to authorities e-mail communications under six months old " received by the specified accounts that the owner or user of the account has already accessed , viewed , or downloaded . "
Yahoo refused , claiming the Stored Communications
Act requires the government to show probable cause to obtain that e-mail .
The government asserted a lesser , warrantless standard that the " communications sought are relevant and material to an ongoing criminal investigation . "
The difference between those standards is the subject of fierce debate in the legal community .
But all sides agree that obtaining unopened e-mail less than 180 days old requires the authorities to make a probable - cause showing to a judge , and that after 180 days stored e-mail – read or unread – can be accessed without such a warrant .
The 1986 Stored Communications
Act was enacted at a time when e-mail generally was n't stored on servers at all , but instead passed through them briefly on their way to the recipient 's inbox .
In today 's reality , e-mail can , and is , being stored on servers forever .
A consortium of businesses , including Google and Microsoft , recentlyasked Congress to update the law and require probable cause to obtain any e-mail .
But the government 's position in the Colorado case pushes the outdated law even further .
Prosecutors are arguing that opened e-mail less than 180 days old is no longer in " electronic storage " as defined by the law – which allows the feds to obtain it with the lower standard .
The 1986 law defines electronic storage as " ( A ) any temporary , intermediate storage of a wire or electronic communication incidental to the electronic transmission thereof ; and ( B ) any storage of such communication by an electronic communication service for purposes of backup protection of such communication . "
The government , in urging the Colorado court to compel Yahoo to comply , wrote in in a brief unsealed Tuesday that " [ s] torage of previously opened e-mail ( . pdf ) does not fall within the subsection ( A ) of this definition because its storage is no longer temporary , intermediate , or incident to transmission .
It does not fall within the subsection ( B ) of this definition because that subsection includes only copies of electronic communications stored by a service provider for its backup protection . "
In response , Yahoo said in a Tuesday unsealed court filing that the distinction is immaterial , " misguided " ( .pdf ) and settled in a recent civil case .
The EFF , Google and CDT asserted in its filing that all e-mail – regardless of its age or whether it was opened – should be subject to a probable - cause warrant .
" The Fourth Amendment protects stored e-mails ( .pdf ) just as it does conversational privacy and private papers . "
The nature of the criminal case is under seal .
The only available public record of the case concerns the constitutional issues surrounding the Stored Communications Act .
All three of those filings are linked above .
See Also :
Common folks teaching other common folks to shoot uncommonly well
( CNN ) -- Extended unemployment benefits will temporarily expire for thousands of Americans on Monday because the Senate went on its spring recess without approving a one - month deadline extension .
The extension , which had bipartisan support , would have cost about $ 10 billion , but a lone Republican , Sen .
Tom Coburn , said no until the costs are offset .
The Oklahoma senator objected to a commonly used unanimous - consent agreement to pass the bill under emergency conditions , even if it increases the federal deficit .
Coburn wants to eliminate additional government spending to pay for the bill .
" The legitimate debate is whether we borrow and steal from our kids or we get out of town and send the bill to our kids for something that we 're going to consume today , " Coburn said on the Senate floor .
It 's the second time a Republican has blocked a so - called " emergency extension " of jobless benefits .
Kentucky Sen. Jim Bunning objected to adding to the deficit back in February .
" We can't do everything we 'd like to do , " Bunning said at the time .
" We do n't have the money . "
Coburn on Monday refuted the notion he single - handedly blocked the extension , noting that he voted to stay in session to work out the issue .
" Congress had several opportunities to extend these benefits in a fiscally - responsible manner before our Easter break but rejected all of them .
It 's time for Congress to do what 's right for both the unemployed and future generations and do the hard work of paying for important priorities , " he said in a statement .
Bunning on Monday also pointed the finger at congressional Democrats for going on recess before agreeing to a solution that was fully paid for .
" I am disappointed that the Democrats continue to play political games to avoid paying for these benefits that are so important to the many struggling families across our nation who rely on them to make ends meet while they search for work .
Clearly , the Democrats do n't want to help the unemployed unless they can increase the deficit while they 're doing it , " he said in a statement .
Asked whether President Obama believes that the benefits extension should be paid for , Lawrence Summers , one of Obama 's top economic advisers , said , " He believes that in an emergency , families who are depending on unemployment insurance to buy medicine for their kids should not have that unemployment insurance cut off . "
" We believe that we need to approach these issues in their totality , with a fiscal framework that assures that we are getting to a much lower budget deficit , " Lawrence , the head of the National Economic Council , said Sunday on CNN 's " State of the Union . "
The unemployment benefits provision was a part of the Continuing Extension Act of 2010 , which affects other programs , too .
The Senate 's inaction means lapses in funding for COBRA , Medicare payments to doctors and the National Flood Insurance Program , among other things .
The Senate is expected to take up the measure after lawmakers return from recess the week of April 12 .
Key Democrats said they hope to pass a retroactive extension , compensating the unemployed for a gap in funding .
If approved , it would be the seventh time the deadline has been extended since June 2008 .
Which programs did Congress leave unfunded ?
For the meantime , Democrats are furious .
Sen. Byron Dorgan represents North Dakota .
At 4.1 percent , the state has the lowest unemployment rate in the country .
" There are a whole lot of people in this country that are unemployed , and if ever there was a need to extend unemployment insurance , it is now .
We can't do that to the most vulnerable people in this country , " he said .
At least 212,000 Americans will be affected Monday .
Alexander Mitiuriev , an unemployed aerospace engineer , said Coburn 's argument that the nation 's children will carry the burden does n't resonate with him because his kids are being affected right now .
" This is my children .
For right now , they are affected , " he said .
" It makes no sense , " he said , adding that his children need the money now .
Clovia Cox , a personal trainer who is out of work , agreed with Mitiuriev , saying that the future is on the line today .
" Having people give up their future dreams and trying to save money for a better working car or better career or a better education -- that is the future .
The future starts now .
It 's desperate now , " she said .
About 11.5 million people currently depend on jobless benefits .
The average unemployment period lasts 32.1 weeks .
Of those unemployed , a record 44.1 percent of have been jobless for 27 weeks or more .
CNN 's Ted Barrett and Kristi Keck and CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .
COLORADO SRINGS , Colo . — China is planning to launch three spacecraft between 2011 and 2016 to form the basis of a manned space station , the director of the Chinese Manned Space Engineering Office ( CMSEO ) said Wednesday .
China plans to launch its first space station module , Tiangong 1 , during the first half of 2011 , said Wang Wenbao , CMSEO director general , addressing an audience of American and international space industry workers here at the 26th National Space Symposium .
The endeavor is part of an ambitious space program for China , which is only the third nation , after Russia and the United States , to independently launch humans to space .
The country 's third manned spaceflight , the Shenzhou 7 mission in 2008 , featured China 's first spacewalk .
" Space is the common resource of all humankind , " Wenbao told SPACE.com .
" The basic curiosity , desire to explore the unknown , are all the same universal human nature . "
During the second half of 2011 , China intends to launch the unmanned Shenzhou 8 mission , which will meet up with Tiangong 1 in space , performing China 's first in - flight rendezvous and docking .
Then , China plans to follow up with two more missions — Shenzhou 9 and 10 — in the first and second halves of 2012 respectively , to " make breakthroughs and master the necessary technologies of rendezvous and docking , " Wenbao said through a translator .
The Shenzhou spacecraft are designed to carry three astronauts , or taikonauts .
But these subsequent rendezvous and docking flights will only be manned if the first unmanned foray goes well .
" For Shenzhou 9 to be manned or unmanned depends on Shenzhou 8 , " Wenbao told SPACE.com .
The most challenging aspect of planning for this feat has been designing the docking mechanism and the " training of astronauts to maneuver and masterfully control the spacecraft on orbit , " Wenbao said .
The Tiangong 1 module is intended as the cornerstone of a Chinese space outpost that will host research in the life sciences , materials sciences , and agriculture , including the cultivation of seeds in space .
The second module of the Chinese space station , Tiangong 2 , is set to debut during a 2013 liftoff .
Tiangong 3 will follow sometime in 2014 to 2016 .
Then China will continue constructing the space station between 2016 and 2022 .
Once established , the laboratory should run for about three years .
" Astronauts can stay in the space station for long term and carry out space experiments on a large scale , " Wenbao said .
To supply this orbiting laboratory , China is developing a cargo - carrying spacecraft that will hold no less than 5.5 tons ( 5,000 kg ) , Wenbao said .
That 's about twice as much cargo capacity as Russia 's Progress unmanned spacecraft , which currently services the International Space Station ( ISS ) , and a little less than the Japanese H - II Transfer Vehicle ( HTV ) , which also flies to the ISS .
" Our cargo spacecraft will be developed on the basis of our manned spacecraft and space lab , " Wenbao said .
China 's launch into to the field of human spaceflight began in 2003 , with the successful launch of a Shenzhou spacecraft carrying astronaut Yang Liwei into orbit .
A second spaceflight , this time with two astronauts aboard , followed in 2006 .
China 's Shenzhou spacecraft are derived from the three - module Soyuz spacecraft built by Russia .
They consist of an orbital module , a crew capsule and a propulsion module .
But unlike Russia 's Soyuz , the Shenzhou 's orbital module has its own solar arrays , allowing it to linger in orbit for months after its crew has returned to Earth .
China is also looking to foster closer relationships with the space programs of other nations , he said .
He invited the representatives of the world 's space agencies to come visit China 's space facilities " to discuss cooperation with our experts in the field of manned space and together to promote the development and the progress of space technology . "
Posted by John , March 4th , 2010 - under Israel , Palestine .
Tags : Australian passports
Supporters of the Palestinians ’ struggle for justice might well be amazed to see the Labor government criticising Israel .
Kevin Rudd , that self - proclaimed proud Zionist , said of Israel ’s latest crime : “ It is not just one of those little things that happens that you deal with today and it ’s fixed tomorrow ” .
You might be thinking he ’s running at least 14 months late .
This would have been a reasonable start as a response to Israel ’s slaughter in Gaza in January 2009 .
Perhaps they ’ve just recognised the crimes against humanity mentioned in the Goldstone Report to the UN , such as dropping white phosphorous on heavily populated civilian areas in Gaza .
Or perhaps they ’ve just realised that Gaza is the largest jail in the world with its 1.5 million people living amongst the rubble of their homes from that bombardment , unable to repair them because of Israel ’s blockade .
Or they ’ve seen the statistics which demonstrate clearly that Israel ’s blockade is a deliberate act of genocide – for example , the World Health Organisation ’s report a year ago that more than 10 per cent of children younger than five have stunted growth , a figure which is worsening every week the blockade continues .
But hell no , that ’s all quite acceptable .
So perhaps this government , which opposes the death penalty , objects to the assassination of an elected representative of the Palestinians for his political resistance ?
Well , no again .
Israel ’s actual crime – passport fraud – impacts on Australian dignity as a power to be taken seriously in the pecking order of world imperialism .
Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith told the media :
“ I made it crystal clear to the [ Israeli ] ambassador that if the results of [ an investigation ] cause us to come to the conclusion that the abuse of Australian passports was in any way sponsored or condoned by Israeli officials , that Australia would not regard that as the act of a friend . ”
Harsh words indeed from one of Israel ’s staunchest and loudest supporters .
You might ask why Rudd and Smith have come out so stridently .
After all , it ’s well known that Mossad ( the notorious Israeli secret service ) regularly assassinates those fighting their atrocities .
It ’s also well known that they use stolen identities from Western countries to get their operatives into countries that would never admit them under their own ; at least one book has been published documenting these activities , and scandals involving New Zealand are on public record .
What is at stake is the validity of Australian citizenship and the doors it opens .
Australia wo n’t stand for anything that might lessen the standing of its documents around the world .
Australia expects its citizens to be able to use their passports to travel with impunity , to be treated with respect .
In this repressive age of the “ war on terror ” , this is nothing to be sneezed at .
Australia does not want its passports ’ unreliability leading to its citizens being harassed as suspect terrorists .
If Mossad can go around fraudulently producing passports using Australian identities , then Australian travellers might be inconvenienced .
For the Australian government this is a much more serious state of affairs than the deaths of a few Palestinians .
Rewind here – if it is widely known that Mossad can go around forging identity documents using Australian passports , then Australia ’s place in the world is undermined .
It does not mean , as a headline in the Electronic Intifada – a usually fantastic source of information on Israel ’s crimes and the struggle of the Palestinians – that Israel “ is on the road to self - destruction ” .
Why did Mossad have to botch their operation so badly that the Western media can have a field day publicising their activities – which in the usual scheme of things are accepted as perfectly legitimate ?
That ’s why Israeli officials are so dismissive of enquiries about this scandal in a tea cup .
In fact , one of them laughed in journalists ’ faces as he flung at them “ you should all be celebrating ; we eliminated one of Hamas ’ top operatives ” .
They are genuinely surprised at the kerfuffle .
And why would n’t they be ?
When their crimes against humanity , their genocide of the Palestinians , their killing of peaceful protesters , the building of their security wall destroying Palestinian communities in the process , the continuing occupation of Palestinian land by settlers , all of this and more is not just ignored , but cheered on !
The vilest atrocities are continually justified as Israel “ defending ” its vulnerable self , only armed as they are with nuclear weapons and all the modern means of killing that the US can pour into their hands .
So while Rudd and Smith probably are genuinely annoyed , we should not expect too many ripples from this affair .
It does not mean , as one headline proclaimed on Electronic Intifada – a usually fantastic source of information on Israel ’s crimes and the struggle of the Palestinians – that Israel “ is on the road to self - destruction ” .
When it comes down to it , Australia , determined to be heard and respected in the imperialist club , will continue to cheer on Israel ’s real crimes no matter how annoyed they are or how much they huff and puff about this stuff up .
At least they ’ll expect Mossad to lift its game and carry out their illegal assassinations without discrediting the standing of friendly states ’ identity documentation .
This article , by Sandra Bloodworth , first appeared in Socialist Alternative .
Tucson
EACH year some 30 million American men undergo testing for prostate - specific antigen , an enzyme made by the prostate .
Approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 1994 , the P.S.A. test is the most commonly used tool for detecting prostate cancer .
The test ’s popularity has led to a hugely expensive public health disaster .
It ’s an issue I am painfully familiar with  I discovered P.S.A. in 1970 .
As Congress searches for ways to cut costs in our health care system , a significant savings could come from changing the way the antigen is used to screen for prostate cancer .
Americans spend an enormous amount testing for prostate cancer .
The annual bill for P.S.A. screening is at least $ 3 billion , with much of it paid for by Medicare and the Veterans Administration .
Prostate cancer may get a lot of press , but consider the numbers : American men have a 16 percent lifetime chance of receiving a diagnosis of prostate cancer , but only a 3 percent chance of dying from it .
That ’s because the majority of prostate cancers grow slowly .
In other words , men lucky enough to reach old age are much more likely to die with prostate cancer than to die of it .
The President continued his series of White House to Main Street tours with stops through Iowa , Illinois and Missouri .
After touring Siemens Energy , Inc. in Fort Madison , Iowa , the President made an impromptu visit to Jerry 's Family Restaurant in Mt. Pleasant where he greeted Iowans and wished 107 - year - old Frances Asher a happy birthday .
Watch some raw footage from the visit :
[ [ nid :11533 ] ]
---------------Neat Zine---------------
Self - published drawings , collages , poetry , journalism , and short fiction , currently based in Ames , IA and Portland , Oregon .
Free copies are available at the Ames Progressive and I.S.U College of Design .
We also offer free Zines by mail .
Anyone , anywhere is welcome to submit their work and become a contributor .
( Click on pages to zoom , all image files should be large enough to read text .
)
Harmonic Number
A harmonic number is a number of the form
(1)
arising from truncation of the harmonic series .
A harmonic number can be expressed analytically as
(2)
where is the Euler - Mascheroni constant and is the digamma function .
The first few harmonic numbers are 1 , , , , , ... ( OEIS A001008 and A002805 ) .
The numbers of digits in the numerator of for , 1 , ... are 1 , 4 , 41 , 434 , 4346 , 43451 , 434111 , 4342303 , 43428680 , ... ( OEIS A114467 ) , with the corresponding number of digits in the denominator given by 1 , 4 , 40 , 433 , 4345 , 43450 , 434110 , 4342302 , 43428678 , ... ( OEIS A114468 ) .
These digits converge to what appears to be the decimal digits of ( OEIS A002285 ) .
The first few indices such that the numerator of is prime are given by 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 21 , 26 , 41 , 56 , 62 , 69 , ... ( OEIS A056903 ) .
The search for prime numerators has been completed up to by E. W. Weisstein ( May 13 , 2009 ) , and the following table summarizes the largest known values .
decimal digits discoverer 63942 27795 E. W. Weisstein ( Feb. 14 , 2007 ) 69294 30067 E. W. Weisstein ( Feb. 1 , 2008 ) 69927 30301 E. W. Weisstein ( Mar. 11 , 2008 ) 77449 33616 E. W. Weisstein ( Apr. 4 , 2009 ) 78128 33928 E. W. Weisstein ( Apr. 9 , 2009 ) 78993 34296 E. W. Weisstein ( Apr. 17 , 2009 ) 81658 35479 E. W. Weisstein ( May. 12 , 2009 )
The denominators of appear never to be prime except for the case .
Furthermore , the denominator is never a prime power ( except for this case ) since the denominator is always divisible by the largest power of 2 less than or equal to , and also by any prime with .
The harmonic numbers are implemented as HarmonicNumber [ n ] .
The values of such that equals or exceeds 1 , 2 , 3 , ... are given by 1 , 4 , 11 , 31 , 83 , 227 , 616 , 1674 , ... ( OEIS A004080 ) .
Another interesting sequence is the number of terms in the simple continued fraction of for , 1 , 2 , ... , given by 1 , 8 , 68 , 834 , 8356 , 84548 , 841817 , 8425934 , 84277586 , ... ( OEIS A091590 ) , which is conjectured to approach ( OEIS A089729 ) .
The definition of harmonic numbers can also be extended to the complex plane , as illustrated above .
Based on their definition , harmonic numbers satisfy the obvious recurrence equation
(3 )
with .
The number formed by taking alternate signs in the sum also has an explicit analytic form
( 4) ( 5 ) ( 6 )
has the particularly beautiful form
(7) ( 8 ) ( 9 ) ( 10 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 )
The harmonic number is never an integer except for , which can be proved by using the strong triangle inequality to show that the 2 - adic value of is greater than 1 for .
This result was proved in 1915 by Taeisinger , and the more general results that any number of consecutive terms not necessarily starting with 1 never sum to an integer was proved by Kűrschák in 1918 ( Hoffman 1998 , p. 157 ) .
The harmonic numbers have odd numerators and even denominators .
The th harmonic number is given asymptotically by
( 13 )
where is the Euler - Mascheroni constant ( Conway and Guy 1996 ; Havil 2003 , pp. 79 and 89 ) , where the general th term is , giving , 120 , , 240 , ... for , 2 , ... ( OEIS A006953 ) .
This formula is a special case of an Euler - Maclaurin integration formulas ( Havil 2003 , p. 79 ) .
Inequalities bounding include
( 14 )
( Young 1991 ; Havil 2003 , pp. 73-75 ) and
( 15 )
( DeTemple 1991 ; Havil 2003 , pp. 76-78 ) .
An interesting analytic sum is given by
( 16 )
( Coffman 1987 ) .
Borwein and Borwein ( 1995 ) show that
( 17 ) ( 18 ) ( 19 ) ( 20 ) ( 21 )
where is the Riemann zeta function .
The first of these had been previously derived by de Doelder ( 1991 ) , and the third by Goldbach in a 1742 letter to Euler ( Borwein and Bailey 2003 , pp. 99-100 ; Bailey et al. 2007 , p. 256 ) .
These identities are corollaries of the identity
( 22 )
( Borwein and Borwein 1995 ) .
Additional identities due to Euler are
( 23 ) ( 24 )
for , 3 , ... ( Borwein and Borwein 1995 ) , where is Apéry 's constant .
These sums are related to so - called Euler sums .
A general identity due to B. Cloitre ( pers. comm. , Jan. 7 , 2006 ) is
( 25 )
where is a Pochhammer symbol .
Gosper gave the interesting identity
( 26 ) ( 27 )
where is the incomplete gamma function and is the Euler - Mascheroni constant .
G. Huvent ( 2002 ) found the beautiful formula
( 28 )
A beautiful double series is given by
( 29 )
( Bailey et al. 2007 , pp. 273-274 ) .
Another double sum is
( 30 )
for ( Sondow 2003 , 2005 ) .
There is an unexpected connection between the harmonic numbers and the Riemann hypothesis .
Generalized harmonic numbers in power can be defined by the relationship
( 31 )
where
( 32 )
These number are implemented as HarmonicNumber [ n , r ] .
The numerators of the special case are known as Wolstenholme numbers .
B. Cloitre ( pers. comm. , ) gave the surprising identity
( 33 )
which relates to an indefinite version of a famous series for .
For odd , these have the explicit form
( 34 )
where is the polygamma function , is the gamma function , and is the Riemann zeta function .
The 2 - index harmonic numbers satisfy the identity
( 35 )
( P. Simon , pers . comm. , Aug. 30 , 2004 ) .
Sums of the generalized harmonic numbers include
( 36 )
for , where is a polylogarithm ,
( 37 ) ( 38 ) ( 39 ) ( 40 ) ( 41 ) ( 42 )
where equations ( 37 ) , ( 38 ) , ( 39 ) , and ( 41 ) are due to B. Cloitre ( pers. comm. , Oct. 4 , 2004 ) and is a dilogarithm .
In general ,
( 43 )
( P. Simone , pers . comm. June 2 , 2003 ) .
The power harmonic numbers also obey the unexpected identity
( 44 )
( M. Trott , pers . comm . ) .
P. Simone ( pers. comm. , Aug. 30 , 2004 ) showed that
( 45 )
where
( 46 ) ( 47 ) ( 48 ) ( 49 )
This gives the special results
( 50 )
for , respectively .
Conway and Guy ( 1996 ) define the second - order harmonic number by
( 51 ) ( 52 ) ( 53 )
the third - order harmonic number by
( 54 )
and the th- order harmonic number by
( 55 )
A slightly different definition of a two - index harmonic number is given by Roman ( 1992 ) in connection with the harmonic logarithm .
Roman ( 1992 ) defines this by
( 56 ) ( 57 )
plus the recurrence relation
( 58 )
For general and , this is equivalent to
( 59 )
and for , it simplifies to
( 60 )
For , the harmonic number can be written
( 61 )
where is the Roman factorial and is a Stirling number of the first kind .
A separate type of number sometimes also called a " harmonic number " is a harmonic divisor number ( or Ore number ) .
Public health scientists and clinicians tout vaccines as one of the greatest achievements of modern medicine .
But for many ordinary Americans vaccines have become controversial .
Young parents are concerned at the sheer number of shots — some 26 inoculations for 14 different diseases by age 6 — and follow alternative vaccination schedules .
Other parents go further .
In communities like Ashland , Oregon , up to one - third of parents are choosing not to vaccinate their kids at all .
This is the vaccine war :
On one side sits scientific medicine and the public health establishment ; on the other a populist coalition of parents , celebrities , politicians and activists .
But for every U.S.S.
Enterprise bursting with disposable red shirts or chocolate factory crawling with indifferent orange pygmies , there are movies where the entire plot seems to happen purely because the facility is operating with a skeleton crew .
Movies are filled with military bases and lairs , fully staffed with no -name henchman , janitors and cafeteria workers milling about the background .
6 Jurassic Park
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You can't criticize InGen for cloning dinosaurs for their park .
Let 's be honest ; if the technology actually became available , we 'd start saving up for tickets to the place right now , even if they warned us that rampages were happening every couple of weeks .
Hell , that makes us want to go more .
If , you know , they hire some freaking staff first .
The Staff :
Despite the fact that the park seems to be overrun with scientists growing dinosaurs in beakers and one guy who shovels triceratops shit all day , the entire computer technician staff seems to be made up of Samuel L. Jackson and Newman .
Well , OK .
It 's a sophisticated system .
Maybe it runs itself .
And if both of those guys take a sick day at the same time , uh , maybe you just shut the park down ?
Because not a whole hell of a lot has to go wrong with the system before the dinosaurs are just running free .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Adware could have caused this .
Of course that brings us to the security team whose job it is to stop that , a team which consists of game warden Robert Muldoon .
SPOILER : All of those people we just mentioned are quickly eaten by dinosaurs .
If only I had held onto my butt .
What the hell ?
Even smaller theme parks like Disneyland tend to have more security , just to keep toddlers from getting mangled by the Country Bears robots .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why Some Extra Staff Would n't Have Hurt :
Instead of breeding more attractive , popular and harmless dinosaurs , John Hammond thought it might be a good idea to breed super - intelligent ( and apparently pure evil ) velociraptors , despite the fact that they would hardly have been an attraction since before 1993 , only paleontologists and guys who regularly read the dictionary knew what they were .
Even stranger , they also do n't appear to be part of the park 's tour , and are instead quarantined to a Kafkaesque holding pen , where even just a brief sight of them feeding seems to be enough to cause Jeff Goldblum to completely lose his appetite .
Volcker rule ‘ most important reform initiative ’
WASHINGTON —
As the Senate debates financial reform , consumer groups are urging Congress to break up the biggest banks and impose strict limits on proprietary lending , virtually guaranteeing a “ repeat ” of the 2008 meltdown if those actions are n’t taken .
The two components comprise the “ Volcker rule ” for financial reform , named after former Fed chairman Paul Volcker , who proposed them .
President Obama has backed it , citing Volcker as a key ally .
ADVERTISEMENT
The prospects for its inclusion in the final bill are unclear .
On Monday , dealReporter alleged that the proposal “ will be either be dropped or significantly modified in the Senate ” at the request of Banking Committee Chairman , Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) .
But on Tuesday , Dodd refuted the claim , telling Time Magazine he supports the Volcker rule .
Robert Weissman , president of the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen and an expert on financial market regulation , said implementing the Volcker rule is “ crucial for promoting stability in the system . ”
“ Conceptually , what the president is proposing with regard to the Volcker rule is the most important reform initiative on the financial front , ” he said in an interview with Raw Story .
“ If we do n’t deal with the problem of excessive size , there ’s every reason to think we ’re going to have a repeat of the crisis , ” he said .
“ These too - big - to - fail institutions have structural incentives to take excessive risks , and that ’s a huge problem . ”
The group Americans for Financial Reform concurred , highlighting “ ‘ Too Big to Fail ’ Policy ” in a post called “ Preventing the Next Financial Crisis and Bailout . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ [ R]egulatory policy should not only forbid [ bank ] bailouts and provide a means of resolving failed firms , but also minimize the likelihood of pressure to engage the bailouts , ” the group argued .
“ This largely means separating risky activities from safe activities and preventing firms from becoming too large or interconnected .
AFR promoted on its Web site Volcker ’s New York Times op - ed from Sunday that explained the provisions .
Banks , GOP vociferously opposed
ADVERTISEMENT
The details of the regulatory provisions are critical to their success , as the banking community fully intends to dodge them .
As one senior banker told the New York Times , “ They can go ahead and impose the [ Volcker ] rule on Friday , and I can assure you that by Monday , we ’ll find a way around it . ”
Another described it “ using more four - letter words in one sentence — as nouns and verbs — than I thought possible , ” reported Andrew Ross Sorkin .
ADVERTISEMENT
Avoiding that outcome requires the details of the restrictions to be iron - clad .
According to Weissman , that means defining proprietary trading in an encompassing way that involves breaking up big banks , as opposed to simply limiting their growth henceforth .
“ It does not seem that some of the details in what ’s being proposed measure up to what ’s necessary , ” Weissman told Raw Story .
But it remains to be seen whether Democrats in Congress , facing notable opposition from the Republicans , will crack down .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The political problem is that concentrations of enormous economic power give rise to concentrations of enormous political power , ” Weissman said .
“ That ’s what enabled Wall Street and the big banks to spend so wildly out of control and ultimately melt down . ”
Democrats are unlikely to unite their caucus , but are facing virtually unanimous opposition from Republicans , who have said the initiatives “ show contempt for capitalism and continue to destroy jobs . ”
Roll Call reported in December , while the House was debating its legislation , that Republicans “ met with more than 100 lobbyists … to try to fight back against financial regulatory overhaul legislation . ”
“ The too - big - to - fail issue is crucial for promoting stability in the system , better service for consumers and preventing the political capture of the policy - making process by Wall Street . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While the financial reform bill passed by the House in December contains the Volcker rule provisions , they face an uphill battle in the Senate .
Spanish matador Jose Tomas , one of the world ’s most famous and dramatic bullfighters , was severely gored by a half - ton bull in a Mexican arena and is in critical condition , doctors said Sunday .
Tomas is expected to survive after undergoing more than three hours of emergency surgery overnight following his injury Saturday afternoon .
“ There has been slight improvement , but he ’s still in grave condition , ” Dr. Geronimo Aguayo said in a statement released by Tomas ’ hospital in the central Mexican city of Aguascalientes .
The bull , named Navegante , gored Tomas in the groin and lifted him in the air before a horrified crowd during a corrida at the Monumental bullring in Aguascalientes .
The attack left a 6 - inch - long gash in Tomas ’ left thigh , severing the artery .
He lost a large amount of blood .
“ The danger of death has passed , but with these types of gorings , anything can happen , ” another of his doctors , Enrique Gonzalez Careaga , told reporters .
Tomas , 34 , who was the subject of a Times story in 2007 , has survived more than a dozen similar attacks , the first , in 1994 , at this very same venue .
Tomas hails from a small town near Madrid in the heart of Spain ’s bull - rearing ranchland , but much of his early career evolved in Mexico .
To aficionados , Tomas is a mesmerizing figure in the bullring , an artful and daring master of the ritual that is part of Spain ’s national patrimony and popular in many parts of Latin America .
He almost singlehandedly revived the spectacle in Spain , where it had been declining in audience for years until Tomas came out of an early retirement in 2007 .
He thrills spectators by seemingly putting himself in repeated danger , challenging the beast with calm command and precise choreography .
In Barcelona , Spain , where Tomas has been filling the bullring to capacity in recent seasons , the crowd on opening day of the 2010 circuit Sunday observed a minute of silence in Tomas ’ honor .
Assuming he recovers fully , it is not clear how long Tomas would be out of commission .
As he lay bleeding profusely Saturday in the Aguascalientes stadium , a call went out on loudspeakers pleading for urgent blood donations .
Scores of people rushed to donate .
wilkinson@latimes.com
Today , General Motors is announcing that it has made a payment of $ 5.8 billion to the U.S. Treasury and Export Development Canada .
We 're paying back — in full , with interest , years ahead of schedule — loans made to help fund the new GM .
Our ability to pay back these loans less than a year after emerging from bankruptcy is a sign that our plan for building a new GM is working .
It is also an important step toward eventually reducing the amount of equity the governments of the U.S. , Canada and Ontario hold in our company .
Combined , ...
The rugged Icelandic ponies are not used to being indoors Farmers in southern Iceland have been racing to protect their animals from being poisoned by volcanic dust .
The animals are at risk of fluoride poisoning if they inhale or ingest the ash , leading to internal bleeding , long - term bone damage and teeth loss .
Sheep , cattle and horses were rushed to shelter after they got lost in a fog of ash in areas near an erupting volcano .
Areas south of the Eyjafjallajoekull volcano have been caked in a layer of grey ash some 10 cm ( four inches ) thick .
Ponds have turned into pools of cement - like mud and geese have had trouble flying because their wings are heavy with ash , media reports say .
' Contaminated earth '
On Sunday , farmers banded together to drive around searching for hundreds of shaggy Icelandic horses , who panicked and got lost in a downpour of ash that turned day into night .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The risk is of fluoride poisoning if they breathe or eat too much , " Berglind Hilmarsdottir , a dairy farmer from Nupur , told the AP news agency through a protective white dust mask .
The fluoride in the ash creates acid in the animals ' stomachs , corroding the intestines and causing haemorrhages .
It also binds with calcium in the blood stream and after heavy exposure over a period of days makes bones frail , even causing teeth to crumble .
" The best we can do is put them in the barn , block all the windows , and bring them clean food and water as long as the earth is contaminated , " Ms Hilmarsdottir said .
Berglind Hilmarsdottir protects herself as she searches for her cattle
Sveinn Steinarsson , of Iceland 's Horse Breeding Association , warned that Iceland 's famously resilient ponies would be in danger if the ash contamination continued .
" In areas where there 's ash fall and horses are outside , the conditions are terrible , " Mr Steinarsson told the French news agency , AFP .
" They can't survive in this if it carries on too long .
The horses have to be fed with hay and have access to running water to avoid them consuming a lot of ash . "
Conditions on the ground immediately downstream of the volcano remained extremely difficult on Monday , said the BBC's Lorna Gordon in Iceland , and visibility was down to just a few metres .
Teams from the country 's civil defence department have been visiting the farmers to offer support and advice using specially modified vehicles and armoured personnel carriers , our correspondent said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
America is on the cusp of reviving its nuclear power industry .
Last month President Obama pledged more than $ 8 billion in conditional loan guarantees for what will be the first U.S. nuclear power plant to break ground in nearly three decades .
And with the new authority granted by the president 's 2011 budget request , the Department of Energy will be able to support between six and nine new reactors .
What does all of this mean for the country ?
This investment will provide enough clean energy to power more than six million American ...
Good morning and welcome to the Guardian 's live coverage of the Large Hadron Collider 's second launch
7.32 am : Eighteen months after the Large Hadron Collider suffered an enormous helium leak that shut the machine down , engineers are readying the machine for its first high energy collisions .
The LHC accelerates two counter - rotating beams of protons - the subatomic constituents of atomic nuclei - to within a whisker of the speed of light , before steering them into one another .
The head - on collisions release enough energy to mimic in microcosm the conditions that prevailed a fraction of a second after the big bang .
The first collisions are expected as early as 8 am this morning , but at Cern things can happen faster or slower than expected .
A tentative schedule of the day 's events is here .
Alas I am covering the events from London .
You can watch Cern 's streaming coverage here .
If you have work to do and can't sit around watching people chat about particle physics all morning , I 'll follow it for you .
The machine has already collided particles at a combined energy ( call it centre - of - mass energy ) of 2.36 trillion electron volts ( TeV ) .
One electron volt is the amount of energy the particle gains when accelerated across an electric field of 1 volt .
Slamming particles together at 2.36TeV in November showed the machine , and its four huge detectors , work well .
It also claimed the crown for the LHC as the most powerful collider in the world , by pipping the US Fermilab 's Tevatron collider near Chicago .
Today is bigger news .
Today the machine will go to half of its full energy , that is , colliding particles together with a total energy of 7TeV .
In case you are worried , the world will not end .
7.45 am : We 're expecting the first attempt at collisions at 8 am BST .
Cern has historically shut down its major colliders over Christmas for routine maintenance , but things will be different with the LHC .
The machine will run from today all the way through until the end of 2011 , or thereabouts .
7.49 am : The machine was loaded up with particles about 40 minutes ago .
The LHC has ramped up energy to 3.5TeV in each beam , but no collisions as yet .
7.54 am : The beam has just been lost .
Maybe a power unit tripped .
It takes thousands of components to work in unison for this to work .
It sounds as though there 's a problem with the cryogenics , that is keeping the superconducting magnets cool .
7.59 am : The Cern engineers are trying to fix a glitch in the LHC 's cryogenics .
You can't accelerate or steer the beams without the cryogenics working , because the superconducting magnets have to be ultra-chilled to work properly .
8.06 am : Speculative ( and often ludicrous ) doomsday scenarios have been kicked around since the early days of particle colliders .
People have wondered about making greedy black holes ; " abnormal matter " that 's more stable than regular matter ; magnetic monopoles that might cause proton decay and so on .
My favourite , or more precisely , the one that intrigues me most , is vacuum decay .
The universe seems to be in a pretty stable state .
There 's been time for stars and planets to form and for life to arise .
But what if the stable state of the universe was an illusion ?
It could be in a metastable state .
And a big kick of energy somewere , anywhere , could knock the universe down into a more stable state .
That 's vacuum decay .
What 's staggering about the possibility is that it does n't just mean curtains for us and all other life on Earth .
It means no more life ever , anywhere .
Here 's the late , great Sidney Coleman speculating on the prospect in , I think a 1980 / 81 paper :
" The possibility that we are living in a false vacuum has never been a cheering one to contemplate .
Vacuum decay is the ultimate ecological catastrophe ; in the new vacuum there are new constants of nature ; after vacuum decay , not only is life as we know it impossible , so is chemistry as we know it .
However , one could always draw stoic comfort from the possibility that perhaps in the course of time the new vacuum would sustain , if not life as we know it , at least some structures capable of knowing joy .
This possibility has now been eliminated . "
Sidney Coleman .
So , we 'd best get on and enjoy ourselves , eh ?
8.10 am : It 's worth bearing in mind that the LHC is the most complex machine that 's ever been built .
Nothing quite like it has been made before .
Last year 's explosion - that led to a tonne of helium bursting into the collider tunnel - was the kind of incident that people half expected .
An awful lot of things have to go right for it to work at all .
Losing the beams today is a minor glitch .
8.11 am : It could be two hours before they are in a position to collide particles .
Good thing they 've started early .
8.14 am : Ah judith .
I hope you 're joking .
I 've never heard anyone other than a physicist say " I 'm concerned about the cryogenics . "
Sounds like a line from an extra on Star Trek .
8.17 am : Holger Bech Nielsen must be smiling .
8.21 am : Steve Myers , head of accelerators at Cern , has just been speaking .
They 've had two goes , both of which have failed .
The first beams were lost at an energy of 2.2TeV when a power supply tripped .
They 've reset it and that part seems ok .
The second attempt failed due to a problem with the new magnet protection system .
This is interesting , because the protection system is very new .
It was added during the 18 month shut down to prevent another explosion like the one in September 2008 .
One of the magnets has quenched , which means it warmed up .
That will need to be cooled down again before they can go for collisions .
Collisions at 10 am earliest .
8.23 am : Britain pays £ 80 m a year in Cern subscriptions , the bulk of which goes on the LHC project .
8.27 am : What the LHC might find :
The Higgs boson ( thought to give mass to fundamental particles )
Supersymmetry ( which doubles the number of particle species in the universe )
Extra spatial dimensions ( they must be tiny if they 're there )
Miniature black holes ( and we 're talking pin-prick sized )
Dark matter particles
And plenty more .
I 'll say more about the above in a mo .
8.36 am : JerryTheDog : a good point re : what will 7TeV collisions mean if they achieve them today .
Bear in mind that the American Tevatron collider has been operating at nearly 2TeV for quite a while , though it is colliding protons and antiprotons .
For the LHC to see something soon ( and I mean within months ) , there would have to be a particle or an interaction that is sitting just above Tevatron 's reach and well within the LHC 's reach .
What are the chances ?
Who knows .
There are theories that predict a heavy Higgs boson , but the odds seem very slim .
Other theories suggest there could be supersyimmetric particles ( heavy twins of the particles we know and love ) that are within reach of the LHC .
More than likely though , it will take many months to find clear evidence of anything .
The reason is that new phenomena can easily be obscured by other well - known physics .
Slamming protons together is a messy business , because each proton is made of three quarks , which means you can have all kinds of subatomic detritus smothering signs of something knew .
My guess is that the Higgs boson wo n't be seen - by the LHC at least - before it closes down for major work in 2011 .
Finding supersymmetric particles , or extra dimensions though , would be staggering .
8.39 am : The LHC had beams running at 3.5TeV no problem last night .
I think the machine 's got stage fright this morning .
8.43 am : Phillipe Bloch , head of physics at Cern :
" We 've worked for almsot 20 years on this project ... We have a lot of work in front of us for many years , so we can wait for a few more minutes . "
8.46 am : Right now , Cern staff are cooling part of the machine in preparation of injecting particles again .
Once the particles are in , the energy will be ramped up to 3.5TeV .
The ramp up usually takes about 45 mins .
Then they have to make sure the beams are stable , that is circulating happily without wandering off axis or fading .
Only then will they go for collisions .
8.48 am : The protons hurtle around the machine in bunches .
When the beams are crossed , some of these bunches smash into oncoming bunches , and some protons will hit others .
You can get glancing blows , where protons simply deflect off each other .
A direct collision will split the protons into their constituent quarks and gluons .
The energy released on impact can condense into entirely new particles , so you see quarks , electrons and their heavier cousins , muons , all flinging out from the collision centre .
8.54 am : The glitch with the cryogenics system seems to have come from electrical noise that hit a few sectors of the LHC and then vanished .
Spooky , or not .
Since you ask , Cern 's previous machine , the Large Electron Positron collider , had teething troubles too .
Weird signals came and went .
They realised , eventually , that the machine was reacting to Earth tides : the pull of the moon on the Earth 's crust was making the land around the collider heave up and down , causing a 1 mm change in the circumference of the 27 km collider ring .
And that was n't the end of it .
More stray signals plagued the machine that seemed to come and go with even more regularity than the moon signals .
Turned out that stray currents from the French TGV train at Geneva station were passing through the ground and getting into the collider , causing slight changes in the beam orbit .
Once that had been cleared up , they found yet more signals that were traced back to the water level of Lake Geneva .
These are big machines , but they are amazingly sensitive .
8.59 am : Some pics from this morning 's events so far ...
9.08 am : We 've just heard from Andrzej Siemko , the man in charge of the quench protection system at Cern 's LHC .
The system is there to alert operators to problems with the magnets , and to shut the machine down if it looks like a magnet is in danger of being damaged .
It 's really sensitive .
The system picked up an electrical anomaly from two sectors of the machine and flagged a warning to operators .
What 's interesting - and it's good news I think - is that the problem it identified did not come from one of the LHC 's 8,000 superconducting magnets .
It picked up a load of electrical noise that was later spotted at other accelerators at Cern ( the LHC is just the biggest and shiniest ) .
Sounds like a glitch with the Cern power supply rather than a problem with the LHC itself .
That said , if it 's a generator problem , or a substation problem , it could be an annoyance .
9.09 am : Friskydiscus says : " When ( if ) they do manage to collide any particles can you mark it with a big bold Goooooooal !!!!!!! "
But of course .
It would be my pleasure .
9.13am : BristolBoy asks : " How long did it take them to discover that noise was coming from passing TGVs "
I 'm afraid I can't remember quite how long it took to uncover .
I do n't think it was too long , because so many Cern staff pass through Geneva train station and they recognised the times when the anomalous signals were appearing .
The fact that the signals came and went like clockwork Mon -Fri , and then at different times at the weekend helped .
I wonder if anyone would have noticed if the collider was in the UK .
Our trains seem to come and go as they please .
9.20 am : Craignewzealand asks about the similarity between LHC collisions and those in the cosmos .
I think it 's a fair question to ask , but it's one that gets short shrift from many particle physicists .
Very quickly , the argument is that higher energy collisions have been going on for billions of years somewhere in the universe , and there 's been no catastrophe yet .
That we know of .
In space , particles can have head on collisions , though a speeding particle slamming into stationary ion / surface is more likely .
John Marburger , President Bush 's former science adviser , told me these fears were like going for a swim in Scotland and worrying about being eaten by the Loch Ness monster .
Theory does n't rule out the Loch Ness monster , not absolutely anyway .
No one has ( really ) ever seen it .
And if it is there , we do n't know if it likes the taste of people .
I would go on , but I 'm probably boring people !
9.23 am : Fresh beams expected in just under one hour .
9.27 am : WendyZu , Apolloman :
Not much to add re : the picture except that the yellow curved tracks are charged particles that are kicked out of the collisions and bent by the detector 's magnetic field .
Some of the other markings are due to the calorimeter in the detector being triggered - they give a measure of the amount of energy carried by the particles produced .
This shot is taken looking down the beampipe or collision axis .
9.29 am : In case you 've ever wondered what the Cern scientists have been up to since the LHC switched on at low energy in November ...
9.33 am : I 've been trying to think what this all reminds me of and I 've got it .
Sitting at Kennedy Space Centre waiting for the shuttle to launch .
I 've been three times and seen zero launches .
Each time , the weather closed in or there was a technical glitch of some sort .
The whole process is so complex and the price of beign careless and going ahead too early is so high , that everything moves at a ( sensibly ) cautious pace .
Cern can't afford another huge accident like the one that shut this machine down for 18 months in September 2008 .
These guys have the patience of saints .
9.41 am : So .
The machine is still being cooled down so that it can take another filling of protons .
These are injected as beams with an energy of 450 billion electron volts .
Once those are whizzing around in the machine , the accelerator fields will ramp up , steadily spinning the particles up to 3.5 trillion electron volts per beam .
In case you find this frustrating :
In the final year of operation of Cern 's last collider , the Large Electron Positron Collider , the machine was being pushed so hard , it tripped out roughly every 15 minutes .
That is , it would run for 15 mins , then break down .
The beams then had to be filled again , stabilised , and then steered into collisions again .
No one said particle physics was easy ...
9.48 am : Lemon3 : I refer you to the priceless exchange between Robert Wilson , former director of Fermilab , and Senator John Pastore , during a Congressional hearing over the value of building a new particle accelerator .
Pastore is sure there must be something about the machine that can be steered towards a defence app :
Pastore :
Is there anything connected with the hopes of this accelerator that in any way involves the security of this country ?
Robert Wilson :
No sir , I do n't belive so .
Pastore : Nothing at all ?
Wilson : Nothing at all .
Pastore :
It has no value in that respect ?
Wilson :
It has only to do with the respect with which we regard one another , the dignity of men , our love of culture .
It has to do with , are we good painters , good sculptors , great poets ?
I mean , all the things we really venerate and honor in our country and are patriotic about .
It has nothing to do directly with defending our country except perhaps to make it worth defending .
9.53 am : Wilson is a tad pretentious in that exchange , I 'd say .
The real question : why do particle physics is a fair one .
To learn about the universe and its make - up is enough for me to chip in my tax quids .
bear in mind that 25 % of the mass of the universe is dark , that we do n't know what it is .
Plenty more is not understood at all .
The history of physics is littered with experts claiming the end of physics is nigh ; that we are on the brink of knowing everything .
It 's no more true today than it was in Lord Kelvin 's day .
Beams back in 20 mins .
SirTachyon : I do hope so !
9.55 am : ieclark : Forgive me , I 'm an enthusiast .
This thing costs the UK more than a million quid a week , I like to know how it 's getting on !
9.59 am : harmonyfuture :
It depends if Hawking radiation works as advertised .
Bear in mind you need an awful lot of matter to make a dangerous blackhole , and bunches of protons just are n't enough to do that .
If you get teensy ones , and it's a huge if , they 'll be fabulously hot and are expected to radiate themselves out of existence in the blink of an eye .
10.02 am : Jacktatum :
There 's a proper science journalist covering this ?
Where ?!
The machine uses magnetic fields to steer the beams into head - on collisions at four points around the accelerator ring .
Well , it 's not a ring as such , but it 's almost circular .
The beams are crossed inside the four detectors : Atlas , CMS , LHCb and Alice .
10.08 am : SirTachyon : I 'm not at all sure how you 'd go about looking for a tachyon .
The buggers move faster than the speed of light , so I for one wo n't be able to catch one .
You might get some joy here .
10.10 am : New analysis shows that the glitch that 's holding things up was due to magnetic coupling of the main circuits in super proton synchrotron ( the injecting accelerator ) and the LHC , not electrical noise .
Or is it the Higgs particle wooing its way back in time and jinxing the machine .
Again .
10.17 am : New bunch of protons has just been injected .
Where do they get all the protons from ?
Tis easy .
Get a big can of hydrogen , put an electrical voltage across it , strip off the electrons and ditch them .
Eeach hydrogen atom has one proton for a nucleus , and one electron orbiting it .
Once you 've got rid of the electrons , you have positively charged protons , which you can steer and accelerate with fields .
10.21 am : ieclark :
It 's a fair point .
I was at Cern for " big bang day " in 2008 .
It was overdone by the media I think .
Especially for poor listeners of the R4 Today programme who were treated to an audio explanation of a dot appearing on a screen .
I have n't been asked to live blog this for the Guardian .
I just wanted to .
It 's the biggest experiment in physics in a generation .
It might well go badly wrong .
I wo n't live blog every minute , but since I 'm going to be watching the coverage anyway , I thought I might write about it while I 'm at it .
I do take your point about media overkill though .
What does everyone else think ?
10.26 am : Gregmcdougall asks : " What would the effect on living tissue ( other than the assumed cold ) of these high - energy beams be ? "
A good question .
In the mid-70s , a Russian physicist called Anatoli Bugorski was checking a faulty accelerator when the proton beam came on and hit his head .
He says he saw a bright flash " brighter than a thousand suns " .
His face swelled up and skin started falling off .
He lost some hearing but otherwise his brain remained in quite decent shape .
He could still function , but got tired quickly .
It was a crazy accident to have happened .
10.27 am : Proton beams are circulating .
Now they have to be ramped up to high energy .
You go slow and steady at this stage .
If you go too fast and a power unit trips out , you basically slide back down that ladder and have to start all over again .
10.35 am : SirTachyon : Bear in mind that around a billion protons will be colliding every second when the LHC is up and running .
The detectors will look for different things , but there is plenty of overlap too .
You can hunt for known particle decays - so the Higgs might decay into quarks of certain energies .
But , so many other things can do that too , that you have to record a huge number of collisions before you can be sure you 're seeing something on top of what you 'd expect without a Higgs existing .
This is n't the kind of experiment that gives you an answer within hours or days or even weeks .
You collect data and watch the statistics of different collisions .
If a certain decay process happens more than is predicted , then it could be something new being created .
The particles that are created are all unstable - otherwise we'd be finding them down the back of our sofas all the time .
So unstable particles decay soon after being created , into other more stable particles that are picked up by the detectors .
You then collect these debris particles , measure their masses and energies , and work backwards to see what could have decayed into them .
Apologies for rushing this - I 'll do a proper explainer some time if there 's interest .
10.45 am : Lyn Evans , head of the LHC , speaking .
They 're going for ramping up in 1 minute .
More to come from the DG Rolf Heuer .
10.50 am : jacktatum : A good point - there is indeed stable dark matter .
There could well be a whole family of dark particles , some stable , others not so .
All of the particles we know of are the ones that either make us up , or interact with the ones that make us up .
A guy called James Wells at Cern speaks well on this - and talks about particle physics being to anthropocentric .
There is no reason why we should have a privileged view of the universe ; that we should be able to see all , or even the majority of particles and forces at work in the universe .
We might be privvy to a minority reality .
It 's all fun stuff .
10.58 am : Someone asked :
What if the LHC does n't find anything .
Frankly , it'd be a disaster .
But .
The LHC absolutely should find something .
Somewhere in the energy range it covers ( up to 14TeV ) there must be something that explains something called electroweak symmetry breaking .
This is the process that separated the electromagnetic force ( which allows us to see ) from the weak force ( that plays a role in sunshine production ) a picosecond after the big bang .
The process is thought to have been caused by the Higgs field , which in breaking the electroweak symmetry , gives mass to certain bosons ( force carrying particles ) and also the quarks and electrons that make up normal matter .
Finding the Higgs boson ( which could weigh the equivalent of 115 - 140 billion electron volts ) will suggest that Higgs 's ideas about the origin of mass are correct .
But still .
What if it finds nothing ?
That really would be a disaster for particle physics .
Because I can't see governments readily funding another collider ( for example , a giant linear collider ) if existing theories have not been pruned back to reveal some promising avenues of discovery .
Someone else asked about the giant size of these machines .
I could n't agree more .
They are the most high - tech things we have , yet still seem a bit Space 1999 .
This machine , if you pulled it up from the ground and stood it up , would reach 5 miles into the sky .
Whatever happened to miniaturisation " ?
Progress is at hand .
Physicists are working on ways of accelerating particles to huge energies over short distances .
One technique , uses " plasma wake fields " to get particles " surfing " along a plasma wave at incredible speeds .
It 'll be a while before a collider built on this technology is built though .
11.02 am : CuriousJohn : How would we recognise evil incarnate against LHC backgrounds ?
An aside . : when I was a student I asked Martin Bell ( he of the white suit ) if he believed in true evil .
Turns out he does ( or did back then ) .
Like it 's an entity .
One for the philosophers I suspect .
Back to reality :
Ramping up of the beams is going on now .
They expect to be at top energy , 3.5TeV , in 25 mins .
The energy right now is 950GeV ( billion electron volts ) .
They began from 450 GeV .
11.07 am : jacktatum : there are Higgsless theories , for sure .
Some break electroweak symmetry using extra dimensions .
Quick thing on electroweak symmetry breaking .
Before it 's broken , there are four bosons that are all massless and carry the electroweak force .
They are the photon , W+ , W - and Z bosons .
After symmetry breaking , the Ws and Z become massive but the photon remains massless .
That separates the two , because the photon , being massless , can still act over infinite distance .
Because the W & Z get so heavy , they make sure the weak force can only act over a tiny distance .
It 's so short range , it basically acts only on contact .
11.10 am : tinylittlebear : Indeed .
But on Friday I was speaking to woman who recently left Cern to work on particle beams for cancer treatment in Oxford .
Charged particles dump their energy in tissue at a defined point , so by being tricksy , you can fire particles at a tumour and get them to dump their energy ( heat ) into the tumour and frazzle it .
So what nearly did for Bugorski is a life extender ( I 'm not sure life saving is possible ) for loads of people .
Another example of how pushing tech and science with projects like the LHC lead to full on benefits for broader society .
11.15 am : Emptycan :
For the larger part , the British scientists at Cern seem to have faired quite well , but others , such as the nuclear physicists , are in very real trouble .
Across the board cuts are probably coming to science .
Lord Drayson still talks of a budget ringfence for science , but universities are cutting PhD studentships already .
The Chancellor announced £ 600 m of cuts to higher education and research budgets last year .
We have to wait for the CSR to know for sure , but it does not look good , and probably wo n't be good whoever gets in .
The Tory science spokesman has talked of science cuts being inevitable .
I suspect the US and Singapore are looking very attractive to young , mobile British scientists right now .
11.16 am : Beam at 2TeV .
Cern DG just calling in to the lab .
11.20 am : Cern DG , Rolf Heuer :
" I 'm physically in Japan , but mentally in Geneva .
I 'm more nervous here than I would be in Geneva . "
Oh dear .
Journalist asking Cern's DG where his superfast Dan Brown jet is .
What a numpty .
11.22 am : CuriousJohn :
Thanks for that - be great if you can shed more light on the situation over there .
11.28 am : Hilarious .
A Cern physicist has just been talking about creating black holes .
He worked out that to make a black hole , you need to compress 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 protons into the space of a billionth of a millionth of a millimetre .
That number of protons would make up three times the population of Geneva .
Apparently .
This from Brian Cox on Twitter :
" If anyone else says " black hole " today I 'm going to come round and chin em " .
11.32 am : Proton beams are now circulating at 3TeV .
The goal is 3.5TeV .
Edging ever closer .
11.37 am : EurObeideZakani : manipulating the Higgs field is n't going to happen any time soon .
You 'd need to heat your part of the universe above 10,000,000,000,000,000 degrees to influence it .
Which is n't really on .
A bit dangerous too .
If you change the Higgs field , you 'll alter the size of atoms ( though not their mass very much ) , and destablise normal matter .
That 's not a good thing to do .
We have 3.5TeV beams now .
Collisions coming when they 're stable .
11.40 am : SirTachyon : The LHC has a lot of different Twitter feeds .
Try searching under LHC or Cern hashtags .
Fabulously , my keyboard does n't have a hash key .
11.42 am : I do hope there 's a big red button marked : " Collide " .
Expecting collisions in 10 - 15 mins .
11.43 am : Watch the first collisions here for max applauding potential ...
11.44am : After everything the Ghostbusters told us about not crossing beams ...
11.45 am : The beams are being adjusted in preparation for colliding them .
11.47am : In case you fancy going down the bookies - some odds on the creation of anything new and exciting .
11.55 am : Operators are stabilising the beams in preparation for collisions .
All looking good .
But I 've said that before .
11.58 am : Beams are separated for now by magnetic fields .
You take those away gently until they 're not there , then .... collision time .
11.59 am : Beams aligned and ready for collision .
Nearly .
12.05 pm : Gooooaaalllll !
We have collisions .
The detectors are not yet fully on and taking data , but particles are colliding .
12.07 pm : Fabiola Gianotti , head of the Atlas team :
" We got something like 40 events per second , which is the expected rate .
" It 's the beginning of a new era of physica exploration . "
12.08 pm : We 'll have pics of the highest energy manmade collisions as soon as we can get them .
12.12 pm : I 'll be hanging around for a little while to grab some pics and make sure everyone gets home safely , or whatever the we - just - started - up - the - world 's - largest - collider equivalent is .
Thanks to everyone who joined me this morning , it was great to have you along for the ride .
Collision event at 7 TeV Photograph : CERN Geneva
12.56 pm : The Atlas detector has just released its first images .
Do n't ask me to interpret them just yet !
2 - Jet event at 2.36 TeV Photograph : CERN Geneva
And a second picture from Atlas :
Cern Atlas Photograph : CERN Geneva
And finally :
STRATEGY +
STORY +
SCALE
Think Jam is a leading creative marketing agency that works with brands , studios and networks to create premium content & global campaigns that build , engage and entertain audiences .
For over 15 years ,
Think Jam has worked with the world ’s leading storytellers to ensure no fan is left behind and no story is left untold .
I can forgive novices for writing clunky Perl code because they 're following the example of far too many books and tutorials .
If you date the Perl Renaissance to the year 2000 ( as I do ) , then you can identify code written before that point and code written after that point .
If modern Perl is safer or easier or clearer or simpler or cleaner to write than legacy Perl , then it should be possible to explain how and why to use modern features in lieu of older features .
For example ....
Three - argument open ( )
There are two forms of the open ( ) function in Perl 5 .
The modern version takes three arguments : the filehandle to open or vivify , the mode of the filehandle , and the name of the file .
The legacy version has two arguments , only the filehandle and the name of the file .
The mode of the file comes from the filename ; if the filename starts ( or ends ) with any of several special characters , open ( ) parses them off and uses them .
If you accidentally use a filename with those special characters with the two - arg form of open ( ) , your code will not behave as you expect .
This is especially a problem if you 're not careful about sanitizing user input , and if any user input ever becomes part of a filename .
Consider :
open my $ fh , " > $ filename " # INSECURE CODE ; do not use or die " Ca n't write to ' $ filename ' : $!
" ;
While this code appears to open $ filename for writing , an insecure $ filename could start with > to force appending mode , or - to open STDOUT ( though I suspect you have to work really hard to force this ) .
Likewise , code without any explicit mode in the second and final parameter is susceptible to any special mode characters .
Extracting file modes into a separate parameter to this function prevents
Perl from parsing the filename at all and removes the possibility for this unintentional behavior .
As Damian Conway has mentioned , using a separate file mode parameter also makes the intention of the code clearer :
open my $ fh , ' > ' , $ filename # safer and clearer or die " Ca n't write to ' $ filename ' : $!
" ;
The modern version of this code is safer and clearer , and it 's been available since Perl 5.6.0 , released on 22 March 2000 .
There 's no reason not to use the modern version .
( If you need your code to run on Perl 5.005 , try a core module such as IO :: Handle .
If you need your code to run on older versions of Perl 5 , you have my sympathy . )
Free weed to get Dutch people voting
Dutch coffeeshops in Maastricht will offer free weed for regular customers when they vote for the parliamentary elections on June 9 , said President Marc Josemans of the Maastricht coffeeshop owners .
“ We hope free weed will motivate our customers to vote because most cannabis users are very lazy when it comes to voting , ” said José Mans .
He stressed that the action is symbolic .
“ We can not verify that they really are going to vote . ”
The Maastricht coffeeshops do n’t believe the announced closing by coffee shops in other cities will reach any thing .
“ We do not believe that will force people to vote .
Photo by andrijbulba
Advertisements
On MSNBC ’s Morning Joe today , Republican Joe Scarborough put the new Arizona immigration law into context by talking about the totalitarian nature of this law .
He said , “ For every 10 illegal immigrants that they catch and send back home , what about that one American citizen who is a Hispanic who now every time that he goes to the grocery store has to be worried that he is going to be stopped … ”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Scarborough said , “ You know the thing is there are so many politicians who have looked the other way while illegal immigrants have flooded into this country , and it has become a great crisis in this country , but the idea that police officers can stop anybody and ask for papers to see who they are seems really frightening to me …
Why do n’t you check illegal immigrants at the place where it matters ?
Why do n’t you check at work , because right now it ’s pretty obvious where illegal immigrants are , but to stop people on the streets where they are n’t committing a crime , again this seems to be a great overreach . ”
He later added , “ And I ’ve got to say , For every 10 illegal immigrants that they catch and send back home , what about that one American citizen who is a Hispanic who now every time that he goes to the grocery store has to be worried that he is going to be stopped by a police office because he is driving while being a person of color …and again , I was against the McCain / Kennedy bill , I called it amnesty because guess what it was amnesty .
Anytime you tell 13 million people come to America , you broke the law , and we ’re going to let you in , but to go the other direction , and say we ’re going to stop all Americans who are Hispanic , that ’s offensive .
That is offensive . ”
This law should be offensive to anyone who cares about personal liberty and freedom , no matter what color your skin color might be .
The idea that this police can stop anyone of a certain race and demand papers is textbook totalitarian behavior .
Scarborough is the first Republican that I have heard address the discrimination that American Hispanics are now going to be subjected to under this new law .
The hypocrisy is that many of the same conservatives who protest for a smaller less involved government are in favor of this ultimate Big Brother behavior .
If you are a liberal who abhors discrimination , stand up .
If you are a conservative who believes in smaller government with less involvement in your daily lives then you should be appalled by this law , because if it is allowed to stand , then legalized discrimination has a precedent .
What is to stop a future a future local , state , or federal government from deciding that those who criticize the ruling party are also a threat and must carry papers ?
Anyone who thinks that this is simply a problem for Arizona Hispanics is being naïve .
The Arizona law is too broad , and it represents an assault on the liberties of legal Hispanic American citizens .
It is for this reason that this law must be protested , challenged , and struck down .
4 tough questions for Goldman Sachs
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Goldman Sachs ' moment of public flogging is here .
On Tuesday , top representatives from Wall Street 's most powerful firm will appear on Capitol Hill , where they are expected to endure a harsh line of questioning from lawmakers about their role in helping bring about the financial crisis .
Much of the focus however will likely center on the complicated mortgage investment Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) sold that is now the subject of a civil fraud suit brought against the firm earlier this month by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Seven current and former Goldman Sachs executives are slated to appear at Tuesday 's hearing .
Among them will be the company 's current CEO Lloyd Blankfein , its chief financial officer David Viniar , as well as Fabrice Tourre , the 31 - year - old Goldman employee who helped broker the now infamous deal that is at the center of the SEC 's claim .
Lawmakers will probably show little mercy towards that trio .
Here 's a glimpse of what types of tough questions they could face .
Is this the work of a single employee ?
Goldman has quickly distanced itself from Tourre , placing the London - based employee on indefinite paid leave last week and stripping him of some of his credentials with British regulators .
And while the firm has not explicitly blamed Tourre , representatives from the company have suggested it " would never condone " such an act by an individual employee .
Tuesday will mark the first time that Tourre will speak publicly on the matter , although he may be pretty tight - lipped given that the deal in question is the subject of ongoing litigation .
Senior Goldman executives might also avoid saying too much for that reason .
Still , any silence on the matter could also raise questions about what kind of oversight Goldman was exercising over its employees and just how much it is serving the interest of its clients .
How should Goldman and other banks be regulated to ensure these conflicts of interest are not hurting investors ?
At its heart , the SEC 's suit against Goldman is about the simple issue of disclosure and whether the company was transparent enough with investors in the deal .
But it also raises the subject of conflicting interests , an issue that has long troubled the investment community , said Adam Pritchard , a securities law professor at the University of Michigan .
Did Goldman serve both of its clients effectively by acting as a so - called " market maker " in the deal , partnering buyers and sellers ?
Should it even have occupied that role in the first place ?
Taking that line of business away from Goldman however would likely mean a lot of lost revenue and profit for Goldman and its big banking peers .
" I 'm actually interested to know if Blankfein has an idea whether anything else can be done , " said Pritchard .
You 've spent a big chunk of money on lobbying efforts this year .
What are you trying to accomplish ?
For Wall Street firms like Goldman , keeping their business model intact has been paramount .
That has meant beating down legislative proposals like the Volcker Rule , which would restrict financial firms from operating hedge funds or undertaking leveraged buyout deals - two businesses that Goldman currently engages in .
Congress has also wanted greater transparency into the world of derivatives , requiring banks to put them onto clearinghouses and exchanges , as well as posting collateral .
There are already fears that such rules could crimp profits at firms like Goldman by driving investors into the arms of overseas competitors that would n't be bound by such restrictions .
The slogan on your Web site is ' Our work enables growth . '
How does a company that generates much of its business from trading help the economy grow ?
As much as Blankfein may try , chances are he 'll find it pretty tough to answer this one .
Last week , the company reported a first - quarter profit of $ 3.5 billion that shattered analysts ' expectations , due in large part to a surge in trading activity .
Of course , rivals like JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and even Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) enjoyed a similar bounce in the latest quarter .
But unlike those firms , Goldman does zero lending to American consumers and small businesses .
Indeed , it may help companies merge , issue stock or occasionally do " God 's work " , but Goldman may find it tough to defend its role in the economic recovery .
An international team of Oregon State University scientists , documentary filmmakers and environmental advocates has uncovered an apparent illegal trade in whalemeat , linking whales killed in Japan 's controversial scientific whaling program to sushi restaurants in Seoul , South Korea , and Los Angeles , Calif .
Genetic analysis of sashimi served at a prominent Los Angeles sushi restaurant in October of 2009 has confirmed that the strips of raw meat purchased by filmmakers of the Oscar - winning documentary , " The Cove , " came from a sei whale -- most likely from Japanese " scientific whaling . "
" The sequences were identical to sei whale products that had previously been purchased in Japan in 2007 and 2008 , which means they not only came from the same area of the ocean -- but possibly from the same distinct population , " said Scott Baker , associate director of the Marine Mammal Institute at Oregon State University , who conducted the analysis .
" And since the international moratorium on commercial hunting ( 1986 ) , there has been no other known source of sei whales available commercially other than in Japan , " Baker added .
" This underscores the very real problem of the illegal international trade of whalemeat products . "
Results of the study were published in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters .
" The Cove " director Louie Psihoyos and assistant director Charles Hambleton gained the attention of international news media recently by covertly filming the serving of whale products at The Hump restaurant .
Following initial identification of the samples taken from the restaurant , the products were turned over to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's law enforcement division and in March , federal prosecutors filed a criminal complaint against the restaurant , which since has closed .
advertisement
Baker said the samples taken from The Hump cannot conclusively be linked to an individual whale because genetic identity records of animals killed through Japan 's scientific whaling are not released by the Japanese government .
In their paper in Biology Letters , Baker and 10 co-authors -- including " The Cove " filmmakers -- call for Japan to share its DNA register of whales taken from that country 's scientific whaling program and " bycatch " whaling .
" Our ability to use genetics as a tool to monitor whale populations around the world has advanced significantly over the past few years , " Baker said , " but unless we have access to all of the data -- including those whales killed under Japan 's scientific whaling -- we cannot provide resource managers with the best possible science .
" This is not just about better control of whaling itself , " Baker added , " but getting a better handle on the international trade of whale products . "
In their paper published in Biology Letters , lead author Baker and colleagues from the Korean Federation of Environmental Movements also report on 13 whale products purchased at a sushi restaurant in Seoul , South Korea , during two 2009 visits .
The sushi was part of a mixed plate of " whale sashimi , " and genetic testing by Baker and OSU 's Debbie Steel determined that four of the products were from an Antarctic minke whale , four were from a sei whale , three were from a North Pacific minke whale , one was from a fin whale , and one was from a Risso 's dolphin .
Further testing by collaborators from Seoul National University confirmed the individual identity of the whale products by DNA " profiling . "
The DNA profile of the fin whale meat from the Seoul restaurant genetically matched products purchased by Baker 's colleague , Naoko Funahashi , in Japanese markets in 2007 -- strongly suggesting it came from the same whale .
advertisement
" Since the international moratorium , it has been assumed that there is no international trade in whale products , " Baker said .
" But when products from the same whale are sold in Japan in 2007 and in Korea in 2009 , it suggests that international trade , though illegal , is still an issue .
Likewise , the Antarctic minke whale is not found in Korean waters , but it is hunted by Japan 's controversial scientific whaling program in the Antarctic .
" How did it show up in a restaurant in Seoul ? "
Baker has developed an international reputation for his research in determining the origin of whalemeat products sold in markets around the world .
His research on identification of dolphin meat contaminated with high levels of mercury was featured in " The Cove , " where he worked with Psihoyos and Hambleton .
In their paper , the authors describe the long legacy of falsifying whale catch records , beginning with the Soviet Union , which failed to account for more than 100,000 whales it killed in the 20th century .
This illegal , unreported or unregulated whaling " continues today under the cover of incidental fisheries bycatch and scientific whaling . "
A Middle East Peace That Could Happen ( But Won’t )
In Washington - Speak , “ Palestinian State ” Means “ Fried Chicken ”
Noam Chomsky
TomDispatch.com , April 27 , 2010
The fact that the Israel - Palestine conflict grinds on without resolution might appear to be rather strange .
For many of the world ’s conflicts , it is difficult even to conjure up a feasible settlement .
In this case , it is not only possible , but there is near universal agreement on its basic contours : a two - state settlement along the internationally recognized ( pre-June 1967 ) borders — with “ minor and mutual modifications , ” to adopt official U.S. terminology before Washington departed from the international community in the mid-1970s .
The basic principles have been accepted by virtually the entire world , including the Arab states ( who go on to call for full normalization of relations ) , the Organization of Islamic States ( including Iran ) , and relevant non-state actors ( including Hamas ) .
A settlement along these lines was first proposed at the U.N. Security Council in January 1976 by the major Arab states .
Israel refused to attend the session .
The U.S. vetoed the resolution , and did so again in 1980 .
The record at the General Assembly since is similar .
There was one important and revealing break in U.S. - Israeli rejectionism .
After the failed Camp David agreements in 2000 , President Clinton recognized that the terms he and Israel had proposed were unacceptable to any Palestinians .
That December , he proposed his “ parameters ” : imprecise , but more forthcoming .
He then stated that both sides had accepted the parameters , while expressing reservations .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators met in Taba , Egypt , in January 2001 to resolve the differences and were making considerable progress .
In their final press conference , they reported that , with a little more time , they could probably have reached full agreement .
Israel called off the negotiations prematurely , however , and official progress then terminated , though informal discussions at a high level continued leading to the Geneva Accord , rejected by Israel and ignored by the U.S .
A good deal has happened since , but a settlement along those lines is still not out of reach — if , of course , Washington is once again willing to accept it .
Unfortunately , there is little sign of that .
Substantial mythology has been created about the entire record , but the basic facts are clear enough and quite well documented .
The U.S. and Israel have been acting in tandem to extend and deepen the occupation .
In 2005 , recognizing that it was pointless to subsidize a few thousand Israeli settlers in Gaza , who were appropriating substantial resources and protected by a large part of the Israeli army , the government of Ariel Sharon decided to move them to the much more valuable West Bank and Golan Heights .
Instead of carrying out the operation straightforwardly , as would have been easy enough , the government decided to stage a “ national trauma , ” which virtually duplicated the farce accompanying the withdrawal from the Sinai desert after the Camp David agreements of 1978 - 79 .
In each case , the withdrawal permitted the cry of “ Never Again , ” which meant in practice : we cannot abandon an inch of the Palestinian territories that we want to take in violation of international law .
This farce played very well in the West , though it was ridiculed by more astute Israeli commentators , among them that country ’s prominent sociologist the late Baruch Kimmerling .
After its formal withdrawal from the Gaza Strip , Israel never actually relinquished its total control over the territory , often described realistically as “ the world ’s largest prison . ”
In January 2006 , a few months after the withdrawal , Palestine had an election that was recognized as free and fair by international observers .
Palestinians , however , voted “ the wrong way , ” electing Hamas .
Instantly , the U.S. and Israel intensified their assault against Gazans as punishment for this misdeed .
The facts and the reasoning were not concealed ; rather , they were openly published alongside reverential commentary on Washington ’s sincere dedication to democracy .
The U.S. - backed Israeli assault against the Gazans has only been intensified since , thanks to violence and economic strangulation , increasingly savage .
Meanwhile in the West Bank , always with firm U.S. backing , Israel has been carrying forward longstanding programs to take the valuable land and resources of the Palestinians and leave them in unviable cantons , mostly out of sight .
Israeli commentators frankly refer to these goals as “ neocolonial . ”
Ariel Sharon , the main architect of the settlement programs , called these cantons “ Bantustans , ” though the term is misleading : South Africa needed the majority black work force , while Israel would be happy if the Palestinians disappeared , and its policies are directed to that end .
Blockading Gaza by Land and Sea
One step towards cantonization and the undermining of hopes for Palestinian national survival is the separation of Gaza from the West Bank .
These hopes have been almost entirely consigned to oblivion , an atrocity to which we should not contribute by tacit consent .
Israeli journalist Amira Hass , one of the leading specialists on Gaza , writes that
“ the restrictions on Palestinian movement that Israel introduced in January 1991 reversed a process that had been initiated in June 1967 .
Back then , and for the first time since 1948 , a large portion of the Palestinian people again lived in the open territory of a single country — to be sure , one that was occupied , but was nevertheless whole . …
The total separation of the Gaza Strip from the West Bank is one of the greatest achievements of Israeli politics , whose overarching objective is to prevent a solution based on international decisions and understandings and instead dictate an arrangement based on Israel ’s military superiority . …
“ Since January 1991 , Israel has bureaucratically and logistically merely perfected the split and the separation : not only between Palestinians in the occupied territories and their brothers in Israel , but also between the Palestinian residents of Jerusalem and those in the rest of the territories and between Gazans and West Bankers / Jerusalemites .
Jews live in this same piece of land within a superior and separate system of privileges , laws , services , physical infrastructure and freedom of movement . ”
The leading academic specialist on Gaza , Harvard scholar Sara Roy , adds :
“ Gaza is an example of a society that has been deliberately reduced to a state of abject destitution , its once productive population transformed into one of aid - dependent paupers .
…
Gaza ’s subjection began long before Israel ’s recent war against it [ December 2008 ] .
The Israeli occupation Ñ now largely forgotten or denied by the international community Ñ has devastated Gaza ’s economy and people , especially since 2006 … .
After Israel ’s December [ 2008 ] assault , Gaza ’s already compromised conditions have become virtually unlivable .
Livelihoods , homes , and public infrastructure have been damaged or destroyed on a scale that even the Israel Defense Forces admitted was indefensible .
“ In Gaza today , there is no private sector to speak of and no industry .
80 percent of Gaza ’s agricultural crops were destroyed and Israel continues to snipe at farmers attempting to plant and tend fields near the well - fenced and patrolled border .
Most productive activity has been extinguished .
…
Today , 96 percent of Gaza ’s population of 1.4 million is dependent on humanitarian aid for basic needs .
According to the World Food Programme , the Gaza Strip requires a minimum of 400 trucks of food every day just to meet the basic nutritional needs of the population .
Yet , despite a March [ 22 , 2009 ] decision by the Israeli cabinet to lift all restrictions on foodstuffs entering Gaza , only 653 trucks of food and other supplies were allowed entry during the week of May 10 , at best meeting 23 percent of required need .
Israel now allows only 30 to 40 commercial items to enter Gaza compared to 4,000 approved products prior to June 2006 . ”
It can not be too often stressed that Israel had no credible pretext for its 2008Ð9 attack on Gaza , with full U.S. support and illegally using U.S. weapons .
Near - universal opinion asserts the contrary , claiming that Israel was acting in self - defense .
That is utterly unsustainable , in light of Israel ’s flat rejection of peaceful means that were readily available , as Israel and its U.S. partner in crime knew very well .
That aside , Israel ’s siege of Gaza is itself an act of war , as Israel of all countries certainly recognizes , having repeatedly justified launching major wars on grounds of partial restrictions on its access to the outside world , though nothing remotely like what it has long imposed on Gaza .
One crucial element of Israel ’s criminal siege , little reported , is the naval blockade .
Peter Beaumont reports from Gaza that , “ on its coastal littoral , Gaza ’s limitations are marked by a different fence where the bars are Israeli gunboats with their huge wakes , scurrying beyond the Palestinian fishing boats and preventing them from going outside a zone imposed by the warships . ”
According to reports from the scene , the naval siege has been tightened steadily since 2000 .
Fishing boats have been driven steadily out of Gaza ’s territorial waters and toward the shore by Israeli gunboats , often violently without warning and with many casualties .
As a result of these naval actions , Gaza ’s fishing industry has virtually collapsed ; fishing is impossible near shore because of the contamination caused by Israel ’s regular attacks , including the destruction of power plants and sewage facilities .
These Israeli naval attacks began shortly after the discovery by the BG ( British Gas ) Group of what appear to be quite sizeable natural gas fields in Gaza ’s territorial waters .
Industry journals report that Israel is already appropriating these Gazan resources for its own use , part of its commitment to shift its economy to natural gas .
The standard industry source reports :
“ Israel ’s finance ministry has given the Israel Electric Corp. ( IEC ) approval to purchase larger quantities of natural gas from BG than originally agreed upon , according to Israeli government sources [ which ] said the state - owned utility would be able to negotiate for as much as 1.5 billion cubic meters of natural gas from the Marine field located off the Mediterranean coast of the Palestinian controlled Gaza Strip .
“ Last year the Israeli government approved the purchase of 800 million cubic meters of gas from the field by the IEC … .
Recently the Israeli government changed its policy and decided the state - owned utility could buy the entire quantity of gas from the Gaza Marine field .
Previously the government had said the IEC could buy half the total amount and the remainder would be bought by private power producers . ”
The pillage of what could become a major source of income for Gaza is surely known to U.S. authorities .
It is only reasonable to suppose that the intention to appropriate these limited resources , either by Israel alone or together with the collaborationist Palestinian Authority , is the motive for preventing Gazan fishing boats from entering Gaza ’s territorial waters .
There are some instructive precedents .
In 1989 , Australian foreign minister Gareth Evans signed a treaty with his Indonesian counterpart Ali Alatas granting Australia rights to the substantial oil reserves in “ the Indonesian Province of East Timor . ”
The Indonesia - Australia Timor Gap Treaty , which offered not a crumb to the people whose oil was being stolen , “ is the only legal agreement anywhere in the world that effectively recognises Indonesia ’s right to rule East Timor , ” the Australian press reported .
Asked about his willingness to recognize the Indonesian conquest and to rob the sole resource of the conquered territory , which had been subjected to near - genocidal slaughter by the Indonesian invader with the strong support of Australia ( along with the U.S. , the U.K. , and some others ) , Evans explained that “ there is no binding legal obligation not to recognise the acquisition of territory that was acquired by force , ” adding that “ the world is a pretty unfair place , littered with examples of acquisition by force . ”
It should , then , be unproblematic for Israel to follow suit in Gaza .
A few years later , Evans became the leading figure in the campaign to introduce the concept “ responsibility to protect ” — known as R2P — into international law .
R2P is intended to establish an international obligation to protect populations from grave crimes .
Evans is the author of a major book on the subject and was co-chair of the International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty , which issued what is considered the basic document on R2P .
In an article devoted to this “ idealistic effort to establish a new humanitarian principle , ” the London Economist featured Evans and his “ bold but passionate claim on behalf of a three - word expression which ( in quite large part thanks to his efforts ) now belongs to the language of diplomacy : the Ôresponsibility to protect . ' ”
The article is accompanied by a picture of Evans with the caption “ Evans : a lifelong passion to protect . ”
His hand is pressed to his forehead in despair over the difficulties faced by his idealistic effort .
The journal chose not to run a different photo that circulates in Australia , depicting Evans and Alatas exuberantly clasping their hands together as they toast the Timor Gap Treaty that they had just signed .
Though a “ protected population ” under international law , Gazans do not fall under the jurisdiction of the “ responsibility to protect , ” joining other unfortunates , in accord with the maxim of Thucydides — that the strong do as they wish , and the weak suffer as they must — which holds with its customary precision .
Obama and the Settlements
The kinds of restrictions on movement used to destroy Gaza have long been in force in the West Bank as well , less cruelly but with grim effects on life and the economy .
The World Bank reports that Israel has established “ a complex closure regime that restricts Palestinian access to large areas of the West Bank … The Palestinian economy has remained stagnant , largely because of the sharp downturn in Gaza and Israel ’s continued restrictions on Palestinian trade and movement in the West Bank . ”
The World Bank “ cited Israeli roadblocks and checkpoints hindering trade and travel , as well as restrictions on Palestinian building in the West Bank , where the Western - backed government of Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas holds sway . ”
Israel does permit — indeed encourage — a privileged existence for elites in Ramallah and sometimes elsewhere , largely relying on European funding , a traditional feature of colonial and neocolonial practice .
All of this constitutes what Israeli activist Jeff Halper calls a “ matrix of control ” to subdue the colonized population .
These systematic programs over more than 40 years aim to establish Defense Minister Moshe Dayan ’s recommendation to his colleagues shortly after Israel ’s 1967 conquests that we must tell the Palestinians in the territories :
“ We have no solution , you shall continue to live like dogs , and whoever wishes may leave , and we will see where this process leads . ”
Turning to the second bone of contention , settlements , there is indeed a confrontation , but it is rather less dramatic than portrayed .
Washington ’s position was presented most strongly in Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s much - quoted statement rejecting “ natural growth exceptions ” to the policy opposing new settlements .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , along with President Shimon Peres and , in fact , virtually the whole Israeli political spectrum , insists on permitting “ natural growth ” within the areas that Israel intends to annex , complaining that the United States is backing down on George W. Bush ’s authorization of such expansion within his “ vision ” of a Palestinian state .
Senior Netanyahu cabinet members have gone further .
Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz announced that “ the current Israeli government will not accept in any way the freezing of legal settlement activity in Judea and Samaria . ”
The term “ legal ” in U.S. - Israeli parlance means “ illegal , but authorized by the government of Israel with a wink from Washington . ”
In this usage , unauthorized outposts are termed “ illegal , ” though apart from the dictates of the powerful , they are no more illegal than the settlements granted to Israel under Bush ’s “ vision ” and Obama ’s scrupulous omission .
The Obama - Clinton “ hardball ” formulation is not new .
It repeats the wording of the Bush administration draft of the 2003 Road Map , which stipulates that in Phase I , “ Israel freezes all settlement activity ( including natural growth of settlements ) . ”
All sides formally accept the Road Map ( modified to drop the phrase “ natural growth ” ) — consistently overlooking the fact that Israel , with U.S. support , at once added 14 “ reservations ” that render it inoperable .
If Obama were at all serious about opposing settlement expansion , he could easily proceed with concrete measures by , for example , reducing U.S. aid by the amount devoted to this purpose .
That would hardly be a radical or courageous move .
The Bush I administration did so ( reducing loan guarantees ) , but after the Oslo accord in 1993 , President Clinton left calculations to the government of Israel .
Unsurprisingly , there was “ no change in the expenditures flowing to the settlements , ” the Israeli press reported .
“ [ Prime Minister ]
Rabin will continue not to dry out the settlements , ” the report concludes .
“ And the Americans ?
They will understand . ”
Obama administration officials informed the press that the Bush I measures are “ not under discussion , ” and that pressures will be “ largely symbolic . ”
In short , Obama understands , just as Clinton and Bush II did .
American Visionaries
At best , settlement expansion is a side issue , rather like the issue of “ illegal outposts ” — namely those that the government of Israel has not authorized .
Concentration on these issues diverts attention from the fact that there are no “ legal outposts ” and that it is the existing settlements that are the primary problem to be faced .
The U.S. press reports that “ a partial freeze has been in place for several years , but settlers have found ways around the strictures …
[ C] onstruction in the settlements has slowed but never stopped , continuing at an annual rate of about 1,500 to 2,000 units over the past three years .
If building continues at the 2008 rate , the 46,500 units already approved will be completed in about 20 years .
…
If Israel built all the housing units already approved in the nation ’s overall master plan for settlements , it would almost double the number of settler homes in the West Bank . ”
Peace Now , which monitors settlement activities , estimates further that the two largest settlements would double in size : Ariel and Ma’aleh Adumim , built mainly during the Oslo years in the salients that subdivide the West Bank into cantons .
“ Natural population growth ” is largely a myth , Israel ’s leading diplomatic correspondent , Akiva Eldar , points out , citing demographic studies by Colonel ( res. )
Shaul Arieli , deputy military secretary to former prime minister and incumbent defense minister Ehud Barak .
Settlement growth consists largely of Israeli immigrants in violation of the Geneva Conventions , assisted with generous subsidies .
Much of it is in direct violation of formal government decisions , but carried out with the authorization of the government , specifically Barak , considered a dove in the Israeli spectrum .
Correspondent Jackson
Diehl derides the “ long - dormant Palestinian fantasy , ” revived by President Abbas , “ that the United States will simply force Israel to make critical concessions , whether or not its democratic government agrees . ”
He does not explain why refusal to participate in Israel ’s illegal expansion — which , if serious , would “ force Israel to make critical concessions ” — would be improper interference in Israel ’s democracy .
Returning to reality , all of these discussions about settlement expansion evade the most crucial issue about settlements : what the United States and Israel have already established in the West Bank .
The evasion tacitly concedes that the illegal settlement programs already in place are somehow acceptable ( putting aside the Golan Heights , annexed in violation of Security Council orders ) — though the Bush “ vision , ” apparently accepted by Obama , moves from tacit to explicit support for these violations of law .
What is in place already suffices to ensure that there can be no viable Palestinian self - determination .
Hence , there is every indication that even on the unlikely assumption that “ natural growth ” will be ended , U.S. - Israeli rejectionism will persist , blocking the international consensus as before .
Subsequently , Prime Minister Netanyahu declared a 10 - month suspension of new construction , with many exemptions , and entirely excluding Greater Jerusalem , where expropriation in Arab areas and construction for Jewish settlers continues at a rapid pace .
Hillary Clinton praised these “ unprecedented ” concessions on ( illegal ) construction , eliciting anger and ridicule in much of the world .
It might be different if a legitimate “ land swap ” were under consideration , a solution approached at Taba and spelled out more fully in the Geneva Accord reached in informal high - level Israel - Palestine negotiations .
The accord was presented in Geneva in October 2003 , welcomed by much of the world , rejected by Israel , and ignored by the United States .
Washington ’s “ Evenhandedness ”
Barack Obama ’s June 4 , 2009 , Cairo address to the Muslim world kept pretty much to his well - honed “ blank slate ” style — with little of substance , but presented in a personable manner that allows listeners to write on the slate what they want to hear .
CNN captured its spirit in headlining a report “ Obama Looks to Reach the Soul of the Muslim World . ” Obama had announced the goals of his address in an interview with New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman .
“ ÔWe have a joke around the White House , ’ the president said .
ÔWe ’re just going to keep on telling the truth until it stops working and nowhere is truth - telling more important than the Middle East . ' ”
The White House commitment is most welcome , but it is useful to see how it translates into practice .
Obama admonished his audience that it is easy to “ point fingers … but if we see this conflict only from one side or the other , then we will be blind to the truth : the only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states , where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security . ”
Turning from Obama - Friedman
Truth to truth , there is a third side , with a decisive role throughout : the United States .
But that participant in the conflict Obama omitted .
The omission is understood to be normal and appropriate , hence unmentioned : Friedman ’s column is headlined “ Obama Speech Aimed at Both Arabs and Israelis . ”
The front - page Wall Street Journal report on Obama ’s speech appears under the heading “ Obama Chides Israel , Arabs in His Overture to Muslims . ”
Other reports are the same .
The convention is understandable on the doctrinal principle that though the U.S. government sometimes makes mistakes , its intentions are by definition benign , even noble .
In the world of attractive imagery , Washington has always sought desperately to be an honest broker , yearning to advance peace and justice .
The doctrine trumps truth , of which there is little hint in the speech or the mainstream coverage of it .
Obama once again echoed Bush ’s “ vision ” of two states , without saying what he meant by the phrase “ Palestinian state . ”
His intentions were clarified not only by the crucial omissions already discussed , but also by his one explicit criticism of Israel : “ The United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements .
This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace .
It is time for these settlements to stop . ”
That is , Israel should live up to Phase I of the 2003 Road Map , rejected at once by Israel with tacit U.S. support , as noted — though the truth is that Obama has ruled out even steps of the Bush I variety to withdraw from participation in these crimes .
The operative words are “ legitimacy ” and “ continued . ”
By omission , Obama indicates that he accepts Bush ’s vision : the vast existing settlement and infrastructure projects are “ legitimate , ” thus ensuring that the phrase “ Palestinian state ” means “ fried chicken . ”
Always even - handed , Obama also had an admonition for the Arab states : they “ must recognize that the Arab Peace Initiative was an important beginning , but not the end of their responsibilities . ”
Plainly , however , it cannot be a meaningful “ beginning ” if Obama continues to reject its core principles : implementation of the international consensus .
To do so , however , is evidently not Washington ’s “ responsibility ” in Obama ’s vision ; no explanation given , no notice taken .
On democracy , Obama said that “ we would not presume to pick the outcome of a peaceful election ” — as in January 2006 , when Washington picked the outcome with a vengeance , turning at once to severe punishment of the Palestinians because it did not like the outcome of a peaceful election , all with Obama ’s apparent approval judging by his words before , and actions since , taking office .
Obama politely refrained from comment about his host , President Mubarak , one of the most brutal dictators in the region , though he has had some illuminating words about him .
As he was about to board a plane to Saudi Arabia and Egypt , the two “ moderate ” Arab states , “ Mr. Obama signaled that while he would mention American concerns about human rights in Egypt , he would not challenge Mr. Mubarak too sharply , because he is a Ôforce for stability and good ’ in the Middle East … Mr. Obama said he did not regard Mr. Mubarak as an authoritarian leader .
ÔNo , I tend not to use labels for folks , ’ Mr. Obama said .
The president noted that there had been criticism
Ôof the manner in which politics operates in Egypt , ’ but he also said that Mr. Mubarak had been Ôa stalwart ally , in many respects , to the United States . ' ”
When a politician uses the word “ folks , ” we should brace ourselves for the deceit , or worse , that is coming .
Outside of this context , there are “ people , ” or often “ villains , ” and using labels for them is highly meritorious .
Obama is right , however , not to have used the word “ authoritarian , ” which is far too mild a label for his friend .
Just as in the past , support for democracy , and for human rights as well , keeps to the pattern that scholarship has repeatedly discovered , correlating closely with strategic and economic objectives .
There should be little difficulty in understanding why those whose eyes are not closed tight shut by rigid doctrine dismiss Obama ’s yearning for human rights and democracy as a joke in bad taste .
[ Note : All material in this piece is sourced and footnoted in Noam Chomsky ’s new book Hopes and Prospects . ]
May 3 is now less than one month away .
That 's the day when anybody holding onto a copy of Halo 3 : ODST will be invited into the public Halo : Reach Beta , free of charge .
The details on what to expect out of the Beta have been coming in hot and heavy over the past few weeks .
I hope you 're ready for a whole lot more .
Welcome+to + Overlook .
Boneyard+concept+art.+More+details+on+this+puppy+will+be+revealed+soon .
I had the opportunity to chat with Chris Carney and Lars Bakken , Multiplayer Design Leads at Bungie , about the four maps which will serve as the killing grounds for the Beta .
There 's Swordbase and Powerhouse , two maps that will feature " party " game types like Headhunter and Slayer in the Beta .
Backing them up is Overlook , a space pulled from the campaign that will feature the Generator Defense test situation .
And then there 's Boneyard , a map that Bungie is staying relatively quiet about for now .
Jetpack balancing , design choices , fall damage , game modes , the man cannon and more -- this huge interview is chock full of brand new info .
All four maps were chosen in order to test a specific selection of gametypes and team sizes .
Sword Base and Powerhouse cover the Slayer , Headhunter , end of the spectrum , Overlook is perfect for the NT 1 * ( " Generator Defense " ) game type , and Boneyard is a great landscape custom built for Invasion .
Each map brings unique elements that we want to evaluate and hopefully contain enough variety to be appealing for the duration of the Beta .
*" Network Test 1 " , the not - so - fancy name for one of our targeted tests / experiences in the public beta .
You know , I 'm really growing to love Powerhouse .
That 's kind of our outdoor , pioneer aesthetic -- which is what the pioneer structures look like on Reach .
The artists have done a lot of work background concepting what that space would look like .
Those buildings and that area of Reach and that particular map I find really fun to run around in .
It 's kind of a cool nice , breezy outdoor space .
I love the sightlines in it and I love the mix of indoor and outdoor combat that you get in it .
It 's quickly becoming my favorite in the Beta maps .
It 's cool because it 's built for four on four Slayer , which I think is all of our favorite game type , so we play a ton on that map .
I like Boneyard which is completely crazy and probably one of the biggest maps we 've done .
I think we were inspired by the beaches in Bangladesh where they pull in those oil tankers and other big ships and cut them apart .
We 're doing that essentially with space frigates on Boneyard .
That 's for Invasion , which is our six on six game type .
All of the maps in the Beta are human themed , but several of the other maps have different themes that I think are really cool .
I do n't really want to talk about them because it would talk about things that are happening in the single - player story .
But , yes , we have come up with a cool palette of environments for ship for multiplayer .
Jetpacks and Sprint definitely change the way players move through the environment .
We started much of the level design before these elements really came into their own , so they did not initially impact the design of the levels .
However , as we have expanded the capabilities of all of the armor abilities , we have had to react somewhat .
That one jump that used to be " challenging " is now " forgotten " with Sprint .
But we have also tried to balance each armor ability appropriately so their simple use does not dominate the environment .
This has required extensive testing and iteration and hey , everyone will be continuing to assist us in this process by playing in the Beta !
A new dinosaur species unearthed in China would have given Wile E. Coyote a run for his money .
Nicknamed the roadrunner , the tiny dinosaur is one of the smallest and leggiest Alvarezsaurs ever to have roamed the Earth .
Alvarezsaurs are known for their long - legged bodies adapted for running , and the group has been linked to the larger dinosaur family that includes modern birds .
( Related : " Smallest Dinosaur in North America Discovered . " )
Remains of the newfound species , Xixianykus zhangi , were found last spring by a local farmer in China 's Henan Province , around 250 miles ( 400 kilometers ) south of Beijing .
The dinosaur lived about 85 million years ago , during the late Cretaceous period .
Based on the partial fossil , scientists think the creature was around 1.5 feet ( 0.5 meter ) long with 10 - inch - long ( 25 - centimeter - long ) legs .
Among the roadrunner dinosaur 's most notable features are very short upper legs compared with its lower legs and feet — extreme even among Alvarezsaurs .
" These proportions imply it could put great long strides in and move fast , " said Dave Hone , a paleontologist based at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing who has been studying the skeleton .
Roadrunner Dinosaur Also an Ant Eater
Although the roadrunner 's forelimbs were not preserved , the dinosaur most likely had the muscular arms and large claws associated with Alvarezsaurs — perfect for pulling apart termite mounds and ripping into logs in its hunt for juicy insect morsels .
Features of the fossil backbone and pelvis confirm that idea : " The front of the body is adapted not to twist , which saves energy when running and provides a brace for digging actions , " Hone said .
In addition , scientists think the tiny dinosaur sported feathers , since many of its cousins have been found with preserved plumage .
( Related : " Dinosaur True Colors Revealed for First Time . " )
X. zhangi was most likely an endurance runner , using minimal energy to cover long distances in its search for food , Hone added .
But if a wily tyrannosaur ever popped up in its path , he said , the roadrunner dinosaur probably could have managed a quick sprint to safety .
Today ’s Record Store Day in the US .
More than 700 independently owned record stores from all over the country are coming together to support the music , and they ’re offering hundreds of awesome deals and prizes .
If you get a chance , shoot over to your local record store today and catch some good deals on anything from vinyl to CDs , to posters .
Record Stores might not be around much longer .
In fact , you may have seen your favorite one close already .
Go out and support your local Record Shop and cash in on some deals as well !
More info – Search for Participating Stores in your Area
Happy Record Store Day !
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
GIVING THE CONFUSED CROWD FAR TOO MUCH CREDIT ….
One of the reasons I ’m inclined to write about the Tea Partiers is that there are still many in the political establishment who believe the political mainstream should do more to take the Tea Party crowd and its hysterical cries seriously .
This strikes me as silly — most of the activists seem to have no idea what they ’re talking about .
Why explore substantive challenges with angry mobs who reject reason and evidence ?
By all appearances , this has n’t quite sunk in yet with many observers .
Thomas Friedman has a column today suggesting Tea Partiers strive to “ become something more than just entertainment for Fox News . ”
Specifically , the columnist recommends that these activists start taking energy policy seriously and endorse “ a $ 10 ‘ Patriot Fee ’ on every barrel of imported oil , with all proceeds going to pay down our national debt . ”
To Friedman , such an approach seems consistent with the Tea Party ’s purported goals — taking a progressive approach to energy policy would help lessen our dependence on the Middle East , lower the deficit , improve our security goals , leave future generations with a better environment , etc .
Friedman is n’t entirely naive .
He concedes , “ Yes , I know , dream on .
The Tea Party is heading to the hard libertarian right and would never support an energy bill that puts a fee on carbon . ”
And to be sure , on a substantive level , his suggestion has merit .
But I think Friedman , like many establishment observers , does n’t fully appreciate how ridiculous the Tea Party effort really is .
John Cole summarizes the situation nicely .
They do n’t care about the deficit .
They care that a Democrat ( and a black “ Muslim , ” to boot ) , is in the White House .
They do n’t care about fiscal restraint , they care that a Democrat is in the White House .
They do n’t , as some foolishly pretend , care about the Wall Street excesses .
Certainly Cenk
Uyger is not the only one who has noticed that the tea party bubbas could all be shipped to protest HCR , but the big money boys are n’t running the buses to protest Wall Street .
They care that there is a Democrat in the White House .
And those crowds of angry white old people screaming “ keep government out of my medicare ” and waving signs of “ Drill , baby , drill ? ”
They sure as hell do n’t care about the environment and are not going to become some sort of “ Green Tea Party . ”
Well , no , of course not .
If the right ’s rhetoric is any indication , we ’re talking about a crowd that often perceives climate science as a Marxist plot .
The so - called “ movement , ” on the whole , does n’t seem to care about policy .
It hardly even seems to care about its own purported goals — this crowd not only applauded when Republicans added $ 5 trillion to the debt and decided to stop trying to pay for their own initiatives , they also took to the streets to complain about taxes after getting a tax cut .
Expecting far - right activists to move to the left on energy policy , just because it ’s wise and in their interests , is regrettably a fool ’s errand .
Friedman is n’t wrong on policy grounds ; he ’s wrong to think unhinged conservatives who think the president is Hitler and the Affordable Care Act represents a “ government takeover ” can be reasoned with .
Abuse
Abuse is a dark 2D side - scrolling platform game developed by Crack dot Com in 1995 .
It features beautiful lighting , realistic animation and nasty alien - like creatures to destroy .
It is now maintained by Sam Hocevar in an attempt to prevent it from vanishing from the Internet .
About
Since Abuse 's public domain release in 1997 , the following improvements were made :
video output uses the SDL library , with optional OpenGL rendering
64 - bit platforms support
lots of crashes , memory leaks and general bugs fixed
abuse - lib , abuse - frabs and abuse - data were merged into one big dataset
, and were merged into one big dataset easier edition of data files using abuse - tool
See all the documentation .
There is also an artwork page and a collection of screenshots .
News
May 9th , 2011 : Abuse 0.8 is out !
Plans
There is no precise roadmap yet .
See the development page for information about development and the timeline to see what ’s going on right now .
My current plans are :
get network play to work again
merge back the CTF code that was developed for Abuse Win32
create free ( as in speech ) sound effects ( my previous attempts at getting Bobby Prince to put them in the public domain did n’t get far )
I have no plans for 3D effects , a new game engine or complete rewrites .
That would be an entirely separate project and I know I do n’t have enough energy to lead such a project .
But if you do , let me know , I ’m willing to help .
Page maintained by ​ Sam Hocevar .
Contact me if you want to help in any way : ​sam@hocevar.net
Unfortunately , most Abuse resources are now dead .
Here are a few worthwile links and archived pages that really deserve to be salvaged :
Pentagon Shooting ' Oddities '
By Lori Price , www.legitgov.org 15 Mar 2010
John Patrick Bedell showed no emotion as he opened fire .
' The gun came from an unlikely place . '
AP : Pentagon gun was from Tenn. police 15 Mar 2010
Two guns used in high - profile shootings this year at the Pentagon and a Las Vegas courthouse both came from the same unlikely place : the police and court system of Memphis , Tenn .
Law enforcement officials told The Associated Press that both guns were once seized in criminal cases in Memphis .
The officials described how the weapons made their separate ways from an evidence vault to gun dealers and to the shooters .
' Why are they handcuffing me ? '
Pentagon shooting witness handcuffed , detained 07 Mar 2010 A witness to the shooting in front of the Pentagon says he is still reeling from being taken in by police that day .
" I am very traumatized with this whole experience , " Dan Namisi told NBC4 .
Namisi was on his way home to Virginia when John Patrick Bedell opened fire at the entrance to the Pentagon Thursday .
Soon after Namisi heard the shots , he found himself in handcuffs .
" I heard a ' pop ! pop ! ' so I ducked down to the ground , " he recalled .
" They gave commands to lay down flat and then they handcuffed me .
And I was puzzled .
Why are they handcuffing me ? "
Police did not tell Namisi , who was trying to get to his home in Burke , why he was in handcuffs -- or why it took three hours for him to be released .
" They would just say , " We are checking the computer , ' " Namisi recalled .
Drill will simulate shooting at Metro station 24 Feb 2010
If you see lots of police and hear commotion at the Friendship Heights Metro station late Wednesday night , relax .
It 's just a drill .
But it is a drill that will simulate gunfire between two shooters in the station , with multiple passengers injured or killed .
Metro says its police department 's special response team will respond to the incident , along with the police , fire and emergency medical services personnel from D.C. , Montgomery County and the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
" It 's important to test and practice our response to this type of crisis that would impact Metro 's ability to provide safe and essential transportation services , " says Metro Transit Police Acting Chief Jeff Delinski .
Metro Transit Police stage large anti-terrorism drill 03 Feb 2010 ( DC ) Metro Transit Police staged their largest anti-terrorism sweep ever during Tuesday morning 's rush hour , as about 50 officers -- some toting M - 4 rifles and others guiding bomb - sniffing dogs -- took up position in Union Station in a new initiative aimed at discouraging [?!?] attacks .
In the coming months , they plan to hold similar drills for the effort , dubbed Blue TIDE ( Terrorism Identification and Deterrence Effort ) .
Metro is planning exercises this month modeled after terrorist attacks in Madrid , London and Mumbai .
About 200 to 300 police officers and other emergency responders from across the region will take part in tactical exercises Feb. 12 , 13 and 24 that will include simulations of the bombing of a Metrobus , an explosion in the tunnel between the Rosslyn and Foggy Bottom - GWU Metro stations , and shooters at the Friendship Heights Metro station .
[ OMG .
These f*ckers may go live for one of them , as they did on 9/11 . ]
( I made this prediction on 03 Feb . )
Metro Police Unleash Blue TIDE at Union Station 02 Feb 2010 A Metro bus explosion , shooters at a subway station and a blast in a subway tunnel -- staged scenarios , but Metro wants to be ready just in case .
The transit agency is planning a series of tactical drills to prepare for emergencies .
The drills include all regional partners and will test the coordination and response needed for three different emergencies .
The first exercise was conducted from 7:30 - 8:30 a.m. Tuesday at Union Station .
Metro called Tuesday 's show of force Blue TIDE ( Terrorism Identification and Deterrence Effort ) .
Metro said Blue TIDE included a number of security sweeps and patrols at Union Station by officers from a number of units , including the anti-terrorism , special response and K - 9 explosives detection teams , Metrobus enforcement and criminal investigations divisions , bomb technicians , emergency management , mobile and foot patrols , auto theft unit , bicycle squad , crime prevention and police communications .
On Feb. 12 , there will be a simulated explosive blast on a Metro bus in the parking lot at RFK Stadium and another bomb found on another bus .
The next day , the drill will involve an explosion on a Metrorail train in the tunnel between Rosslyn and Foggy Bottom .
And on Feb. 24 , the final scenario will involve gunmen at the Friendship Heights Metrorail Station .
*****
Gunman at Pentagon Linked to Anger Against U.S. ( The New York Times ) 05 Mar 2010
The gunman who opened fire at an entrance to the Pentagon on Thursday , injuring two police officers , harbored a deep - seated anger toward federal authorities and may have believed that the government staged the Sept. 11 attacks , officials said Friday .
On Friday , the police here were trying to determine whether John Patrick Bedell ’s views on the 1991 death of a Marine officer , Col. James E. Sabow , in El Toro , Calif. , played a role in his attack on the Pentagon officers .
Colonel Sabow ’s death , which was officially ruled a suicide , is the subject of numerous dark theories about military cover-ups , claiming that he was murdered because he was about to expose covert military operations in Central America involving drug smuggling .
Mr. Bedell wrote on the Web that he was “ determined to see that justice is served ” in the death of Colonel Sabow and that to uncover the truth behind the death would be “ a step toward establishing the truth of events such as the Sept. 11 demolitions . ”
The police said they had ruled out the possibility of a second gunman even though they saw Mr. Bedell , who was killed in an exchange of gunfire , speaking to someone before firing on the officers ...
When he appeared at the Pentagon on Thursday around 6 p.m. , Mr. Bedell had a full beard and was dressed in a blazer , slacks and a white collared shirt , and surveillance cameras showed him walking slowly toward the Pentagon entrance before pulling out two 9 - millimeter semiautomatic weapons .
He began shooting when he arrived at the security checkpoint , near the entrance to the Pentagon subway station ...
Mr. Bedell was the chief executive of a Hollister - based company called DNAputer Research , according to filings with the California secretary of state ’s office ...
Yet even as he railed against the federal government , Mr. Bedell also sought to do business with the military .
In a 2004 research proposal that he wrote for submission to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , he proposed a $ 170,000 nanotechnology project that could be useful in warfare .
JPatrickBedell Retrieved 05 Mar 2010
My hope is to use the creativity of markets and advanced technology to transcend the destructive regimes that have fastened themselves upon the world .
I have dreamed for an number of years of creating v:production econosystems , which I hope to apply to the creation of v:security service econosystems using new and economic mechanisms and information technology .
I have a bachelor 's degree in physics from the University of California , Santa Cruz , and studied biochemistry at San Jose State University .
I 've studied electrical engineering with the goal of creating microsystems for molecular analysis .
You can see a proposal to use aluminum anodization as an adsorption method for DNA molecules on CMOS chips at v:DNA_integrated_circuit/proposal_import_2007
( which originates from an unsuccessful DARPA proposal to create a " microMIRV " interoperable with standard firearms ammunition ) , and a proposal to use xenon difluoride to create a picoliter - scale computer - controlled device for sorting biomolecules ( available at v:Capillary_electrode_array/proposal_import_2007 ) , including DNA and protein molecules .
My goals include the discovery of a protein sequence for the diamondase enzyme , enabling the creation of macroscale diamond structures , and the creation of self - assembled macrosystems with CMOS DNA - integrated circuits .
The scale of these and other projects have led me to develop financial instruments representing information as a tool to manage large projects that are very knowledge - intensive .
I am determined to see that justice is served in the death of Colonel James Sabow , as a step toward establishing the truth of events such as the September 11 demolitions and institutions such as the coup regime of 1963 that maintains itself in power through the global drug trade , financial corruption , and murder , among other crimes .
My work to develop information currency is an effort to create a framework for information management that uses financial markets to create the economic signals ( prices ) that will effect complex human actions in the real world based on specified information .
My desire for justice led me to violate what I think is one of the most unjust laws , cannabis prohibition , by growing 16 cannabis plants on my balcony in Irvine , CA from March 2006 to June 2006 ... < snip >
I apologize for the graphic content of some of my contributions , but detailed evidence is sometimes necessary to address important matters .
I am very disturbed by the fact that Col.
Sabow 's civilian superiors and their successors have been able to continue their narco - mercantilism .
For historical comparison , I might resemble the odd German still complaining about the murders of the Night of the Long Knives in 1938 ( ? ) .
Of course , Wikipedia did n't exist in 1938 ! < snip >
*****
September 11 ' conspiracy ' theorist opens fire at Pentagon 05 Mar 2010 A 9/11 conspiracy theorist walked up to two policemen at the Pentagon yesterday , pulled out a handgun and opened fire at point - blank range .
The man , named as John Patrick Bedell , 36 , injured the police officers near a busy commuter rail station on the site but was shot and died from his injuries hours later .
The Pentagon police chief , Richard Keevill , said that Bedell was apparently trying to gain entry to the giant US Defence Department headquarters but instead of presenting a Pentagon pass , which is required to enter the building , he pulled out a gun .
Pentagon gunman blamed US government for September 11 attacks 05 Mar 2010
The man who shot two police officers at the Pentagon yesterday was an obsessive follower of the 9/11 truth movement who believed that the Twin Towers were demolished in a US government conspiracy , it has emerged .
Police said that John Patrick Bedell , 36 , had acted alone and without links to terrorist networks .
However online postings apparently by him indicate that he was a passionate ' conspiracy ' theorist and opponent of the US Government and armed forces .
Texas trooper tried to get mental - health hold on Bedell for speeding on freeway 05 Mar 2010
The parents of the man shot to death after pulling a gun on Pentagon police guards Thursday had reported him missing in January and , concerned about his mental health , they asked local authorities to hold him .
The parents of John Patrick Bedell , 36 , of Hollister , Calif. , filed a missing - person report on Jan. 4 , said San Benito County , Calif. , Sheriff Curtis Hill .
Hill said the report stemmed from a call the family received from a Texas state trooper on Jan .
3 . The trooper said he had stopped their son for speeding on a freeway heading west outside Amarillo , Hill said .
The trooper used Bedell 's cell phone to call Bedell 's parents , apparently trying to determine whether there was sufficient cause for a mental - health hold on Bedell .
" There 's an inference in ( the report ) that he was concerned about his mental health , " Hill said .
It 's unclear what Bedell 's mother told the trooper .
Apparently finding no cause to hold Bedell , the trooper let him go , Hill said .
Suspected gunman in Pentagon shooting acted alone , officials say 05 Mar 2010
The California man who calmly opened fire on two police officers at an entrance to the Pentagon Thursday appears to have acted alone and was not connected to any terrorist plot , Pentagon police chief Richard S. Keevill said .
The shooter , identified as 36 - year - old John Patrick Bedell , was dressed in a business suit and carried two semiautomatic weapons and " many magazines " of ammunition , Keevill said .
" He walked very directly to the officers and engaged , " Keevill said .
2nd person scrutinized in Pentagon subway shooting [ Oops !
Not any more . ]
04 Mar 2010
Law enforcement officials say they 've got one person in custody and are investigating whether a second was involved in a shooting at the Pentagon subway entrance .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is still unfolding .
They say there 's no immediate signs of terrorism but , with information coming in quickly , they have n't ruled anything out ...
The suspect was also shot .
His injuries were described as " pretty critical . "
Pentagon on high alert after shooting 05 Mar 2010
The Pentagon has been placed on high alert after a gunman opened fire outside a Metro subway station serving the military complex .
Two police officers were grazed by bullets before they returned fire and shot the alleged gunman , who was critically wounded , police said .
He later died from his wounds , the US Medical examiner 's office said .
Shooting suspect may have had 9/11 conspiracy 04 Mar 2010
There are emerging signs that the suspect in a Pentagon subway station shooting may have harbored resentment for the military and had doubts about the facts [ sic ] behind the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
The suspect , John Patrick Bedell , died after exchanging gunfire with two police officers .
In an Internet posting , a user named JPatrickBedell wrote he was determined to see justice for the 1991 death of a Marine in California .
The death was ruled a suicide but has long been the source of coverup theories .
The writer said the case would be a step toward revealing the truth behind 9/11 .
' The writer said the case would be a step toward revealing the truth behind the 9/11 demolitions . '
Pentagon shooter apparently doubted 9/11 facts in Web posting 05 Mar 2010
The gunman in the Pentagon shootings may have harbored resentment for the military and had doubts about the facts behind the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
John Patrick Bedell , 36 , died after exchanging gunfire with two police officers , both of whom were wounded .
In an Internet posting , a user named JPatrickBedell wrote that he was determined to see justice for the 1991 death of Marine Col.
James Sabow in Orange County , which was ruled a suicide but has long been the source of coverup theories .
The writer said the case would be a step toward revealing the truth behind the 9/11 " demolitions . "
Pentagon Shooting Suspect Dies of Injuries -- Police say Man Calmly Took Out Gun , Started Shooting Near Checkpoint 04 Mar 2010
A gunman coolly drew a weapon from his pocket and opened fire at the teeming subway entrance to the Pentagon complex Thursday evening , wounding two police officers before being shot and fatally wounded , officials said .
Pentagon police officers told CBS News that two Pentagon police officers were wounded before the shooter was himself shot - once in the head and once in the shoulder .
The medical examiner 's office said hours later that the suspect , identifed by law enforcement officials as John Patrick Bedell , 36 , had died of his injuries .
Another Manchurian - style shooting : Cops ID Pentagon Shooter , Eye Second Man -- John Patrick Bedell showed no emotion 04 Mar 2010 Authorities have identified the man behind today ’s shooting at the Pentagon as John Patrick Bedell , 36 , and are seeking a second man in connection with the incident , which left two Pentagon police officers injured and Bedell hospitalized .
Sources tell AP that law - enforcement agencies -- which now include the Secret Service and FBI -- are looking at a man who accompanied Bedell to the Pentagon entrance from the Washington subway .
Meanwhile , the Pentagon police chief tells CNN that Bedell had " no real emotion in his face " as he approached a screening area .
" As the officers started to ask him for his pass to get into the Pentagon , he drew a weapon from his pocket and started shooting .
…
He did not say a word . "
At Least Two Police Injured , Suspect Reported in Custody [ Oops !
* Not . *
Now he 's dead .
]
04 Mar 2010
Two police officers were injured by a gunman firing shots outside the Pentagon tonight .
Hundreds of employees there were ordered to go into " Code Red " -- the entire building locked down , with no one allowed to enter or leave .
ABC reported that Pentagon police had a suspect in custody .
ABC reported that three ambulances were on the scene , and all parking lots at the massive Defense Department headquarters were closed off .
The shooting occurred at the Pentagon Metro Station , which is just outside the Pentagon 's main entrance .
The shots were fired at about 6:30 p.m. ET .
Pentagon Police Shoot Man Trying to Enter US Military Complex 04 Mar 2010
The Pentagon police chief says security officers have shot a man who tried to enter the U.S. military complex outside Washington , after the man drew a handgun and opened fire .
Police chief Richard Keevill says two officers who returned fire were shot by the gunman .
He says the officers ' injuries are not considered life - threatening , and that the injuries to the gunman are much more severe .
See also :
Austin , Texas Plane Crash ' Oddities '
Northwest Bomb Plot ' Oddities '
Virginia Tech Shooting ' Oddities '
CLG 9/11 Exposition Zone
*****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/pentagon_shooting_oddities.html
I saved and scanned this blurb from yesterday 's NY Times for a few reasons .
#1 : To restate the obvious , hockey players are fearless .
# 2 : To point out again that hockey players are tough .
# 3 : Volunteering to put your body between a 70 MPH frozen projectile is crazy .
# 4 : Because sometimes reporting the facts can be funny .
# 5 : Knowing their teammate needed reconstruct his face after blocking a shot did not deter the Flyers from getting in the way of 14 more .
( See points 1 and 2 . )
PS : Ian Laperriere , get well soon .
Bloddy video of the blocked shot on the jump .
The Joint European Torus is Europe 's experimental fusion reactor
By Alasdair Cross
Costing the Earth
2010 is a big year for nuclear fusion but experts fear that a lack of fuel could push the dream of cheap , safe , clean and limitless energy far into the future .
As fossil fuels run dry and increasingly desperate attempts are made to control carbon emissions , the seductive promise of fusion energy has attracted billions of pounds of international funding .
There is always a risk that either the technology or the nuclear materials can fall into the wrong hands
Jan Beranek
Greenpeace Later this year the payback on this investment should begin .
A laser at the National Ignition Facility in California will fuse together pairs of hydrogen nuclei , releasing high energy neutrons that should , for the first time , produce more power than the laser itself has put in .
As Professor Mike Dunne , head of Europe 's laser fusion project says , " The first credible attempt is now just a few months away after 50 years of trying .
Incredibly exciting times . "
Safety and security Rumbling voices of discontent may , however , be audible beneath the Californian back - slapping .
At Greenpeace International , Jan Beranek worries about the safety and security of the radioactive tritium used in the reactor .
" There is always a risk that either the technology or the nuclear materials can fall into the wrong hands ...
Some of the materials can be used for hydrogen bombs . "
WHAT IS NUCLEAR FUSION ?
Nuclear fusion is the source of energy in stars such as the sun
The best fuels for fusion are two types , or isotopes , of hydrogen - deuterium and tritium Energy is released as atomic nuclei are forced together at high temperatures and pressures to form larger nuclei Reproducing these conditions on Earth is extremely challenging Dr Marc Beurskens at the Culham Centre for Fusion Energy in Oxfordshire says that nuclear waste is not a serious problem as tritium decays relatively quickly .
There is , he says , " a proliferation issue with tritium because it is used in weapons and obviously decent security has to be set up , but it 's much easier to control than stocks of uranium . "
That still leaves the fundamental problem with fusion - the fuel supply .
Professor Steve Cowley , director of the fusion programme at the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority explains that the fuel is derived from two different forms of hydrogen .
" Deuterium is in sea water .
The oceans of the world contain sixty billion year 's worth of deuterium .
Tritium comes from lithium , lithium salts are in sea water . "
Things , sadly , are n't quite as simple as that sounds .
There are only around 20 kilograms of tritium in the world .
Chain reaction Supplies come principally from nuclear reactors , specifically Canadian heavy water reactors .
They can produce enough tritium to supply current experimental fusion plants but not enough for commercial production .
ABOUT JET The Joint European Torus ( Jet ) is a working nuclear fusion reactor in Culham , Oxfordshire
It can heat different forms of hydrogen ( deuterium and tritium ) to more than 100 million degrees Jet initiates nuclear fusion at a rate far in excess of that in the centre of the Sun Jet is too small to produce meaningful amounts of electricity , but it is a prototype for a much bigger design Jan Beranek of Greenpeace claims that , " to sustain a reaction for a year for just one reactor it would need to burn 50 kgs of tritium ... at the moment we are able to get one kg for about $ 30 million ( £ 20 million ) " .
And that price is expected to rise .
So where could affordable fuel come from ?
Professor Cowley admits : " That 's part of the problem that we have n't done yet but we do know how to do it because it 's been done with nuclear reactors . "
Cowley and his colleagues expect fusion reactors to become self - sustaining , ' breeding ' their own fuel supply .
" The principles are right , but there 's a lot of difference between principles and practice and that 's where we have to do our work , " he says .
Dr Michael Dittmar , a physicist at CERN working for the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology thinks this is a comforting folly , a process fraught with problems in physics , mathematics and engineering .
" You put 20 kgs of this tritium in and then you start to operate a kind of chain reaction .
Even to come to the chain reaction there are so many fundamental problems that cannot be addressed at a single place in the world . "
He says the vast expenditure on experimental reactors should be halted until that basic problem is resolved .
Some $ 3.5 billion ( £ 2.1 billion ) is being spent on America 's National Ignition Facility and , at least 10 billion euros ( £9 billion ) on the ITER reactor under construction in France .
" If this does n't work we can forget the entire rest of the project , " he says .
Despite this the scientists behind the UK 's fusion projects retain complete confidence in the technology .
Professor Dunne expects to see a commercial fusion electricity plant being built in the 2020s whilst Professor Cowley says that the fusion future can be with us as quickly as we 're willing to put our hands into our pockets .
" Having energy is what powers our civilisation .
I can't imagine turning around to our children in 2050 and saying , 'we did n't want to pay that extra tax that was necessary ' . "
Costing the Earth can be heard on BBC Radio 4 at 9 pm GMT on Monday 8 March and afterwards on BBC iPlayer
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iowa Governor Chet Culver , who believes in opposite marriage , today praised lawmakers for not taking up an amendment that would strike down the state 's marriage equality law , the Sioux City Journal reports .
Said Culver : " We stood firm for the civil rights of every Iowan by saying loudly and clearly that any and all efforts to add discriminatory amendments to our state constitution have no place in our state constitution .
Regardless of our personal views , we have a line that needs to be drawn between the executive branch and the judicial branch and I think Iowans are ready to move on and accept that unanimous decision .
I think the overwhelming majority of Iowans do not want to amend our constitution in such a way that 's discriminatory .
I think that 's the bottom line .
I think Iowans want to move forward and the Supreme Court has spoken loudly and clearly and I think it 's time to move on . "
Not that they did n't try .
As you may remember , in February the Iowa House GOP implemented an obscure House rule to try to get a same - sex marriage ban in front of legislators for consideration .
The GOP in the Senate tried the same thing .
At least four Democrats have since signed on to their cause .
New Orleans , Louisiana ( CNN ) -- Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney defeated Texas Rep. Ron Paul by a single vote in the Southern Republican Leadership Conference 's 2012 straw poll on Saturday .
Romney did not appear at the New Orleans conference , but received 439 votes -- or 24 percent -- of the 1,806 ballots cast by delegates at the conference , held in New Orleans .
Paul earned 438 votes .
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich tied for third place with 18 percent of the vote .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee earned 4 percent , followed by Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , both with 3 percent .
Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum finished with 2 percent , while former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson came in last with 1 percent .
Conference - goers had predicted that Romney and Paul would compete for the straw poll 's top two spots , as their supporters worked hard to get like - minded delegates to the voting room .
A group called " Evangelicals for Mitt " was a visible presence at the conference , handing out copies of Romney 's new book and pink piggy banks emblazoned with the slogan , " Elect a president who wo n't break the bank . "
Paul 's loyal supporters , many of them college - aged , showed up in droves on Saturday to cast ballots before attending the congressman 's speech in the afternoon .
Like most straw polls , Saturday 's results should not be considered a reliable predictor of future success .
Former Tennessee Sen. Bill Frist won the last SRLC contest in 2006 but never ran for president .
The straw poll was accurate in 1998 , however , when George W. Bush took the top spot two years before winning the White House .
The ballot also lacked several big names .
Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , South Dakota Sen. John Thune , Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- all of whom have been mentioned as possible 2012 candidates -- were not listed .
At least two , Barbour and Perry , asked to have their names kept off the ballot .
One of the most surprising , and depressing , aspects of the party leaders ' television debate on foreign and defence policy was Gordon Brown 's claim that to question whether the Trident nuclear missile system needed to be replaced was a threat to Britain 's security , and to question the " special relationship " was anti-American .
Twice during the debate Brown accused Nick Clegg , of being " anti-American " .
Labour party sources suggested later that the charge was triggered by an article the Lib Dem leader had written for the journal of the Royal United Services Institute , RUSI .
" Since the Suez crisis " , wrote Clegg , " UK governments have elevated the ' special relationship ' above all else , giving it priority to even when it is against our national interest to do so .
The US recognises that the special relationship has had its day " .
Yet that " special relationship " means more to Britain than the US , and always has done .
It is inevitably lopsided .
The chief benefits to Britain have been privileged access to US intelligence - gathering operations , but as we have seen recently over British involvement in the abuse of terror suspects , that has come at a heavy price .
Questioning the " special relationship " is not being anti-American .
Far from it .
Coupled with that attack from Brown was his suggestion that proposing any alternative to replacing Trident with a new fleet of submarines equipped with US - built long - range nuclear missiles was very dangerous .
When Clegg questioned the proposal , saying it should at least be included in the post-election strategic defence review , Brown responded : " I have to deal with these decisions every day , I say to you , Nick , get real , get real " .
It was as if the prime minister 's finger was poised daily over the nuclear trigger .
The UK's Trident system , with warheads made at Aldermaston with US help , was designed in the cold war as a deterrent able – possibly – to penetrate Russian missile defences .
Labour and the Conservatives seem to be jointly paralysed by the fear that proposing an alternative system , significantly reducing the nuclear arsenal , would be seen as weakness , pilloried by sections of the media .
Yet against which actual or potential enemy could Britain 's Trident missiles be a credible deterrent ?
Who would Britain use them against ?
Prime ministers , present and prospective , cannot answer .
" The single biggest threat to US security , both short - term , medium - term and long - term , would be the possibility of a terrorist organisation obtaining a nuclear weapon , " Barack Obama said earlier this month after hosting an international conference on nuclear security .
Does the British government disagree ?
How would Trident deter terrorists ?
A few days earlier , Obama signed a treaty with the Russian president Dmitry Medvedev , cutting the number of their two countries ' operational nuclear warheads .
At the same time , the Obama administration published a new Nuclear Posture Review which downgraded the importance of nuclear weapons in military strategy and said the US would not manufacture any new nuclear warheads .
The British government , meanwhile , sticks to a nuclear doctrine based on an assumption that our prospective enemies will be frightened by the principle of " calculated ambiguity " .
There are a number of alternatives to Trident , including a small arsenal of nuclear - tipped cruise missiles on conventional submarines .
Nick Ritchie and Paul Ingram , two respected analysts , say in a forthcoming article in the RUSI journal , that there is no need to persevere with the policy of having a Trident submarine " continuously at sea " .
There are many who argue that there is no need to take a decision now anyway .
• More Guardian election comment from Cif at the polls
I 'm always happy to get samples of products I may not be able to get in my area , or may not happen to pick up off the shelf .
Please e-mail me to get shipping information , and thanks !
Termokimia : Pengertian , Persamaan , Reaksi , Rumus Dan Contoh Soal – Tahukah anda apa yang dimaksud dengan termokimia ??
Jika anda belum mengetahui nya anda tepat sekali mengunjungi gurupendidikan.com .
Karena disini [… ]
# 32 : Snake Women by Boris Vallejo
Snake Women by Boris Vallejo , copyright 1980 .
From his book Mirage .
This analysis copyright 2010 by Scott M. McDaniel .
The Image
When I decided to do a Vallejo picture here I asked my Facebook friends list what kind of cheese they thought best represented his art .
Answers were generally high - end or gourmet : Raclette , Manchego , Pont - l ’ Évêque , Gouda .
Someone threw out “ processed cheese food , ” but I think I ’d have to go with Havarti .
I like Havarti .
And the cheese enthusiast in me likes Vallejo .
He ’s the first artist I learned to identify based on style alone .
Unfortunately I can’t find a link , but I once saw a cartoon with a woman in a + 5 chain mail bikini .
She had half a dozen arrows stuck in the chinks on her bosom , and she was saying how glad she was she wore her armor .
( I think it was in a Dragon magazine . )
Anyway , Vallejo epitomizes that barely - there style of fantasy clothing .
It fails in providing warmth or protection , but it allows publishers to put naked babes and guys on book covers without being sued .
I also think it dovetailed with Vallejo ’s love of painting the ideal human form .
This painting , Snake Women , is from his book Mirage .
Here he dispenses with the chain mail bikini level entirely to create fantasy erotica .
The Composition
I ’m going to get into more specifics of style shortly , but first lets start with the basics of the composition .
The image is a vignette that shows three snake women , apparently identical .
The basic shape is a triangle with the middle woman ’s head at the top and the mass of snakes at the bottom as the base .
As a vignette there is a hint of background , but this picture is n’t part of a larger scene or narrative .
It ’s a character study .
As such , Vallejo sets up several pathways to guide our eyes from snake - person to snake - person .
The tallest woman ’s hands take us directly to the women on either side , and their poses generally guide us across the picture to each other .
The one exception is the arm of the woman on the left .
It points down and left , out of the painting .
It ’s certainly necessary for balance in the pose , though , and it ’s not that hard to get back into the main painting .
The Values and Color
This is a very dark painting .
Take a look at the greyscale version :
Vallejo also goes with a narrow color palette :
He ranges from yellow to reds , with just a couple of purples .
What is remarkable , though , is how much saturation he uses .
This is the most saturated image I ’ve analyzed up to this point .
The dark , intense reds create a mood of danger and give us an other - worldly , hellish setting .
The subject matter reinforces the hellish mood – snakes symbolize danger and cunning .
Not only is there the serpent in the garden of Eden , but snakes can also be physically dangerous .
The combination of color and snakes puts us on our guard , and I ’d say even the posture of the snake women provide warning .
It ’s a little too inviting .
The open arms and gorgeous women are an invitation , of course , and that conflict is what Vallejo is playing with here .
It ’s the central concept of the painting .
Not all erotica is safe and romantic – the danger can be a turn on .
The Style
Wikipedia refers to Vallejo’s “ hyper- representational paintings . ”
The style appeals to me in part because I like the contrast between fantastical creatures and realistic painting .
A heavily stylized picture of these same snake women would n’t carry the same impact .
Imagine a Picasso version of them .
We ’d be so focused on the style and shapes that we ’d only get to the snake women later , once we parsed the picture .
So much for the sense of danger and wonder .
So what is it that makes this painting classically “ Vallejo ” ?
Here are some elements that I see repeated over and over again in his work :
If you find a heavy dose of skepticism intellectually bracing -- or you 're simply weary of headlines touting unproven cures or encouraging unfounded fears -- check out these blogs .
They 're worth adding to your " favorites " list .
Heck , put 'em on RSS feeds .
Many of the writers have been a bit preoccupied this week , as you might notice .
Science - Based Medicine Blog :
The self - description sums it up : " The editorial staff of Science - Based Medicine is composed of physicians who , alarmed at the manner in which unscientific and pseudoscientific health care ideas have increasingly infiltrated academic medicine and medicine at large , have decided to do their part to examine these claims in the light of science and skepticism .
We at SBM believe that medicine based on science is the best medicine and tirelessly promote science - based medicine through discussion of the role of science and medicine , as well as the interface between science , medicine , and ( unfortunately ) pseudoscience . "
It 's more fun than it sounds .
Really .
This week 's topics include energy healing , antidepressants and Andrew Wakefield .
NeuroLogica Blog : Called a daily fix of neuroscience , skepticism and critical thinking , it 's written by Dr. Steven Novella , a neurologist at Yale University School of Medicine .
This week 's topics include a woman who reportedly developed dystonia after flu vaccination ( Novella is skeptical ) ; YouFOs ; and Andrew Wakefield .
Respectful Insolence .
A longtime favorite , this is described as " a repository for the ramblings of the aforementioned pseudonymous surgeon / scientist concerning medicine and quackery , science and pseudoscience , history and pseudohistory , politics , and anything else that interests him ( or pushes his buttons ) .
Orac 's motto is : " A statement of fact cannot be insolent . " "
There 's more , as you might imagine .
This week 's topics include ... well , mostly just Andrew Wakefield .
Quackwatch : This is a goldmine .
The self - description : " Quackwatch is now an international network of people who are concerned about health - related frauds , myths , fads , fallacies , and misconduct .
Its primary focus is on quackery - related information that is difficult or impossible to get elsewhere .
Founded by Dr. Stephen Barrett in 1969 as the Lehigh Valley Committee Against Health Fraud ( Allentown , Pennsylvania ) , it was incorporated in 1970 .
In 1997 , it assumed its current name and began developing a worldwide network of volunteers and expert advisors . "
Some of the specific take - downs are dated , but as there 's always a new quack cure or product coming along , the general information holds up just fine .
... Now for some skeptical blogs new to us .
Thanks to Randy for passing them along :
Skepticblog : Described as " a collaboration among some of the most recognized names in promoting science , critical thinking , and skepticism .
It also features the cast and producers of The Skeptologists , a pilot skeptical reality show . "
Seriously .
A pilot skeptical reality show .
This week 's topics include ... you know .
Skepchick : Written by " a group of women ( and one deserving guy ) who write about science , skepticism , and pseudoscience .
With intelligence , curiosity , and occasional snark , the group tackles diverse topics from astronomy to astrology , psychics to psychology . "
Alas , there seems to be no recent mention of what was his name ?
Oh , right , Andrew Wakefield .
But the site does offer a fine list of other worthwhile sites , including {teen}skepchick , which recently tackled the " War on Splenda . "
Pharyngula : Self - described as " evolution , development , and random biological ejaculations from a godless liberal . "
Richard Wiseman 's blog :
This is n't a traditional forum for skeptical diatribes , but the blog does encourage one to think -- all by oneself !
By self - described psychologist , magician , author and professor Richard Wiseman .
This week 's highlight is a little psychological test for people who profess no religious beliefs .
It asks : Would you sign a pact with the devil ?
If so , Mr. Wiseman wants to know about it .
Enjoy .
-- Tami Dennis
Photo :
No one 's saying you have to agree , just asking you to think about it .
The gadget blogosphere was on fire with iPhone 4G rumors over the weekend after Engadget posted photos of what it claims is the next - generation model of Apple 's iPhone .
How the handset , or at least photos of the alleged phone , came into Engadget 's possession sounds like something out of a sci- fi mystery .
A strange device falls into the hands of a regular citizen by complete chance and somehow makes its way to the gadget blog .
The device works briefly but then mysteriously shuts down ( perhaps by remote wipe ) , unsure what to make of the device gadget sleuths from across the Internet work together to try and uncover the mysteries surrounding , what we will call iPhone X .
Is it the real deal , or just more baseless Apple rumor blather ?
UPDATE : Gizmodo recently posted a detailed review of iPhone X claiming to have had hands - on experience with the device .
Let 's dive in .
i Phone X
Engadget on Saturday posted photos that are supposedly images of the next - generation iPhone model , typically dubbed iPhone 4G , but for our purposes let 's call it iPhone X .
The gadget blog claims it came into posession of the photos of iPhone X after an unnamed source found the device lying on the floor of a San Jose bar .
The phone supposedly has 80 GB worth of storage and a front - facing camera .
Engadget also said the device is no longer booting up , but it was , and was " running an OS that was decidedly new . "
Engadget 's photos also bear a striking resemblance to photos posted to Twitpic in February by Twitter user TUDream .
( Image above is from Engadget .
Click to enlarge )
The pictures show a a very boxy - looking , non-unibody handset casing with a variety of buttons and ports that correspond to locations on the iPhone : two buttons for volume ( as opposed to the current one - piece volume rocker ) on the left side of the device ; a silent ring switch above the volume controls ; and a sleep button and headphone jack at the top .
The most convincing features , however , are what look like an exact replica of the iPhone 's home button and earpiece .
You can also make out in one of the photos a hole next to the earpiece that might be a front - facing camera ; however , the photos are not clear enough to know for sure .
Criticisms Abound
Shortly after Engadget posted the photos , other sites , pundits and critics quickly denounced the photos as fakes .
Apple prognosticator and Daring Fireball blogger John Gruber , who has a fairly good record at predicting new Apple devices , called the photos a hoax .
Chicago Sun-Times tech critic and onetime Macworld contributor Andy Ihnatko posted a thoughtful piece on his blog arguing that iPhone X was most likely a Chinese knock - off of the iPhone ; however , Ihnatko left the door open for the possibility that the photos were genuine .
One of the most important points Ihnatko raised was that it seemed unlikely , given Apple 's well - known addiction to secrecy , that a new iPhone would even be allowed to leave Apple 's Cupertino campus .
A particularly enthusiastic MacRumors commenter also got in on the action by posting a photo holding Engadget 's iPhone X and claiming it was an iPhone knock - off he had bought in Japan .
That rumor lasted for a few hours before it was revealed that the commenter faked the photo , opening up the possibility once again that Engadget 's photos were genuine shots of the next iPhone .
There was also some doubt about Engadget 's claims that the device would no longer boot up , but this is hardly a surprising feature for an iPhone test unit .
Apple began offering with iPhone OS 3.0 a Remote
Wipe feature that lets you remotely delete any data contained on an iPhone , so it would seem likely that Apple would also have the capability to remotely shut down a test device in case it was lost or stolen .
No Surrender
Despite the criticisms , Engadget stuck to its guns and later made a particularly interesting argument supporting its iPhone X claims .
Looking over past leaked photos , an Engadget editor discovered a device that looked similar to iPhone X in a previously posted shot of the iPad .
The iPad photo showed Apple 's latest device bolted to a table , and sitting on top and to the right of the iPad were handsets that may or may not be the same as iPhone X .
The problem is the iPad photo is very blurry , and making out the similarities between iPhone X and the iPad handsets is difficult .
Engadget also claimed anonymous sources later confirmed to them that the blog 's photos were in fact legitimate .
These sources also reportedly said the next iPhone will take microSIM cards , just like the iPad , and will also have a higher - resolution screen and a better rear - facing camera with a built - in flash .
Engadget also linked to more photos on MacRumors taken from a Chinese Website that show iPhone parts that bear some similarities to iPhone X .
There are differences between the spare parts and iPhone X , but Engadget argues the discrepancies are to be expected since these are test units and not the finished product that will launch to consumers .
One Critic Comes Around
With Engadget convinced its photos were genuine , Daring Fireball 's Gruber claimed to have done some calling around to his own Apple sources and is now convinced that iPhone X is indeed the next - generation iPhone .
However , Gruber also believes that the casing may just be for testing to disguise the device , and that when the new iPhone is launched it will probably look physically different .
But the device would have similar specs including the front - facing camera , higher - res screen and better camera .
Interestingly , the Macrumors photos and the Twitter photos from February show what may be a glass - like back case for the iPhone .
A glass casing does n't make much sense since it would be easily breakable ; however , a Daring Fireball reader dug up this Apple patent from 2006 for a highly - durable and scratch proof ceramic ( zirconia ) enclosure that is radio transparent -- meaning the new rear casing is meant to improve the iPhone 's radio signal and would not be so easily shattered .
Real or Fake ?
It 's not clear what to make of all this .
We have a January photo from Engadget that may be showing iPhone X alongside an early test model of the iPad at an Apple test center .
There is also this patent for a ceramic casing , which supports -- but hardly proves -- that the back casing seen in some of the iPhone X photos could be real .
But one problem with Engadget 's claim is that the iPhone X photos from Saturday never show the device facing front , so it 's hard to tell for sure if the iPhone home button is truly the real deal , or if that hole next to the earpiece is actually a camera .
What do you think ?
Are you buying the claims that this is the new iPhone ?
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
Google Cloud Print Will Allow Printing From Any Device to Any Printer , Anywhere
Google also wants device makers to start churning out cloud - aware printers
I ’m a sucker for a cool space wallpaper , and judging by the images I find online , so are many of you .
Creating a cool space scene can be done in a few minutes once you ’ve got the basic method down , and Gimp provides several ways to go about adding random elements to keep things interesting .
In this guide we ’ll cover a 10 minute method to creating a galactic landscape that may not win you any awards but will certainly add some depth to your desktop .
If you do not already have Gimp ( available by default in current Ubuntu versions ) it ’s freely available for download here for Windows , Linux , and Mac .
This tutorial will be using Gimp 2.6.7 .
Creating the Stars
We will , of course , want to start with a layer of stars .
With Gimp open , go to File -> New .
At the minimum , you will want your image size to be your desktop resolution , such as 1024 ×768 or 1440×900 .
Under Advanced Options , choose Fill With : Foreground Color ( black ) .
Now it ’s time to create our stars .
On the canvas window , go to Filters -> Noise -> Hurl .
Select Randomize and click OK .
To remove color from the stars simply click Colors -> Desaturate -> OK .
We can always add in color later if desired .
To thin out the dots , set your image zoom to 100 % , then choose Colors -> Levels .
In the first text box , enter a number from from about 220 to 240 to get a medium density star field .
To improve the stars ’ appearance , click Filters -> Light and Shadow -> Sparkle .
Set Flare Intensity to somewhere between .10 and .15 for a fairly subtle sparkle effect .
Save and minimize the star field canvas for now , because we ’ll be creating a new image for the planet .
Creating a Planet
First we ’ll want a good looking high - resolution texture .
Since we ’ll be warping the texture with a lens to make it look better on a sphere , it ’s very important you find a large , high resolution image even for a small planet .
You can find many such images here .
Open your new texture in Gimp and use the Crop tool to make it an even square shape .
Just click the Crop tool ( Shift+C ) and drag a square box around the area you want to keep .
To make it look properly spherical , click Filters -> Light And Shadow -> Apply Lens. Choose Set Surroundings to Background Color and click OK .
Some image types may leave a white background like in the example above .
To remove the white space , first right - click your planet layer and choose Add Alpha Channel .
Then pick the Fuzzy Select tool ( or hit U on the keyboard ) , click any white space , and hit the delete key .
For our shadow , create a new layer above the planet , and choose the Ellipse Tool ( or hit E on the keyboard ) .
Drag a box from one corner of your image to the other , creating a circle roughly the same size as the planet .
Use the bucket tool to fill this selection in with solid black .
Click Layer ->
Scale Layer and increase the shadow layer to about 150 % of its current size .
Next , click Filters -> Blur -> Gaussian Blur .
I ’m using a 2000 ×2000 texture , so with my image the blur had to be set to 500 to achieve the desired effect .
To drag our big black blurry shadow in to place , click the Move tool ( or hit M ) and drag the shadow wherever it looks good .
Now save your planet image as planet.png .
Make sure you do not use JPG as it will not properly handle the transparency .
Now we ’re ready to combine our images .
Back in the star field canvas from the first section , choose File > Open as Layer and pick your planet file .
It will be big , so shrink it down with the Scale tool ( Shift + T ) to the size you like and place with the Move tool .
Adding Nebulas
For a nebula effect , start by creating a new transparent “ nebula ” layer .
Now pick Filters -> Render -> Clouds -> Plasma .
Select Randomize and hit OK .
Colors can be adjusted by opening Colors -> Color Balance .
To make it look a little smoother , choose Filters -> Blur ->
Motion Blur and set to an appropriate level for a smooth , cloudish look , probably at least 20 .
Now just set the opacity on your nebula layer to the level you like from the Layers window ..
To top off our image , we ’ll use Gimp ’s Supernova filter .
First create a new transparent layer called nova .
Then click Filters -> Light and Shadow -> Supernova .
Set color , size , and placement options as desired and click OK .
And now we ’ve got a passable space scene created in just a few minutes .
If you ’d like to improve on it further , I ’d suggest using a similar method to our shadow creation to create a atmospheric “ halo ” around the planet , setting up layer masks to get finer control over the nebula , and adjusting color saturations for a more cohesive look .
This basic method can be expanded dozens of ways to create space scenes of all types .
CHICAGO , April 16 / PRNewswire / --
For only the fifth time in its 57 - year history , Playboy magazine has released its list of America 's Top 10 Party Schools .
The much - talked - about rankings , featured in the magazine 's May 2010 issue ( available on newsstands and at www.playboydigital.com on Friday , April 16 ) , were determined by Playboy 's editors , with input from the magazine 's campus representatives , models , photographers , online voters , and student readers .
The following schools have earned a spot on Playboy 's 2010 Top 10 Party Schools list :
University of Texas at Austin West Virginia University University of Wisconsin- Madison University of Miami East Carolina University Arizona State University Rollins College University of California - Santa Barbara Plymouth State University University of Iowa
In addition to its Top 10 rankings , Playboy 's May issue also features a " Best in Class " list which crowns 23 additional schools as category winners .
Awards include " Hottest Cheerleaders " ( USC ) , " Best College Sports Bar " ( The Houndstooth in Tuscaloosa , Alabama ) , and " Best Halloween Party " ( Ohio University ) .
A complete list of winners , along with additional party pictures and video clips , can be found on www.playboy.com/partyschools.
In celebration of Playboy 's party school rankings , the magazine will throw two legendary parties sponsored by Playboy Fragrances for Men .
The first party will be held on Thursday , April 22 in Austin to honor the University of Texas as America 's top party school .
A second bonus party will be held on Saturday , April 24 in Tempe to award ASU students for their longtime commitment to partying and for making Playboy 's Top Party School List 5 times ( 1987 , 2002 , 2006 , 2009 , and 2010 ) .
In addition , Playboy 's editorial team voted ASU 's co-eds the hottest of 2010 .
Both bashes will take place at a bar near campus and will include Playmates , Playboy models , giveaways , magazines , and a special award honoring each school 's partying prowess .
Playboy last published its Top Party Schools list in May 2009 with the University of Miami crowned as the champion .
The magazine 's first list , Top 40 Party Colleges , appeared in the January 1987 issue with California State University - Chico taking the # 1 spot .
Party school rankings have also appeared in the magazine 's November 2002 and May 2006 issues .
SOURCE Playboy
Quick and Dirty Prototyping : A Success Story
By Paraluman Cruz
Last November at the IGDA Leadership Forum , I gave a short talk on quick and dirty prototyping as a production method for small PC games .
The topic was met with curiosity , as most producers were already comfortable with their existing waterfall or agile methodologies .
While our studio , Boomzap Entertainment , is agile in the simplest definition of the word ( " can move fast , is flexible " ) , we do n't follow Scrum , XP , or any of the popular frameworks .
Instead , we 've tweaked a process that works best for our indie studio for the past five years -- a process I like to call " quick and dirty prototyping " , though no one else at Boomzap refers to it as such .
You can read a short summary of the presentation here .
In this feature article , I 'll expand on my original talk by discussing in depth how our studio does quick and dirty prototyping , the tools and tricks we use , and the benefits ( and pitfalls ) of using the method .
I 'll also be using examples from our latest game , Awakening : The Dreamless Castle , which was built through prototyping .
Why It Works ( For Us )
To give you some context on how we work : Boomzap Entertainment is a small indie casual games developer in Southeast Asia .
We are a 100 % virtual studio -- we are spread across Malaysia , Singapore , Japan , and the Philippines , all working from home , without any rented office space anywhere .
The Awakening team worked with each other entirely online , from meetings and documentation to asset and build processing .
The only way for us to judge another person 's abilities was to look at the work they 've put into the build , making us conducive to prototyping ( which , by its very nature , is all about results ) .
We are also a small company , with a total of 19 people .
We have an average team size of four or five , which usually consists of one programmer , one designer , and a few artists .
Awakening , at its peak , had seven people -- mostly artists -- because the game was art - intensive .
Since our team was small , there was no need for hierarchy or bureaucracy ; anyone could suggest or comment on an idea , and we approved and vetoed each other equally .
This also meant anyone could prototype something into the build quickly , without facing much resistance from the rest of the team .
This combination ( a results - only virtual environment plus a small team size working on a casual game ) made it easy for us to use quick and dirty prototyping .
That 's not to say that it would n't work for larger studios , projects , or teams -- your studio may already be doing something similar .
How It Works
Quick and dirty prototyping involves three basic ideas :
1 . We build working prototypes as fast as possible
2 . We keep the assets ugly until the last possible second , and
3 . We revise or scrap content until it 's fun .
This method is entirely about speed and efficiency ; daily builds , placeholder assets , and rapid iteration formed a routine for making all our projects , including Awakening .
Step 1 : Build working prototypes as fast as possible
We made daily builds of Awakening faithfully , from the first day of demo development until release .
The build was posted both on our internal project site and to the publisher 's site .
This transparency meant that the publisher could pull any build off the server and play it -- even the bad ones !
Builds were always posted with a change log , which made it easy for publishers and QA to know which rooms and puzzles to test each day .
The biggest value of having a daily build cycle was the ability to quickly test ideas .
If someone wanted to pitch a new art asset or subgame , we would answer with , " Put it in the build and let 's see how it works . "
It was a rinse - and - repeat process : place an idea in the build , test it the next day , and get quick feedback .
Because we were a virtual company , each team member needed to be self - sufficient in placing their work into the build .
We relied on a few important tools to keep things running smoothly .
Team members submitted assets either through e-mail ( using a centralized e-mail address ) or source control ( we used Subversion [ SVN ] for ours ) .
At the end of the day , the programmer ran a batch file that grabbed all files from SVN and e-mail , converted or exported anything that needs processing , and then compiled the code .
We automated this as much as we could , since it also minimized human error .
For scripting and encoding assets , our core technology was actually Microsoft Excel .
As a rule , if we could put something in Excel , we would : variables , gameplay scripts , asset properties , sound effects , text strings , you name it .
By keeping these outside of code , we could tweak values easily and test them in the build without a programmer 's help .
( click for full size )
The sheets were designed to be easy to use -- each spreadsheet had a big " Export " button on the topmost row .
Clicking it activated a macro that exported the data into a .lua file , which the engine could read .
By making artists and designers do their own data and asset processing , we freed up valuable time for the programmer to actually do his job and code .
Nobody escaped Excel -- even our artists spent quality time bonding with spreadsheets .
The bad news is , if anyone can place anything into the build , sooner or later something was going to break .
Everyone screws up , whether intentionally or not .
To avoid this , we " monkey - proofed " our steps as much as possible .
Source control was great for that ; if someone checked in a broken asset or worksheet , we could quickly revert to a previous working version .
( It also kept a log to find out who checked in what , but we tried not to be vengeful about things . )
Also , everyone had to test their work before submitting it , and the programmer tested the build himself before he uploaded it .
The few times we have been sloppy about testing were the few times that the publisher happened to grab that daily build - so it 's a lesson we forced ourselves to practice .
Step 2 : Keep assets ugly until the last possible second
A daily build process sounds well and good , but realistically speaking , how much work could you really complete in a day ?
Many art assets , even in casual games , take a few days to complete ( for example , a Hidden Object scene in Awakening could take up to a week for one artist to make from scratch ) .
But in quick and dirty prototyping , we could n't wait a week -- what if the art did n't turn out the way we wanted ?
What if a feature was n't fun ?
The only way for us to consistently have a daily build was to keep our work as streamlined and " light " as possible .
In other words , we kept things ugly until the last possible second .
For most of Awakening , we used placeholders for everything -- art is the most obvious , but we also used placeholder effects , sounds , and text .
Our very first milestone was a black - and - white playable walkthrough of the entire game .
You could walk through the entire castle from start to finish , click on objects to bring up black - and - white closeups , pick up an item and have it appear in your inventory ( as an ugly clipart question mark ) , and play very basic subgames .
When I say black - and - white art , I do n't mean nice sketched line art from an artist ; a lot of them were really crappy thumbnails that I drew , and I can't draw to save my life .
Imagine having a whole fantasy world looking like that , and submitting it to the publisher as a milestone .
Lucky for us , our publisher knew our work process , and ( more importantly ) saw its value : it gave them an ability to PLAY the game very early on , see how large the world was , if the puzzles made sense , and if the subgames were fun .
You'd be surprised how playable a game could be using crappy art , blocky effects , and fake text -- all it took was a little bit of imagination .
On our end , using placeholders enabled us to do our jobs without waiting for final art to finish .
We could script object interactions without waiting for actual art to be done , or artists could put works - in - progress in the build and get feedback right away .
Minimizing dependency was crucial in a virtual office environment , where the temptation to sit around and do nothing ( while waiting for someone else to go online ) was very strong .
For us , that 's unacceptable -- you could almost always find a way to work with a placeholder , even if it meant making the crappy thumbnail sketches yourself .
Step 3 : Revise or scrap content until the game is fun
Daily builds and placeholder assets allowed us to change things very quickly , which was the point of quick and dirty prototyping .
If we changed our minds about something in the game , the cost of change was much less than in a traditional environment -- most of the time , we were only dealing with placeholders and a few days ' work .
It was only near Alpha that we got final art in , and by that time , we 'd already playtested through most of our features and changed our minds a million times with little cost .
Since we built daily , we needed to test daily as well .
Every morning , the team downloaded the daily build and tested it .
We checked for two things : first , did the build work ?
( Did it actually do what we told the publisher it would do ? )
Second , and more importantly , was the build fun ?
Were the new subgames or assets we placed last night actually fun to play ?
" Fun " was always subjective , and our team was usually too involved to see things clearly -- so once in a while , we 'd organize company - wide playtests , or pull in relatives and friends ( sometimes , even publishers ) to join us .
It was very helpful to have people who were n't part of the project look at it and give a fresh point of view .
We tried not to disrupt the rest of the company too much , usually only organizing large playtests before an upcoming milestone .
Playtests would result in a long list of notes from all sides , with the list getting longer with each daily build .
In order for us to stay focused and on schedule , we worked with a single , central tasklist ; all bugs and change requests were compiled in a spreadsheet and ranked from 1 to 4 in terms of priority ( 1 meant critical ) .
During the development of Awakening , we migrated our tasklist from Microsoft Excel to Google Docs , so the team could view and edit the list in real time .
To make sure tasks were n't checked off or deleted haphazardly without proper testing , we had a tasklist owner ( usually the creative director or producer ) who was the only one allowed to mark a task as done .
We kept the tasklist for Awakening very informal , whittling notes down to the fewest words possible ; again , keeping things quick and dirty ( but effective ) was the goal .
During Alpha and Beta , our tasklist went up to over a thousand entries (! ) , ranging from major crashing bugs to suggestions on the color of the wood of the Goblinjong boxes .
To keep the team focused on the most important tasks , we actually hid all tasks that were priorities 3 and 4 ( the lowest priorities ) , and placed them in another spreadsheet .
That way , the team would fix major tasks first , even if they were much more difficult to do .
Whenever someone felt bad that their priority 4 comment was n't being acted on , we'd joke that we 'd put it in the sequel and leave it at that .
Putting
It into Practice
Awakening was our first casual adventure game , and quick and dirty prototyping helped a lot in finalizing our design , art style , and tools .
The project started as a one - level demo , which we built in about three weeks ; it consisted of the Garden room with complete objects , subgames , and effects , and one Hidden Object scene .
Since the point of the demo was to find a publisher , this was the only time we broke the " keep things ugly " rule -- the Garden demo was very pretty , with an 80 percent level of quality and functionality when compared to the final version of Awakening .
Building a complete vertical slice in a short amount of time also helped us gauge the capabilities of the team , if we could actually build the game we were pitching to make .
Once we were signed , the full development took about 10 months , with most art staying placeholder until near Alpha .
We first built the entire castle in black - and - white sketches , then in about 50 % art quality ( as Rough Playable ) , and then getting to 80 % in Alpha .
We added the visual effects , sound , and cutscenes last .
By keeping things flexible until the last second , we were able to make changes in the last few months of development that really helped with the overall playability of the game .
Daily prototyping freed us from a lot of " asset guilt " , and we scrapped or changed major parts of the game , which were all good moves .
Awakening became # 1 on Big Fish Games for almost three weeks , and I believe the flexibility of a quick and dirty prototyping method contributed to this success .
Tips for Successful Prototyping
Granted , the whole point of a " quick and dirty " method is there are no hard and fast rules ; we tweaked processes as we went along , to fit what was best for our team .
If I had any generic wisdom to impart for other studios , it would be :
1 ) Train your team to think in terms of prototypes .
Encourage them to experiment , and to accept when their ideas fail .
Encourage artists to create and submit works in progress and leave perfection for when ideas are final .
Train everyone to be technically proficient in tools so they can prototype and test their ideas themselves .
1 ) Train your publisher .
Explain which parts are works in progress , and pull ( absolutely pull ) them for feedback early in the process .
Encourage them to be involved , but also let them know when a change is unreasonable .
Just because the team can change things quickly does n't mean these changes do n't add up and take actual time .
1 ) Learn when to stop revising .
Assume that milestone dates do n't change , and put your foot down when a feature or asset is approved .
Just because you can change your mind everyday does n't mean you should .
Aim to get things right each time .
If you are interested in quick and dirty prototyping or you have your own method that works for you , drop us a line -- we are interested to see how this works in other studios !
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Bush says he signed NSA wiretap order Adds he OK'd program more than 30 times , will continue to do so President Bush arrives for his radio address in the Roosevelt Room at the White House on Saturday .
RELATED QUICKVOTE
Was the New York Times right to publish details of a secret program that allows spies to eavesdrop on Americans without a warrant ?
Yes , we need to know No , security needs secrecy or View Results YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS National Security Agency ( NSA ) Military Intelligence Civil Rights Espionage and Intelligence or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In acknowledging the message was true , President Bush took aim at the messenger Saturday , saying that a newspaper jeopardized national security by revealing that he authorized wiretaps on U.S. citizens after September 11 .
After The New York Times reported , and CNN confirmed , a claim that Bush gave the National Security Agency license to eavesdrop on Americans communicating with people overseas , the president said that his actions were permissible , but that leaking the revelation to the media was illegal .
During an unusual live , on - camera version of his weekly radio address , Bush said such authorization is " fully consistent " with his " constitutional responsibilities and authorities . "
( Watch Bush explain why he 'authorized the National Security Agency ... to intercept ' -- 4:29 ) Bush added : " Yesterday the existence of this secret program was revealed in media reports , after being improperly provided to news organizations .
As a result , our enemies have learned information they should not have , and the unauthorized disclosure of this effort damages our national security and puts our citizens at risk . "
He acknowledged during the address that he allowed the NSA " to intercept the international communications of people with known links to al Qaeda and related terrorist organizations . "
The highly classified program was crucial to national security and designed " to detect and prevent terrorist attacks , " he added .
( Transcript )
The NSA eavesdrops on billions of communications worldwide .
Although the NSA is barred from domestic spying , it can get warrants issued with the permission of a special court called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court .
The court is set up specifically to issue warrants allowing wiretapping on domestic soil .
' Sad day '
After hearing Bush 's response , Sen . Russ Feingold , D - Wisconsin , said there was no law allowing the president 's actions and that " it 's a sad day . "
" He 's trying to claim somehow that the authorization for the Afghanistan attack after 9/11 permitted this , and that 's just absurd , " Feingold said .
" There 's not a single senator or member of Congress who thought we were authorizing wiretaps . "
He added that the law clearly lays out how to obtain permission for wiretaps .
" If he needs a wiretap , the authority is already there -- the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Act , " Feingold said .
" They can ask for a warrant to do that , and even if there 's an emergency situation , they can go for 72 hours as long as they give notice at the end of 72 hours . "
Bush defended signing the order by saying that two of the September 11 hijackers who flew the plane into the Pentagon -- Khalid Almihdhar and Nawaf Alhazmi -- " communicated while they were in the United States to other members of al Qaeda who were overseas , but we did n't know they were here until it was too late . "
He said the authorizations have made it " more likely that killers like these 9/11 hijackers will be identified and located in time , and the activities conducted under this authorization have helped detect and prevent possible terrorist attacks in the United States and abroad . "
Re-authorized 30 times Sources with knowledge of the program told CNN on Friday that Bush signed the secret order in 2002 .
The sources refused to be identified because the program is classified .
Bush , however , said he authorized the program on several occasions since the September 11 attacks and that he plans on doing it again .
" I have re-authorized this program more than 30 times , " he said .
" I intend to do so for as long as our nation faces a continuing threat from al Qaeda and related groups . "
The New York Times had not responded to Bush 's allegations that the paper endangered national security as of Saturday afternoon .
But in a Friday statement , Executive Editor Bill Keller said the newspaper postponed publication of the article for a year at the White House 's request , while editors pondered the national security issues surrounding the release of the information .
But after considering the legal and civil liberties aspects , and determining that the story could be written without jeopardizing intelligence operations , the paper ran the story , Keller said , emphasizing that information about many NSA eavesdropping operations is public record .
CNN has not confirmed the exact wording of the president 's order .
The political ramifications of the newspaper 's report were felt even before Bush acknowledged the report 's veracity .
Senators contemplating a vote Friday on whether to renew some controversial portions of the Patriot Act used The New York Times ' report as evidence that the government could not be trusted with the broad powers laid out in the act .
( Read about the Patriot Act vote )
In particular , Sen .
Arlen Specter , R - Pennsylvania , said such behavior by the executive branch " ca n't be condoned , " and Sen.
Charles Schumer , D - New York , said the report swayed his decision on the Patriot Act proposal .
" Today 's revelation that the government listened in on thousands of phone conversations without getting a warrant is shocking and has greatly influenced my vote , " Schumer said .
" Today 's revelation makes it very clear that we have to be very careful -- very careful . "
Specter , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , added Friday that his committee would immediately begin investigating the matter .
CNN 's Kelli Arena contributed to this report .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
