Greetings From Future Camp
According to Ray Kurzweil , the Singularity is a point at which man will become one with machine and then live eternally — which makes Singularity University , a nine - week academic retreat named for the concept , sound a little cultish .
Our writer traveled west to investigate and found 40 stunningly sane brainiacs out to change the world .
( CNN ) -- NASA launched a new telescope into space on Monday to scan the cosmos for undiscovered objects , including asteroids and comets that might threaten Earth .
The Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE , spacecraft will employ an infrared camera to detect light - and heat - emitting objects that other orbiting telescopes , such as the Hubble , might miss .
WISE launched Monday at 9:09 a.m. ET aboard a Delta II rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
The launch was postponed from Friday because of a problem with the motion of a booster steering engine .
The unmanned WISE will spend the next nine months in orbit , 326 miles above the Earth , mapping the universe in infrared light .
Its lens eventually will cover the whole sky 1 ½ times , snapping a picture every 11 seconds .
" The last time we mapped the whole sky at these particular infrared wavelengths was 26 years ago , " said Edward " Ned " Wright of UCLA , the principal investigator of the mission .
He was referring to WISE 's predecessor , the Infrared Astronomical Satellite , which launched in 1983 and discovered six comets .
" Infrared technology has come a long way since then , " Wright said .
" The old all - sky infrared pictures were like impressionist paintings -- now , we 'll have images that look like actual photographs . "
Watch video of the launch
The solar - powered WISE will not be the first infrared telescope in space .
Two others -- NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope and the European Space Agency 's Herschel Space Observatory -- also catalog images of the universe , although both focus on specific celestial objects instead of surveying the entire sky .
Mission leaders expect WISE to find hundreds of asteroids and comets with orbits that come close to crossing Earth 's path .
By measuring the objects ' infrared light , the telescope also should help determine their size and composition -- data that may help astronomers learn how often Earth can expect to be struck by a hurtling asteroid .
" We can help protect our Earth by learning more about the diversity of potentially hazardous asteroids and comets , " said Amy Mainzer , deputy project scientist for the $ 320 million mission at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California .
WISE also will be looking for dim stars called brown dwarfs and millions of far - away galaxies that are shrouded in dust and often can't be seen in visible light .
Watch a video about the mission
Data taken by WISE will be downloaded by radio transmission four times per day to computers on Earth , which will combine the many overlapping images into an atlas covering the entire celestial sphere -- complete with a list of all the detected objects .
The rocket is expected to cross the California coastline shortly after liftoff and head south , out over the Pacific Ocean .
About five minutes later , the " fairing " covering the telescope was expected to split open like a clamshell and fall away .
At about 55 minutes after launch , the spacecraft is expected to reach its final orbit and separate from the rocket .
Engineers expected to pick up a signal from WISE anywhere from about one to 10 minutes after separation .
The quest by a group of math geeks to create a three - dimensional analogue for the mesmerizing Mandelbrot fractal has ended in success .
They call it the Mandelbulb .
The 3 - D renderings were generated by applying an iterative algorithm to a sphere .
The same calculation is applied over and over to the sphere ’s points in three dimensions .
In spirit , that ’s similar to how the original 2 - D Mandelbrot set generates its infinite and self - repeating complexity .
If you were ever mesmerized by the Mandelbrot screen saver , the following images are worth a look .
Each photo is a zoom on one of these Mandelbulbs .
Also , see our gallery of fractals in nature .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Tuesday Kickaround
* Columbus star Guillermo Barros Schelotto has agreed to a new contract with the Crew , the Insider has learned .
Schelotto , 36 , had considered returning to Argentina after the Crew sought to significantly lower his base salary , which was $ 650,000 last year .
No word yet on the structure of the new pact .
* Fox Soccer Channel is expanding into the world of HD !
Introducing FSC Plus , which is scheduled to launch March 1 .
* Soccer America reports that Eric Wynalda , one of America 's greatest scorers and perhaps its most outspoken , will serve as an assistant coach during the U.S. under - 20 national team 's tour in Mexico this month .
Wynalda has a USSF " A " coaching license .
* The number of cities to be included in the USA World Cup hosting bid for 2018 / 22 will be cut from 27 to 18 today .
ESPNews will provide some coverage after 3:30 p.m. ET .
* Here 's why American supporters should be happy that Algeria , a 3 - 0 loser to Malawi in its African Cup of Nations opener , is in the USA 's World Cup group :
Top Rooms 200 % up to € 1,500 Get £ 12 free , no deposit required Up to 300 € 200 % up to $ 2,000 125 % up to $ 500 first deposit bonus 50 $ welcome bonus
We 'll just come right out and say it : some people are into cartoon porn .
Heck , even if you 're not " into " it , you may have accidentally happened upon it just by running an innocent Google Image Search with SafeSearch turned off ( guilty as charged ) .
If you live in Australia , however , you may want to take extra care that your porn stash does n't contain cartoon imagery of children .
A man in Australia was recently convicted for possessing pornographic images depicting characters from The Simpsons and The Powerpuff Girls , and is now a registered sex offender .
Twenty - eight - year - old Kurt James Milner was turned into police for having questionable material on his computer in early 2008 , but due to technical difficulties , police were unable to retrieve information from his machine for more than a year .
Once they were able to do so , however , they found 64 sexually explicit images depicting characters from the aforementioned TV shows .
As many of you Simpsons fans know , there are numerous children who make regular appearances on the show , and they were apparently " not excluded from these images . ''
As it turns out , the Australian Supreme Court ruled in 2008 that sexually explicit illustrations of children qualify as child pornography .
Law enforcement agreed that Milner 's images fell into that category , and he eventually pleaded guilty to possession of child exploitation material and using the Internet to get it .
As a result , he was sentenced to a year in jail , but was wholly suspended for five years with a $ 1,000 bond for good behavior .
He is also registered as a sex offender .
Milner 's sentencing seems harsh , but this is neither his first conviction nor is it the first time an Australian court has gone after someone for possessing Simpsons porn .
As pointed out by the Queensland Times , Milner was convicted in 2003 after police found 59 real child porn images on his machine and received two years probation .
Though Milner defended his decision to go after the Powerpuff Girls instead by saying he thought they were " funny , " it 's clear that he tried to shift his focus ( uh , yeah ) to something he thought would be more legal .
" Although these offences involve cartoon characters it is nonetheless serious especially since he has a prior conviction for child exploitation material , " Crown Prosecutor Suzanne Cantatore said .
Another Australian was found guilty in 2008 of possessing a set of cartoons featuring Simpsons characters in which " sexual acts are depicted as being performed , in particular , by the ' children ' of the family . "
Although the justice acknowledged that there are obvious differences between the Simpsons and actual humans , he said that they at least represent a person enough to justify the conviction .
In that case , McEwan received a $ 3,000 fine and two years of court supervision .
The lesson here is clear : controversial or not , Australians should avoid underage cartoon characters when collecting clothing - optional illustrations if they want to stay out of trouble with the law .
For Palestinians , Every Day Is Kristallnacht
By Paul Craig Roberts
15 December , 2009
Vdare.com
“ Settlers attack West Bank mosque and burn holy Muslim books ” was a London Times headline on December 11 , 2009 .
These attacks , together with the demolition of Palestinian homes , the uprooting of Palestinians ’ olive groves , the innumerable checkpoints that prevent Palestinians from accessing schools , work , and medical care , the Israeli Wall that denies Palestinians access to the land stolen from them , and the isolation and blockade of the Gaza Ghetto , are part of the Israeli government ’s policy of genocide for the Palestinians .
The Israel Lobby has such power over America that even former President Jimmy Carter , a good friend of Israel , is demonized for using the polite term -- apartheid -- for the genocide that has occurred over the decades during which American “ Christian ” preachers , together with bought - and - paid - for politicians , justified Israel ’s policy of slow genocide for Palestine .
Israelis who still have a moral conscience - - a small part of the population -- endeavor to use moral protests against the inhumanity of the Israeli government .
Israelis Jeff Halper and Angela Godfrey - Goldstein lead the Israeli Committee Against House Demolition ( ICAHD ) , a non-violent , direct - action group established to oppose and resist Israeli demolition of Palestinian homes in the Occupied Territories .
Under international law an occupier by military force is forbidden to steal the occupied land .
The US , however , has protected Israel ’s violation of international law for decades by vetoing UN resolutions .
Israel has been able to steal Palestine from the Palestinians , because the US government used its power to prevent Israel from being held accountable under international law .
In March 2003 American citizen Rachel Corrie stood in front of an Israeli bulldozer , made by Caterpillar and sent to destroy a Palestinian home .
Her courageous act of defiance was regarded as an annoyance , and she was run over and murdered by the Israeli bulldozer operator .
Israel suffered no consequences for its murder of an American citizen who had a moral conscience .
In the Israeli - controlled American media , we hear endlessly that Palestinians are terrorists who strap on explosives in order to kill innocent Israelis and who terrorize Israeli towns by firing rockets into them .
One look at the maps above is enough to make clear who the real terrorist is .
The success of Israeli propaganda in the face of totally obvious facts damns the ignorance and unconcern of the American people .
The Israeli newspaper , Haaretz , which also has a moral conscience and is intelligent to boot , wrote on December 4 , 2009 : “ Every appointee to the American government must endure a thorough background check by the American Jewish community . ”
Haaretz notes that any American that the President of the United States proposes for an appointment to his government is subject to the approval of the Israel Lobby , which can blackball appointees at will .
Haaretz gives the example of Charles Freeman , whom President Obama intended to appoint as head of the National Intelligence Council .
The Israel Lobby proved , again , that it was more powerful than a mere American President and prevented the appointment , citing Freeman ’s “ anti-israel leaning . ”
In other words , because Freeman was not an overboard apologist for Israel ’s crimes he was unacceptable to the Israel Lobby .
Haaretz reports :
“ The next attempt to appoint an intelligence aide , in this case , former Republican senator Chuck Hagel , also resulted in vast criticism over his not having a pro-Israel record . ”
The Israel Lobby has blocked Hagel ’s appointment by President Obama .
Hagel does n’t want to start a war with Iran for Israel ’s benefit and was blackballed by Morton A. Klein , the president of the Zionist Organization of America .
Hagel , it seems , “ refused to sign a letter calling on then - president George Bush to speak about Iran ’s nuclear program at the G8 summit that year . ”
Now it is a Jewish daughter of a Holocaust survivor , Hannah Rosenthal , whose appointment to head the US Office to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism , an office that is another indication of America ’s puppet state status , is under attack .
Rosenthal was the head of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs during 2000 - 2005 .
Her black mark came from serving on the advisory board of the J Street Lobby , a recently - formed American Jewish organization formed in opposition to AIPAC ’s murderous militarism .
The Israel Lobby ’s opposition to Hannah Rosenthal shows that no moral person can survive the Israel Lobby ’s blackball .
The US , “ the world ’s only superpower , ” has no independent voice in Middle Eastern affairs .
The real power rests in the hands of the settler thug , Avigdor Lieberman , Deputy Prime Minister of Israel and Minister of Foreign Affairs .
This is the man who controls the Obama government ’s Middle East policy .
Lieberman forced the “ all - powerful President of the US , Barack Obama , ” to rescind his order to Israel to halt the illegal settler settlements on occupied Palestinian land .
Obama was given the bird and submitted to his master .
Macho Americans who prance around as if they owned the world are nothing but the puppets of Israel .
The US is not a country .
It is a colony .
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury during President Reagan ’s first term .
He was Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal .
After years of struggling to understand how to properly assemble a galaxy , astronomers have discovered that the answer is blowin’ in the wind .
The supernova wind , that is .
New computer simulations show that winds generated by supernovas , which are the explosions of massive stars , can push stars out from the center of a dwarf galaxy .
This simulation of supernova winds redistributes both ordinary matter and invisible dark matter in a way that almost perfectly matches observations of the way matter is distributed in actual dwarf galaxies .
Fabio Governato of the University of Washington in Seattle and his colleagues describe their simulations in the Jan. 14 Nature .
Previous attempts to model galaxy formation based on the highly successful theory of cold dark matter — which states that invisible material must account for 85 percent of the mass of the universe — have done “ an awesome job ” of explaining such global properties as where , when and how many galaxies should form , notes Governato .
But the models have failed to reproduce some of the key features of individual galaxies .
In particular , those simulations have produced galaxies whose centers are stuffed with too much dark matter and that are surrounded by a spherical distribution of stars that actual dwarf galaxies do n’t possess .
Dwarf galaxies , which are low - mass bodies with relatively uniform distributions of stars , are the most common type of galaxy in the neighborhood of the Milky Way .
Most of these earlier models included either a simplistic description of star formation or neglected star formation altogether .
“ Our simulations achieve the necessary resolution to follow the formation of individual star forming regions — dense clouds of gas containing the equivalent of 100,000 suns , ” says Governato .
Star formation is concentrated in the center of a galaxy , and because massive stars live for only a short time , they go supernova in the same region where they were born .
As a result , supernova winds are also concentrated in galaxy centers .
Governato ’s team showed that the supernova winds are intense enough to push both stars and star - forming clouds out of a dwarf galaxy ’s core .
Dark matter responds to gravity but is impervious to the winds .
As the stars exit the core , the dark matter there feels a smaller gravitational tug and expands outward .
In one fell swoop , the model ’s successful simulation of supernova winds not only reduces the density of the dark matter at the core but also does away with the spherical distribution of stars around the core , matching the properties of actual dwarf galaxies , Governato says .
Other studies have shown that supernova winds influenced the assembly of faraway dwarf galaxies that hark from the early universe , which had a chemical composition much simpler than today ’s , notes Till Sawala of the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics in Garching , Germany .
But the new simulations are the first to successfully apply supernova winds to the formation of nearby dwarfs , Sawala adds .
Successful simulations of supernova winds can help in understanding star formation because supernovas explode close to where massive stars are born .
At the same time , Simon White , director of the institute , notes that it ’s unclear exactly how the particular star - forming recipe used by Governato and his colleagues differs from those of other teams and why it ’s achieved such a good match with observations .
In another study , which is in press for the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , Sawala , White and their colleagues examine the effect of supernova winds in dwarf galaxies that are much smaller than those modeled by Governato and his colleagues .
The researchers show that supernova winds in those “ ultra - dwarf ” galaxies hamper star formation so much that the tiny galaxies are barely visible .
The finding could explain another long - standing discrepancy : Dark matter theory predicts a much higher abundance of tiny satellite galaxies around the Milky Way than has been observed .
Perhaps the galaxies are really there but have too few stars to be detected .
Images : Governato et al. / Nature 2010
See Also :
Another blogger has entirely misinterpreted my Huffington Post column this week about the president 's Afghanistan strategy .
Let me be perfectly clear about this .
I do not support the war , nor do I support escalating the war .
However , I do support making an attempt to repair one of the most colossal fuck - ups in the history of American foreign policy , and I only support this fix with very limited parameters and very significant caveats , most of which I outlined in the column .
I have no idea if 30,000 troops makes sense as a means to that end , or if entirely bugging out tomorrow will do the trick .
That 's the conundrum .
No one knows for sure .
I do know , however , that we kind of owe it to the Afghan people to at least try to clean up our mess before we bail out -- since , after all , we rushed in there guns blazing and nearly destroyed whatever crappy resources they had in the first place .
And one of the potentially horrific and unintended consequences was driving the Taliban and al - Qaeda into neighboring Pakistan : an unstable nation with nuclear weapons .
To that point , this blogger writes :
Let ’s deal with this ridiculous argument that if we do n’t send in the Marines the " terrorists " will somehow steal away Pakistan ’s nukes and explode them in the middle of Manhattan .
That 's absolutely not what I wrote or implied .
Clearly , the danger is the Taliban or another radical Islamic group overthrowing Pakistan 's government and thus seizing its nukes .
I thought this possibility has been mostly accepted by even anti-war liberals .
Pakistan 's nuclear weapons are n't speculative .
They 're real .
And the Taliban wants them .
Have n't we talked about this ?
This blogger also writes :
... Bob Cesca , the Huffington Post ’s bearded - progressive - in - residence , who starts off with the most familiar of the White House talking points : do n’t be surprised , you knew this was coming – that is , you would have known if you had listened during the campaign , because Obama always said Afghanistan had to be dealt with , etc. , ad nauseam .
You know , presenting a fact in a snarky tone does n't make the fact less real .
Fact : the president never promised to withdraw .
How is repeating this fact an unfair or out of bounds point to make ?
In fact , the only 2008 candidates who promised to withdraw were Dennis Kucinich and , I think , Ron Paul .
The progressive favorite for most of the primary campaign was John Edwards , who supported " finishing the job " in Afghanistan .
Four years earlier , both nominee John Kerry and 2004 progressive favorite Howard Dean supported finishing the job in Afghanistan .
Many progressive supporters also repeated the familiar mantra : Bush took is eye off Afghanistan in order to invade Iraq .
So in an admittedly general sense , Afghanistan has never been seriously opposed by mainstream progressives -- until , that is , President Obama opted to do what he always intended to do ( with the addition of a 2011 withdrawal pledge ) .
Would this apparent progressive backlash / backpedal on Afghanistan have taken place if it was President John Edwards or President Howard Dean ?
I have no idea .
But my entire Af - Pak - speech reaction should n't come as any surprise , since I was one of those progressive supporters cheering candidate Obama ( also candidates Kerry , Dean , Clinton , Edwards ) whenever they spoke of " finishing the job . "
But it 's become easy , for some reason , to bolster one 's progressive cred by attacking and misrepresenting anyone who even faintly endorses the president 's agenda , regardless of the endorser 's nuance or caution .
I mean , I 've been repeatedly clear about my opposition to the war and my opposition to an open - ended escalation -- and I was very clear that my very faint support could vaporize in a heartbeat if the situation cascades out of hand , politically or strategically .
Yet to read some of these reactions , you 'd think I had suddenly transformed into a Brundlefly chimera of Dick Cheney , Ted Nugent and R. Lee Ermey .
Sheesh .
Adding ...
Guess the candidate who wrote this :
After the horrific attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 awoke America to the danger of terrorism , making Americans more secure should have been our nation 's top priority .
[...]
Osama bin Laden and Taliban leader Mohammed Omar remain at large .
Far from being destroyed , terrorist network al - Qaida has dispersed and been reconstituted - with Osama bin Laden reported to have convened a terrorist summit in the Afghan mountains just last April .
The Taliban is again on the move , threatening the safety and security of whole swaths of Afghanistan . [...]
Before it is too late , we must take the steps that most agree will make us truly safer .
This will require forcefully challenging terrorism in a united effort with other nations , improving domestic security and enlisting Arab and Muslim countries ' support for the war on terror .
We 're not in this alone
To win the war on terror , we must be prepared to use the iron fist of our superb military .
These efforts must be aggressive and make better use of special - operations forces and CIA operatives .
That was Howard Dean from his official campaign website in 2004 .
Danger of terrorism ?
September 11 ?
Iron fist ?
CIA operatives ?
Winning the war on terror ?
I do n't recall progressives lining up to condemn Howard Dean 's hawkish position five years ago .
Today , President Obama is condemned as being Just Like Bush for daring to repeat the phrases " war on terror " and " September 11 " in a speech .
I just do n't get it .
Venezuela holds the largest oil reserves outside the Middle East
A new US assessment of Venezuela 's oil reserves could give the country double the supplies of Saudi Arabia .
Scientists working for the US Geological Survey say Venezuela 's Orinoco belt region holds twice as much petroleum as previously thought .
The geologists estimate the area could yield more than 500bn barrels of crude oil .
This assessment is far more optimistic than even the best case scenario put forward by President Hugo Chavez .
The USGS team gave a mean estimate of 513bn barrels of " technically recoverable " oil in the Orinoco belt .
Chris Schenk of the USGS said the estimate was based on oil recovery rates of 40 % to 45 % .
Petroleos de Venezuela SA ( PDVSA ) , Venezuela 's state oil company , has not commented on the news .
However , Venezuelan oil geologist and former PDVSA board member Gustavo Coronel was sceptical .
" I doubt the recovery factor could go much higher than 25 % and much of that oil would not be economic to produce " , he told Associated Press news agency .
Venezuela holds the largest oil reserves of any Opec country outside the Middle East .
Saudi Arabia has proven reserves of 260bn barrels .
Star Trek Supremacy is a 4 x space strategy game being developed by Mike Strobel .
It is a Non-commercial Open Source project that will be made available for free to the public .
The game is not licensed by the Star Trek franchise , it is a title being developed by an independent developer as an hobby .
Supremacy picks up from the classic Microprose title Star Trek Birth of the Federation , a.k.a.
Star Trek : BOTF .
Supremacy ’s intention is to be a BOTF ’s rightful successor .
Sometimes Supremacy is also known in the community as Star Trek Birth of Federation 2 ( BOTF2 ) .
Star Trek Supremacy is in Alpha stage and a playable release can be downloaded here .
Alpha Pre-release Impressions
You can play with the Humans , Cardassians , Klingon , Romulans and Dominian .
In this pre-release you are allowed to manipulate some variables to customize your map like Size , Star Density , Tech Level , Minor Races abundance , Planet density and galaxy shape .
After the choice of race and map variables are set the game is launched .
Galaxy Map and System Management
The Galaxy Map is very similar in style to the original BOTF , gridded and showing the star systems with “ fog of war ” .
You control systems and not individual planets , some which may have special bonuses like more energy output , more suitable for farming , etc .
You allocate production , research , intelligence and farming from a labor pool .
Each set of 10 population represent one labor unit that can be allocated into production .
There are many aspects that you need to control like the energy output , food consumption , industry output , research and intelligence being generated in the system .
One interesting aspect is that you need not only to allocate labor but you also need to guarantee that your structures keep powered in order for them to keep working .
In addition to production you also need to control the amount of resources being mined in the system .
These resources are : Dilithium , Deuterium , Raw materials and Personal .
All this resources will be essential to operate , build and crew your vessels later on .
Spaceships and Combat
There is no Ship design in Star Trek Supremacy .
The vessels are the ones of the Star Trek Universe : Federation Cruisers , Scout ships , Heavy Destroyers , Klingon Battle Cruisers , Federation Heavy Cruisers , etc. .
Combat is not yet implemented in this release but you can have a look into the video bellow to have a feeling of how spaceship combat will be like ( although these may be old , so may be already substantially improved by now ) .
Research
You can allocate the research points produced by your universities between 6 different areas or fields : Biotech , Energy , Computers , Propulsion , Construction and Weapons .
You manipulate how much research points you would like to spend over these 6 fields .
As far as I could tell all races share the same tech tree .
Diplomacy
The Diplomacy screens of Supreme are very clean and stick to the point .
There is an overview screen that gives a nice glimpse of communications between all your partners in a who - is - connected - with - who kind of feel .
You can make denounces , commend , make threats , make proposals and declare war .
In your proposals ( at least when playing with the Federation ) you can state demands ( for tribute for instance ) , treaties like free trade , affiliation ( free ship passage ) and membership ( ask the race if they want to join the Federation ) .
Wrap-up
The Alpha release I had access to ( 0.4.3427.36588 ) is very stable for the 65 turns or such that I played at least .
There are lots of missing information , content and many UI enhancements yet to be implemented for sure but albeit all of that I enjoyed playing .
Star Trek Supremacy is a very interesting project where many things are already in a very good shape and feel quite right .
I want to congratulate Mike and all his team for the extraordinary work they made so far .
The music for instance is very good .
The User Interface although based on the Star Trek theme and on the original BOTF , is very streamlined , easy to navigate and clean .
After constructing my first Dilithium mine and built my first Scout vessel I did some exploration in the vacinity where I found two Minor Races .
One of which accepted to become part of the Federation .
During this time I really felt like I was wandering around in the Star Trek Universe .
You can find more information about Star Trek Supremacy in the BOTF2 forums .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Post category : Games Under Development
Tom Hicks has agreed to sell the Texas Rangers to a group that includes Hall of Fame pitcher Nolan Ryan .
The sides announced Saturday night that they had finally reached an agreement , eight days after a 30 - day exclusive negotiating window expired .
The group is headed by Pittsburgh sports attorney Chuck Greenberg .
" Together , we have worked exhaustively since last month to attain this agreement , " Hicks said in a statement .
" It 's a complex business deal that positions the franchise positively for the future . "
The purchase price is expected to be more than $ 500 million US .
The next step is the deal has to be reviewed by baseball 's executive and ownership committees .
Then at least 75 per cent of baseball owners would have to approve the transfer of ownership from Hicks to Greenberg 's group .
A group of 40 lenders holding debt from Hicks Sports Group also has to approve .
Defaulted on loans
There is a chance the deal could be approved before the April 5 opener , though the process could continue into the season .
Hicks Sports Group defaulted early last year on $ 525 million in loans tied to the Rangers and the NHL's Dallas Stars , which Hicks has owned since 1996 .
Hicks has said that was a deliberate move to force lenders to renegotiate terms of the deals .
Hicks , who bought the Rangers in 1998 , put the team up for sale to help pay off or reduce that debt .
He has said he plans to keep his NHL team .
Greenberg has asked Hicks to continue his association with the Rangers as chairman emeritus .
" Nolan and I greatly appreciate Tom Hicks 's willingness to work beyond the deadline to complete the deal and his support for passing the torch from the Hicks family to our group , " Greenberg said .
" His actions speak eloquently to his commitment to serve the best interests of Rangers fans and the community . "
Land deal
In a separate transaction , Ballpark Real Estate , L.P. , an independent investment vehicle controlled by Hicks , will sell or transfer to the Greenberg - Ryan group approximately 62 of 79 hectares around Rangers Ballpark and Cowboys Stadium that is owned or controlled by Hicks .
In return , Hicks will receive cash , notes , and an ownership position in the team .
Hicks announced Dec. 15 that he was entering in exclusive negotiations with Greenberg , choosing that proposal over bids submitted by former sports agent Dennis Gilbert and Houston businessman Jim Crane , who at the end of the 2008 season attempted to buy the Houston Astros from Drayton McLane .
At one point before going into negotiations with Greenberg , Hicks was trying to put together a group of local investors for a bid in an effort to maintain controlling ownership of the team .
After the 30 - day exclusive negotiating window expired on Jan. 15 , Greenberg and Ryan issued a midnight statement saying they had " come too far to walk away now " and were prepared to work around the clock if that 's what it would take to reach a final agreement .
If the deal is approved by baseball , Greenberg will become managing general partner and CEO of the Rangers while Ryan will continue as team president , the position he assumed two years ago .
President Barack Obama gives a statement at the Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kaneohe , Hawaii December 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Hugh Gentry
MIAMI ( Reuters ) -
An effigy of President Barack Obama was found hanging in the rural hometown of former President Jimmy Carter , local media reported on Sunday , and the Secret Service said it was investigating the case .
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution newspaper , citing footage seen on WALB - TV , said the large black doll was found hanging from a building by a noose in front of a red , white and blue sign that said : “ Plains , Georgia .
Home of Jimmy Carter , our 39th President . ”
A witness told the television station that the doll , apparently discovered on Saturday , wore a sign with Obama ’s name on it .
In Washington , Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan confirmed the agency was investigating the case .
Governments rightly request the advice of scientists on matters of fact that affect the public good , from climate change to cancer screening .
Scientists must then assess available data and present recommendations based on the data .
But what is the role of scientists when politicians see these recommendations as inconvenient ?
In mid-November 2009 the United States Preventive Services Task Force ( USPSTF ) , which reviews scientific evidence to develop recommendations for the US health care community , revised their recommendations to say that women need not generally begin mammographic screening for breast cancer until age 50 [ 1 ] .
This revision , which brings the Task Force 's recommendations closer to those of the WHO , the UK , and the American College of Physicians , touched off a political firestorm in the US .
The new recommendations amounted to a change in the evidence - based rating on screening women between ages 40 and 50 from grade B ( recommended as likely to be of moderate benefit ) to grade C ( recommended against as a routine service , as net benefit is likely to be small , although there may be considerations that support providing the service in an individual patient ) .
The US news media erupted in reports that this change in rating had confused women , ignored expert opinion , and perhaps even revealed government intentions to ration health care .
Taken by surprise and facing potential embarrassment over an issue related to health care reform , the Obama administration distanced itself from the Task Force , with the Secretary of Health and Human Services commenting that its members had been appointed by the Bush administration .
The Task Force members , some of whom took exception to this categorization , stood by their findings but admitted that they might have done a better job of communicating them .
The Task Force , composed of primary care clinicians with expertise in disease prevention and evidence - based medicine and convened under the federal Agency for Health Research and Quality ( AHRQ ) , has been developing practical recommendations [ 2 ] since 1984 .
These recommendations can influence which preventive interventions US insurance plans will cover .
Established to be independent of shifting political winds and private interests , the Task Force provides a model for how comparative effectiveness research to improve the evidence base for practicing medicine can proceed in a country where the influence of commercial interests on clinical guidelines is an ongoing issue .
A few days after the recommendations ' release , Task Force Vice Chair Diana Petitti stated : “ So , what does this mean if you are a woman in your 40s ?
You should talk to your doctor and make an informed decision about whether mammography is right for you based on your family history , general health , and personal values ” [ 3 ] .
Nonetheless , within weeks of the November guideline announcement , the US Senate acted unanimously to amend its health care bill to repudiate the Task Force recommendation [ 4 ] .
One might argue that this action was necessary in the face of popular outcry to avoid irreversible damage to the greater goal of health care reform .
Yet the very health care bill that the Senate amended already included language providing that comparative effectiveness research should proceed not along the existing model of unbiased panels within AHRQ , but under a new nongovernment institute overseen by a committee of 19 members including six from the private insurance and pharmaceutical industries and potentially only one from AHRQ itself [ 5 ] .
It appears that the legislators , having found it politically advisable in the short term to second - guess the Task Force on the scientific evidence for breast cancer screening , were prepared in the long term to limit the role of unbiased experts in assessing medical evidence more broadly , apparently with an expectation that expanded input from the industries that profit most from health care would improve the process .
Surely evidence - based medicine deserves better than a push out of the frying pan of partisan politics into the fire of vested interests .
The US government was not the only one to find itself in political turmoil over the medical evidence base .
A few weeks prior to the USPSTF announcement , the UK Home Secretary asked David Nutt to resign as chair of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs [ 6 ] .
Nutt , a professor at Imperial College London , had given a lecture challenging the classification scheme that determines legal penalties for drug use in the UK , noting that the classification of some drugs does not reflect the evidence for their potential to cause harm .
( For example , harm ratings rank alcohol and tobacco as more harmful than the illegal drugs LSD , ecstasy , and cannabis [ 7 ] . )
Nutt subsequently commented , “ I have repeatedly stated [ cannabis ] is not safe , but that the idea that you can reduce use through raising the classification in the Misuse of Drugs Act from class C to class B — where it had previously been placed , but thus now increasing the maximum penalty for possession for personal use to 5 years in prison — is implausible ” [ 8 ] .
The Home Office , for their part , expressed “ surprise and disappointment over Professor Nutt 's comments which damage efforts to give the public clear messages about the dangers of drugs , ” and confirmed that “ we remain determined to crack down on all illegal substances and minimise their harm to health and society as a whole . ”
Here , as in the case of cancer screening in the US , the conflict appears to be less about the quality of the evidence than about how – and even whether – scientists are to communicate evidence on politically volatile topics to the public .
In an enlightened society , surely science must serve and enhance the public good , and even the best medical research will not attain this goal until its significance reaches policymakers and the public in a way that leads to improvements in health .
If science is to offer anything over opinion polls , scientists must report unbiased observations in an objective fashion , whether or not the data are comforting , expected , or even easily understood .
Scientists cannot selectively emphasize the aspects of their work that will meet with the widest approval , as politicians sometimes do .
Nonetheless , scientists — particularly those invited by governments to provide expertise — bear responsibility for communicating their work with sensitivity to its context and anticipated impact .
This kind of attention to public interpretation of their work may not be what many scientists are trained for or desire , but without it there seems little hope that scientific evidence — particularly when it conflicts with the goals of politicians — will emerge beyond barriers of indifference , suspicion , or even hostility and appropriately inform policy .
But however diligently scientists work to ensure the integrity of their work and the accuracy of its public perception , scientists alone cannot realize the potential of science to improve society .
For real progress to occur , those with power to implement change must act on the evidence .
Politicians must not ignore nor attempt to discredit legitimate science that does n't happen to support their political goals ; to do so erodes public trust not only in scientists but in politicians themselves .
In the case of health research , politicians must remember that society encompasses not only the corporate engines of economic growth and decline , but also individuals whose lives depend on the quality of health care data .
If governments are to engage in reform that improves health , and not only the economic structures through which health care is provided , those governments must develop and support systems to judge the quality of health research independent of vested interests and political expedience .
Informed citizens should expect and require their governments to continue inviting independent scientists on board , to heed their advice in navigating , and not to jettison scientific evidence when weathering a political storm .
Finale to " Stormy Weather " 1943 with Cab Calloway , Bill " Bojangles " Robinson , Lena Horne and the Nicholas Brothers
Any performer will tell you , the way you leave the audience is the way they 'll remember your act .
There 's no finale like the one in Stormy Weather .
As I said at the beginning of this program , I 'm constantly amazed at the " pop culture amnesia " that seems to be an epidemic today .
People have forgotten some of the greatest achievements of mankind … and what have they replaced it with ?
Infomercials , current events clowns , celebrity gossip and patently phony reality shows .
Now , I can already hear you saying …
" Well .
me and all my friends know about important stuff … all kinds of stuff ! "
Whenever I ask one of my archive interns what kind of music they listen to , I always get the same answer - " All kinds of music ! "
Then I ask , " Who 's your favorite country and western artist ? " or " What 's your favorite opera ? " and I get blank stares .
It turns out that " all kinds of music " means " acid house , electronica , trance , darkwave , eurobeat , speedcore , etc. " - a million different names for the same kind of music .
It is n't their fault that they 're ignorant of the cultural riches of the 20th century .
Big media has kept them in the dark so they can spoon feed them " pre-packaged , pasteurized entertainment product " .
The " good stuff " is all out there .
You do n't need a fancy shmancy archive .
All it takes is a " breadcrumb " , a clue , a YouTube video clip , an MP3 , a name to Google - and this wonderful world opens up like a flower .
It turns out that the world we live in is n't such a drab and dreary place after all !
But if you need reminding just how ignorant the world we live in can be , click through that Amazon link up there and look at the credits for the stars of " Stormy Weather " .
If you know who those people actually are , all you can do is slap your forehead and shake your head .
I hope I gave you some good " breadcrumbs " today .
Give me a few in return in the comments .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama ’s State of the Union speech to Congress could indicate how badly he wants a global warming bill , which opponents say will cost U.S. jobs and raise prices -- a scary prospect for politicians trying to ride out a horrible economy in an election year .
The Valero St. Charles oil refinery is seen during a tour of the refinery in Norco , Louisiana August 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Obama , who played a dramatic role in negotiating a nonbinding international climate change accord last month in Copenhagen , now faces a tough economic and environmental balancing act to win the climate change legislation in 2010 .
Administration officials insist it can be done despite the political difficulties in an election year .
“ President Obama and this administration ... expect that a comprehensive energy bill , which includes a climate portion , to be passed this year , ” Energy Secretary Steven Chu told reporters Wednesday .
For that to happen , Obama must put a “ job - creation focus ” on the bill to build a U.S. economy that would run more on alternative energy than dirty - burning coal and oil , said Daniel Weiss of the Center for American Progress .
“ The more specifics the better ” in the State of the Union speech , Weiss added .
On Friday , Obama announced new tax credits to encourage investments in clean energy development that he said would help combat climate change and create jobs .
“ This initiative is good for middle - class families .
It is good for our security .
It is good for our planet , ” Obama said .
A House - passed bill is floundering in the Senate , where Obama has to convince 60 of 100 members to back a bill .
In one area -- government incentives for expanding nuclear power -- Senate sources said progress has been made in closed - door talks in search of a “ sweet spot ” for a compromise on the legislation that they hope to pass in coming months .
Even so , Senate backers and environmentalists off Capitol Hill say they are uncertain of climate change victory in 2010 .
Difficult negotiations are expected between senators who want to require industries to cut their carbon emissions and those who see a climate bill as a vehicle for also helping domestic producers of nuclear power and oil and natural gas .
And , many Republicans are working hard to cast doubt on claims the climate change bill will create jobs .
Within the next few weeks , Senator Lisa Murkowski could force a Senate vote to stop the Environmental Protection Agency from regulating carbon emissions as a fallback if more comprehensive climate legislation is not enacted .
“ This is a vote about the economy , not about the climate -- whether these regulations will harm the economy , ” said a Senate Republican aide .
If Murkowski , whose state of Alaska is a major oil and gas producer , manages to get a strong vote , even if less than needed to pass her measure , some undecided Republicans and Democrats could have second thoughts about voting later this year on a more comprehensive climate bill .
SENATORS SEEKING COMPROMISE
Despite all the hurdles , a bipartisan group of senators is forging ahead on a bill to cut carbon emissions by utilities , refineries and factories over the next four decades by 17 percent from 2005 levels .
Senator John Kerry , who is leading the effort , expects to be recovered from surgery and back in Washington when the Senate reconvenes on January 20 , to huddle with independent Senator Joe Lieberman and Republican Senator Lindsey Graham , according to a spokeswoman .
The two are key to winning support from moderates and conservatives .
One Senate staffer said 17 pro-nuclear senators have had input into what could become a major provision of the bill aimed at luring Republican votes .
“ That part ( nuclear power ) ironically is in fairly good shape at this point . ”
While nuclear power plants do not emit the greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming , the industry has been weighed down by prohibitively high construction costs and controversy over nuclear waste storage .
Expanding domestic oil and gas drilling is another important goal for Republicans and that component of a climate bill is “ still 100 percent in flux , ” said the Senate source .
While producing more oil and gas here will do nothing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , it would reduce dependence on foreign oil and potentially lure Republican votes .
On the sidelines of the U.N. climate meeting in Copenhagen , Kerry left open the possibility that the core of the climate bill could be scrapped .
That is the “ cap and trade ” system for reducing carbon emissions through ever - dwindling pollution permits that could be traded on a new exchange .
A carbon tax and a “ cap ” without the “ trade ” component are among possibilities .
But for now , Kerry , Lieberman and Graham are sticking with cap and trade , aiming to quell nervousness over the scheme by including tougher market controls .
Ah , it 's that time of year again .
City workers putting up Christmas decorations .
Seasonal music piping through retail establishments .
Secular humanists resuming their annual plot to dismantle the fabric of American society .
That 's right , the annual war on Christmas -- or , rather , people screaming into megaphones about what they imagine to be a war on Christmas -- is under way .
The ungodliest of this year 's combatants is the Gap , which offended the American Family Association by daring to run advertising that does not prominently feature the word Christmas .
So a boycott was called against the Gap and sister chains Old Navy and Banana Republic .
Writes the AFA 's Buddy Smith :
A few days later , the Gap issued a new holiday ad that features a cloying group of young people engaging in a dance routine with a chant that mentions Christmas , Hanukkah , Kwaanza and the winter solstice .
It ends : " Happy Whateveryouwannakah . "
Maybe not exactly Clio Award material , but hey , it 's just an ad , right ?
Nope , still not enough for the AFA , which decried it as " completely dismissive and disrespectful to those who celebrate the meaning and spirit of Christmas ...
" If this is Gap 's answer to recognizing Christmas , we are deeply disappointed . "
The Dallas Republican Examiner 's Victor Medina was similarly unimpressed with the new ad :
I do n't have a business degree , but is n't that kind of the point of retail ?
Never mind .
The Los Angeles Times ' Dan Neil points out the hypocrisy of the AFA 's position :
For a few years in high school and college , I worked retail .
During the holiday shopping season -- sorry , Christmas shopping season -- I would stand at a register for eight hours a day and say the following thing : " Thank you very much .
Happy holidays . "
One time , a woman corrected me .
" You mean merry Christmas , " she said .
I stared blankly at her for a second , then temporarily broke out of my drone - like stupor to calmly explain , " No , I actually meant ' happy holidays ' .
You see , there is a holiday one week after Christmas , New Year 's Day , and I was merely expressing my sincere wish that both of these occasions fill you with merriment , ma'am . "
So there .
By saying " happy holidays , " I was not , in fact , participating in the war on Christmas .
I was merely doubling the holiday well - wishing .
If I had my wits about me at the time , I would have accused the customer of engaging in a war on New Year's .
But I digress .
I have to say , this year 's attempt to get people angry about the war on Christmas is pretty lame .
The Gap ?
Really , is that the best the AFA can do ?
No baby Jesuses getting evicted from government land this year ?
Wait , here we go .
Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear got a steady stream of phone calls and e-mails when his administration mentioned the lighting of a holiday tree rather than a Christmas tree .
Also , in Massachusetts , an elementary school ordered all references to holidays removed from items in an annual fundraiser , which was enough for Fox News to declare that the opening salvo in this year 's war on Christmas had been fired .
Except the school is banning all holiday items , which means it's also participating in the war on Hanukkah , the war on Kwaanza , etc .
So the so - called battle rages on , with ever less fanfare .
Last word goes to Mary Elizabeth Williams at Salon :
E-mail Troy Reimink : treimink@grpress.com
It ’s the gift that keeps on giving !
News of the ETS defeat has spread far and wide .
Not only have we sunk the domestic ETS , but the UK Telegraph reports that our actions might scupper any remaining vestiges of a chance of a deal at Copenhagen :
Australia has dealt a major blow to any international deal on climate change ahead of the Copenhagen summit by failing to introduce new laws to control pollution .
The carbon trading bill , which has been rejected by parliament , would have set up one of the world ’s biggest “ cap and trade ” markets .
The scheme works by limiting the amount of greenhouse gases industry can produce and forcing them to pay money for any extra emissions by trading with other companies .
But the Australian Senate , that is already deeply divided over the science of climate change , voted down the new legislation .
It is not only damaging to Kevin Rudd , the country ’s Prime Minister , but could scupper efforts to control greenhouse gases on a wider scale at the UN climate conference in Copenhagen later this month .
Mr Rudd was seen as a leading advocate of tackling climate change on the world stage and was on his way back from a meeting with President Obama on the issue when news of the defeat came through .
…
Frank Jotzo , an Australian National University expert on international climate change negotiations , said the failure of Australia to introduce legislation will make developing countries less likely to agree to cut their own emissions .
“ It ’s not like the talks will stall because of the lack of an Australian emissions trading scheme , ” he said .
“ But if the legislation had been passed , that would have sent a very positive signal internationally and , in particular , to developing countries . ”
A court in Abu Dhabi has jailed 13 Syrians for trafficking Moroccan women to the United Arab Emirates to work as prostitutes .
Seven men were given life sentences .
Five other men and one woman were jailed for 10 years each .
According to court documents , the women - some as young as 19 - had been lured with the promise of well - paid work .
One man - described as the ringleader - escaped to Syria and was sentenced to life in prison in absentia .
An Ethiopian maid was sentenced to two months in jail .
The women were told they had to work as prostitutes to pay back the money it had allegedly cost to bring them from Morocco .
They said they had been locked up , beaten , starved and then chauffeured under guard to clients in hotels and homes .
Abu Dhabi police raided three flats after one of the women escaped from a villa in Al Bateen , where she was being held , in October last year .
When asked by Ed Schultz what the Congress can do after this horrible Supreme Court ruling that corporations have the same free speech rights as average citizens Dennis responds with this :
Kucinich :
Well one of the things I 'd like to see done is repeal corporate personhood .
They get ... the corporations in America get a free ride .
They 're able to escape taxes .
They do n't have the same responsibilities as real people have .
We need to challenge corporations hold on the political process , repeal corporate personhood and we also need to look at what we can do to go around the Buckley v. Valeo ruling or this other ruling to put strong controls on campaign spending .
And in addition to that , we have to I think have public financing of Congressional races because if you do n't ... it 's either private financing of the races and then the government 's owned by private interests , or it 's public financing and then it's government and the public interest .
That 's really going to be the choice that we 're going to have after this Supreme Court ruling .
Amen Dennis .
From the Representatives office today -- Kucinich Denounces Supreme Court Decision in Citizens United Case :
“ I got the wrong color can of Axe , ” Ms. Swedelson said .
“ Holy cow . ”
Each bottle signifies something to tweens , who are excruciatingly aware of brand image .
George Carey , head of Just Kid Inc. , a market research firm , said , “ More of the brands that market to kids are doing so by trying to own a human value or characteristic . ”
LIKE the Sorting Hat from the Harry Potter books , the bottles and cans telegraph how a boy can sort and identify himself .
Old Spice advertisements for its
Swagger line featured the rap star LL Cool J as a nerd in school , then being transformed into his fabulousness by you - know - what .
Anthony ’s Body Essentials are available in Energy , Strength , Spirit and Courage .
Abercrombie & Fitch ’s popular cologne : Fierce .
Why does Jake Guttenberg , a Manhattan seventh grader , use an Axe spray ?
“ I feel confident when I wear it , ” he said .
Lyn Mikel Brown , a psychologist at Colby College and an author of a new book , “ Packaging Boyhood , ” said the products gave boys the mere illusion of choice .
In fact , she said , they often preach an extreme , singular definition of masculinity — at a time developmentally when boys are grappling uneasily with identity .
“ These are just one of many products that cultivate anxiety in boys at younger and younger ages about what it means to man up , ” Ms. Brown said , “ to be the kind of boy they ’re told girls will want and other boys will respect .
They ’re playing with the failure to be that kind of guy , to be heterosexual even . ”
Even when advertisements are supposed to be crudely humorous or satiric about masculinity — approaches recommended by market researchers to reach high school boys — younger boys take them more literally , Ms. Brown said .
If you loved the Bamford Black Rolex Watches we wrote about a while back but do n't have quite enough coin to pick one up , consider one of these Black DLC Rolex Watches ( $ 6,000 and up ) .
For roughly half the price of the Bamford , you can get a Submariner , Sea -Dweller , Explorer II , GMT - II , or Milgauss , all of which have been treated using an advanced process to apply a super - hard , military - grade " Diamond Like Carbon " coating that gives the watches their unique stealth black finish .
THE FRONTMAN FALLACY , FEMINISM , AND MEN'S RIGHTS
by Peter Zohrab
( i) Background
" The Frontman Fallacy " is a term I invented myself .
What happened was that someone on the Usenet newsgroup alt .mens - rights asked for help in devising a term .
The term was to encapsulate the wrongheadedness of a common Feminist assumption .
This was the assumption that the fact that men held most of the positions of power in the world meant that men ruled the world principally for their own benefit -- i.e. they " oppressed " women .
My suggestion , which was accepted by the person who had asked for the help , was " The Frontman Fallacy " .
So the Frontman Fallacy is the mistaken belief that people ( men , specifically ) who are in positions of authority in democratic systems use their power mainly to benefit the categories of people ( the category of " men " , in particular ) that they belong to themselves .
( ii ) Exposition
Kate Millett is a very important name in the intellectual history of modern Feminism .
I 'd like here to examine Millett 's basic assumptions a bit more closely than she herself does .
" If one takes patriarchal government to be the institution whereby that half of the populace which is female is controlled by that half which is male , the principles of patriarchy appear to be twofold : male shall dominate female , elder male shall dominate younger " ( Millett , Kate ( 1972 ) : " Sexual Politics " .
London : Abacus .
Page 25 ) .
That is Kate Millett 's definition of patriarchy .
The crucial point , as I see it , is the notion of " control " .
What Millett means by this term is made clear as follows :
" ... our society ... is a patriarchy .
The fact is evident at once if one recalls  that the military , industry , technology , universities , science , political office , and finance -- in short , every avenue of power within the society , including the coercive force of the police , is entirely in male hands " ( ibid , page 25 ) .
It is a good rule of thumb that , if you want to look for the weaknesses in someone 's argument , you look for sentences starting with words such as " evident " , " evidently " , " obvious " , or " obviously " .
These are precisely the weak assumptions that the writer / speaker needs to prop up with confident - sounding language .
In this case , the weakness is that the fact of a large number of males in these professions does not logically imply that they are " controlling " women any more than they are controlling other men .
Men make up the majority in many very low - status occupations , as well as in the high - status ones .
More importantly , if the " coercive force of the police " is directed mainly at women , why is it men who constitute the overwhelming majority of those who are arrested by the police ?
The general point is that Feminists assume that men always promote their own interests over those of women .
This is not , in fact , true .
But , on the other hand , it does seem to be true that , when Feminazis score some political victory , they almost always use their newly - won power to benefit females exclusively .
This is because of their persecution - complex .
You could even argue that democratic countries are actually matriarchies , and that male politicians are the paid servants of the Feminists .
The litmus test would then be whether the ( mainly male ) politicians enacted legislation that favoured men's interests more than women 's interests .
And the history of the last two hundred years in the West is peppered with examples of mainly male governments enacting legislation that benefited women more than men .
It is true that most decision - makers in society 's political institutions have tended to be men .
But they have not usually acted solely in men's interests , or solely to the detriment of women 's interests .
To the contrary -- they have tended to act severely against men's interests , and in favour of women 's interests .
For this there are two reasons :
The male decision - makers are subject to pressure from indiv idual women ( friends , family members , etc. ) , as well as from female pressure - groups .
Feminism has created the sloga n " The Personal is Political " , and this has turned many a bedroom into a battleground , facing many male decision - makers with a choice between their marriage and their principles .
Does the name of Hilary Clinton ring any bells in this regard ?
As far as pressure - groups are concerned , it must be remembered that Men's Rights pressure - groups are few and far between , so pressure groups in the gender area have essentially been just women 's pressure - groups .
So male decision - makers receive an overwhelmingly one - sided tide of pressure in this area .
Feminism has tacked itself onto the back of the Left in general , and Marxism , in particular .
This is the part of the politicl spectrum which loves to use the word " oppression " .
It is certainly correct that various ethnic and social groups " oppress " other ethnic and social groups all over the world -- to various degrees , and in different ways .
But the relationship between men and women is a much more cooperative one than the relationship between ethnic groups -- because men and women ( still ) need each other to produce and raise families .
Ethnic groups are not usually so indispensible to each other .
So applying the " oppression " model to male - female relationships has only been feasible academically by bullying intelligent men into acquiescence -- by making them fear for their careers or their marriages if they disagreed publicly .
So the field of Women 's Studies has been isolated from the need to become really academic , rather than purely polemical .
In fact , there is an actual contradiction between the Marxist and Feminist approaches to the notion of political power .
Marxism defines a " Capitalist " as someone who makes money * from * money -- i.e. by directly or indirectly making money from other people 's work , rather than from his / her own productive work .
Capitalists use their money to influence the political system -- including the decision - makers , who are usually not Capitalists themselves .
Marxists do not point to the class that a decision - maker comes from as evidence that they make decisions in favour of that particular class .
Marxists would regard that approach as rather naive and simplistic .
Feminism , by contrast , relies heavily on the Frontman Fallacy .
Feminists point to the numbers of male decision - makers as evidence that the political system works in favour of men .
This approach is naive and simplistic , and it has only been popularised because of the lack of intellect , of objectivity and of male input in the Gender Studies area .
Men are an oppressed minority in western society today .
They are a genuine minority , of course -- unlike women , who are " dressed up " by Feminists as an oppressed minority .
The comparison of women with oppressed minorities has generally been done in a completely unbalanced way .
There has been a biased hunt for similarities between women and genuine minority groups .
The obvious differences between women and genuinely oppressed minorities , on the other hand , have been determinedly overlooked .
There do exist objective reasons for the recent changes in male - female relationships : the contraceptive pill , home labour - saving devices , and the mechanization of the workplace came along .
These changes made it very probable that women would enter the workplace in much greater numbers , and many changes have occurred as a result of this fact .
Feminist propaganda has facilitated this process .
By dressing women up as an oppressed minority , Feminists have been able to obtain a lot of privileges for women -- in addition to the ones they already enjoyed as a result of male chivalry .
Feminists believe their own lies .
They never seek equality with men in areas where men are at a disadvantage in society , compared to women .
Many Feminists are ruthless in using their positions of power to advance the Feminist cause .
Until all that changes , it is not necessarily a good thing for even more women to be allowed into positions of even greater power .
( iii ) Feminazism
One popular American talk - back host , Rush Limbaugh , uses the term " Feminazi " .
I thought I had invented this term myself , when I used it in a lecture at a conference on " Language and Society " at Victoria University , in Wellington , New Zealand , in May 1990 .
I had also previously used the term in a broadsheet I had circulated among members of the Equal Parental Rights Society , in New Zealand .
I do n't know if the American usage originated with me , or arose independently .
Whoever invented it , it may seem exaggeratedly polemical to compare Feminists with Nazis .
The reason for doing so is to point out the intolerance of many Feminists , and the way they have brainwashed people into being unable to contemplate a non-Feminist view on many issues .
" ... the incubus of feminist casuistry demands that all men must be thought to be identical .
At the heart of the incubus , as in the heart of all forms of totalitarian prejudice , is the insistence that they are all the same -- Jews , Muslims , blacks , Scots - - and men .
For all its decorations of scholarship , its titles , its fellowships and its study centres , the philosophical drive of modern feminism comes down to a barbarous and totalitarian simplicity : men are all the same and , in their very masculinity , they share an inherent evil . "
( Lyndon , Neil ( 1992 ) : " No More Sex War : The  Failures of Feminism . "
London : Sinclair - Stevenson .
Page 39 )
" JANE FONDA : `I still believe that women are the superior sex . '
This line came from a profile of Fonda published by the colour magazine of the Los Angeles Times in the autumn of 1989 . "
( Lyndon , op.cit. page 40 )
The above quotations show the similarity in the thinking of Feminazis and Nazis proper .
Frank Zepezauer , in his column in " The Liberator " newspaper of March 1994 , listed many points of similarity between Feminazis and Nazis .
I wo n't mention all of the similarities that Zepezauer lists .
One that is worth mentioning , however , is blood guilt .
Just as the Nazis thought that any Jew was guilty just because he was a Jew -- so
" A young man innocent of the ' sexism ' of his fathers is guilty because he is a man , a born misogynist and rapist whose dangerous propensities must be vigilantly monitored and controlled . " ( ibid , page 20 )
Another similarity is that the Nazis thought that certain categories of people ( homosexuals and the physically and intellectually handicapped ) were unworthy of life .
Most Feminists believe that all unborn children who are unwanted by their mothers are unworthy of life .
The final heading in Zepezauer 's list of similarities is " Holocaust II " .
These are his concluding remarks under this heading :
" At the last count , which ended about 1960 , the victims of the Nazi Holocaust numbered about eight million of whom six million were Jews .
So far , since the inception of legalized abortion , about thirty million unborn children have been sacrificed to maternal choice .
And we are still counting . " ( ibid , page 21 )
( iv ) Outline of Men's Issues
Here is an outline of the kinds of issues which many people in the Men 's Movement would like to see some action on .
A. INFORMATION ISSUES
Information issues are basic to the success or failure of the Men's Movement .
We have to be able to get our point of view across despite an intellectual climate where women are generally considered to be the victims of male oppression in an evil patriarchy .
1. Media Bias
Anti-male bias in the media must be monitored and records kept .
Complaints must be lodged where appropriate , and publicity given to the complaints .
2. Teacher Bias
Teacher unions usually have separate female officers on their executives and at branch level .
These often use member funds to circulate Feminist propaganda , which then gets passed on to students and parents .
This propaganda sometimes gets discredited later ( e.g. the theory about boys dominating coeducational classrooms ) .
3. Men's Studies
Women 's Studies departments at universities act as centres of Feminist propaganda - writing , and also as headquarters for Feminist activism within the university community .
Some U.S. universities already have Men's Studies departments , but Men's Rights activists should push for every university to have one , in order to counter Feminist influence .
4. Ministry of Men's Affairs
For the same reasons that men need Men's Studies departments in universities , men also need a Ministry of Men 's Affairs in all countries ( such as New Zealand ) where a Ministry of Women 's Affairs exists .
B. LEGAL ISSUES
Legal issues are second in importance to Information issues in the Men 's Movement .
In fact , one of the main reasons for pushing the information issues is to achieve our goals as regards legal issues such as the following .
5. Divorce Law
This should cease to discriminate against men in areas such as child - custody and false child abuse and domestic violence accusations in the Family Court .
6. False Accusations
People making false accusations ( such as accusations of rape ) should be prosecuted as a matter of course and police policy , and the penalties should be made equivalent to the penalties involved in the type of crime that the false accusation related to .
7. Sex Abuse and false memories
A balance needs to be achieved between the needs of society to protect itself against sex abusers , and the need to protect innocent people from adults ' false memories of supposed abuse in childhood .
8. Domestic Violence
The anti-male hysteria surrounding this issue must be removed by publicising statistics showing that women batter men just as often as men batter women , by encouraging battered men to come forward , and by educating police and public to take a more balanced view of this issue .
More research must be done and publicised into the causes of domestic violence , as it is presented as if men beat their wives for no reason at all .
The problem is that Feminists have been pushing the legal systems of Western countries towards a situation where women can successfully plead provocation in crimes against men , while men cannot ever plead provocation in crimes against women .
9. Law of Evidence
The restrictions on defence lawyers in rape trials must be removed , in order to safeguard the rights of innocent defendants .
It is up to judges and juries , not parliament , to decide what evidence is relevant in a given case .
10 . Syndromes and legal defences
Men must campaign against the creation of women - only defences and men-only crimes .
Feminists have been steadily working towards the goal of getting all women treated as innocent victims , no matter what they have done -- and all men treated as criminals , no matter if they are innocent .
11 . Rape
The definition of rape must be restricted , and all attempts to expand the definition of rape to include anything a woman might afterwards wish she had n't done should be strenuously resisted .
12 . Police Bias
Instances of anti-male police bias must be recorded , filed , protested about , and brought to the attention of the media and the public .
13 . Infanticide
Infanticide by women should be punished just as severely as infanticide by men .
14 . Conscription
Conscription in wartime should be on the same basis , regardless of gender .
Laws to this effect should be drawn up in peacetime , just in case a war occurs again .
The argument that war should be avoided is a mere excuse , and should be seen to be such .
Wars should be avoided if possible , but you can't stop someone attacking you by taking a pacifist line .
15 . Military Service
Military service should involve both males and females on an equal basis .
Any alternative civilian service should also be available to both sexes on the same basis .
16 . Choice for Men ( Abortion )
A father should legally have an equal say with the mother in any decision to abort , or not abort their child .
This is particularly important if the father is to be forced to contribute to the child 's upkeep -- whether he actually lives with the mother , has custody or access rights , or not .
17 . Abortion
Notwithstanding the issue of Choice For Men , there is a natural tendency for Men's Rights activists to see abortion as yet another way that women can issue a contract to kill with impunity .
C. OTHER ISSUES
18 . Men's Health and Longevity
Equal funds should be allocated to research , prevention , information and treatment relating to male - only diseases ( such as prostate cancer and testicular cancer ) as to female - only diseases .
19 . Sports Apartheid
Since Feminists favour Equal Employment Opportunity and oppose separate men's clubs , the sexual apartheid system in non-contact sports should be abolished , e.g. female tennis players should play in the same competition as men players -- for the same prizes .
20 . Circumcision
Circumcision is genital mutilation , and should be campaigned against by all those who are opposed to female circumcision .
21 . Family Structures
Combatting Crime by promoting the two - parent , one - income family .
Feminism is hostile to the traditional two - parent , one - income family , which is associated with stable societies with low crime - levels .
There is a mass of evidence associating increased numbers of single - parent families with increased crime .
22 . Affirmative Action and Quotas
These should either be abolished altogether , or applied across - the - board , including areas where women are underrepresented , but where Feminists have made no move to increase women 's representation , e.g. prison populations , suicide rates , wartime death - rate , life - expectancy , medical spending , etc . .
This across - the - board fairness would logically have to apply to ethnic minorities as well -- some ethnic groups do better than the majority on these statistics , and some do worse .
Thanks so much .
Your explanation is brilliant .
Easy to follow .
Better than apple support itself . :)
OS X comes with a free application called ‘ Preview ’ that will open automatically whenever you click on a pdf file .
Preview can edit and merge pdf files but the official Apple instructions are not quite right .
Here ’s how to do it depending on which version of OS X that you have .
The basic concept for merging 2 pdf files is the same for whatever version of OS X you have .
You open the first file , view the page thumbnails , then drag the second file into the first file and save the new file .
Exactly how this works varies depending on which version of OS X that you have .
Apple have changed the details a few times .
Sometimes there ’s a green plus sign to indicate the merge .
Sometimes there ’s a grey border .
If you do n’t get it right the 2 files will not merge .
You need to read the directions for the exact OS version that you have .
( To find out which version of OS X you have just go to the Apple Menu and click ‘ about this mac . ’ )
Please click on the version of OS X that you have to find out how to merge a pdf file :
How to merge PDF files in High Sierra ( 10.13 ) ( 2018 )
How to merge PDF files in El Capitan ( 10.11 ) ( 2015 )
How to merge PDF files in Yosemite ( 10.10 ) ( 2014 )
How to merge PDF files in Mavericks 10.9 ( 2013 )
How to merge PDF files in Mountain Lion 10.8 ( 2012 )
For all versions of OS X prior to Mountain Lion ( 10.7 and earlier ) just follow the instructions below .
Here ’s how to join two or more pdf files together using Preview in OS X 10.7 and earlier :
1 Open the pdf file in preview .
2 . Open the thumbnail view ( Shift - âŒ˜ - D )
3 . Drag a second pdf ON TOP OF an existing page thumbnail .
When you drag in step 3 it must drag to on top of the thumbnail , as in over it , not above it .
This is a bit hard to explain , the best way to grasp the concept is to look at the pictures below .
Can you notice that the thumbnail on the right has an extra grey border compared to the thumbnail on the left .
The grey border indicates that the files are merging .
WRONG WAY :
If you drag the new pdf file underneath the existing pdf they are not merged .
RIGHT WAY : Drag the new pdf file overlapping an the existing page and they will merge into one – creating one pdf document out of the two .
( Notice the extra grey border compared to the left photo . )
.
.
.
SUMMARY : To combine two separate PDF files into one document you need to drag the new pdf ON TOP OF an existing thumbnail until the grey border appears – then it will merge the two pdfs together .
( You can then save the new merged pdf . )
If you drag it into the sidebar but not on top of an existing page the new file will be added as an external link – not merged into the original pdf document .
Published Date : March 2008 .
Last Updated : Dec 2017 .
Read on for how to do it step by step .
Gay New Hampshire Democratic Party Chair Ray Buckley was called a " faggot " by the host of a well - known New Hampshire right - wing radio show yesterday .
NH Political Report via Blue Hampshire :
After his radio show " Meet the New Press " ended today , GraniteGrok.com co-founder Doug Lambert looked into a live web - streaming camera , mockingly wished state Democratic Party Chairman Ray Buckley a Happy Birthday and then called Buckley a " faggot " before basically wishing him dead .
… After co-host Skip Murphy said that he should probably shut off the feed , Lambert looked into the camera and said , " Speaking of gays , Happy Birthday Ray Buckley .
Are you going to Holland or taking another trip with your buddies ? "
He then dances in a way meant to mock a gay male and says : " Yeah you Faggot .
[ Pause . ]
That 's right I said it and I meant it .
You are reprobate .
How the people , the Democrats , I think of some of the gray haired ladies and older people from the old party would stand behind you is beyond me .
You are a disgrace to yourself to humanity to mankind and to your party .
" Other than that Happy Birthday Ray and many more — not , " Lambert continued before the feed was quickly shut off .
Lambert 's remarks were condemned by Rep. Jim Splaine : " Ray Buckley has put up with a lot since he let others know he is gay .
All of us who are openly gay are at times on the receiving end of such
disgusting comments .
Some of us receive hate mail or calls for what we
do on our fight for equality .
But in this case , Ray and the many
others who have worked hard this year and in years past to achieve
marriage equality in New Hampshire have a louder voice than this
GraniteGrok co-host character .
The majority of people in New Hampshire
are on the side of equality and love , not hate and discrimination . "
Lambert apologized soon after the slur , but not before NH - 01 Congressman Jeb Bradley ( R ) and current GOPer NH - Sen explorer Ovide Lamontagne , who were on his show today , distanced themselves .
Said Lambert : " To be blunt , what I said is something that never should have been said
in any kind of a public setting , or , quite frankly , in a private one
either .
Being human , and an honest person that is used to freely
speaking my mind , my passion got the best of me . "
Police say a 73 - year - old cyclist killed on a highway south - east of Adelaide was run over by at least six trucks .
The man was cycling on the Dukes Highway , five kilometres west of Coonalpyn on Monday night .
Inspector Philip Newitt from the major crash investigation branch says three truck drivers have provided information to police , but other truck drivers could be interstate and unaware of the investigation .
He says police want to speak to truck drivers who had radio discussions about what happened .
" Some of the witnesses we have spoken to thus far have stated to police that discussion on the high frequency radio centred on a man riding a bike near Coonalpyn , " Inspector Newitt said .
" It is obviously great that truck drivers are warning each other of potential dangers and we certainly encourage that .
We would like to take that a step further and for those truck drivers to come forward . "
It ’s been a wonderful journey this year with tons of great craft beer from all over the country .
We have listed 40 craft beers that were available in bottle starting 2009 , and we ’d like you to pick the best one .
This should be a close one , with so many stellar brews to pick from .
YOU CAN WRITE IN A VOTE for a beer not listed .
Voting ends January 22nd at 8 PM Eastern Time .
Please have fun and please no cheating .
[ poll id = ” 14 ″ ]
You have encountered an unexpected error .
Please try again .
If the error continues , please notify the Legislative Information Center at support@leg.wa.gov
WASHINGTON  A senior Iraqi official said Wednesday that he had ordered an investigation into whether top officials of Blackwater Worldwide approved of bribes to Iraqi government officials after shootings by Blackwater guards in 2007 left 17 Iraqi civilians dead .
In an interview with CNN , Iraq ’s interior minister , Jawad al - Bolani , said that his ministry was beginning an investigation that was prompted by a report in The New York Times on Tuesday that top Blackwater officials approved cash payments intended to silence criticism and win support for the company after the shootings in Nisour Square in Baghdad .
The Times article reported that former Blackwater executives who learned of the plans said they did not know whether the money was , in fact , delivered to Iraqi officials .
Mr. Bolani said he had asked the appropriate commanders to prepare a report about the accusations and to follow up on the matter , CNN reported .
A mere three days after the attempted bombing of flight 253 , Obama , well - rested from his Hawaiian vacation , strutted up to a microphone and told the world , “ We ’re in an emergency ! ! ! ”
The emergency was that we were n’t afraid enough .
Despite the fact that air travel is the safest method of travel per passenger mile , the only thing that would keep us truly safe was something that would strip us naked in front of airport security , shoot us full of radiation , and possibly store our biometric information .
You know , a full - body scanner .
The astonishing thing was that hardly anyone in the mainstream media mentioned that a full - body scanner would not have been able to detect the chemical Abdulmutuallah brought onto the plane with him .
Full - body scanners only detect things that are high density , like metal or wax , not things that are low density , like chemicals or plastics .
That is the entire idea behind the full - body scanner : its waves pass through lower density clothes to show the higher density body .
So , if the motivation of the people pushing for these things is n’t actually to protect us , what is it ?
Well , it ’s to take power from us , and to give it to themselves , naturally .
That is n’t , however , something that the American people typically like , so let ’s take a closer look at these scanners and see just how angry the American people should be .
Aside from not being able to detect low density objects , full - body scanners also can’t detect objects inside a body .
Only a few months ago Abdullah Asieri proved that this is a danger by concealing a bomb inside himself while trying to assassinate the Saudi Arabian head of counterintelligence .
Even with the TSA ’s additional purchases , there will still also be hundreds , if not thousands , of airports with commercial airline flights inside the US that have no scanners .
The United States alone has over 15,000 airports , and approximately 600 airports certified to serve commercial aircraft with nine or more seats .
Worldwide , there are hundreds of airports that help bring over fifty million people into this country a year .
The US currently has 40 scanners in 19 airports .
If the new scanners are installed in the same ratio , even if the TSA installs all 300 new scanners that it plans to buy , and the 150 that it simply allows to lay dormant , they will still only cover roughly 225 airports , barely making a dent in the total number of airports that have flights inside the US .
This of course does n’t even address the fact that the TSA says they may actually deliver only 300 of the 450 scanners in 2010 .
Cost is another issue .
Obama directed Homeland Security to purchase $ 1 billion worth of advanced - technology equipment for screening at airports .
Each scanner only costs $ 150,000 , so Homeland Security clearly wo n’t be using all that money to just buy scanners .
We do n’t know exactly what they will be using it for , but we do know that it will be going into the pockets of the defense - industrial complex .
We could be using that money on more important things , like bailing out banks , or one bank , … one teenie weenie bank .
The scanners are also invasive .
They take detailed nude pictures of everyone who walks through them : the old , the young , everyone .
The images are so graphic that the British Department of Transport confirmed that images of people under eighteen may be considered “ child porn . ”
TSA officials claimed that images of genitals would be blurred out , but in October of 2008 , an Office of Transport official in Australia said that they would not blur out the genitals because it “ severely limits the detection capabilities . ”
Last week , scanners in use in the UK made images of people ’s genitals that were “ eerily visible . ”
Do we really think the TSA will be any different once the spotlight is off them ?
Also , although a patch is put on the image of a person to distort its color , another patch can easily be put on the image to convert it into a clear black and white picture .
It also seems likely that these machines , although they might not do it now , are capable of measuring and storing our biometric data .
Israel just introduced facial scanning into an airport .
British CCTV cameras are already capable of being outfitted to recognize faces .
With the importance of biometric data growing every day , do we really want the TSA to be one step away from being able to demand that we allow them to store virtually all of our biometric data before they let us on a plane ?
As if that ’s not enough , the radiation from these scanners is dangerous .
In only six seconds , they pump us full of as much radiation as 10,000 cell phone calls do .
Your scan goes an extra second longer than usual ?
Woops .
That ’s an extra 1666 cell phone conversations .
In case you do n’t know , there is evidence linking cell phone usage and cancer .
Also , the type of radiation the scanners emit is particularly harmful .
Terahertz waves , the type of radiation emitted , have been described by Los Alamos researchers as “ ripping DNA apart . ”
Apparently , strands of DNA are loosely joined , so they can separate easily for replication .
The resonant effects of the terahertz waves “ unzip ” the strands .
If your DNA has been “ unzipped , ” it ca n’t replicate properly .
Even the TSA ’s additional screening for US - bound flights from 14 nations is harmful , because it unfairly focuses on Muslim nations , while not even including the Netherlands , the country from which Abdulmutuallah actually departed .
The powers that be certainly have exploited this “ crisis ” well .
France , the Netherlands , Germany , Italy and Canada all plan to install full - body scanners in response to the attempted bombing .
Other countries that already have scanners are planning to expand their usage .
In Britain , the number of passengers agreeing to be scanned has risen from 72 % to 92 % since the attempted attack .
The Dutch police are even working on developing portable body scanners that can be used on the street on people “ suspected of carrying concealed weapons . ”
This is especially astonishing considering that in June of 2009 the House voted to bar scanners from airports by a margin of 310 - 118 , and members of the European Parliament voted to ban them from airports in September 2008 by a margin of 361 - 16 .
Perhaps the most upsetting part is that the focus on scanners diverts attention from where it should really be : the security failure that allowed this to happen .
Let ’s just take a look at some things that should have garnered extra attention from the TSA and airport security :
Abdulmutuallah bought a one - way ticket with cash and had no carry - on luggage .
He was on the US terror watch list .
He was banned from entering Britain .
According to eye witnesses , he had no passport , and the only reason he was allowed on the plane was because an accomplice who was with him managed to convince an airline employee that Abdulmutuallah was a political refugee from Sudan .
If you think that any of these might be cause for suspicion , you ’re not alone .
In fact , the TSA would agree with you , because as it turns out , even before the attempted bombing , TSA officials were actually waiting to question Abdulmutuallah when he landed in Detroit .
Abdulmutuallah had clearly had triggered something in the security system , and the TSA and airport security simply were n’t fast enough to act upon it .
As Rahm Emmanuel said , “ you never want to let a crisis go to waste . [... ]
[ I ]t lets you do things you think you could n’t do before . ”
The truth of the matter is that we do have a crisis , but it is not what the people in charge of the government and the media tell us .
It is not Umar Farouk Abdulmutuallah or Islamic fundamentalism , and it wo n’t be solved by turning our country into a police state .
Our crisis is that our leaders try to pump us full of fear to us in order to achieve what they want , instead of what ’s best for the country .
Once we realize that is the real crisis , then we finally will be one step closer to truly becoming safe .
John Jacob Astor IV went down with the Titanic , but his Stanford White - designed estate in Rhinebeck , New York survives him .
Stanford White 's great - grandson Sam White has fully restored the place .
And now it can be yours for a mere $ 12 million !
Design architect Laura Dunn explains :
The [ house ] captures the grandeur of American aristocracy in a single room ( main hall : 35 by 60 feet ) with 15 ' ceilings , a domed skylight , elaborate ornamental plasterwork , Ionic columns and French doors that open to an indoor clay tennis court .
The house also includes a Middle Eastern - inspired swimming pool with turquoise vaulted ceiling and Corinthian columns .
You have to love an architect who can design ' high drama ' with a sporty edge .
In 1902 , Stanford White achieved such success with Astor Courts , which designed for entertaining weekend guests of John Jacob Astor IV ... that is , before he went down with the Titanic .
Most recently , architect Sam White - the great - grandson of Stanford White - restored the drama to Astor Courts , once called the Ferncliff Casino or Astor Casino ( an architectural term for sporting facilities ) for Kathleen Hammer and Arthur Seelbinder .
It must be in the architect 's blood .
The architecture screams playhouse for country club types .
With all its grandeur wrapped in a facade inspired by the Grand Trianon at Versailles , it is the scale of White 's signature decorative elements thatmakes the main hall feel livable .
Therefore , after a game of tennis or a swim in the pool you feel - comfortable - in a space where the walls are dressed in history ... ready to accommodate your next black - tie event along the Hudson .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China ’s vaccination campaign against the H1N1 flu strain is not proceeding as fast as it should be partly because people are needlessly worried about the safety of the vaccine , officials said on Friday .
A market vendor , wearing a face mask , stands in front of a large pile of sacks containing garlic at an outdoor food market in Beijing November 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / David Gray
Some 125 people in China have died of swine flu , but the country began a mass vaccination program in September and has inoculated more than 32 million people to date .
That campaign , however , seems to be floundering just as the country heads into winter and ahead of the Lnar New Year holiday in February , when millions of people travel back to their home towns -- potentially taking flu with them .
“ Generally speaking , vaccination work has been proceeding smoothly , but recently progress has been quite slow in some areas , ” Health Ministry spokesman Deng Haihua told a news conference .
“ Experts expect that the next one to two months will be key in the fight to prevent H1N1 , ” he added .
“ After new year comes the lunar festival , where people will be on the move in large numbers across the country , which will put yet more pressure on preventing the spread of the virus . ”
Liang Wannian , head of the ministry ’s health emergency office , said there were several reasons for the slower - than - expected progress in vaccinations , though he did not say how many people they had hoped to reach by this time .
“ I do n’t rule out that some people have worries over the safety of the vaccine , ” Liang said .
“ Perhaps our publicity work about the safety and effectiveness of the vaccine has not reached everyone it should have .
“ We will lose the opportunity to effectively prevent and control the disease if we do n’t accelerate this campaign , ” he added .
The government has repeatedly said that the vaccine is safe , as has the World Health Organization .
Deng , the spokesman , said that “ abnormal reactions ” to the vaccine were at about one in one million , well within internationally accepted norms and parameters .
Another concern which has been expressed is that China may have had more flu deaths than has been officially reported .
China ’s death toll of 125 compares with nearly 10,000 in the United States .
Well - known Chinese doctor Zhong Nanshan said last month that he doubted the official death numbers from the influenza strain , saying some areas had not been testing deaths from severe pneumonia and treating them as cases of ordinary pneumonia .
Zhong is respected by many people in China for his candor and work in fighting SARS in 2003 , when nationwide panic and international alarm erupted after it emerged that officials hid or underplayed the spreading epidemic .
Ministry official Liang said they had been rigorously enforcing laws against cover-ups of disease outbreaks .
“ To date , we have not received any information about cover-ups .
If such a thing happens , the Health Ministry will take severe steps under the law , ” he added .
A new survey released by Zogby Interactive found that 64 % of adults in the United States have given or plan to give to relief efforts to aid quake - ravaged Haiti .
The survey , released on Martin Luther King Jr. Day , found that 33 % of respondents have already made a donation and 31 % plan on doing so .
Giving was more pronounced among African Americans , with 47 % already donating and 34 % planning to do so .
Apparently these donors did n’t pick up on what Rush Limbaugh had to say last week about donating to a government - created website to help Haiti .
As our colleague Mark Silva reported : “ We ’ve already donated to Haiti , ” Limbaugh told the caller on his radio show .
“ It ’s called the U.S. income tax . ” ( White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , with some understatement , called the comment “ really stupid . " )
Undeterred , former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton are spearheading fundraising efforts for clintonbushhaitifund.org .
Bush had this to say about relief efforts :
That money will go to organizations on the ground and will be -- who will be able to effectively spend it .
I know a lot of people want to send blankets or water -- just send your cash .
One of the things that [ President Clinton ] and I will do is to make sure your money is spent wisely .
Clinton recalled how he teamed up with another Bush – President George H.W. Bush – to raise money for the parts of Asia devastated by the tsunami in 2004 :
Right now , all we need to do is get food and medicine and water and a secure place for them to be .
But when we start the rebuilding effort , we want to do what I did with [ President ’s Bush 's ] father in the tsunami area .
We want to be a place where people can know their money will be well spent , where we will ensure the ongoing integrity of the process .
As for the reaction to U.S. relief efforts , check out La Plaza , the latimes.com blog on Latin America and the Caribbean , which is offering frequent updates out of Haiti .
The blog features a video , which was released by the White House and widely seen on YouTube , of a California rescue squad pulling a victim from the rubble .
As you ’ll see and hear , the crowd begins to applaud and chant , “ U.S.A ! U.S.A. ! ”
-- Steve Padilla
Click here to receive Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
You can also go to our new Facebook fan page here .
Photo : A woman pauses at the National Cathedral in Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
Credit : Carolyn Cole / Los Angeles Times .
In one instance recently , a customer asked about “ Everything Ravaged , Everything Burned , ” a collection of short stories by Wells Tower that she wanted to buy as a gift .
Ms. Jennings , who had actually read  but had not connected with  the book , looked up the Kirkus review .
“ When I read the woman the review from Kirkus , she said , ‘ That will exactly work for my husband , ’ ” and she bought the book , Ms. Jennings recalled .
In some ways it seemed that the passing of Kirkus was mourned much like the local deli that finally closes after a long battle with a landlord  missed as much in theory as because of its practical effect on the market .
“ While I hate to see the closing of another major book review outlet , truth be told , it ’s been a long time since a review there actually moved the needle in any meaningful way , ” wrote Tim Duggan , executive editor at Harper , an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers , in an e-mail message .
“ It has less to do with Kirkus than with the way the rest of the media marketplace has evolved . ”
Still , some publishers noted that Kirkus reviews , reliably cantankerous , often differed from the other prepublication reviewers .
“ It was n’t just broad , it was rigorous , curmudgeonly , and it was often a dissenting or idiosyncratic voice , ” said Nan Graham , editor in chief of Scribner , an imprint of Simon & Schuster .
For small presses , Kirkus might be one of the only places a book would get a write - up , other than Publishers Weekly .
Martin Shepard , co-publisher of the Permanent Press , an independent publisher in Sag Harbor , N.Y. , said Kirkus had generally reviewed about 10 of the 12 to 14 books that the company publishes each year .
Because small presses rely heavily on sales to libraries , Mr. Shepard said , the loss of Kirkus is a significant blow .
Although he said the most important trade journal remained Publishers Weekly , he said : “ It ’s like Hertz and Avis .
To have the No. 2 close down is sad . ”
By David West | January 13 , 2010 - 9:23 pm
I have been a long time fan of Star Trek , watching old reruns on Saturday afternoons back in the mid-1970s .
I was at the Las Vegas Star Trek Convention when Cryptic Studios made their announcement about the creation of Star Trek Online .
In fact , I was in line to ask a question during the webcast but it ended 2 people before I got to the microphone .
I was at last August ’s Star Trek Convention , and was 15th in line to see the preview of the game .
I was extremely excited about it , and eventually even hooked up with Sata Alvarez and the STO Radio / MMOJunkies bunch .
But , ever since I got into the closed beta for Star Trek Online , my disappointment in what I was expecting and what was being shown to me started increasing .
It is now time for the Open Beta and the Non Disclosure Agreement has lifted , I can now explain my statement :
I am not purchasing Star Trek Online at this time .
First , Star Trek to me is all about interaction .
Exploring new worlds , meeting new races , confronting dangerous enemies , all of these things are interactive .
Star Trek
Online seems to have missed much of what I was expecting in interactions .
Most interactions will be taking place as captain of your ship while on your ship .
Space missions are 75 % of the game , at least , at the moment .
Most of the missions I ’ve done in the beta had no component about beaming down , or really negotiating .
Those that did seemed stale , and carted you through a predetermined path .
Since there are no ‘ factions ’ , like other MMO games you can work up to have races like or dislike you , it seems very stagnant .
Second , game balance is an issue with the combats .
Some people like tough combats , true , but taking 20 to 30 minutes to take down one ship , when they seem to have unlimited energy and you do not is not right .
Add to that ship imbalances as to what you are facing at the beginning of the game , and the game quickly turns into one where I want to toss my keyboard through the window .
Any game that makes me scream at the computer is not a good one for me to continue playing .
This issue is the primary reason my two good friends who have been in the beta will not be purchasing the game .
Third , lack of content .
This is primarily focused on my favorite race , the Klingons , but I expect it will rear its ugly head in the ‘ end game ’ as well .
Klingons are not a full starting race or alliance in the game .
They unlock after the tutorial is completed , but their entire side is based upon player vs player combat and advancement .
Let me point something out : I have arthritis .
I am horrible at player vs player combat , except when I am the healer , and even then if it is a first person shooter ( STO is n’t ) , I ’m lousy .
I wanted to go through player vs enemy level raising just like you can in the Federation .
That ’s currently not possible in the game .
The lack of player vs enemy conflicts on the Klingon side is a game killer for me .
Just look below at the blog and see my picture with Gowron and Martok .
Klingons were the thing I most hoped to be able to play , and a wall has been placed at this time for me to be able to enjoy that experience .
Lastly , bug management .
I do n’t want to razz on Cryptic too much , as it is a different development team than from Champions Online , but you have to look at history .
Bugs reported back in closed beta for Champions Online are still present in that game .
Will the same thing occur with Star Trek Online ?
I sure hope not , but the track record is not very good .
And , if the launcher for Champions Online goes out of whack , it also affects STO as they use the same launcher .
Considering the login fiasco that happened opening day on Champions Online that took three days to resolve , I do n’t really want to be near the bigger launch of STO .
So , these are the reasons I am not purchasing Star Trek Online at this time .
I do expect after the first month or two that I will purchase the game .
Like I said , I ’m a Star Trek fan from a long ways back , and the game will eventually lure me in .
But , it wo n’t happen until at least one MMO subscription I ’ve maintained has dropped and the initial problems that will occur with the launch are over .
If you believe these not to be issues for you , I wholeheartedly endorse you purchasing Star Trek Online .
Like I said , it will suck me in eventually , but right now I ’m Odysseus resisting the sirens calling me to play .
Check out David 's blog @ http://davidlightfinger.com/startrekwp/
We are a London and Salisbury based agency offering a full range of services , from web design , development & hosting to digital marketing & graphic design .
Our digital teams are specialists in open - source content management systems , including Drupal , Umbraco & WordPress .
Watch our video
At Mozilla , we regularly get anguished emails from people who have paid to download Firefox , and have then discovered a ) that it 's actually free , and b ) that it 's very hard to get the company they paid to stop charging their credit card .
For those who have never had the misfortune to visit one of these trap sites , I thought people might be interested in a walkthrough of the user experience .
These sites get their custom through advertising .
We and the major search engine providers do a reasonable job of keeping these people 's adverts away from our trademarked terms and keywords but we can't be everywhere , and they can often be found on smaller search engines .
Ah , thinks a user of info .
co.uk : " Mozilla Firefox download - that sounds right . "
That first ( sponsored ) link goes to free - download - place.org .
They offer " Firefox 3.0.8 " ( an out - of - date version ) " Google Toolbar included " :
There is no indication at this point that they are not the official download location for this software .
If we look very carefully , right down at the bottom of the page , past a random list of contents of the Google Pack ( which is not part of the download ) , we see :
This website has no affiliation whatsoever with the owner or manufacturer of this software program .
Copyright 2009 , Free-Download - Place .
Org .
All rights reserved - Always Download Legally .
New computer users should find our services valuable , and a time saver .
If you are an advanced computer user , you probably do n't need our services .
Anyway , back up at the top , if we do n't notice that small print and we click " Download Now " , we end up on yet another website - freedownloadzone.com .
It is often the case that a website like freedownloadzone has lots of " feeder " websites like free - download - place which turn up for various search queries or have various suggestive domain names , and which direct you to the central website which takes the money .
org -eng .info is another random site which runs the same interface as the one you are about to see .
Here are some more .
The company behind all of them is a Jersey - based company called " Saphie Number 1 " ( which sounds like the name of an off - the - shelf company to me ) .
At least here they are offering Firefox 3.5 rather than 3.0.8 .
Note that the title of the site and the green text all still suggest that this is n't going to cost the user anything .
So we fill in the form , click " Next Step " and now we get ( red text added by me ) :
Now , there is talk of " membership " and a " flat fee " .
The radio buttons and checkboxes here are worth analysing carefully .
I have labelled them with their actual cost to you - compare that with the text provided by the website .
The membership will cost you somewhere between £ 17.88 and £ 29.94 .
However , the two checkboxes , which are labelled " £ 1.49 " , actually cost you an immediate extra £ 17.88 each , and they are checked by default .
Note that it carefully says underneath in grey that " your membership is a onetime charge " .
Despite the fact that most costs are broken down per month , you do n't get to pay per month .
It all comes off your credit card in one go .
On to the next screen :
This is amazing .
There 's another checkbox down in the bottom right corner , next to the green text , which allows them to charge you another £ 9.88 per month - a per-monthly charge dwarfing all previous ones .
It still says " your membership is a one - time charge which will never be re-billed " - but that 's only the membership portion of it .
The £ 9.88 is going to come off every month and , if you are still foolish enough to be involved after a year , I bet they 'll take another two lots of £ 17.88 for those first two checkboxes .
The only place that the total charge is shown is in normal text as part of a sentence on the right of the page .
Can you spot it ?
If you ask for the breakdown , it shows :
£ 75.88 is $ 125.90 or € 86.07 .
And that 's before the recurring technical support charge ( note the qualifying " today " in the above screenshot ) .
All that for a copy of Firefox !
This is where we have to stop - journalistic bravery goes only so far .
Even I am not willing to pay at least £ 75.58 to find out what happens next .
Although I have heard that often these sites , to add insult to injury , direct their users to the official download sites for the original software , so they do n't even use their own bandwidth !
But before we finish , let 's just look at a few choice phrases from the Terms and Conditions linked from this page :
freedownloadzone.com makes no claim to ownership or other control or rights to any software recommended by freedownloadzone.com or its agents .
All software recommendations refer to either " Freeware " or software that is otherwise available without charge to individuals at large for specific purposes .
...
Once you submit your order for Membership , it is nonrefundable .
Only in cases of fraud will the payment be refunded .
This policy is in place due to an abuse of credit card chargebacks and theft of information .
All requests for refunds due to fraud MUST be made in writing and physically mailed to freedownloadzone .
...
All recurring memberships are automatically renewed at the end of their term unless otherwise specified .
It is each Member 's responsibility to cancel prior to the renewal date if the membership is to be terminated .
There 's no mention of the " 7 - day money back policy " which you 've seen touted on several of the screens so far .
All this is one very good reason we need a strong trademark policy :-)
It was an experiment -- and it went much better than I had imagined : I used Factor ( a concatenative programming language ) as the subject of study in a project week at Heilbronn University in a course called " Software Engineering of Complex Systems " ( SECS ) .
Maybe we are the first university in the world , where concatenative languages in general and Factor in specific are used and studied .
Factor is the most mature concatenative programming language around .
Its creator , Slava Pestov , and some few developers have done an excellent job .
Over the years I experimented with a lot of different languages and approaches .
I ran experiments using Python , Scheme and also Prolog in my course .
It turned out that I found myself mainly teachingto program in Python , Scheme or Prolog ( which still is something valuable for the students ) instead of covering my main issue of concern : mastering complexity .
In another approach I used XML as a tool for lightweight modeling to explore and study some techniques .
The approach is innovative and still worth to be developed further but I was n't satisfied .
My goal in the course " Software Engineering of Complex Systems " is to present and discuss practical techniques to conquer complexity in software systems .
I did and still do a lot of research in this area .
To make a long story short , I have come to the conclusion that Language - Driven Software Engineering ( LDSE ) is a very powerful and promising approach to conquer complexity .
It 's more than creating and using Domain Specific Languages ( DSLs ) .
It 's consistently designing and creating languages throughout all levels and layers of a software implementation .
During my research I stumbled across Joy and Factor and learned about the concatenative paradigm .
A series of excellent articles written by Manfred von Thun , creator of Joy , taught me the theory and fundamentals of concatenative languages .
Factor , Slava Pestov 's implementation of a practical concatenative language , turned out to be the best showcase I could think of : Factor is almost self - contained and extends itself by creating vocabularies of words using other vocabularies of words .
Programs in Factor are written the very same style .
Factor is seeing LDSE in action .
I realized that it 's the concatenative paradigm which enforces you to design software from a language - driven point of view .
First I discussed the issue of complexity in software systems .
Before I used Factor in the project week , I introduced the concatenative paradigm in the course .
I presented it 's mathematical foundation and used a pattern - driven approach to define the semantics of concatenative words as syntactic transformations .
Finally , we defined a simplified grammar of Factor which we extended to cover pattern matching and template instantiation .
All this served the purpose to smoothly prepare the ground for Factor .
We also reflected and discussed a lot about what complexity is about and how it can be managed .
During the project week , my students ( about 30 persons ) worked with Factor four out of five days almost 8 hours per day .
For my students it was full contact combat with an almost unknown programming paradigm and an exotic language .
But they did really well .
On day 1 , the students worked through the introductory material supplied with Factor .
On day 2 , we studied types and object - orientation in Factor .
On day 3 , parsing and macros were studied in Factor .
For these two days , the students worked with tutorials and worked their way through a number of exercise , which required them to write tiny programs in Factor to pass unit tests .
On day 4 , we worked on a topic unrelated to Factor .
On day 5 , two students thoroughly presented their project work , a real - world application in Factor , they had done in another course in the previous semester .
We concluded the week with discussing and reflecting Factor 's capabilities and the power of the concatenative paradigm in general .
Before I forget to mentioned it : Tim , research assistant in the software engineering department and PhD student , created the tutorials and the exercises and helped out a lot in class .
Without him , the course would n't have been possible !
The students enjoyed the week very much .
The evaluation of the course shows that they liked getting a new and different viewpoint on software development , object - orientation , parsing etc .
They definitely realized and experienced that Factor helps them becoming better software engineers although Java is their main language .
Yes and no .
There is no question that Factor is a niche language no one in industry shows interest for ( besides Google , so far ;-) .
There might be some companies out there which use Forth and might be open for " concatenative thinking " .
However , even though the concatenative paradigm is almost unknown , concatenative languages are functional languages and functional languages are gaining in popularity .
There 's little doubt that learning functional programming broadens your scope and complements a student 's skill set .
The fun part is that the concatenative approach to functional programming is much more simpler than the lambda calculus , which is traditionally taught .
The math is simple and no intellectual barrier and formal transformations are easy to understand since there are no variable bindings and nesting scopes .
Key concepts are stripped to their bare minimum .
Did you ever try to explain the idea of continuations in Scheme ?
You might spend a good amount of time explaining continuations and running exercises .
It 's not unlikely that some students still do n't get it .
Continuations seem to be an extremely complex thing and appear to be somewhat mystical .
In Factor , and in concatenative languages in general , continuations are a triviality !
In principle , it 's a snapshot of the data and the call stack .
No big deal , since you juggle around with both stacks all the time .
Are generic functions a specialty of CLOS .
They come out naturally in a pattern - based approach to define concatenative words .
But my point goes beyond that .
The way you create abstractions and refactor your programs in a concatenative language enforces you to continuously reflect about your design decisions .
You have an enormous freedom of how you shape and constrain the design space of options at hand .
It lets you think about words and vocabularies of words .
It is thinking about creating and using languages .
It combines software engineering and software programming in a way I have n't experienced in any other paradigm .
That 's why I introduced Factor in my course :
You will start to engineer software , you 'll explore new ways of creating abstractions and design frameworks .
Factor itself is an excellent case study for this approach .
Factor starts from a relatively small kernel ( which I -- admittedly -- have n't cleanly dissected , yet ) and then consequently adds feature by feature with using Factor to extend Factor .
A neat concatenative kernel turns itself into a powerful piece of software using a language - driven approach right from the start .
Slava Pestov proves that this approach does result in a fast , interactive and highly reflective language .
For me , Factor is a masterpiece of software engineering !
It 's definitely worth studying it !
What I experienced over the last two semesters is that some students become deeply attracted by Factor .
Even if not , almost all students sense that there is a new world worth entering that takes them to a new level of understanding .
It broadens their scope and skill set .
Eventually , they 'll leave the concatenative path for doing their Java / C# assignments in other courses or when they do some programming for a living .
Still , I 'm convinced that concatenative programming has an impact that lasts .
Do I sound too enthusiastic ?
Possibly , but I prefer to teach things I 'm enthusiastic about !
I 'm still a student regarding the concatenative paradigm myself , I 'm learning a lot each and every day about this paradigm .
And one is for sure : I will continue to use Factor in the next semesters .---
As the sport of mixed martial arts continues to grow in popularity , the biggest stars in the UFC are in turn becoming increasingly wealthy .
In this article we look at the Top 12 salaries paid out during the past year in the promotion .
Before we start there ’s a few things worth that are worth bearing in mind .
A. Salaries are not always disclosed after UFC events .
For example , the fighter earnings for events outside of the U.S , such as UFC99 in Germany and UFC 106 in the UK , or in certain states , like UFC 101 in Philly , were not released .
This article is based solely on the information provided from the events in which salaries were publicly available .
B . For the purposes of this article we are looking purely at the fighters base salary , and any additional ‘ win bonus ’ they may have written into their contract .
It ’s worth remembering that on top of that a number of the UFC ’s biggest stars also take home a percentage of the Pay Per View revenue , which can work out to be significantly more than their standard salaries .
In addition to this fighters also earn extra money from other avenues such as sponsorship deals , additional bonuses , etc .
With that out of the way , here are the top 12 fighter salaries in the promotion for 2009 .
—
Chuck Liddell : $ 500,000 ( no win bonus )
Arguably the best known UFC fighter ever , Chuck Liddell took home the biggest base salary in 2009 despite his loss to Maurcio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua .
Though the salaries for the UFC 97 event in April were not disclosed due to it taken place in Canada , Liddell ’s contracted salary of $ 500,000 is known from his previous fight against Keith Jardine in 2008 .
Liddell has one fight left on his contract , and despite rumors of retirement it was revealed last month that he will fight for a third time against Tito Ortiz after the pair go head - to - head as coaches on season 11 of The Ultimate Fighter .
—
Brock Lesnar : $ 400,000 ( no win bonus )
Currently
The UFC ’s biggest box office star , Brock Lesnar takes home a guaranteed $ 400,000 for each of his fights , win or lose .
Interestingly , under his previous deal Lesnar took home a guaranteed $ 250,000 , but he also earned $ 200,000 for a win , meaning that he claimed a larger salary for his victory over Randy Couture at UFC 91 in November of ’08 than he did for his UFC 100 win over Frank Mir in July of ’09 .
That being said , with his reputation now firmly established as a hugely successful Pay Per View draw it ’s likely that his latest deal includes an increased cut of the PPV buys .
With his last two fights pulling in over one million paying customers that would boost Lesnar ’s bank balance dramatically .
—
Randy Couture : $ 250,000 (+ $ 250,000 for a win )
Along with Chuck Liddell , Randy Couture is consider UFC royalty , and as such the former multiple time champion commanded one of the promotions largest salaries in the past year .
Unlike Liddell however , Couture has to win to earn the full $ 500,000 .
Couture spent a year in limbo due to a dispute with the UFC which appeared to partly revolve around his earnings .
That is all water under the bridge now though , and his current six fight deal came into effect before his fight with Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira in August .
As with some of the other big name stars in the UFC , Couture is known to command a share of the PPV buys for his fights which can propel his earnings per fight into the seven figure region .
—
Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira : $ 250,000 (+ $ 150,000 for a win )
Another veteran , Pride legend and former UFC interim heavyweight champion Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira , is also well paid for his battles in the octagon .
His base salary is equal to Randy Couture ’s , though he earns less for a win .
Even so the $ 400,000 he took home for his victory over Couture in August is double the amount he was paid under his previous contract for his UFC debut in early 2008 against Tim Sylvia .
—
Tito Ortiz : $ 250,000 ( win bonus unknown )
Another name synonymous with the UFC , Tito Ortiz publicly fell out with the promotion in 2008 , claiming that he was being underpaid .
After over a year on the sidelines the two parties came to an agreement and Ortiz returned to the fold with a new contract in tow .
It should be stressed that the dispute was based more on his cut of the PPV buys rather than his base salary , but we do now that he now earns $ 250,000 per show .
Since he lost his comeback fight we do not yet know his win bonus however .
After holding out for a more substantial PPV cut Ortiz will surely have been disappointed to discover that his return at UFC 106 against Forrest Griffin had an uncharacteristically low buy - rate .
—
Quinton ‘ Rampage ’ Jackson : $ 225,000 (+ $ 100,000 for a win )
Former light - heavyweight champion Quinton Jackson rounds out the top 5 earners , at least as far as base salaries go .
Having said that , his win bonus of $ 100,000 is lower than some of the other fighters on this list .
Jackson fell out with the UFC earlier this year after pulling out of a blockbuster fight with fellow TUF 10 coach Rashad Evans to star in the A - Team movie , but announced in December that he would return to finish the remaining three fight on his contract .
Despite this he appears to still harbor a grudge towards the promotion , and stated in a recent interview that along with feeling that he is not being treated with the respect he deserves , he is also unhappy with his cut of the Pay Per View buys his fights generate .
—
Georges St. Pierre : $ 200,000 (+ $ 200,000 for a win )
Widely regarded as one of the sports pound for pound best , welterweight champion Georges St. Pierre is considered by many to be an unstoppable force at 170 lbs .
That means that , for the time being at least , he is expected to earn his maximum $ 400,000 salary each time he competes .
GSP is also one of the most marketable UFC stars which has also helped him to secure lucrative deals with mainstream brands like Gatorade and Under Armour that helps boost his overall income significantly .
—
Rashad Evans : $ 200,000 (+ $ 175,000 for a win )
The fifth light - heavyweight star on this list , Rashad Evans has come along way from winning a six figure contract ( spread out over three years ) with the UFC after winning The Ultimate Fighter Season 2 .
Having since worked his way to the top of the division , and briefly holding the belt , he now commands a guaranteed $ 200,000 a fight , and almost that again on top if he wins .
Evans picked the perfect time to negotiate his current contract – just months after winning the title at UFC 92 by beating Forrest Griffin , and only a few months before losing it to Lyoto Machida at UFC 98 .
—
Anderson Silva :
At least $ 200,000 + ( win bonus unknown )
Of all the fighters on the list middleweight champion Anderson Silva ’s salary is the one that is most shrouded in mystery so his exact place on this list is unknown .
Silva signed a six fight deal with the UFC after his win over James Irvin at UFN 14 in July 2008 .
Since then all three of his bouts have taken place in locations where the fighters salaries are not required to be publicly disclosed .
What we do know is that Silva was paid $ 200,000 with no win bonus for his KO victory over Irvin , and so his current deal is likely to be considerably more .
Though historically not considered one of the promotions biggest Pay Per View draws , Silva ’s status as one of the top three pound for pound fighters in the sport , and currently holding the record for most consecutive UFC wins ( 10 ) , the Brazilian is undoubtedly worth every penny he earns .
—
Lyoto Machida : $ 200,000 ( no win bonus )
Current light - heavyweight champ Lyoto Machida has also made his way into the top earners list this year thanks to a new contract .
Despite that it is perhaps somewhat ironic that , considering The Dragon ’ has never lost a fight in 16 professional fights , he does not have a win bonus written into his contract .
That being said his current deal , which came into effect for his last fight with Shogun Rua is a marked improvement on the $ 70,000 to show +
$ 70,000 to win which he received for his title winning performance against Rashad Evans at UFC 98 in May .
—
Wanderlei Silva : $ 200,000 ( win bonus unknown )
While Wanderlei Silva ’s salary for his UFC 99 fight with Rich Franklin was n’t disclosed , we do know that he was paid a base rate of $ 200,000 for his loss against Quinton Jackson just days before the start of 2009 at at UFC 92 .
It ’s not known whether Silva currently has a win bonus written into his contract , though having won just one of his four fights since his return to the UFC in 2007 , this has perhaps been something of a moot point lately .
Despite that he is still one of the legends of the sport and a fan favorite , which ensures that he is still handsomely rewarded for his battles in the octagon .
—
Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua : $ 155,000 ( win bonus unknown )
The current No.1 contender in the light - heavyweight division , Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua claimed $ 155,000 for his controversial loss against Lyoto Machida at UFC 104 .
Considering his days as one of the divisions most feared fighters during the Pride era seemed far behind him after his disappointing performance against Mark Coleman in January of ’09 , he has done well to turn his fortunes around , and a win over Machida in the rematch will raise his stock even further .
—
Are there any fighters you might have expected to see on the list that are missing from it ?
Long time fighter in the UFC and Current lightweight champion BJ Penn is perhaps the most obvious name that did n’t make the top 12 .
Penn ’s last two fights have taken place in states which do not disclose salaries , but in January of ’09 he earned $ 125,000 for his unsuccessful bid to take the welterweight title from Georges St. Pierre .
Based on previous figures from 2008 his win bonus is also $ 125,000 .
Ultimate Fighter season 1 winner and former light - heavyweight champion Forrest Griffin is another of the promotions most recognized fighters .
So much so in fact that he adorned the cover of the ‘ UFC Undisputed 2009 ’ video game .
He currently receives $ 100,000 to show , while unusually his win bonus is even larger at $ 150,000 .
That ’s notably still some way short of season 2 winner Rashad Evan ’s pay - check , but Griffin is n’t complaining , recently stating that he is happy being “ moderately wealthy ” .
Another TUF winner , Michael Bisping commands a significant fee for his fights in the UFC .
Though many of his salaries remain undisclosed since he often competes in UK events , his KO defeat at UFC 100 earned him $ 150,000 .
His opponent Dan Henderson on the other hand earned $ 100,000 , plus $ 150,000 for the win – mirroring Forrest Griffin ’s deal .
Henderson left the company later at the end of the year after failing to come to terms on a new enhanced contract .
One former champion who may have been expected to appear on the list is Frank Mir , yet remarkably he earned just $ 45,000 for his first round defeat against Brock Lesnar at UFC 100 .
It ’s certain that ex middleweight champion Rich Franklin is earning more than that after signing a new six fight deal in the summer of ’09 .
The exact figures of his contract are unknown , but the fighter was previously known to be commanding $ 100,000 with an additional win bonus of $ 50,000 back in 2008 .
The potential wild - card in terms of salary is another Pride legend – Mirko Cro Cop .
When he first entered the octagon at UFC 67 in February of 2007 he earned a whopping $ 350,000 pay cheque , though he received no additional win bonus for his first round TKO of Eddie Sanchez .
His stock has dwindled significantly since then due to a number of defeats and lackluster performances in the UFC , so it doubtful that his new contract , which was signed in July of ’09 .
We ca n’t say for sure though due to his salary at UFC 103 not being released to the public .
—
If you liked this article then you might enjoy some of out past features on this site , such as :
Where Are They Now ? 20 Fighters Cut From the UFC in 2009 ( Part 1 )
Who Has The Most UFC ‘ Submission Of The Night ’ Awards
Taking A Closer Look At Antonio ‘ Rogerio ’ Nogueira
Lyoto Machida : Analyzing ‘ The Dragon ’
—
Article By RossC
Pictures courtesy of Sherdog.com
—
NEW YORK -- A national coalition of women 's groups called on CBS on Monday to scrap its plan to broadcast an ad during the Super Bowl featuring college football star Tim Tebow and his mother , which critics say is likely to convey an anti-abortion message .
" An ad that uses sports to divide rather than to unite has no place in the biggest national sports event of the year -- an event designed to bring Americans together , " said Jemhu Greene , president of the New York - based Women 's Media Center .
The center was coordinating the protest with backing from the National Organization for Women , the Feminist Majority and other groups .
CBS said it has approved the script for the 30 - second ad and has given no indication that the protest would have an impact .
A network spokesman , Dana McClintock , said CBS would ensure that any issue - oriented ad was " appropriate for air . "
The ad -- paid for by the conservative Christian group Focus on the Family -- is expected to recount the story of Pam Tebow 's pregnancy in 1987 with a theme of " Celebrate Family , Celebrate Life . "
After getting sick during a mission trip to the Philippines , she ignored a recommendation by doctors to abort her fifth child and gave birth to Tim , who went on to win the 2007 Heisman Trophy while helping his Florida team to two BCS championships .
The controversy over the ad was raised Sunday when Tebow met with reporters in Mobile , Ala. , before beginning preparations for next weekend 's Senior Bowl .
" I know some people wo n't agree with it , but I think they can at least respect that I stand up for what I believe , " Tebow said .
" I 've always been very convicted of it [ his views on abortion ] because that 's the reason I 'm here , because my mom was a very courageous woman .
So any way that I could help , I would do it . "
Thirty - second commercials during the Super Bowl are selling for $ 2.5 million to $ 2.8 million .
Gary Schneeberger , a spokesman for Focus on the Family , said funds for the Tebow ad were donated by a few " very generous friends " and did not come from the group 's general fund .
Schneeberger said he and his colleagues " were a little surprised " at the furor over the ad .
" There 's nothing political and controversial about it , " he said .
" When the day arrives , and you sit down to watch the game on TV , those who oppose it will be quite surprised at what the ad is all about . "
The protest letter from the Women 's Media Center suggested that CBS should have turned down the ad in part because it was conceived by Focus on the Family .
" By offering one of the most coveted advertising spots of the year to an anti-equality , anti-choice , homophobic organization , CBS is aligning itself with a political stance that will damage its reputation , alienate viewers , and discourage consumers from supporting its shows and advertisers , " the letter said .
However , Schneeberger said CBS officials carefully examined Focus on the Family 's track record and found no basis for rejecting the ad .
" We understand that some people do n't think very highly of what we do , " Schneeberger said .
" We 're not trying to sell you a soft drink -- we 're not selling anything .
We 're trying to celebrate families . "
The idea for the ad came from an employee in Focus on the Family 's film department , Schneeberger said , and the Tebows " were thrilled " when it was proposed to them .
The Tebows , including Tim , have been outspoken in discussing their Christian faith and their missionary work .
All the national networks , including CBS , have policies that rule out the broadcast of certain types of contentious advocacy ads .
In 2004 , CBS cited such a policy in rejecting an ad by the liberal - leaning United Church of Christ highlighting the UCC 's welcoming stance toward gays and others who might feel shunned by more conservative churches .
CBS was criticized for rejecting that ad -- and perhaps might have worried about comparable criticism from conservatives if it had rejected an ad featuring such a charismatic and well - known figure as Tebow .
CBS noted that it had run some advocacy ads in recent months , including spots taking conflicting sides in the debate of a national health care overhaul .
Terry O'Neill , the president of the National Organization for Women , said she had respect for the private choices made by women such as Pam Tebow but condemned the planned ad as " extraordinarily offensive and demeaning . "
" That 's not being respectful of other people 's lives , " O'Neill said .
" It is offensive to hold one way out as being a superior way over everybody else 's . "
A national columnist for CBSSports.com , Gregg Doyel , also objected to the CBS decision to show the ad , specifically because it would air on Super Sunday .
" If you 're a sports fan , and I am , that 's the holiest day of the year , " he wrote .
" It 's not a day to discuss abortion .
For it , against it , I do n't care what you are .
On Super Sunday , I do n't care what I am .
Feb. 7 is simply not the day to have that discussion . "
Let 's Play Lord of the Rings Online , the popular MMO based on one of the greatest and most influential works of fiction of the 20th century .
As the guy who wrote the DM of the Rings webcomic , I have a history with this material .
I think the books are a beautiful work of fiction and a celebration of language itself .
I 'm also one of those strange abusive fans who expresses his appreciation through satire and mockery , which is the fanboy equivalent of being a wife beater .
If you 're curious what this series is all about , allow me to point you to my series on Champions Online , where I followed the adventures of superhero Star On Chest .
Here is how this is going to work : I 'm going to play the game , and I 'm going to drag you along with me , kicking and screaming .
Text that looks like the paragraph you 're reading now is in - character stuff .
From now on when you see this kind of text it will be written from the point of view of my character .
Roughly .
If you 're lucky .
And this is out - of - character .
I 'll use this when I want to comment on goofy gameplay mechanics , interface problems , or whatever else I think you 'll put up with .
So ... character creation time .
I 'm going to play as a female , because , hey - if I 'm going to be staring at an ass for hundreds of hours , it might as well be ...
... shaped like a dumpling ?
Hey baby you got any fries to go with that bowl of yogurt ?
I decided to play a Hobbit because :
1 ) Dwarves are too awesome .
2 ) Why play as human ?
You can do that in any game .
3 ) Everyone knows that Elves are tools .
4 ) It wo n't let me choose " Balrog " .
Next I choose " Minstrel " as my character class .
And now I just need to pick a name and we 'll be good to go .
The thing about LOTRO is that it is the most polite and mature MMO that has ever existed .
Newcomers are usually disoriented by this .
We 're used to being welcomed into a new game with a duel request from some level 60 jerk named " IGankedUrMom " .
But in LOTRO people are polite , helpful , and pick lore - friendly names .
It 's really weird .
What usually happens is that new people will enter the world with the usual dumb-ass MMO name like " MadKilla55 " , " AfroElf " , or " Star On Chest " .
Then they see all of the appropriate names everyone else is using and they start to feel like the idiot who shows up at the prom in a dirty t- shirt .
If you 're too cool for Lord of the Rings , then why are you playing an MMO based on it ?
So , I want to pick a good name for my lil' hero .
Let 's see , the character creation screen says that Hobbit women are named after flowers , and gems .
Okay then .
Just give me a minute here to try the name of each and every flower , only to find out that they 're all taken .
And then the name of every gem .
And then the name of every flower , but sticking an extra " y " on the end .
And then every gem ...
Okay , I give up .
Fifteen minutes is where I draw the line .
There just are n't that many flowers and gems in the world that work as girl names , and I 'm not all that keen on naming myself " Tourmaline " or " Orthoceras " .
It 's obvious all the good ones were taken about five minutes after the game went into open beta .
Screw it .
I type in :
" Lulzy "
In a surprising move — especially after weathering so much flak for Chinese censorship —
Google says it will no longer censor Google products in China .
While surprising , the action is n’t unprompted .
According to a Google blog post , it is in response to a security attack that sought to spy on human rights activists .
… We have evidence to suggest that a primary goal of the attackers was accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
Based on our investigation to date we believe their attack did not achieve that objective .
Only two Gmail accounts appear to have been accessed , and that activity was limited to account information ( such as the date the account was created ) and subject line , rather than the content of e-mails themselves .
Third , as part of this investigation but independent of the attack on Google , we have discovered that the accounts of dozens of U.S.- , China - and Europe - based Gmail users who are advocates of human rights in China appear to have been routinely accessed by third parties .
These accounts have not been accessed through any security breach at Google , but most likely via phishing scams or malware placed on the users ’ computers .
Google says it will take a “ new approach to China . ”
And by new approach , Google means that it could shut down Chinese offices completely .
These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered — combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web — have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China .
We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China .
The Google move could be important for free speech , even if it comes off as a little dubious .
The Google China office employs about 800 people at last count — 800 well - paid people that would be out of work .
By threatening a total shutdown of what has become a huge player for the Chinese Internet , China may loosen some restrictions .
Google initially agreed to omit Web content that the country ’s government found objectionable and the debate became a struggle for execs trying to align the censorship with their “ do n’t be evil ” motto .
Via Google .
" Imperial regulations from 1879 , relating to military personnel , who had left their permanent residence on mobilisation and were later killed , dictated that their death was registered at their last residence before heading to the front , " he told the PAP news agency .
US state department officials were so convinced that the Copenhagen climate change summit was heading for collapse that they crafted a " talks fail " speech for Barack Obama .
Jonathan Pershing , who helped lead talks at Copenhagen , instead sketched out a future path for negotiations dominated by the world 's largest polluters such as China , the US , India , Brazil and South Africa , who signed up to a deal in the final hours of the summit .
That would represent a realignment of the way the international community has dealt with climate change over the last two decades .
" It is impossible to imagine a global agreement in place that does n't essentially have a global buy - in .
There are n't other institutions beside the UN that have that , " Pershing said .
" But it is also impossible to imagine a negotiation of enormous complexity where you have a table of 192 countries involved in all the detail . "
Pershing said the flaws in the UN process , which demands consensus among the international community , were exposed at Copenhagen .
" The meeting itself was at best chaotic , " he said , in a talk at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
" We met mostly overnight .
It seemed like we did n't sleep for two weeks .
It seemed a funny way to do things , and it showed . "
The lack of confidence in the UN extends to the $ 30 bn ( £ 18.5 bn ) global fund , which will be mobilised over the next three years to help poor countries adapt to climate change .
" I am not sure that any of us are particularly confident that the UN managing the near - term financing is the right way to go , " he said .
Pershing did not exclude the UN from future negotiations .
But he repeatedly credited the group of leading economies headed by America for moving forward on the talks .
He suggested the larger forum offered by the UN was instead important for countries such as Cuba or the small islands which risk annihilation by climate change to air their grievances .
" We are going to have a very very difficult time moving forward and it will be a combination of small and larger process [ es ] , " he said .
The first test of the accord agreed by the US , China , India , South Africa , and Brazil arrives on 31 January , the deadline for countries to commit officially to actions to halt global warming .
Here too Pershing indicated that the focus would be far narrower in scope that the UN's all - inclusive approach .
" We expect that there will be significant actions recorded by major countries , " he said .
" We are not really worried what Chad does .
We are not really worried about what Haiti says it is going to do about greenhouse gas emissions .
We just hope they recover from the earthquake . "
Zero Hedge discussed a month ago the disastrous prospects of what would happen if the new proposal contemplated by the SEC , which would allow the suspension of redemptions from Money Market Funds , were to pass .
Well , in a nearly unanimous vote , Money Market Funds now have the ability to suspend redemptions , courtesy of the SEC 's just passed 4 - 1 vote .
This explains the negative rate on bills : at this point , should there be another meltdown , money market investors will not , repeat not , be able to withdraw their money purely on the whim of Mary Schapiro .
As the SEC noted : " We understand that suspending redemptions may impose hardships on investors who rely on their ability to redeem shares . "
Too bad investors ' hardships considerations ended up being completely irrelevant .
As a reminder , here is the gist of the proposal as pertains to redemption suspension :
Quentin Cooper hears how the CERN particle accelerator is breaking records , the toughest bacterium in the world , how to eat and live longer , and how to grow a pork chop in a lab .
Quentin Cooper looks into the science underlying extending healthy life and asks if you can live longer without dietary restriction and with parents of different sexes .
He also hears about the latest from the Large Hadron Collider experiment at CERN .
What 's the toughest bacterium in the world ?
One of those battling it out for the title is Deinococcus radiodurans .
It was discovered in the 1950s after surviving in cans of food after they had been bombarded with radiation .
Its ability to repair its own DNA means it could be used in the future to reclaim land contaminated by nuclear or chemical events .
Quentin finds out how scientists are uncovering the secrets behind its ability to survive extreme temperatures , severe dehydration and lethal doses of radiation .
Understanding how bacteria like Deinococcus coordinate their arsenal of defence mechanisms could help scientists overcome the defences of dangerous , disease causing bacteria .
So , as you can see , the new site 's beginning to propagate !
Hopefully , the feedburner feed is still ... burning , I guess .
Just wanted to thank everyone for your patience .
Also , I wanted to mention that Friday , December 11th will be the last day I 'll accept Infini - Tee and Avatar orders for a while .
I want to make sure I can get them done by Christmas .
Recession hits U.S. power generation
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The nation 's economic decline led to the biggest drop in electric output since 1938 , according to an industry trade group .
A new report released Tuesday from the Edison Electric Institute says output fell by 3.7 % for its second year of declines in a row .
The group said the fall was triggered by the recession and cooler summer temperatures , which were more than 20 % lower than normal in many parts of the country .
The report showed that the industry provided just 3.9 million gigawatthours of electricity to the continental United States , the lowest amount since 2004 .
The highest weekly output during the year was just 88,713 GWh , which is 10 % less than the all - time record high of 98,583 GWh set in August 2006 .
While electric output levels fell across the nation , they decreased the most in the Central Industrial and West Central regions , by 6.0 % and 5.4 % respectively .
The South Central Region showed the smallest drop , by 1.1 % .
TEL AVIV ( Reuters ) - Micro- blogging site Twitter is interested in making more acquisitions as it continues to grow in popularity , co-founder Biz Stone said on Tuesday .
Biz Stone , co-founder of micro-blogging site Twitter , attends a news conference in Tel Aviv November 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gil Cohen Magen
“ That is something we are definitely interested in , ” Stone told a news conference in Tel Aviv .
“ We made an acquisition last year that turned out to be an outstandingly good decision . ”
He said there was nothing specific on the horizon .
“ As our attention is grabbed by some of these developers , we will take a hard look at them , ” Stone said .
Twitter bought search engine Summize in 2008 .
Stone said Twitter will “ start making money ” in 2010 as it unveils a plan early next year on how it will produce revenue through advertising .
He declined to give details but said advertising will be “ non-traditional . ”
“ There are no dates when we need to break even .
We have plenty of money in the bank , ” he said .
In September , Twitter received a new round of funding from investors including mutual fund giant T. Rowe Price and private equity firm Insight Venture Partners , which analysts said set the stage for an eventual initial public offering or sale .
According to a person familiar with the matter , the new funds totaled $ 100 million , theoretically valuing the company at $ 1 billion .
Stone on Monday said Twitter may eventually go to the stock market for funding if necessary .
Twitter , which lets people send , or tweet , 140 - character text messages to groups of “ followers , ” is one of the world ’s fastest - growing social Internet companies .
Worldwide visitors to its site hit 44.5 million in June , up 15 - fold from a year earlier , according to tracker comScore .
Twitter last month forged deals with Microsoft and Google to allow access for its real - time content .
It also linked up with professional social network site Linked In earlier in November .
Stone said Twitter was looking to “ partner with as many websites ” as possible and that Twitter would keep its platform open for developers .
Stone noted that for now , Twitter will be in English with a next wave into French , German , Italian and Spanish .
“ If that works out well , you will see more languages , ” he said .
It ’s always odd to see one of the cinema ’s few self - described atheists in religious garb .
But something about Paul Bettany says monk ( " The Reckoning , ” " The Da Vinci Code ” ) or archangel ( " Legion , ” which opens today ) .
" Were I playing Prometheus , I would n’t necessarily feel the need to believe in Zeus , ” he jokes .
" But I do n’t know why these fellows keep coming my way .
It is n’t in any way planned .
And there ’s a wide gap between an avenging angel and Charles Darwin . ”
This month , Bettany will be starring in movies opposite himself .
In " Legion , ” he ’s the archangel Michael , coming to Earth to help folks in a remote diner survive an assault from God ’s avenging angels .
And in the limited release " Creation , ” he ’s Charles Darwin , in love with a devoutly religious wife ( Jennifer Connelly , Mrs. Bettany ) but working out his Theory of Evolution and his relationship with her and his faith .
" When I ’m making a movie as Charles Darwin , I ’m sitting in my trailer , hankering to run around shooting vampires .
And when I ’m battling vampires ( as in " Priest , ” which opens this fall ) I think , ‘ It would be awfully nice to be in something nice and quiet with a lot of talking in it . ’
I ’m quite shallow that way . ”
So just as his turn as the dashing politician Lord Melbourne , favorite of Queen Victoria , in " The Young Victoria , ” leaves theaters , he dons wings and takes on " Legion . ”
" It ’s a fun thing to play because he ’s an angel who has the courage of his convictions .
He defies his boss .
And he ’s got quite the boss to defy , does n’t he ?
I do a movie like ‘ Legion ’ because I want to see an audience ’s popcorn jump up in the air !
I loved seeing those movies growing up .
‘ Dawn of the Dead ’ sticks with me .
What a thrill , this siege with just a handful of people , trapped in a shopping mall , battling an onslaught of zombies .
‘ Legion ’ is just like that , without zombies .
The ( computer - generated imagery ) guys put wings on me , and once you ’ve got wings , the rest is easy ! ”
Playing Darwin
" ‘ Creation ’ is a very unusual look at the life of a hero of mine .
There have n’t been many films about Darwin .
But Darwin is not the controversial figure in England he seems to be in America .
He ’s a national treasure .
I mean , he ’s been on the back of the 10 pound note ! ”
Bettany earned some of the best reviews of his career when " Creation ” played in Britain .
But he is more than happy to jolt viewers ’ popcorn as a warrior priest or archangel .
" People go to see ‘ Romeo and Juliet ’ to weep over dead people on stage at the end and thank God you ’re alive … You go see ‘ 2012 ’ to see the world destroyed , but you still get to leave the theater , get in a cab , and go home and feel relief at that vicarious thrill .
I love providing that thrill , when I can . ”
McClatchy - Tribune
Information Services
Some commenters on my Europe / euro post offer a reductio ad absurdum : if Spain should have its own currency , why not every state / town / family in America ?
Strange to say , economists have thought about that — a lot .
It ’s called optimal currency area theory .
( Optimal ?
Optimum ?
Nobody seems to know — or care ) .
The basic idea is that there ’s a tradeoff .
Having your own currency makes it easier to make necessary adjustments in prices and wages , an argument that goes back to none other than Milton Friedman .
As opposed to this , having multiple currencies raises the costs of doing business across national borders .
What determines which side of this tradeoff you should take ?
Clearly , countries that do a lot of trade with each other have more incentive to adopt a common currency : the euro makes more sense than a currency union between , say , Malaysia and Ecuador .
Beyond that , the literature suggests several other things that might matter .
High labor mobility makes it easier to adjust to asymmetric shocks ; so does fiscal integration .
When EMU began as a project , there were a number of studies comparing the EU with the United States .
What all of them suggested was that Europe was less suitable as a currency area , basically because of lower labor mobility and lack of fiscal union .
That did n’t settle the question of whether the euro was a good idea , but it did suggest that appealing to the success of the United States with a single currency did n’t tell you much .
What I ’ve always found interesting is the way many Europeans now insist that a single currency is absolutely essential , when the example of Canada — which is closer to the United States than it is to itself — provides an obvious counterexample .
But people tend to forget that Canada exists …
One smart suggestion I ’ve heard , sort of a riff on cap - and - trade , is that each person has an equal right to pollute and that there might somehow be a way to monetize this .
By this accounting , your average Ethiopian can sell her underpolluting ways ( people in Ethiopia emit about 0.1 ton of carbon a year ) to the average American ( about 20 tons a year ) and use the proceeds to deal with the effects of climate change ( like drought ) , educate her kids and send them to university .
( Trust in capitalism — we ’ll find a way . )
As a mild green , I like the idea , though it ’s controversial in militant , khaki - green quarters .
And yes , real economists would prefer to tax carbon at the source , but so far the political will is not there .
If it were me , I ’d close the deal before the rising nations want it backdated .
A Person ( Dr. William Li ) and a Word ( Angiogenesis )
Skip to next paragraph
Peter Arkle
Angiogenesis is the process by which new blood vessels grow .
This is good — except when it ’s very bad , as in the case of cancerous tumors .
Blood vessels are their supply lines .
Dr. William Li of the Angiogenesis Foundation has called research in this realm the “ first medical revolution of the 21st century , ” and he should know .
( I should n’t , given my lack of a medical pedigree , but I learned about it from my bandmate the Edge , who supports Dr. Li’s foundation . )
Work on angiogenesis inhibitors is at the vanguard .
In a world worrying about whether it can afford health care , advances in prevention are at a premium .
Image Bono Credit ...
Deirdre O'Callaghan
Factoid : Cancers start as tiny nests of malignant cells that do not enlarge until they recruit new vessels to deliver oxygen and nutrients ; then a cancer can expand 16,000 times in only two weeks .
Matter Does n’t Matter
Skip to next paragraph
Peter Arkle
God , it appears , is a Trekkie .
( God help us . )
Dr. Anton Zeilinger , an Austrian physicist , is becoming a rock star of science for his work in quantum teleportation , which I know very little about but which I think I may have achieved backstage one night in Berlin in the early 1990s .
At any rate , it seems to have something to do with teleporting properties or bits of information , not physical objects ; even though Dr. Zeilinger plays down the possibility of a “ Star Trek ” moment , his breakthroughs are catching the attention of the nonscientific world for their metaphysical implications .
His own version of E=mc2 ends in a cosmic punch line : that when it comes to the origin of the universe , information matters more than matter .
Could it be that God is a nerd ?
Festival of Abraham
Skip to next paragraph
Peter Arkle
Here ’s something that could never have happened in the Naughts but will maybe be possible in the Tweens or Teens — if there ’s a breakthrough in the Mideast peace process .
The idea is an arts festival that celebrates the origin of the three Abrahamic religions : Judaism , Christianity and Islam .
Every year it could be held in a different location ; Jerusalem would obviously be the best place to start .
In Ireland , at the height of the “ Troubles , ” it was said that the only solution for rabid sectarianism was to let 1,000 punk - rock bands bloom : music helped create a free space for dialogue ( of a high - volume variety ) .
So no politicians allowed .
Artists only .
Catching Up On Holiday Games , League of Legends , An Interview With Gaming Legend Sid Meier , Social Network Gaming , Your Emails and more !
This week , Julian sits down with Sid Meier to talk about the rise of Facebook , the future of strategy gaming , and the inevitability of co-op .
Afterward , the crew expand on the future of social gaming .
If you want to submit a question or comment call in to our voicemail line at ( 612 ) 284-4563 .
To contact us , email [ email protected ] !
Send us your thoughts on the show , pressing issues you want to talk about or whatever else is on your mind .
You can even send a 30 second audio question or comment ( MP3 format please ) if you 're so inclined .
You can also submit a question or comment call in to our voicemail line at ( 612 ) 284-4563 !
Sponsor
Good Old Games
Audiophoolery
by Ethan Winer
YOU MIGHT THINK that a science - based field like audio engineering would be immune to the kind of magical thinking we see in other fields .
Unfortunately , you would be wrong .
In my 35 years as a professional audio engineer and musician , I ’ve seen some of the most outrageous pseudoscience sold to consumers , and even to other audio pros who should know better .
Not unlike claims for alternative medicine , nonsense is shrouded in scientific - sounding jargon to confuse the uneducated , or a sales pitch will cite science that is legitimate but irrelevant .
The result is endless arguments among audiophiles over basic scientific principles that have been fully understood for fifty years or more .
As a consumerist , it galls me to see people pay thousands of dollars for fancy - looking wire that ’s no better than the heavy lamp cord they can buy at any hardware store .
Or magic isolation pads and little discs made from exotic hardwood that purport to “ improve clarity and reduce listening fatigue , ” among other surprising claims .
The number of scams based on ignorance of basic audio science grows every day .
Surely some of these vendors know they ’re selling snake oil , but I ’m certain that just as many believe their own hype .
I ’d respect these people more if I thought they knew they were conning people !
Few of us have unlimited budgets and must spend what funds we have wisely .
Therefore , the purpose of this article is to help consumers distinguish truth from fiction in order to determine what is and is not worthwhile .
Experience has shown that it ’s futile to claim I know what someone else can or cannot hear .
Therefore , I will relate only those things that matter to my experienced ears , and explain what makes sense from the perspective of science and logic .
You do n’t need an engineering degree to understand the explanations that follow , though I ’ll assume you ’ve played with a stereo receiver and CD player or cassette deck a few times .
I ’ll begin by defining the four basic audio parameters so that when I describe some common audiophile scams you ’ll understand why they are scams .
Audio Parameters Defined
Only four parameters are needed to define everything that matters for audio reproduction : Noise , frequency response , distortion , and timebased errors .
Let ’s look at each of these in turn .
1. Noise is the background hiss you hear when you turn your receiver way up , and you can also hear it during quiet passages when playing open reel or cassette tapes .
A close cousin is dynamic range , which defines the span ( expressed in decibels ) between the background noise and the loudest level possible before the onset of gross distortion .
CDs and DVDs have a very large dynamic range , so any noise you may hear was either from the original analog tape , was added as a byproduct during production , or was present in the room and picked up by the microphones when the recording was first made .
Subsets of noise are AC power - related hum and buzz , electronic crackling , vinyl record clicks and pops , between - station radio noises , tape modulation noise , and the triboelectric cable effect .
You ’re unlikely to notice tape modulation noise outside of a recording studio because it ’s specific to analog tape recorders , which are fast becoming obsolete , and it is usually hidden by the music itself .
You can sometimes hear it if you listen carefully to a recording of a bass solo , where each note is accompanied by a “ pfft ” sound that disappears between the notes .
The triboelectric effect is also called “ handling noise ” because it occurs when handling poorly made cables .
I have n’t seen a cable with this defect in about 20 years .
2. Frequency response is how uniformly a device responds over a range of frequencies .
Errors are heard as too much or too little bass , midrange , or treble .
For most people , the audible range extends from about 25 Hz at the low end , to just shy of 20 KHz at the high end .
Even though many audiophiles believe it ’s important for audio equipment to respond to frequencies far beyond 20 KHz , in truth there is no need to reproduce ultrasonic content because nobody can hear it .
Subsets of frequency response are physical microphonics , electronic ringing and oscillation , and acoustic ringing .
These subsets are not necessary for consumers to understand , but they are important to design engineers and acousticians .
3. Distortion is the common word for the more technical term nonlinearity , and it adds new frequency components that were not present in the original source .
When music passes through a device that adds distortion , new frequencies are created that may or may not be pleasing to the ear .
The design goal for audio equipment is that all distortion be so low in level that it ca n’t be heard .
I ’ll return later to the notion that distortion can be pleasing when I explain why some audiophiles prefer vinyl records and tube - based electronics .
There are two basic types of distortion — harmonic and intermodulation — and both are almost always present together .
Harmonic distortion adds new frequencies that are musically related to the source .
In layman terms , harmonic distortion adds a slightly thick or buzzy quality to music .
All musical instruments create tones having harmonics , so a device whose distortion adds a little more merely changes the instrument ’s character by some amount .
Electric guitar players use harmonic distortion — often lots of it — to turn a guitar ’s inherent plink - plink sound into a singing tone having great power and sustain .
Intermodulation ( IM ) distortion requires two or more frequencies to be present , and it ’s far more damaging because it creates new content that is musically unrelated to the original .
Even in relatively small amounts , intermodulation distortion adds a dissonant quality that is unpleasant to hear .
Another type of distortion is called aliasing , and it ’s unique to digital recording .
Like IM distortion , aliasing creates new frequencies not harmonically related to the original , and so is unpleasant and irritating to hear .
Fortunately , in all modern digital gear , aliasing is so low in level that it ’s inaudible .
4 . Time - based errors affect mainly pitch and tempo .
If you ’ve ever played an old LP record where the hole was not quite centered , you ’ve heard the pitch rise and fall with each revolution .
This is called wow .
Analog tape recorders suffer from a different type of pitch instability called flutter .
Unlike the slow pitch change of wow , flutter is more rapid , producing a warbling effect .
Digital recorders have a unique type of timing deviation called jitter , but with all modern equipment , jitter is so much softer than the music that you ’ll never hear it .
The last type of time - based error is phase shift , but it ’s benign even in relatively large amounts .
Room acoustics could be considered a fifth audio parameter , but it really is n’t .
Nearby room boundaries can create frequency response errors ( called comb filtering ) due to wave reflections combining in the air .
Reflections can also create audible echoes and reverb , but these are timebased phenomenon that occur outside the equipment , so they do n’t warrant their own category either .
The above parameters encompass everything that affects audio fidelity .
If a device has noise and distortion too low to hear , a response sufficient to capture the entire range of audible frequencies , and time - based errors small enough to be insignificant , then that device will be audibly transparent to music and other sound passing through it .
However , clarity and stereo imaging are greatly affected by room acoustics ; without question , the room you listen in has far more effect on sound quality than any of the audio components .
You may have noticed that several times I referred to errors that can be too soft to hear , like the inherent background noise of a CD , or are inaudible because they ’re much softer than the music and are thus masked by the music .
Masking is an important concept because it prevents us from hearing low - level artifacts in the presence of a source that is louder — especially if both contain similar frequencies .
For example , low frequency hum caused by a bad connection is the same volume whether the music is playing or not .
So when you stop the CD , you can more easily hear the hum .
If the music consists of a cymbal or tambourine only , you ’ll hear the hum even while the music plays because those instruments contain primarily high frequencies .
But when drums or a bass play , those instruments will probably mask the hum .
Some artifacts like tape modulation noise and jitter occur only while the music plays .
So unless they ’re fairly loud , they wo n’t be audible at all .
The Cable Guy
The earliest audio scam I can recall is fancy wire for connecting loudspeakers , and it ’s still going strong .
These days vendors claim their wire yields better sound quality when compared to normal wire , and , of course , it ’s much more expensive than normal wire .
In truth , the most important property of speaker wire is resistance , which is a function of its thickness .
The resistance must be low to pass the high - current signals a power amplifier delivers .
For short distances — say , up to five feet — 16 - gauge wire of any type is adequate , though thicker wire is needed for longer runs .
The three other wire parameters are inductance , capacitance , and skin effect .
But those are not a factor with usual cable lengths at audio frequencies , especially when connecting speakers to a power amplifier .
Low capacitance wire can be important in special cases , such as between a phonograph cartridge and its preamp .
But high quality , low capacitance wire can be had for pennies per foot .
Wire scams are very popular because wire is a low - tech device that ’s simple to manufacture and the profit margin is extremely high .
I could devote this entire article to wire scams , but instead I ’ll just summarize that any audio ( or video ) cable costing more than a few dollars per foot is a rip - off .
Even sillier than expensive speaker wire is replacement AC power cords and most other power “ conditioner ” products .
The sales claims sound logical : Noise and static can get into your gear through the power line and damage the sound .
In severe cases it ’s possible for powerrelated clicks and buzzes to get into your system , but those are easily noticed .
The suggestion that subtle changes in “ clarity and presence ” can occur is plain fraud .
Indeed , every competent circuit designer knows how to filter out power line noise , and such protection is routinely added to all commercial audio products .
Spending hundreds of dollars on a six - foot replacement power cord ignores the other hundred - odd feet of regular wire between the wall outlet and power pole .
Some audio scams are so blatant you wonder how anyone could fall for them , like a replacement volume control knob that sells for $ 485 .
The ad copy proclaims , “ The new knobs are custom made with beech wood and bronze … How can this make a difference ???
Well , hearing is believing as we always say .
The sound becomes much more open and free flowing with a nice improvement in resolution .
Dynamics are better and overall naturalness is improved . ”
Yes , I bet that ’s just what they always say .
Wood is a common theme among audiophile scams , falsely implying a relation to a fine old violin where the wood ’s vibration really is a part of the sound .
But a volume control knob ?
Do You Hear What I Hear ?
Among devoted audiophiles , one of the most hotly debated topics is the notion that ultrasonic frequencies are necessary for high fidelity reproduction .
Put aside for a moment that no human can hear much past 20 KHz .
Few microphones respond to frequencies beyond that , and even fewer loudspeakers can reproduce that high .
If maintaining an extended frequency response were free , I ’d have little objection .
But in this digital age , storing frequencies higher than necessary waste memory , media space , and bandwidth .
Even sillier is the way audio is handled on DVD soundtracks .
DVDs accommodate frequencies up to 96 KHz , but then “ lossy ” data compression — which results in an audible loss in quality — is often needed to make it fit !
Record companies and equipment manufacturers just love that millions of people replaced all their old LPs and cassettes with CDs .
They ’re trying very hard to get us to buy all the same titles , and new gear to play them , yet again with the false promise of fidelity that exceeds CDs .
Another popular scam is mechanical isolation devices .
The claims have a remote basis in science that are skewed to suggest importance where none is justified .
If you ever owned a turntable , you know how sensitive it can be to mechanical vibration .
Unless you walk lightly , the record can skip , and if you turn up the volume too high , you ’ll get a low frequency feedback .
A turntable is a mechanical device that relies on physical contact between the needle and the record ’s surface .
CDs ( and DVDs ) work on an entirely different principle that is immune to mechanical vibration .
As the CD spins , the digital data is read into a memory buffer , and from there it is sent to your receiver or headphones .
Several seconds of music are always in the player ’s buffer , so if the player is jostled enough that the CD mistracks , it simply sends from the buffer until the drive can find its place again .
Large buffers are common on CD players meant for joggers for this exact reason .
Isolation has no advantage for other electronic gear either .
You can spend thousands of dollars on fancy isolation devices for preamps and receivers , yet they do n’t improve the sound even a tiny bit ( though mechanical isolation with loudspeakers is valid ) .
A related scam is cable elevators — small devices that prevent your wires from touching the floor .
Like so many other audiophile “ tweak ” products , the claims for cable elevators sound magical , and they surely are .
Bi-wiring is a more recent scam , and it ’s a pretend relative to bi-amping , which is legitimate .
No single speaker driver can reproduce the entire range of audible frequencies , so manufacturers use two or three drivers — called woofers and tweeters — to handle the different ranges .
Biamping splits the audio into low / high or low / mid / high ranges , and each range is sent to a separate power amplifier that in turn powers each speaker driver .
This avoids passive crossovers that add distortion .
Bi-wiring uses two separate speaker wires , but they ’re both connected to the same single power amplifier and a passive crossover !
Vinyl records and vacuum tube equipment are very popular with devoted audiophiles who believe these old school technologies more faithfully reproduce subtle nuance .
There ’s no question that LPs and tubes sound different from CDs and solid state gear .
But are they better ?
Not in any way you could possibly measure .
Common to both is much higher distortion ; LPs in particular have more inherent noise and a poorer high frequency response , especially when playing the inner grooves .
I ’m convinced that some people prefer tubes and vinyl because the subtle distortion they add sounds pleasing to them .
Adding small amounts of distortion can make a recording sound more cohesive , for lack of a better word .
Recording engineers sometimes add distortion intentionally to imitate the sound of tubes and analog tape , and I ’ve done this myself .
Simply copying a song to a cassette tape and back adds a slight thickening that can be pleasing if the instrumentation is sparse .
But clearly this is an artificial effect , not higher fidelity .
Other common scams are small devices that claim to improve room acoustics .
You can pay a hundred dollars each for small pieces of rare wood the size and shape of hockey pucks .
The sellers instruct you to place them around your room to improve its acoustics .
But with acoustics , what matters is covering a sufficient percentage of the room ’s surface .
Real acoustic treatment is large and not always conducive to a living room ( as my wife will attest ) , so lots of folks want very much to believe that something small and unobtrusive will solve their bad acoustics .
If only it were possible .
Free , But Stupid Anyway
The key to identifying most audio scams is the very high prices charged .
As an audio pro , I know that $ 1,000 can buy a state of the art power amplifier .
So it makes no sense to pay , say , $ 17,000 for an amplifier that is no better and may well be worse .
However , some scams are more like urban legends — no products are sold , but they ’re still a waste of time .
For example , one early legend was that you can improve the sound of a CD by painting its outer edge with a green felt marker pen .
Yes , it must be green .
( I guess other colors wo n’t create the proper energy field . )
A related legend is that cables and electronic devices must be “ broken in ” for some period of time before they achieve their final highest fidelity .
Aside from a manufacturing defect , the notion that wire or a solid state circuit changes audibly over time makes no sense .
This legend becomes a scam when you deal with a vendor who says you must break in the product for 90 days to realize a benefit .
Why 90 days ?
Because credit card purchases are protected for only 60 days .
The Devil is in the Details
As you have learned , all four audio parameters are important , but what matters most is their magnitude .
Test data is sometimes graphed at low resolution to hide the true performance .
So a frequency response line may look reasonably straight , implying a uniform response , yet a closer examination shows that each vertical division on the graph represents a substantial deviation .
Using excessively large graph divisions is just another way scammers try to fool uneducated buyers .
Many ( but not all ) audiophile magazine reviews include impressive - looking graphs that imply science but are sorely lacking if you know what the graphs actually mean .
Numerous irrelevant data is presented while important specs are omitted .
For example , the phase response of a loudspeaker is shown but not its distortion , which is far more important .
One magazine recently reviewed a $ 4,400 tube preamplifier so poorly designed that it verged on self - oscillation ( a high - pitched squealing sound ) .
The reviewer even acknowledged the defect , yet still summarized by saying , “ Impressive , and very highly recommended . ”
The ignorance and misguided loyalty of some audiophile magazines is a significant problem in this business .
item of interest …
The Bottom Line
Many of the scams I have described do have a factual basis in science , but the effects are so infinitesimal that they can’t possibly make audible differences .
I often see “ believers ” proclaim that science has not yet found a way to measure what they are convinced they can hear .
In truth , it ’s quite the other way around .
We can easily measure jitter that ’s 120 dB below the music , which is a typical amount and is about 1,000 times softer than could be audible .
Likewise for distortion , frequency response , and noise , especially when you factor in the ear ’s susceptibility to masking .
Many audiophiles truly believe they hear a change in quality , even when none can possibly exist .
The biggest variables in audio quality come from transducers — microphones and loudspeakers that , being mechanical devices , must physically vibrate .
When assessing frequency response and distortion , the finest loudspeakers in the world are far worse than the cheapest electronic device .
And any room you put the speakers in will exaggerate that already poor response even further .
Like the Emperor ’s New Clothes , many people let themselves be conned into believing that a higher truth exists , even if they can not hear it .
There is no disputing that hearing can be improved with practice and that you can learn to recognize detail , but that ’s not the same as imagining something that does n’t exist at all .
And , logically speaking , just because a large number of people believe something does not alone make it true .
It can be difficult to prove or disprove issues like those I have presented here because human auditory perception is so fragile and our memory is so short .
With A/B testing — where you switch between one version and another to audition the difference — it is mandatory that the switch be performed very quickly .
If it takes you fifteen minutes to hook up a replacement amplifier , it will be very hard to tell if there truly was a difference , compared to being able to switch between them instantly .
Even when switching quickly , it is important that both amplifiers be set to exactly the same volume level .
When all else is equal , people will generally pick the brighter ( or just louder ) version as sounding better , unless of course it was already too loud or bright .
People sometimes report a difference even in an “ A / A ” test , where nothing changed !
And just because something sounds “ better , ” it is not necessarily higher fidelity .
Boosting the treble and bass tone controls often makes music sound “ better , ” but that is not more faithful to the original source material .
Beliefs and the placebo effect are very strong .
When people argue about things like this on the Internet , it ’s commonly referred to as “ religious arguments . ”
I ’ve even heard people argue against double - blind testing , claiming such tests “ break the mood ” and thus invalidate the results .
Sound familiar ?
That ’s just like the psychics who , when tested publicly , blame their failure on negative vibes from the skeptical testers .
Psychological factors like expectation and fatigue are equally important .
If I brag to a friend how great my home theater sounds and that person comes for a visit , it always sounds worse to me while we ’re both listening .
Finally , it is important to consider the source of any claim , though someone ’s financial interest in a product does n’t mean the claims are necessarily untrue .
But there ’s more than a little truth to the popular sentiment , “ The most important person in a company that makes audiophile speaker wire is the head of marketing . ”
Tim Shipamn
Mail Online
December 5 , 2009
[ efoods ]
Six doctors who believe government scientist David Kelly was murdered have launched a ground - breaking legal action to demand the inquest into his death is reopened .
They are to publish a hard - hitting report which they claim proves the weapons expert did not commit suicide as the Hutton Report decided .
They have also engaged lawyers to write to Attorney General Baroness Scotland and the coroner Nicholas Gardiner calling for a full re-examination of the circumstances of his death .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Howard Zinn was above all a gentleman of unflagging grace , humility and compassion .
No American historian has left a more lasting positive legacy on our understanding of the true nature of our county , mainly because his books reflect a soul possessed of limitless depth .
Howard ’s PEOPLE’S HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES will not be surpassed .
As time goes on new chapters will be written in its spirit to extend its reach .
But his timeless masterpiece broke astonishing new ground both in its point of view and its comprehensive nature .
The very idea of presenting the American story from the point of view of the common citizen was itself revolutionary .
That he pulled it off with such apparent ease and readability borders on the miraculous .
That at least a million Americans have bought and read it means that its on - going influence is immense .
It is truly a history book that has and will continue to change history for the better .
But that does n’t begin to account for Howard ’s personal influence .
He was a warm , unfailingly friendly compadre .
He shared a beautiful partnership with his wonderful wife Roz , a brilliant , thoroughly committed social worker about whom he once said : “ You and I just talk about changing the world .
She actually does it . ”
But Howard was no ivory tower academic .
His lectures were engaging , exciting and inspirational .
But they took on an added dimension because he was personally engaged , committed and effective .
He chose to write books and articles in ways that could impact the world in which they were published .
He showed up when he was needed , and always had a sixth sense about exactly what to say , and how .
Perhaps the most meaningful tribute to pay this amazing man is to say how he affected us directly .
Here are two stories I know intimately :
In 1974 , my organic commune - mate Sam Lovejoy toppled a weather tower as a protest against the coming of a nuclear power plant .
When Sam needed someone to testify on how this act of civil disobedience fit into the fabric of our nation ’s history , Howard did not hesitate .
His testimony in that Springfield , Massachusetts courtroom ( see “ Lovejoy ’s Nuclear War ” via www.gmpfilms.com) remains a classic discourse on the sanctity of non-violent direct action and its place in our national soul .
( Sam was acquitted , and we stopped that nuke ! )
Three years earlier I sent Howard a rambling 300 - page manuscript under the absurdly presumptuous title A PEOPLE ’S HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES , 1860 - 1920 .
Written in a drafty communal garage in the Massachusetts hills by a long - haired 20 - something graduate school dropout , the manuscript had been rejected by virtually every publisher in America , often accompanied with nasty notes to the tune of : “ NEVER send us anything like this again . ”
But I sent a copy to Howard , whom I had never met .
He replied with a cordial note typed on a single sheet of yellow paper , which I still treasure .
I showed it to Hugh Van Dusen at Harper & Row , who basically said Harper had no idea why anyone would ever read such a book , but that if Howard Zinn would write an introduction , they ’d publish it ( though under a more appropriate title ) .
He did , and they did … and my life was changed forever .
Thankfully ,
Hugh then had the good sense to ask Howard to write a REAL people ’s history by someone --- the ONLY one --- who could handle the job .
He did …. and ALL our lives have been changed forever .
Howard labored long and hard on his masterpiece , always retaining that astonishing mixture of humor and humility that made him such a unique and irreplaceable treasure .
No one ever wrote or spoke with a greater instinct for the True and Vital .
His unfailing instinct for what is just and important never failed him --- or us .
The gentle , lilting sound of his voice put it all to unforgettable music that will resonate through the ages .
A few days ago I wrote Howard asking if he ’d consider working on a film about the great Socialist labor leader Eugene V. Debs , whose story Howard 's books have uniquely illuminated .
Eugene V. Debs was beloved by millions of Americans who treasured not only his clarity of a shared vision for this nation , but his unshakeable honesty and unquestioned integrity .
Debs ran five times for president .
He conducted his last campaign from a federal prison cell in Atlanta , where he was locked up by Woodrow Wilson .
He got a million votes ( that we know of ) .
“ While there is a soul in prison , ” he said , unforgettably , “ I am not free . ”
Debs had deeply shaken Wilson with his brilliant , immeasurably powerful opposition to America ’s foolish and unjust entry into World War I , and his demands for a society in which all fairly shared .
In the course of his magnificent decades as our pre-eminent labor leader , Debs established a clear vision of where this nation could and should go for a just , sustainable future .
Enshrined in Howard ’s histories , it remains a shining beacon of what remains to be done .
Through his decades as our pre-eminent people ’s historian , through his activism , his clarity and his warm genius , Howard Zinn was also an American Mahatma , a truly great soul , capable of affecting us all .
Like Eugene V. Debs , it is no cliché to say that Howard Zinn truly lives uniquely on at the core of our national soul .
His PEOPLE ’S HISTORY and the gift of his being just who he was , remains an immeasurable , irreplaceable treasure .
Thanks ,
Howard , for more than we can begin to say .
Pictured below is what ’s known as a skimmer , or a device made to be affixed to the mouth of an ATM and secretly swipe credit and debit card information when bank customers slip their cards into the machines to pull out money .
Skimmers have been around for years , of course , but thieves are constantly improving them , and the device pictured below is a perfect example of that evolution .
This particular skimmer was found Dec. 6 , 2009 , attached to the front of a Citibank ATM in Woodland Hills , Calif .
Would you have been able to spot this ?
This is a fairly professional job :
Notice how the bulk of the electronics fit into the flap below the card acceptance slot .
Also , check out the tiny pinhole camera ( pictured below ) , ostensibly designed to switch on and record the victim ’s movements as he or she enters their PIN at the ATM .
It ’s hard to know whether this was a homemade skimmer , or one that was purchased from online criminal forums .
Some of the skimmers sold on these forums are extremely sophisticated , incorporating features such the ability to send an SMS text message to the thieves ’ mobile phone whenever a new card is swiped .
This type of fraud is actually far more common that you might think : A quick query on Twitter for “ ATM skimmer ” usually brings up plenty of local news reports about these devices being found on ATMs .
Practice basic ATM street smarts and you should have little to fear from these skimmers :
If you see something that does n’t look right — such as a odd protrusion or off - color component on an ATM — consider going to another machine .
Also , stay away from ATMs that are not located in publicly visible and well - lit areas .
Update , 12:10 p.m : Mikko Hypponen from F - Secure sent in a few fascinating Twitter pics of other ATM skimmers that include ingenious ways to send the stolen credentials to the scammers .
If you liked this post , please check out my follow - up posts on ATM skimmers : ,
ATM Skimmers Part II , includes an entire gallery of ATM skimmer images .
Would You Have Spotted This ATM Fraud ?
Delves into some of the rent - to - own skimmer models .
Fun With ATM
Skimmers , Part III Examining the skimmer problem in Europe (+ more skimmer photos ! ) .
ATM Skimmers : Separating Cruft from Craft Skimmer scammers are everywhere !
Only buy your skimmer devices from real thieves !
Sophisticated ATM Skimmer Transmits Stolen Data Via Text Message Skimmers with embedded cell phones allow thieves to continue stealing credentials without ever returning to the scene of the crime .
Skimmers Siphoning Card Data at the Pump Skimmers are n’t just for ATMs .
Tags : atm skimmer , citibank , twitter
Last month a court rejected calls from Hollywood to order the shutdown of the OpenBitTorrent tracker .
Unsatisfied with the decision , the studios are now taking their case to appeal , stating that the ISP who hosts the site is no different to landlords who knowingly allow prostitution on their premises .
In November , Swedish ISP Portlane was sued by several Hollywood studios for hosting the OpenBitTorrent ( OBT ) tracker , claiming that the ISP is contributing to copyright infringements carried out via the site .
Hollywood lawyer Monique Wadsted , seemingly without any solid proof above mere suspicion , said her clients believe that OBT is simply a re-branded version of the tracker previously operated by The Pirate Bay .
In December 2009 , the case went to court .
For the studios , the outcome was n’t good .
Even though it was agreed that OpenBitTorrent was being used in some cases to facilitate the distribution of copyright works , the Stockholm District Court rejected calls to force Portlane to close down the site .
OpenBitTorrent , Hollywood ’s latest target
The court ruled that Portlane would have to be doing more than just hosting the site in order to be considered guilty of contributing to copyright infringement .
The District Court ’s decision was interim and the issue is set to be settled fully sometime next summer .
Unsatisfied with this decision , the 13 Hollywood studios who brought the action against Portlane are now taking their case to the Court of Appeal .
The application says that Portlane has not done enough to stop the illicit file - sharing claimed to be facilitated by OpenBitTorrent , so the ISP should take responsibility for the infringements .
Going on to incorporate an interesting sexual analogy , the studios are comparing Portlane with property owners who knowing allow prostitution on their premises without doing anything to stop it .
Just like those that ignore the sex - for - money activities of their tenants , the studios say that by turning a blind eye to activities on OpenBitTorrent , Portlane should be deemed to have encouraged law breaking via the tracker .
And so when Lieberman was nixed at the last minute by state party chairmen and their allies , we had the specter of Rick Davis actually scrambling through Google to find a woman - any woman - who could complement McCain .
The sexism was due to Davis ' and Schmidt's and McCain 's bizarre notion that alienated Clinton primary voters would flock to a cranky old pro-lifer as long as someone with estrogen was his Number Two .
The sheer distance from reality this implies and the identity politics it represents found its natural apotheosis in Palin : also detached from reality , and also an identity politics candidate - but not for women , as it turned out , but for the white Christianist far - right .
And so McCain triggered a rebirth of the old GOP more akin to the party before Buckley - with racists , extremists and religious nuts defining the party 's base , as they still do .
This was a farce ; a joke ; a disaster .
Palin had no notion of basic high school history .
She barely understood what the Cold War was .
She did n't know what the Federal Reserve did .
She believed that her First Amendment rights meant she was protected from press inquiries .
She could n't tell you why there 's a North and a South Korea .
And she had an inability to distinguish between her own view of the world - which always rationalized everything that Sarah Palin did - and reality .
This discovery then led to the elaborate and panicked strategy of shielding Palin from any direct press scrutiny - she held zero open press conferences in the campaign - and the desperate attempts to cram as much into her brain before the one - on - one media interviews and the veep debate .
She also , as Schmidt details , had a capacity for saying things that were demonstrably untrue , even repeating them forcefully after the world had moved on .
The Dish chronicled this bizarre record as it unfolded , but the more we found out about her , the loopier she seemed .
Inside , we now know , it became clear to many McCain aides that it was simply irresponsible to allow her to assume the office of vice - presidency .
Their patriotism eventually came to the fore , as they contemplated the horror of this total novice and ignoramus - however sexy and eager to learn - actually running the United States .
The responsible thing to have done , of course , would have been to have taken her off the ticket early on .
But that , of course , would have destroyed what was left of McCain 's chances .
For a presidential candidate to concede that his first significant presidential decision had been a total fiasco would be to concede that he should n't be president .
And indeed , McCain should n't have been president .
In fact , he should in my view resign from the Senate because his conduct of the last campaign revealed that he put narrow partisan interests ahead of core patriotic ones .
He was prepared to allow someone to replace him as president who , his own staff believed , could be " mentally unstable . "
( CNN ) --
The maker of Zhu Zhu hamsters , one of the hottest - selling toys of the holiday season , defended its product after a consumer
Web site said one of the toy hamsters carries high amounts of a potentially hazardous substance .
The light - brown version of the Zhu Zhu hamsters , " Mister Squiggles , " has unsafe levels of antimony , according to Dara O'Rourke , co-founder of the California - based GoodGuide .
" We found levels of about 93 to 106 parts per million , " O'Rourke told CNN .
" The new federal standard is about 60 parts per million . "
Antimony is used in textiles and plastics to prevent them from catching fire , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Agency for Toxic Substance and Disease Registry .
Prolonged exposure can cause lung and heart problems , ulcers and diarrhea , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control .
The toy manufacturer , St. Louis , Missouri - based Cepia LLC , disputed GoodGuide 's findings and said its products are safe .
" All our products are subjected to several levels of rigorous safety testing conducted by our own internal teams , as well as the world 's leading independent quality assurance testing organization , and also by independent labs engaged by our retail partners , " Russ Hornsby , CEO of Cepia , said in a written statement .
" The results of every test prove that our products are in compliance with all government and industry safety standards . "
Bruce Katz , a senior vice president of Cepia , told CNN : " They do not contain high levels of antimony in any way . "
" None of these tests have failed over the many months we 've been producing this product , " Katz said .
The toys are popular in Europe as well as in the United States .
Their British distributor , Character Options , said the products , sold there as " Go Go Pets , " are " fully compliant " with U.S. and European Union standards .
" In addition , as part of Character Options ' standard due diligence , the toy has been further tested on three separate occasions by the company 's own safety experts and found to fully comply with all EU standards , " the company said in a statement issued Sunday .
GoodGuide is a " for benefit organization " that partners with for - profit businesses and addresses social and environmental problems , according to its Web site .
CNN 's Brendan Gage contributed to this report .
A health insurer lost 1.5 million patient records last May but waited six months to disclose the incident .
The data , which was stored on a portable disk drive that disappeared from the insurer 's office , was unencrypted and included patient Social Security numbers , bank account numbers and health data , according to the Hartford Courant .
The disk also contained personal information on at least 5,000 physicians .
Health
Net discovered the loss in May but never informed patients , law enforcement or government entities , despite data breach laws in some states that require data spillers to notify victims and state officials when residents are affected by a breach .
The insurer finally sent a letter to Connecticut 's attorney general and the state 's Department of Insurance this week .
Health
Net claimed it took six months to determine what data was on the missing disk .
It said that data on the disk was compressed and stored in an image format that required special software to view , which was available only to HealthNet .
" Another day , another data breach , " said Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal in a statement .
" But companies still do n't get it : Personal information is like cash and should be guarded with equal care . "
Blumenthal vowed to pursue an investigation and legal action against the insurer .
About 450,000 of the patients affected by the data loss are residents of Connecticut , which has a breach notification law .
Patients in Arizona , New Jersey and New York were also affected .
" My investigation will seek to establish what happened and why the company kept its customers and the state in the dark for so long , " Blumenthal told the Hartford Business Journal .
" The company 's failure to safeguard such sensitive information and inform consumers of its loss – leaving them naked to identity theft – may have violated state and federal laws .
I will vigorously and aggressively seek damages , penalties and other appropriate remedies , if warranted . "
On a separate note , a second health insurer mailed 80,000 postcards to Medicare recipients last week that listed the patient 's Social Security number on the front of the card beneath the patient 's name .
Universal American Action Network , a subsidiary of Universal American Insurance , blamed the company that printed the cards for the error but did n't explain why the company had the patient Social Security numbers in the first place .
The data leak affected patients enrolled in the Medicate Advantage plan , which uses a patient 's Social Security number as his Medicare account number .
Photo : / Flickr
JMJ Wetsuits have developed RDT wetsuits from Star Trek The Original Series .
They are available in Command Yellow , Engineering Red and Science Blue .
Themed as such you ’d have a great time underwater with your “ away team ” as your dive instructor takes the gold shirt , your assistant DM takes the blue and everyone else wears red .
Or wait .
That might not be a good idea as you all know what happens to red shirts in away missions …
For the longest time I ’ve been looking for themed wetsuits as the ones you ’d see by Scubapro , EXCEL , Henderson , and MARES are all just the same old thing you find underwater .
The good news is that there are customized wetsuits around — Superman , Spiderman ( sorry no pics ! ) but these are made by third parties who ca n’t assure you of great quality .
These however are authentic , real - deal wetsuits that any diver or surfer can use to explore above and below the surface of the ocean .
The wetsuits are available in 3 mm , 5 mm , and 7 mm depending on what type of water you ’re diving in and are all custom made .
To order , you ’d need to send in your measurements .
Roddenberry has a detailed guide on what exactly you should send in .
So which one should you get ?
My honest recommendation would be to go for the red suit as it looks astounding underwater ( my dive gear is themed to red fins and gloves with everything else black ) .
Blue is OK — I mean , the ocean is already blue - ish so if you ’re after great photos , red may still be a better choice unless you really want to keep to the theme of a science officer discovering the a new sub species of nudibranch .
If you want to attract sharks , yellow is what you want to wear .
RDT Star Trek : The Original Series Wetsuit ( 3MM ) — Price : $ 434.95
RDT Star Trek : The Original Series Wetsuit ( 5 MM ) — Price : $ 459.95
RDT Star Trek : The Original Series Wetsuit ( 7MM ) — Price : $ 469.95
Delivery takes 6 - 8 weeks .
If you check out their dive apparel , they also have custom post - dive parkas and USS tank wraps ( more hassle than useful to be honest ) .
The stickers are great though .
The two European countries that have suffered most from the economic crisis are arguably Ukraine and Latvia .
The two have a lot in common as they both used to be part of the Soviet Union , and as a result both have a large ethnic Russian minority .
Both are seeing its population shrink due to a low birth rate .
Both saw big output declines in the 1990s , followed by very rapid growth throughout most of the 2000s .
In both cases , the booms were in part the result of tax cuts , in part the result of inflationary credit .
Because of the latter factor , both had huge current account deficits at the peak of their booms .
There are significant differences however , not least in terms of currency policy .
Latvia 's currency , the lat , has a fixed exchange rate against the euro , while the Ukrainian currency , the hryvnia , has a floating exchange rate , or perhaps more accurately a sinking exchange rate , with the hryvnia losing more than a third of its value against the euro and the lat ( which in inverted terms means that the the euro and the lat is up more than 50 % against the hryvnia ) .
Both have had really dramatic declines in output .
The question of which of these two countries had the biggest drop depends on what measure of GDP change you use .
Using the standard volume measure , it is Latvia .
Latvia 's volume GDP dropped by 19 % in the year to the third quarter , while Ukraine saw its volume GDP drop by 15.9 % during the same period .
Using the more accurate terms of trade adjusted measure however , Ukraine has had the biggest drop in output .
Adjusted for terms of trade , Latvia 's drop in GDP was 20 % , while Ukraine 's adjusted GDP dropped by 22.5 % .
The reason for this is that import prices in Ukraine rose as much as 74.5 % while export prices rose by " only " 49.8 % .
In Latvia the difference was much smaller with import prices falling 7.4 % while export prices fell 10.3 % .
Still , regardless of what gauge you use the difference is n't that dramatic .
Both Latvia and Ukraine have clearly been in an economic depression .
The main difference is that Latvia is in a deflationary depression , while Ukraine is in an inflationary depression .
The domestic demand deflator fell 2.5 % in the third quarter in Latvia , while it rose 13.9 % in Ukraine .
This difference can be directly attributed to the difference in currency policy , something which is illustrated by the fact that export and import prices fell even more than domestic prices in Latvia , while export and import prices rose far more than domestic prices in Ukraine .
How has this difference in currency policy affected the depth of their depressions ?
As I noted in my discussion of the pros and cons of a devaluation in Latvia , it can be expected that devaluation in an ideal situation ( with no foreign currency debt ) would make the slump milder in the short term , while also producing a lower adjustment .
However , given the reality of large foreign currency debts , the above will not necessarily hold true , and the big slump in Ukraine ( which like Latvia has large foreign currency debts ) confirms that devaluation does little to ease the slump in output .
The main benefit produced by the devaluation / inflation path of Ukraine is that the increase in unemployment has been limited , rising from 6.5 % to 9.4 % in the latest year .
By contrast , unemployment has increased far more in Latvia , from 10.2 % to 22.3 %
The reason why the increase in unemployment has been much smaller in Ukraine is that the high level of inflation there has reduced real wages dramatically , by more than 10 % .
By contrast , real wages have dropped only about 4 % in Latvia given the 2.5 % deflation rate ( and only 1 % in the private sector ) , and the small drop we 've seen can mostly be attributed to the consumption tax increase .
This illustrates again how the key to reducing unemployment is wage flexibility - which in this context means that real wages must be reduced .
Outsourcing : The word American developers love to hate .
There are lots of stories out there about failed efforts that involve offshore development ( “ offshoring ” ) .
I even have a few myself .
But this post is not about bashing outsourcing countries , the cheapskates that hire them , or the project managers who ca n’t control the resulting chaos .
This is about understanding why we have such a difficult time making offshore development work before any of those folks get involved .
Airline Disasters and PDI
What got me thinking about this subject was the book Outliers : The Story of Success , by Malcolm Gladwell .
In it , Gladwell discusses the reason for a series of catastrophic airline failures .
Without repeating most of his excellent dialogue in the book , here ’s the Cliff Notes version :
There was a study by Geert Hofstede , where he tracked the Power Distance Index ( PDI ) among selected world countries .
The Power Distance Index is an incredibly important measure of how a person in a country would generally react to an authoritarian figure .
Countries with high PDI would have more people willing to accept an authoritarian power figure in a paternalistic sort of way .
Like how you might defer to your father ’s decisions , or to a king ’s requests , for example .
People in higher PDI countries are less likely to question authority and more willing to accept instructions from those in higher positions of society .
Lower PDI countries are characterized by subordinates being more willing to question the orders of a superior .
Low PDI countries have people that tend to view themselves more like those in power than not .
In other words , you might judge yourself to be much like your boss in a low PDI country .
Crashes Caused By Power Differences
The NTSB regularly investigates airplane crashes to determine causes , but investigators were unnerved in the late 1990s to find a pattern of fatal crashes were found to be very airline ( and also country ) specific .
These two airlines with frightening records were Korean Airlines and Colombian Airlines .
The fatal crashes all had common attributes :
The pilots did n’t make any single fatal error .
They all started with several smaller errors that gradually built up to a catastrophic failure .
For any airline , the First Officers are always trained to double - check the Captain ’s orders .
This is a safety protocol that prevents single - person failures from happening .
It is the First Officer ’s duty to question and even override the Captain if the order he gives is unsound or improper .
In these particular cases , the black - box recordings indicated that the First Officers were hinting at problems , but were not strongly identifying them in a way that would make it very obvious .
Nor did they explicitly tell the Captain that he was acting against normal procedures .
Power Means Fear of Communication
In the aftermath , an astute researcher matched up the Hofstede PDI data with these two countries and found that both Korea and Colombia are high on the PDI scale .
What were the implications of this ?
Clearly , a power difference would have existed in the cockpit between the First Officer and Captain .
The manner of communication between superiors and subordinates is very different if you are from a high PDI country than a lower one .
In a high PDI country , a subordinate must use the proper language , body posture , facial expressions and tone when communicating with a person of higher status or power .
In Korean , for example , there are no less than six distinct ways to address someone from the most formal to the least .
In the United States ( a lower PDI country ) , we have a much looser style ( “ Sir ” , which could apply to a General as much as a Lieutenant in the military , or even your father in some situations ) .
This disparity of power created hesitance on the part of the First Officer to embarrass his Captain when the Captain made mistakes ( and in each of these cases , at least 3 mistakes were made ) .
So instead of using a direct method of communication ( “ This weather is really bad , we should turn back immediately or regroup for another airport ” ) , he used a more subtle , formal and proper one ( “ Sir , look how it is raining outside . ” ) .
The implication of a high PDI country is that there is a rich subtext going on between the two communicators .
But that subtext assumes that both sides are alert , paying attention and can clearly understand the implicit signals .
In the case of the airlines , the Captain was almost always sleep deprived and exhausted by the time the situation arose , making that communication impossible .
The researcher concluded that the pilots were inside a cultural framework that dictated how they should behave at a time when those behaviors turned out to be detrimental and outright dangerous to the safety and welfare of the passengers .
In other words , the fact they came from high PDI countries made it impossible for the proper communication to take place when it was most necessary to be plain and step outside the traditional power roles of these cultures .
Past Outsourcing Blames
What does all this have to do with outsourcing ?
First , we need to understand why outsourcing has traditionally “ failed ” , according to both buyers ( those who purchase outsourced services ) and providers ( those who perform the service in their local country , or send people to other countries to perform services ) .
Here ’s a graph of combined data about a survey regarded failed projects from 2004 .
The data are still relevant to today ’s discussion .
( Source : The Outsourcing Center )
Notice the even distribution of reasons once the provider & buyer survey data is combined .
This is interesting because neither party can clearly point to a single , differentiating causation factor in the failure of outsourced projects .
But I believe that ’s because they asked the wrong questions in the survey .
The Real Issue with Outsourcing is Power Difference
If you have a buyer from a lower PDI country and a provider from a higher PDI country , there are already implicit consequences to your interaction that neither party will know about without prior outsourcing experience or natural cultural awareness ( 1 ) .
And even with that experience , it ’s not a given that they will understand the reasons behind the challenges of outsourcing .
Let me create an example from my own personal experience :
Suppose you had an American company ( Buyer ) and an Indian company ( Provider ) .
The American company contracts with the Indian one to provide offshore outsourced software development at a fixed price per developer .
Certain key performance indicators are agreed upon by both parties and the game is afoot .
Let ’s also assume the Indians agree to a six month project to write a content management system for the Americans .
A typical scenario of engagement might follow like this : (2) The first month , everyone hammers out the requirements documents and in a great ball of fury , declares them sound and ready for implementation .
The American company at this point would typically reduce the daily oversight on the project to something more reasonable , like weekly updates .
The second , third and maybe even fourth months pass with little fanfare .
The Indian developers are quietly building the specified software and the Americans are receiving updates about it that are all positive and sound great .
At some point , the American company asks for a demo of the progress to date .
The Indians put together something after a bit of negotiation ( since the Americans neglected to mention the demo as a deliverable before the end ) .
The Americans see the actual software and fly off the handle .
Performance is awful , the screens do n’t look anything like what they want , and the software appears to be behind schedule .
Further code reviews by American developers indicate that the code quality is fairly poor , lacking in comments , unit tests , and filled with copy - paste blocks of duplicate code .
The Americans immediately demand the project be put under different management .
The project falls off of the rails somewhere after this .
It will either be canceled , brought back in house , or will be delivered extremely late after extensive modification to the original requirements .
There ’s lots to pick on here on both sides of the table .
I would like to point out that the fact that I picked on Americans and Indians is actually irrelevant here .
You could easily substitute “ British ” for Americans ( 3 ) , and “ Filipinos ” for Indians with the same results .
But why are they so interchangeable in this fashion ?
It ’s because of PDI and the inherent cultural communication issues that come with it .
Here is a list of the top 10 Outsource Providing countries in 2009 , and their PDI scores .
India ( 77 ) Thailand ( 64 ) Mexico ( 81 ) China ( 80 ) Indonesia ( 78 ) Malaysia ( 104 ) Philippines ( 94 ) Jordan ( no data ) Egypt ( 80 ) Bulgaria ( no data )
For reference , the United States is 40 on the scale .
Western countries can run the gamut as high as Belgium ( 60 ) to as low as Austria ( 11 ) .
The scale is from 1 - 120 , where 120 is extremely high PDI .
You can see all the countries ’ measurements in the original study on this colorful world map of PDI indices .
The gray countries are ones that were n’t measured .
India would be considered moderately high PDI at 77 ( in the 61 - 80 range ) .
So what happens when you bring a low PDI buyer together with a high PDI provider ?
In a word : Disaster .
Cultural Context Matters In Communication
Each side expects a certain subtext to go on during a conversation because of their own cultural context .
Like this :
Low PDI Manager :
So , is the new website ready for launch by Friday ?
Low PDI
Developer : No , and it ’s going to be another 2 weeks because we need the new servers to arrive , for QA to finish with testing after they do , and then release the code .
Pretty straight question , pretty straight answer if you ’re from a low PDI country like the United States .
There is little assumption about the subtext because a low PDI communicator is used to “ speaking his / her mind ” about it .
The information is supposed to be in the conversation as spoken words .
If it ’s not there , it ’s ignored .
But what if we change that a bit ?
Assume the High PDI and Low PDI Developers BOTH have access to the same information and are equally competent :
Low PDI Manager :
So , is the new website ready for launch by Friday ?
High PDI Developer : Yes , it may be ready by then .
We are looking into it .
That seems like a bad answer if you ’re from a low PDI country ( mostly because we know the context from the first scenario ) , but it may be taken at face value because the Low PDI Manager expects straight conversation .
If there was a problem , the Low PDI Manager expected the developer would say something specific about it .
When they did n’t , the Low PDI Manager assumes that Friday will be the date .
And what about the High PDI developer ?
He did n’t want to offend the Low PDI Manager , because that ’s what you are careful to do in a high PDI country .
The High PDI Developer assumed that the Low PDI Manager would understand his subtext “ may be ready ” and either ask further questions , or understand that Friday was n’t necessarily a realistic date .
This is just the tip of the iceberg .
If this happens on a simple conversation about a deadline , what about really big stuff like :
Requirements
Deliverables
Quality control testing
Development standards
Documentation
The implications are literally staggering .
In fact , I ’d go so far as to say the fact that every outsourced project has n’t failed is something of a miracle .
It ’s a testament to having the right people who naturally and instinctually bridge these gaps through extra communication .
The Survey , In A New Light
Getting back to the survey questions , if you look at all of them and how they would be viewed relative to PDI , it ’s arguable that PDI differential is the one , single , leading cause that relates to how providers and buyers have a hard time seeing eye - to - eye during the outsourcing process .
Of the eight named factors , I can see 6 of them that directly relate to PDI differential :
Buyer ’s unclear expectations up front ( buyer assumes he is understood when the provider stops asking questions , but that ’s a typical low - high PDI interaction )
Poor governance ( see my deadline example above )
Poor communication ( again , the deadline example )
Poor cultural fit ( again , the deadline example )
Interests become misaligned over time ( you do n’t understand each other ’s communication needs and are frustrated )
Not mutually beneficial ( you ca n’t work together because you do n’t understand how to interact … )
Adding those 6 factors up , 72 % of project failure reasons can be connected to PDI differential .
If both sides understood that single factor going in to the process , everyone would be better served in the end .
Think I ’m just making this all up ?
It ’s not just the buyers that complain .
High PDI country providers say the same things .
So what ’s so hard about outsourcing ?
It ’s hard because of the cultural baggage we bring to the table on both sides , and neither side necessarily realizes it because of assumed interactions .
We need to be more aware of the cultural assumptions going in to projects like this , or we ’re doomed to repeat them ad absurdum .
(1) I think it ’s fair to say that most other countries would NOT say most Americans are blessed with “ natural cultural awareness ” . 🙂
(2) Before I get lots of angry comments from Indian readers about the interaction above , yes , there are other potential outcomes and perhaps you ’ve been on projects where they are all successful .
I have a mixed bag of experience on this , and it ’s not about bashing Indian developers .
Like American ones , they run the gamut–good , mediocre , and what - the - hell - are - you - doing - coding .
I ’ve run into all three in about the same proportions as American developers , more or less .
(3) I ’m sure one or more British readers are horrified at thinking they are interchangeable with Americans at this point .
Gardening 101 and Permaculture
My 2 text books for this gardening thing are The Vegetable Gardener ’s Bible ( that I mentioned before ) and Gaia ’s Garden : A Guide to Home - Scale Permaculture .
I ’ve read through the Gardener ’s Bible once and continue to use the back section as reference - where the author provides details on seeding , sowing , and growing for a fairly comprehensive list of commonly grown vegetables .
I would consider this my daily reference book .
Gaia ’s Garden is my “ I have 1 hour to read something every few days ” book .
I ’m only 1/3 of the way through , but it ’s an interesting supplement or companion to the Gardener ’s Bible .
While the first book emphasizes the growing system of wide , deep plant rows , Gaia ’s Garden is more of a discussion about permaculture and it ’s benefits .
One feels more step by step , while the other is partly a theoretical discussion of permaculture and how you can use nature to help you do less work in the garden .
BOTH agree that by planting the right veggies , herbs , fruits , etc … .
near each other , you can help your plants fight off pests , stay warm from cold weather , and stay cool when the so cal sun is beating down relentlessly .
So with these resources in hand , I started seeding my first set of plants 2 weeks ago .
I used Jiffy peat pods filled with a seeding combo to plant heirloom tomatoes , bell peppers , jalapenos , basil , parsely , and chives .
I moistened the seeding mix with warm water and filled each pod 2/3 to 3/ 4 deep , depending on how far down I was supposed to plant each seed .
I dropped 2 - 3 seeds per pod , considering germination rates , and sprinkled a light layer of seeding mix over everything .
I covered the whole thing with a plastic lid and set it on top of the fridge .
3 days later , the basil started sprouting .
ALREADY ?!
The next day , the tomatoes started sprouting .
I was beyond excited to see my little babies peaking out .
But , this meant that I needed to get some serious light started .
I have one window which receives a few hours of direct sunlight , but that ’s it .
Amazon to the rescue .
I ordered the Hydrofarm 2ft Grow Light system .
It ’s a pretty easy setup of a metal frame that holds a F5 broad spectrum light .
I liked it because it was smallish and the light height was easily adjustable .
So now I have the plants that have sprouted under this light in a separate room on a 12 hour timer .
One more thing , I also bought a heating pad to put under the pods of the plants that need warm soil .
Am I overdoing it ?
I feel like I just got a new pet and I ’m crazily buying all of the toys and treats for it .
Here ’s a look at the tomatoes and peppers under the new light .
They did perk right up after I put them under there .
Good sign , right ?
GestureTek has made an announcement that its patented gesture reading , touch free control interface is now supported on Android devices .
GestureTek is an inventor of software that allows the user to control application via their own gestures .
The software uses tracking engines that use the camera of the Android device to allow the user a touch free interface for games and applications .
“ Greater accessibility to GestureTek ’s gesture recognition software is significant for developers in the mobile and consumer electronics space , ” says Vincent John Vincent , President of GestureTek .
“ Developers now have the ability to create gesture - control games and applications for multiple platforms and to develop for multiple mobile devices , including those with hardware - based gesture control solutions ( such as accelerometers ) and software - based gesture control solutions . ”
Once the software is enabled , users can shake , rock or roll their phone to play games , answer calls , shuffle playlists , navigate maps , scroll , pan , zoom , turn pages and even browse the web – all without pressing a button or touching the screen .
Now I ’m sure some of you out there are thrilled to soon control your phone by merely shaking , rattling , and rolling it , and the rest I ’m sure are thinking of other inappropriate gestures and wondering if they will register .
Guess we will see , but either way , all the breakthrough controls will be great to see !
[ via PRNewsWire ]
Leipzig Schneeballschlacht gerät außer Kontrolle
In Leipzig ist eine Schneeballschlacht eskaliert : Rund 200 Menschen bewarfen sich zunächst mit Schneebällen , dann zielten sie auf vorbeifahrende Fahrzeuge - und Polizisten .
Zum Schluss flogen Flaschen , zwei Beamte wurden verletzt .
Chinese Can Sleep Anywhere
SLEEPING CHINESE
In China the city ’s streets and sidewalks are littered with brazen nappers .
Some take shelter in a truck ’s undercarriage , others use bricks for pillows .
I did n’t realize until very recently that Alan Moore inspired much of the Sinestro Corps War and Blackest Night stories .
I had no idea !
Turns out that Moore wrote a short story entitled “ Tygers ” in Tales of the Green Lantern Corps Annual # 2 back in 1986 .
This 12 - page story featured the creation of many of the elements that play heavily into the Sinestro Corps War and Blackest Night .
Only Alan Moore could influence so many future Green Lantern comics with so few pages .
Obviously this short story resonated tremendously with Geoff Johns , enough so that he incorporated nearly all of it into his Green Lantern run .
Here is a rundown of the items Alan Moore created for this short story that resurfaced again during Geoff Johns tenure on the series :
Below is one page from that story .
This one page represents a large majority of Alan Moore ’s creations that play into recent Green Lantern storylines .
Click the image to enlarge .
You can find the entire 12 - page story reprinted in the trade paperback , Green Lantern : In Brightest Day .
This is a good one to get because Geoff Johns selected all the stories in the trade and provided commentary on each .
A great companion piece to the Blackest Night storyline .
The BIGWORDS Uber - BOT price comparison searches all the best stores and calculates shipping , promotions , and coupons for your entire order , saving up to 90 % * by showing you the best combination of stores at which to purchase !
Browse Books by Category
Bigwords Book Donation
Your books can be used to help fight illiteracy in developing nations .
Through a special partnership with Better World Books , BIGWORDS is offering you the ability to donate your used books to a great cause .
Using this form , you can send your books to Better World Books .
They will catalogue your books , and then send them somewhere where they can do someone some good .
Better World Books sells enough of the donated books to cover their own expenses , including the cost of shipping the remainder to the places where they are most needed .
After filling in this form , you will be presented with a postage - paid label .
Simply box up your books , tape the label on the outside , and mail your books to help fight illiteracy .
Your books , when received , will be assessed to decide the best use for this contribution .
Books are either 1 ) donated directly to students in need in Africa , Asia or in high risk communities in the United States ; 2 ) sold to generate needed funding ( especially for the actual shipping of books once collected ) for groups such as Books for Africa , Room to Read or The National Center for Family Literacy ; or 3 ) recycled to ensure that no book is ever thrown away where it will likely end up in a landfill .
Some of the books that stay here in the United States are being donated directly in support of Hurricane Relief efforts along the Gulf Coast ( through The National Center for Family Literacy ) .
[ WARNING : contains images that might offend – including spiders ]
We ’ve all woken up in a cold sweat .
We ’ve all tossed and turned to escape the monsters roaming our worst dreams .
Our vivid imaginations all but come to life at night , many times displaying images so frightening and so disturbing , that upon waking to find it was a dream , we fear going back to sleep .
Waking up is the only solace we may get from the parade of freaks in our heads .
Or , that ’s what we thought , anyway .
Here are ten real animals , so dangerous , disturbing , or at the least , butt - ugly , that may have inspired the occasional bad dream .
The true nightmare , however , would be to wake with one of monsters sitting on your chest .
Sleep well !
10 Giant Isopod
We ’ll start with perhaps the least harmless .
A deep sea scavenger that puts your local harmless wood lice to shame , these bottom - feeding scavengers can reach up to around a foot in length .
Close your eyes and imagine sitting in the garden , playing with the potato bugs , when this thing gets jealous and comes hurtling out of the bushes for its turn .
An impossible scenario , considering the isopods are deep - sea kinda guys , but you can see why a hyper - sized version of the only bug cute enough to handle is nightmare material .
Plus did you see the way they ravaged that tuna in the clip ?
9 Bombardier Beetle
Aww , that looks like a little weevil !
Why is it on the list ?
Chemical warfare .
This little beetle is about as cute as a beetle can be , and the largest ones are tiny at best .
Nightmare material ?
Hardly .
But it is n’t called the bombardier beetle for nothing .
When it is threatened , the beetle aims its convenient butt - nozzle at its attacker , and instantly makes them regret their choice of dinner .
At the end of their abdomen , two separate chambers store hydroquinone and hydrogen - peroxide .
When it is threatened , the beetle contracts the chambers , combining the two materials which violently react and produce a spray roughly the same temperature as the boiling point of water .
The video speaks for itself .
8 Giant Pacific Octopus
It would have been too easy to include any number of squid , but I think it was about time for the giant octopus to get some recognition .
Normally shy by nature , the octopus can be deadly when it wants to be , as evidenced by this somewhat over - dramatic video .
But the main source of nightmare material is the size .
While 33 pounds does n’t sound too bad , a 14 - foot arm span just sounds terrible .
I wo n’t go on about the venomous beak .
7 Giant Anaconda
Naturally at least one enormous snake had to make the list .
It is n’t the longest snake , but at 20 feet and 550 pounds , it ’s the biggest .
The wetlands - dwelling serpents regularly make lunch out of jaguars and caimans .
Humans tend to be a bit too big for breakfast , lunch , or dinner , but it is n’t unheard of .
Keep the children close in South America .
6 Solifugae
Oh !
Cruel joke on my part !
I went with the much lesser known scientific name , so you arachnophobic slow - scrollers would run head on into the picture of …
The camel spider .
While the first spider on our list ( yeah , FIRST ) is n’t actually technically a spider , you cringed anyway .
So did I . Camel spiders belong to a distinct separate order , like ( but not the same as ) scorpions and harvesters .
While many different species actually inhabit territories all over the world ( including Australia ) , the most well - known remains the desert dwellers ( they can also be found in grasslands or forest habitats ) .
Many urban legends exist , vastly exaggerating all qualities of these monsters .
You would be one of the ( un ) lucky few who have ever witnessed a specimen over 3 inches if you were to see such a thing .
But , leg spans can reach up 5 inches .
Other myths are that they numb humans and eat part of them while they sleep , disembowel camels , scream or squeal , and leap through the air .
All false .
Although , the creatures have been known to hit up to 10 miles per hour .
5 Stonefish
You are walking along a beautiful beach , shin - deep in the foamy , churning waves .
You can feel the algae - covered stones beneath your feet .
You step around the larger ones onto the smaller ones , feeling them with your bare toes .
All of a sudden , you feel a sting on the bottom of your foot .
You yelp in pain , run out of the water , and look at the small puncture wound on the bottom of your foot .
The neurotoxin from the world ’s most venomous fish seeps into your body , and the countdown commences .
You must seek help immediately , or else you will face death .
The fish , disguised convincingly like a rock , goes about its business , flustered at most by the intrusion .
You run to get help , trying not to step on the wound caused by the fish ’s poisonous spur on its backbone .
4 Lion ’s Mane Jellyfish
This fairly common jellyfish is n’t really too bad overall .
It varies in size , its sting is very painful but rarely fatal ( although it may leave a nasty burn ) , and that is just about that .
Generally speaking , it is not the best contender for a list of nightmarish creatures but the Lion ’s Mane Jellyfish has been known to reach enormous sizes .
The bell of the Jellyfish can reach up to 8 feet in diameter , and the tentacles may trail up to 100 feet !
Now visualize yourself diving in the vast open ocean with one of these suckers for company .
3 Black Mamba
Black Mamba enjoys sunning himself , eating rodents and birds , and fighting off elephants .
This serpent can exceed 8 ft. in length .
As far as venomous snakes go , Black Mambas are beaten only by the 16 ft. achieved by the King Cobra .
But why is the Black Mamba on here , and not the cobra ?
Well , every snake will run when it can , and attack when it ’s cornered .
Except the Black Mamba .
It usually runs , but when it is startled , its knee - jerk reaction is to bite first , then run , even if it had plenty of time to slither away .
Also , it has been known , when pursued , to just get sick of running and turn around to face its attacker .
These snakes can also slither at speeds of up to 12 mph , and a single bite is enough to kill 20 - 25 grown men .
2 Honey Badger
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0tycmec1fw
Those who have heard of the Honey Badger know very well why it is on the list .
For those who do n’t know , allow me to tell you .
First of all , I know .
“ Honey badger ” ?
On this list ?
Does n’t sound all that bad .
Truthfully , it kind of sounds like an animal I would n’t mind having as a pet .
I think I could probably feed it potato chips through the hole in my screen door .
Well , do n’t .
Not in you value your fingers .
Honey badgers are the most aggressive animals alive .
They will consume venomous snakes , stand up against elephants , and eat honey straight out of the hive while being swarmed by bees .
And African bees are the source of the ultra- aggressive killer bees known to terrorize the Western Hemisphere .
They will quickly devise their enemies ’ weakest points and relentlessly attack it ( i.e. the gonads on a human male ) .
I ’ll send everyone of with a quote directly from Wikipedia :
In a 2002 National Geographic documentary titled “ Snake killers : Honey badgers of the Kalahari ” , a badger named Kleinman was documented stealing a meal out of a puff adder ’s mouth and casually eating the meal in front of the hissing snake .
After the meal , Kleinman began to hunt the puff adder , the species being one of the badger ’s preferred venomous snakes .
He managed to kill the snake and began eating it , but then collapsed on the dead snake as he had been bitten during the struggle .
After about two hours he surprisingly awoke .
Once his paralysis had subsided , the badger continued with his meal and then resumed his journey .
The video above , starting at 2:28 , is the video of the story from Wikipedia .
It really is amazing .
In short , if you gather nothing else from this list , remember this : do n’t mess with a honey badger .
1 Sydney Funnel Web Spider
Oh , Australia , what beautiful , majestic creatures you have .
And by beautiful majestic creatures , I mean marsupials , venomous snakes , and the God-awful Sydney Funnel Web Spider .
Incredibly aggressive , dark colored and glossy , with killer huge fangs and nature ’s worst attitude , getting bitten by one of these things should be on your “ Things to Never do Ever ” list .
The spiders dig tunnels or take up residence in trees , creating tunnels with trapdoors and trip lines so they know when to swing open the door .
The male spiders wander and are attracted to water .
They can survive being stuck in the pool for up to 24 hours !
Approaching one , or God forbid , attempting to handle one is a very excellent way to get bitten .
They bite multiple times , nearly always delivering full envenomation , and will not let go .
They must be grabbed and removed , as trying to shake them off usually is n’t enough to loosen the grip of their gigantic fangs .
They have what is called atraxotoxin , which is highly toxic to primates .
Humans are primates .
I ’m thoroughly convinced that if there is a Hell , one of it ’s gates , or at least a fire exit , opens in Sydney , Australia .
CIRCLING my way not long ago through the Vasily Kandinsky show now on display in the suitably spiral setting of the Guggenheim Museum , I came to one of the Russian master ’s most illustrious , if misleadingly named , paintings : “ Several Circles . ”
Those “ several ” circles , I saw , were more like three dozen , and every one of them seemed to be rising from the canvas , buoyed by the shrewdly exuberant juxtapositioning of their different colors , sizes and apparent translucencies .
I learned that , at around the time Kandinsky painted the work , in 1926 , he had begun collecting scientific encyclopedias and journals ; and as I stared at the canvas , a big , stupid smile plastered on my face , I thought of yeast cells budding , or a haloed blue sun and its candied satellite crew , or life itself escaping the careless primordial stew .
I also learned of Kandinsky ’s growing love affair with the circle .
The circle , he wrote , is “ the most modest form , but asserts itself unconditionally . ”
It is “ simultaneously stable and unstable , ” “ loud and soft , ” “ a single tension that carries countless tensions within it . ”
Kandinsky loved the circle so much that it finally supplanted in his visual imagination the primacy long claimed by an emblem of his Russian boyhood , the horse .
Quirkily enough , the artist ’s life followed a circular form :
He was born in December 1866 , and he died the same month in 1944 .
This being December , I ’d like to honor Kandinsky through his favorite geometry , by celebrating the circle and giving a cheer for the sphere .
Life as we know it must be lived in the round , and the natural world abounds in circular objects at every scale we can scan .
Let a heavenly body get big enough for gravity to weigh in , and you will have yourself a ball .
Stars are giant , usually symmetrical balls of radiant gas , while the definition of both a planet like Jupiter and a plutoid like Pluto is a celestial object orbiting a star that is itself massive enough to be largely round .
( CNN ) -- For Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , it was a global virtual black eye .
Instead of seeing his photo on the new European Union site , launched this week as Spain took over the presidency , visitors were greeted by Rowan Atkinson 's comic character of Mr. Bean .
And if you clicked over to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's
Web site , you 'd see that hackers took him on , too .
The text on his site was replaced with a note remarking on the death of " my favorite singer Michael Jackson " and " my favorite voice Neda , " the woman killed last year during protests over Iranian elections .
It ended with a request that God smite Ahmadinejad and " my favorite dictator [ Ayatollah Ali ] Khamenei in 2010 . "
Millions flocked to mock and clicked to laugh at worldwide leaders -- but security experts say the truth is that the real joke could have been on them .
" The reality is , this is sort of the 21st century form of a street protest , except [ hackers ] have a global reach , and these leaders are being embarrassed in a very public , global way , " said Danny McPherson , chief security officer and security expert at Ann Arbor Networks .
And the embarrassment was ugly .
In a technology - age version of residents flooding streets holding signs or drawing glasses on a politician 's poster , Facebook and Twitter users joined in and swarmed the Internet , sharing links to the sites and remarking on the hilarity of the two attacks .
But , McPherson said , most of those people probably did n't think about whether they , like the leaders , could have also fallen victim to the hacks .
" It 's a pretty ugly proposition from a risk - management perspective , " he said .
" The site is being compromised , and not only that , but it can be used to compromise anyone visiting the site , which is far worse than any traditional protest . "
Although it 's unknown whether the sites were hacked merely to send a message or as a goof , McPherson said hackers could just have easily uploaded malware -- malicious software -- that would attack any visitor 's computer .
And with the growth of viral Internet videos and pranks , millions of users could easily click on links to the site , especially if it mocks well - known celebrities or leaders and is shared on Facebook or Twitter .
And once the word is out about a site being hacked , McPherson said , the ripple effect could be huge .
" With both of those sites , given the political climate in Iran or the EU president site , either of these could have equally been used to distribute malware for journalists or people going to the sites for very valid reasons , " McPherson said .
And hacking of government Web sites , for security intelligence or just for a global joke , is n't as uncommon as you might expect .
The antivirus company Symantec said in 2007 that 80 percent of attacks on Web sites happen in the same way as the attacks on the EU and Ahmadinejad sites : through loopholes that allow hackers to upload scripts to change Web sites .
And in an age of cyber sit-ins , McPherson says , the threat will only grow until companies continuously work to ensure the security of their sites .
Ironically , cybersecurity is one of the issues Zapatero and Spain plan to tackle as part of a digital agenda while it holds the EU presidency .
And now , after the hack on the EU Web site , bloggers and commenters around the world have piled on , saying the task may be hefty for Spain , which could n't keep its new site safe from a cyberattack for a week .
How did Barack Obama manage to kick off his presidency by making exactly the same disastrous mistake Bill Clinton made 16 years earlier ?
One answer is that Obama thought Clinton 's health - care errors were tactical rather than strategic , and that correcting these -- by letting Congress write the bill , or by cutting deals with industry groups in exchange for their support -- would be sufficient to ensure success .
But if Rep. Marion
Berry is right , the answer may be as simple as sheer hubris .
Berry , an Arkansas Democrat first elected ...
Why has “ Raj , ” an immigrant who ’s lived in the USA for 10 years , saved $ 150,000 in cash , while few of us born here would ever be able to do the same ?
I ’m fascinated with the differences in how people around the world spend and save money .
Having grown up around a lot of immigrants , I can tell you that their spending patterns are wildly different than people who were born and raised in America .
I was reminded of this a few days ago , when I got this email from an immigrant — let ’s call him “ Raj ” — who ’s been in the USA for 10 years .
“ I live here in Fremont now and I have about $ 150 K with me in my bank , most of it stored away like that for more than 1 year now because I needed it to buy a house .
Now I have stopped thinking hard about the house , since I still dont know where I will settle down , especially after reading your book to avoid buying a house as an investment .
I have started diverting most of the money to LifeCycle funds and I also opened an IRA .
In my case , as a Immigrant I still send a lot of money to India where somehow I have good contacts and usually earn much much more than 8 % on my money .
That is a strong reason I never bothered to learn about investing here .
But now I am diversifying and investing both in the US and in India . ”
This is extremely common , especially in the Bay Area :
You get a single , highly skilled guy who moves from India to a well - paying job in the US .
He works his ass off , lives in a small apartment , and sends some of his income back to his family in India .
In a few years , he ’s saved well into the 6 figures , at which point he either ( 1 ) goes back to India to find a bride and returns to continue working , or , less commonly , ( 2 ) moves back to India with a nice bit of cash .
This got me thinking .
Why do immigrants save so much ?
A few easy reasons come to mind :
They ’re more educated ( see the Wikipedia entry on Indian Americans )
They earn more ( another Wikipedia link )
Their culture encourages higher savings rates ( see this Atlantic Monthly article ) .
Culture is also why some immigrants are stereotyped as being poor tippers … which is often very true .
I ’m especially interested in the cultural factors that affect financial habits .
Here ’s a fascinating one I did n’t know about from University of Michigan Retirement Research Center ( PDF link ) .
Data from the EBRI Retirement Confidence Survey indicate that Hispanic - Americans who immigrate to the U.S. exhibit different savings behavior than other Americans .
They tend to save more for short - term goals such as education or a home purchase rather than retirement , and are extremely risk averse , placing greater importance on safety than rate of return on investments , relative to others ( Kamasaki and Arce , 2000 ) .
In addition , they are more than twice as likely as natives to have provided financial assistance to family members ( both in and out of the U.S. ) and they are more likely to expect their retirement years to be financed by income of other family members ( Kamasaki and Arce , 2000 ) … for many households these intergenerational transfers may be a major component of retirement saving and planning .
If you ca n’t understand those words , please go find an immigrant and ask him to translate for you .
I ’m sure there are several other reasons that are far more complex .
We ’ve read the New York Times article on how obesity can be contagious , and I ’ve long since argued that personal - finance behaviors are contagious , too — suggesting that maybe you should spend time around immigrants so their financial habits rub off .
In your experience , how do spending patterns differ between immigrants and ( native ) Americans ?
Personally , I remember growing up and taking roadtrips to LA .
With six of us , lunch at even a fast - food place would be expensive , so my mom packed lunch and we ’d stop somewhere to eat it .
We never had a summer home — the whole concept was foreign to us .
We never had the most fashionable clothes , but my parents would spend a LOT of money on activities for my siblings and me , and did n’t bat an eye at an SAT prep course that cost thousands of dollars .
Like I said , immigrants have incredibly different spending patterns than most of us .
What ’s your best example of the difference in financial behavior between immigrants and ( native ) Americans ?
Lincoln ’s Daring Statement : A Blueprint for Gaining Authority
Photo by Thomas Hawk
Abraham Lincoln walked into the heart of the Confederate Capitol in Richmond , Virginia , on April 4 , 1865 .
Less than a day after Richmond had fallen to the Union , the President strode to the capitol building and placed his feet on Jefferson Davis ’ desk .
It was a gesture that rang throughout America .
The Civil War was officially over , and this President was the leader of the entire country .
If there was ever an authoritative statement in America ’s short history , this was it .
As the broken nation looked for unity and leadership , Lincoln proved he had both .
And it ’s a perfect example for us to see what it takes to earn authority .
Do n’t Play It Safe
Photo by Photo by yelnoc
What ’s interesting about Lincoln ’s trip is the size of his party that went into the city .
He was n’t in the middle of a battalion , he was with a handful of guards and advisors .
An ambush by any remaining rebel forces could have easily wiped out Lincoln ’s party .
It would have been easy to wait until the city was officially cleared by Union troops , but that was n’t Lincoln ’s style .
Think about how you can be daring .
Daring says “ I know what ’s safe … let ’s see if I can do the opposite . ”
Sure , you might fail once in a while , but you ’ll have seen the edge .
“ When one jumps over the edge , one is bound to land somewhere . ” ~ D.H. Lawrence
Do n’t Pay Attention to “ Experts ”
Lincoln ’s advisors told him not to go .
Guides can be helpful for gaining perspective .
But sometimes you just have to listen to your gut , even if you know you wo n’t be popular for it .
Nobody liked Lincoln during the Civil War .
Presidents did n’t start having approval ratings until after the 1930 ’s , but it ’s widely believed that Lincoln ’s approval rating would have had one of the worst .
And yet …
Lincoln is one of the most revered presidents of all time .
When he decided to personally walk into the city without an entire militia guarding him , you can bet nearly everyone with half a bit of sense tried to talk him out of it .
But the President stuck to his resolve .
What ’s that voice in your ear telling you not to pursue something ?
Is it telling you it ’ll never work ?
It might even pass as advice …
Do n’t listen .
Get Out There
Photo by Photo by Marxchivist
Above all , Lincoln went where the people were .
He did n’t stay home and make a speech behind the gates of the White House .
He went to where the people needed him most .
The newly emancipated slaves and supporters of the Union crowded the streets to thank the President as he made his way to the Capitol building .
Hit the pavement .
Mix it up .
Go where the people are talking and sharing .
Blogs , forums , Twitter , Facebook .
Or , as crazy as this might sound , you might even need to meet people in real life .
There are tons of people surrounding you both online and off who need what you know .
Go find them .
Do n’t Wait
Lincoln was keenly aware of how timing would affect his journey .
Had he waited a few weeks to journey into the battered city , the moment would have already passed to do something profound .
Instead , he struck while the iron was hot .
It ’s easy to let things slip until later .
“ Tomorrow ” is one of the most comforting words in the English language .
But tomorrow does n’t do anything for tomorrow .
Do n’t let the window close on whatever you ’re working on .
Make a Statement
Lincoln knew the power of symbolism .
He knew that sitting in Davis ’ chair and propping his feet on Davis ’ desk was a powerful statement that did n’t require any words .
He did n’t need a lengthy speech to tell the nation he was in charge .
Sometimes the most profound statements are simple gestures .
Being friendly to someone .
Showing grace .
Doing thankless work .
Our actions speak louder than words .
Do. NOT .
Conform .
Photo by Photo by express monorail
Abraham Lincoln was hardly what we ’d call a conformist .
He did n’t look , act , sound , eat or walk like a President .
When long - winded orators were using thousands of words , he used 10 sentences .
While everyone in the Union cried for harsh treatment of the defeated Confederates , Lincoln instructed his generals to “ let ’em up easy ” .
He ’s still revered as one of the most - loved Presidents because he was different and did n’t conform .
So above all , do n’t fall into the trap that you have to do “ what works ” with “ proven methods ” .
There is no path to greatness .
In fact , the path to greatness is n’t a path at all .
It ’s a dense thicket waiting to be hacked through .
What did the UN climate change talks in Copenhagen achieve ?
Our governments failed to agree a deal which might have avoided a global catastrophe .
They did nothing but take yet another " important first step " .
We 've had nearly two decades of those .
It 's likely that Copenhagen is a long - term disaster for the planet and its people , but it might have another , more immediate consequence for you right now .
Your moral obligations might have just changed dramatically .
In situations like the one we 're in now , the demand for action shifts from our leaders to us .
They missed what might have been our last chance to take to take concerted , worldwide action on climate change , so the rest of us have to do something about it .
Their failure means that we 're all eco-warriors now .
When things go smoothly , you do your civic duty by casting a vote , paying your taxes , and generally keeping out of trouble .
It 's enough to leave it to the ones in power to think things through and make certain choices for you .
In rare circumstances , though , our obligations enlarge , and it's up to us to do the right thing when no one else will .
When the state perpetuates injustice and human suffering , when there 's real urgency , when other avenues of protest have done no good at all , your civic duty becomes something very substantial .
You have to bring change into the world , and a vote is not enough .
Anything less ties you to an ongoing wrong .
Civil disobedience and other direct efforts to bring about change are the only options you have .
It 's no longer any good just hoping that the men in suits will come up with a decent solution .
They messed it up .
It 's not enough to click a link and send a message to your representative or even go on a march .
None of it is enough when the people you petition fail again and again to do the right thing .
Perhaps it 's now up to us to make trouble for them , to leave our governments no choice but to act , to get in the way , make business as usual impossible , and force real action against climate change .
Think of all the usual examples , large and small , of human beings at their finest : the end of slavery in America , the civil rights movement , suffrage , India , the velvet revolution , the poll tax protests and on and on .
When human beings see that something is wrong we almost always change for the better .
Sometimes we need our noses rubbed in it , but we do the right thing in the end .
The developed and developing worlds are doing something wrong – we 're all causing suffering to people alive right now and to great numbers of those who will come after us .
If civil disobedience was warranted to stop past injustices , is n't it warranted right now to stop what is probably the greatest amount of harm any group of human beings ever inflicted on any other ?
The green movement has always suffered from the lack of a clear target .
How do you protest against something that 's all around us , a fossil - fuel burning world we all inhabit and depend upon ?
Do you chain yourself to yourself and insist on a carbon tax on the things you value most ?
With the failure at Copenhagen we have for the first time a clearly delineated and easily accessible object for our protests : our governments .
What about the so - called deal - breakers at Copenhagen ?
It 's being said that what really stood in the way of a binding conclusion is China and America failing to see eye to eye .
The philosopher Peter Singer argues that sanctions were warranted against South Africa because it harmed its own people .
The world 's biggest polluters harm not just their own people , but people all over the world .
How much greater are sanctions warranted in their case , compared with South Africa ?
But maybe this is n't the right way to think , and anyway we 've all had enough doom and gloom .
It might be wrong not because it's over the top , but because it depends on a conception of politics that no longer fits the world as it is now .
Perhaps global treaties and talks and sanctions are not part of the solution to climate change .
Those are the bones of something that died near the start of this awful millennium .
Maybe the solution never was a deal at Copenhagen – who really thinks that climate change has just one big answer ?
What we need are a billion different solutions , perhaps billions of little revolutions in thinking and acting all over the world .
The good news is that such things do not depend on a handful of negotiators sitting around a table .
What matters are people like you and me who see the world for what it is and do something about it .
There 's room for a little hope still , the hope that even though our leaders fail to do the right thing , the rest of us will either push them into action or get on with it without them .
James Garvey is secretary of the Royal Institute of Philosophy and author of The Ethics of Climate Change
2010-01-27T21:05:41-05:00
https://images.c-span.org/Files/0d8/291689-02-m.jpg
In his first State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress , President Obama outlined his priorities for legislative action and priorities for the American people .
In his remarks he highlighted job creation , heath care , the economy , national security and the environment .
He also outlined his agenda for the coming year , including global warming , immigration reform , financial regulation , and ending the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy of exclusion .
In his first State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress , President Obama outlined his priorities for legislative action and priorities for the American … read more
President Obama said the Supreme Court gave a " green light " to special interests with its decision today allowing corporations to spend as much money as they want to elect or defeat poltical candidates .
Obama added that he will ask Congress for new legislation to address the high court 's ruling .
With its ruling today , the Supreme Court has given a green light to a new stampede of special interest money in our politics .
It is a major victory for big oil , Wall Street banks , health insurance companies and the other powerful interests that marshal their power every day in Washington to drown out the voices of everyday Americans .
This ruling gives the special interests and their lobbyists even more power in Washington -- while undermining the influence of average Americans who make small contributions to support their preferred candidates .
That 's why I am instructing my Administration to get to work immediately with Congress on this issue .
We are going to talk with bipartisan Congressional leaders to develop a forceful response to this decision .
The public interest requires nothing less .
( Posted by David Jackson )
The House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , has said the House would not just accept the Senate bill .
And some Senate Democrats have warned that they could turn against the bill if changes made during negotiations with the House are not to their liking .
Given the late hour , the White House did not immediately issue a statement after the Senate vote .
The health care legislation , which President Obama has called his top domestic priority , seeks to extend health benefits to more than 30 million people who are currently uninsured .
The bill would require nearly all Americans to obtain health insurance , or pay financial penalties for failing to do so , and it would provide federal subsidies to help moderate - income Americans buy private coverage .
About half of the people who would gain coverage , some 15 million , would do so through a broad expansion of Medicaid , the federal - state insurance program for low - income Americans , and growth in the Children ’s Health Insurance Program .
To pay for the new coverage , the bill would impose an array of fees and taxes , including an increase in the payroll tax for individuals earning more than $ 200,000 and couples earning more than $ 250,000 and a new excise tax on high - cost insurance polices .
The bill also calls for major reductions in government spending , by slowing the growth of Medicare .
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said that the $ 871 billion cost of the bill would be more than offset by the new revenues and cuts in spending , so that it would reduce future federal budget deficits by $ 132 billion between 2010 and 2019 .
The outcome of the Monday morning vote was effectively decided on Saturday , when Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska , the last holdout , announced that he would support the bill and Mr. Reid unveiled his final “ manager ’s ” package of changes .
Mr. Reid ’s amendment included provisions aimed at winning over Mr. Nelson and others .
Republicans derided the changes as akin to bribery .
On Sunday , any lingering doubts were put to rest .
Senator Jim Webb , Democrat of Virginia , who voted in favor of several Republican amendments to the health care bill , issued a statement saying he would support the measure .
And Senator Olympia J. Snowe , Republican of Maine , who had been in intense talks with the White House , issued a statement saying she would vote no .
Well , 2009 is over and the 2009 secret santa has pretty much come to a close .
Reddit should be getting out the last few trophies sometime in the next few days and overall I think most people had a great experience with this project .
There were some rough times dealing with unhappy redditors but for the most part , people were super friendly and supportive and I am happy to do this again .
I wanted to post a quick update to let everyone know that the check has been delivered to our local elementary school .
There were about $ 530 in donations and I rounded up to an even $ 600 and took some photos of my son delivering the check .
This made him very happy , this is our school 's first year and this money will really help .
Again , thank you so much and get ready for June 25th .
It looks like a marijuana legalization initiative will be on the ballot in California this fall .
Today the backers of the Regulate , Control , and Tax Cannabis Act turned in nearly 700,000 signatures ; they need just 434,000 to qualify the measure for the ballot .
The Los Angeles Times notes that " a Field Poll taken last April found that 56 % of voters in the state and 60 % in Los Angeles County want to make pot legal and tax it . "
It also suggests that " if passed , the initiative would put the state in conflict with federal law , " which is not strictly speaking true .
As Drug Policy Alliance attorney Tamar Todd noted in response to a Los Angeles Times editorial that made a similar claim a couple weeks ago , California is under no obligation to replicate federal drug prohibitions .
Under the Supreme Court 's expansive reading of the Commerce Clause , the federal government would have the authority to prosecute people for growing , distributing , and possessing marijuana even if the drug were no longer banned by state law .
But it would not have the resources to do so consistently .
I noted the initiative campaign 's signature - gathering prowess last month .
The Swedish clothing giant H&M , after being caught throwing away ( and destroying ) unsold clothes by a New York graduate student , will stop tossing its leftovers in the bin .
The Associated Press reported Thursday that “ the chain said it will instead donate the garments to charity .
Graduate student Cynthia Magnus contacted The New York Times after discovering bags of unworn but slashed clothing outside H&M in Herald Square . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
H&M spokeswoman Nicole Christie told AP , “ It will not happen again ” and that she did n’t know why the New York City outlet was destroying its unsold clothing — which had holes punched through them by a machine , suggesting that the practice was official policy .
Magnus told The New York Times yesterday that she ’d found clothes thrown out by an H & M store .
During her walks down 35th Street , Ms. Magnus said , it is more common to find destroyed clothing in the H & M trash .
On Dec. 7 , during an early cold snap , she said , she saw about 20 bags filled with H & M clothing that had been cut up .
“ Gloves with the fingers cut off , ” Ms. Magnus said , reciting the inventory of ruined items .
“ Warm socks .
Cute patent leather Mary Jane school shoes , maybe for fourth graders , with the instep cut up with a scissor .
Men ’s jackets , slashed across the body and the arms .
The puffy fiber fill was coming out in big white cotton balls . ”
The jackets were tagged $ 59 , $ 79 and $ 129 .
The Times reporter added that Wal - Mart ’s clothes have also been found trashed :
It is winter .
A third of the city is poor .
And unworn clothing is being destroyed nightly .
A few doors down on 35th Street , hundreds of garments tagged for sale in Wal - Mart — hoodies and T - shirts and pants — were discovered in trash bags the week before Christmas , apparently dumped by a contractor for Wal - Mart that has space on the block .
Each piece of clothing had holes punched through it by a machine .
ADVERTISEMENT
H & M and Wal - Mart have n’t offered an explanation for why their stores were destroying unsold clothes .
A manager for H & M initially told the Times that inquiries about the store ’s disposal practices had to be made to the store ’s Swedish headquarters — raising questions of whether the policy to destroy unsold clothes was sanctioned by the top .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
One of the arguments frequently applied to the climate debate is that the “ Precautionary Principle ” requires that we take action to reduce CO2 .
However , this is a misunderstanding of the Precautionary Principle , which means something very different from the kind of caution that makes us carry an umbrella when rain threatens .
Some people are taking the Precautionary Principle way too far …
Figure 1 . Umbrella Exhibiting an Excess of Precaution
The nature of the Precautionary Principle is widely misunderstood .
Let me start with the birth of the Precautionary Principle ( I ’ll call it PP for short ) , which comes from the United Nations Rio de Janeiro Declaration on the Environment ( 1992 ) .
Here ’s their original formulation :
“ In order to protect the environment , the precautionary approach shall be widely applied by States according to their capability .
Where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage , lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost - effective measures to prevent environmental degradation . ”
This is an excellent statement of the PP , as it distinguishes it from such things as carrying umbrellas , denying bank loans , approving the Kyoto Protocol , invading Afghanistan , or using seat belts .
The three key parts of the PP ( emphasis mine ) are :
1 ) A threat of serious or irreversible damage .
2 ) A lack of full scientific certainty ( in other words , the existence of partial but not conclusive scientific evidence ) .
3 ) The availability of cost - effective measures that we know will prevent the problem .
Here are some examples of how these key parts of the PP work out in practice .
We have full scientific certainty that seat belts save lives , and that using an umbrella keeps us dry .
Thus , using them is not an example of the PP , it is simply acting reasonably on principles about which we are scientifically certain .
There are no scientific principles or evidence that we can apply to the question of invading Afghanistan , so we cannot apply the PP there either .
Bank loans are neither serious nor irreversible , nor is there partial scientific understanding of them , so they do n’t qualify for the PP .
The Kyoto Protocol is so far from being cost - effective as to be laughable .
The PP can be thought of as a kind of insurance policy .
No one would pay $ 200,000 for an insurance policy if the payoff in case of an accident were only $ 20 , yet this is the kind of ratio of cost to payoff that the Kyoto Protocol involves .
Even its proponents say that if the states involved met their targets , it would only reduce the temperature by a tenth of a degree in fifty years … not a good risk / reward ratio .
Finally , consider CO2 .
The claim is that in fifty years , we ’ll be sorry if we do n’t stop producing CO2 now .
However , we do n’t know whether CO2 will cause any damage at all in fifty years , much less whether it will cause serious or irreversible damage .
We have very little evidence that CO2 will cause “ dangerous ” warming other than fanciful forecasts from untested , unverified , unvalidated climate models which have not been subjected to software quality assurance of any kind .
We have no evidence that a warmer world is a worse world , it might be a better world .
The proposed remedies are estimated to cost on the order of a trillion dollars a year … hardly cost effective under any analysis .
Nor do we have any certainty whether the proposed remedies will prevent the projected problem .
So cutting CO2 fails to qualify for the PP under all three of the criteria .
On the other side of the equation , a good example of when we should definitely use the PP involves local extinction .
We have fairly good scientific understanding that removing a top predator from a local ecosystem badly screws things up .
Kill the mountain lions , and the deer go wild , then the plants are overgrazed , then the ground erodes , insect populations are unbalanced , and so on down the line .
Now , if we are looking at a novel ecosystem that has not been scientifically studied , we do not have full scientific certainty that removing the top predator will actually cause serious or irreversible damage to the ecosystem .
However , if there is a cost - effective method to avoid removing the top predator , the PP says that we should do so .
It fulfils the three requirements of the PP — there is a threat of serious or irreversible damage , we have partial scientific certainty , and a cost - effective solution exists , so we should act .
Because I hold these views about the inapplicability of the precautionary principle to CO2 , I am often accused of not wanting to do anything about a possible threat .
People say I ’m ignoring something which could cause problems in the future .
This is not the case .
I do not advocate inaction .
I advocate the use of “ no - regrets ” actions in response to this kind of possible danger .
The rule of the no-regrets approach is very simple — do things that will provide real , immediate , low - cost , tangible benefits whether or not the threat is real .
That way you wo n’t regret your actions .
Here are some examples of no-regrets responses to the predicted threats of CO2 .
In Peru , the slums up on the hillside above Lima are very dry , which is a problem that is supposed to get worse if the world warms .
In response to the problem , people are installing “ fog nets “ .
These nets capture water from the fog , providing fresh water to the villagers .
In India ’s Ladakh region , they have the same problem , lack of water .
So they have started building “ artificial glaciers “ .
These are low - cost shallow ponds where they divert the water during the winter .
The water freezes , and is slowly released as the “ glacier ” melts over the course of the following growing season .
These are the best type of response to a possible threat from CO2 .
They are inexpensive , they solve a real problem today rather than a half century from now , and they are aimed at the poor of the world .
These responses also reveal what I call the “ dirty secret ” of the “ we ’re all gonna die in fifty years from CO2 ” crowd .
The dirty secret of their forecasts of massive impending doom is that all of the threatened catastrophes they warn us about are here already .
All the different types of climate - related destruction that people are so worried will happen in fifty years are happening today .
Droughts ?
We got ’em .
Floods ?
There ’s plenty .
Rising sea levels ?
Check .
Insect borne diseases ?
Which ones would you like ?
Tornados and extreme storms ?
We get them all the time .
People dying of starvation ?
How many do you want ?
All the Biblical Plagues of Egypt ?
Would you like flies with that ?
Forget about what will happen in fifty years .
Every possible climate catastrophe is happening now , and has been for centuries .
So if you are truly interested in those problems , do something about them today .
Contribute to organizations developing salt resistant crops .
Put money into teaching traditional drought resisting measures in Africa .
Support the use of micro-hydroelectric plants for village energy .
The possibilities are endless .
That way , whether or not the doomsayers are right about what will happen in fifty years , both then and now people will be better prepared and more able to confront the problems caused by the unpleasant vagaries of climate .
Fighting to reduce CO2 is hugely expensive , has been totally unsuccessful to date , will be very damaging to the lives of the poorest people , and has no certainty of bringing the promised results .
This is a very bad combination .
Me , I do n’t think CO2 will cause those doomsday scenarios .
But that ’s just me , I ’ve been wrong before .
If you do care about CO2 and think it is teh eeeevil , you should be out promoting your favorite no-regrets option .
Because whether or not CO2 is a danger as people claim , if you do that you can be sure that you are not just pouring money down a bottomless hole with very poor odds of success .
That ’s the real Precautionary Principle .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The processors of modern videocards ( GPU's - Graphical Processing Units ) are SO powerful , that they 're much faster at rendering than CPUs .
Here are the first results of a test project that introduces GPU rendering in LuxRender .
If they pull this off , it promises an incredible speedup !
The frames in the following sample only took seconds to render :
From the demonstration video's description :
Testing the incredibly tiny OpenCL software demo SmallptGPU ( and a quick look at the OpenCL accelerated SmallLuxGPU and Bullet Physics as well ) .
The OpenCL fun appears to be just beginning !
Path tracing , yes the typically very slow path tracing , which used to take hours to render , is now getting a helping hand from OpenCL .
The frames in these animations took only seconds to render almost entirely on my GPUs ( CPU utilization literally was at 0 % ) .
Notice the soft shadows ( from true spherical area lights ) , indirect bounced light , color bleeding , caustics , etc .
Using AMD Stream SDK v2.0 with OpenCL 1.0 support on two ATI Radeon HD 4890 GPUs ( Catalyst 9.12 Hotfix drivers on Windows 7 , no CCC , not Crossfired ) .
Now I want 5970s : P. AMDs implementation of OpenCL and SmallptGPU also allow exploiting the full CPU as an OpenCL device as well , with SmallptGPU it helped with one GPU , however not with two .
With SmallLuxGPU , you seem to be better off using native threads for the CPU and OpenCL for the GPUs .
In the spirit of this test I also used the experimental partially ( btBatchConstraintSolverOCL )
OpenCL accelerated version of the Bullet Physics engine to simulate the physics .
It appears still too early to be using this version .
Note that none of the software programs tested in this video are full featured packages , they are for demonstration purposes at this stage .
At some point in the early 1940s , the following letter of complaint was written – along with numerous others during that period – by DC Comics editor Whitney Ellsworth and sent to Jerry Siegel , the man responsible for co-creating Superman and then signing away the character to DC for pittance .
This particular day , Ellsworth was clearly unhappy with what he believed to be sloppy workmanship on Siegel and Shuster ‘s part and so , for the umpteenth time that year , fed some Superman Inc. letterhead into his typewriter and proceeded to pick more holes in their work .
Previously noted Superman letters can be found here and here .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
SUPERMAN INC .
480 LEXINGTON AVE .
NEW YORK , N.Y .
Saturday , Feb. 21
Dear Jerry :-
A set of dailies arrived this morning .
If there were sufficient time , I ’d certainly return them to you for more work ; as it is , I shall simply have to have one of the artists here try to do some work on them before we send them to the syndicate .
I ’m particularly upset , because I wrote you about the same troubles after receiving the last set .
It seems impossible that you look them over before sending them out ; either that , or you are very complacent about the guy you invented .
SUPERMAN looks like a different person in almost every picture , and worse in each .
Even if such details as bad hands , bad figures and bad action are passed over lightly , we just ca n’t get away from the fact that SUPERMAN ’s face is incredibly bad in more than fifty percent of its renditions .
I have written you repeatedly about the manner in which his jock strap is drawn , and absolutely nothing is ever done about it .
I have no complaint about the backgrounds , which are very well handled , but perhaps more attention is paid to backgrounds than to the figure work .
All in all , the sad truth is that after all these years , SUPERMAN is not outstandingly well drawn either in the magazines or in the syndicate stuff .
Very discouraging it is , too .
And it is getting to the point where I feel that if at least the syndicate material does n’t show a marked improvement , we shall have to consider it “ unacceptable ” , and make other arrangements to have it done .
Incidentally , I note too that some of the editorial changes in the dailies are not being made .
Altogether , the situation is serious enough to warrant your doing some real worrying .
( Signed , ‘ Whit ’ )
Chellie and Jared -- still fighting for real healthcare reform
• 68 % of voters want a public health insurance option
• By 5 to 1 , voters want their Representative to fight to add the public option over simply passing the Senate bill
• By 3 to 1 , persuadable voters are less likely to vote for local Democrat if Congress does n't pass a public option as part of reform
• 55 % say Democrats need to do more to fight big corporations
• 56 % say Democrats have n't done enough to fulfill Obama 's 2008 campaign promises
• 52 % of Democrats less likely to vote in 2010 if Congress does n't pass public option -- Republicans more likely
Dear Majority Leader Reid :
As the Senate continues to work on health reform legislation , we strongly urge you to consider including a public option .
Here are the reasons for this request :
1 ) The public option is overwhelmingly popular .
A December New York
Times poll shows that , despite the attacks of recent months , the American public supports the public option 59 % to 29 % .
And a recent Research 2000 poll found 82 % of people who supported President Obama in 2008 and Scott Brown for Senate last week also support the public option .
Only 32 % of this key constituency is in favor of the current Senate bill -- with more saying it “ does n’t go far enough ” rather than it “ goes too far . ”
Support for health care legislation started to fall as popular provisions like the public option were stripped out and affordability standards were watered down .
The American people want us to fight for them and against special interests like the insurance industry , and it is our responsibility to show them that their voices are being heard .
2 ) The public option will save billions for taxpayers , speaking to the fiscally - responsible sensibilities of our constituents .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the public option will save taxpayers anywhere from $ 25 billion to $ 110 billion and will save billions more when private insurers compete to bring down premium costs .
The stronger the public option , the more money it saves .
By including the public option , we can simultaneously reduce tax increases and the deficit .
This is a common - sense way to temper the frustration of Americans who question whether Congress is spending their money wisely and fighting for the middle class .
3 ) There is strong support in the Senate for a popular public option .
It is very likely that the public option could have passed the Senate , if brought up under majority - vote “ budget reconciliation ” rules .
While there were valid reasons stated for not using reconciliation before , especially given that some important provisions of health care reform would n’t qualify under the reconciliation rules , those reasons no longer exist .
The public option would clearly qualify as budget - related under reconciliation , and with the majority support it has garnered in the Senate , it should be included in any healthcare reform legislation that moves under reconciliation .
As Democrats forge “ the path forward ” on health care , we believe that passing the public option through reconciliation should be part of that path .
We urge you to favorably consider our request to include a public option in the reconciliation process .
The only hope for passage of a comprehensive health care bill rests with the inclusion of a public option that allows all of us to opt out of the wasteful and restrictive private insurance system .
To coerce Americans to buy private insurance is not just a tough sell , but an impossible sell because we all know that to mandate private health insurance constitutes a corporate raid on our treasury .
Look at what happened in Massachusetts ; voter revolt .
Democrats still have an opportunity to provide quality and affordable health care for all -- and to win in the mid-term elections -- provided they get out from under the thumb of the health insurance lobby and demand a public option along the lines of Medicare .
As we saw the other day , virtually the only way to turn the Senate health care bill into a positive -- a positive that would help re-elect worried Democratic freshmen -- would be to restore the public option .
This is fully borne out by Research 2000 polling data that shows a snapshot of voter sentiment in 10 contested freshmen - held districts confirming that : Yesterday two of the more progressive members of Congress , Jared Polis of Colorado and Chellie Pingree of Maine , sent an open letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid asking him to put the public option back on the table .
The body of their letter : Democrats in the House are stampeding to sign onto the letter .
There were already 28 co-signers the last time I looked : Tammy Baldwin ( D - WI ) , Earl Blumenauer ( D - OR ) , Robert Brady ( D - PA ) , Yvette Clarke ( D - NY ) , John Conyers ( D - MI ) , Pete DeFazio ( D - OR ) , Michael Doyle ( D - PA ) , Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) , Sam Farr ( D - CA ) , Chaka Fattah ( D - PA ) , Bob Filner ( D - CA ) , John Garamendi ( D - CA ) , Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) , Raul Grijalva ( D - AZ ) , John Hall ( D - NY ) , Alcee Hastings ( D - FL ) , Carolyn Maloney ( D - NY ) , George Miller ( D - CA ) , Gwen Moore ( D - WI ) , Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) , Jan Schakowsky ( D - IL ) , Carol Shea - Porter ( D - NH ) , Paul Tonko ( D - NY ) , Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) , Peter Welch ( D - VT ) , Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) and David Wu ( D - OR ) .
A couple things I noticed .
Every Oregon
House member signed except the two conservatives , Republican Greg Walden and Blue Dog Kurt Schrader .
And I see Lynn Woolsey signed .
What 's so strange about that ?
Well , nothing ;
Woolsey always votes right and more often than not stands up and fights for working families .
But last week she threw her lot in with one of the most reactionary Democratic members of the House -- also the wealthiest -- Jane Harman and used as an excuse that Harman was so helpful on healthcare reform .
House whips tell me Woolsey was making it up and that Harman has been a bad faith player behind the scenes .
Today , of course , she refused to sign the letter to Reid .
I would venture to guess that if progressive community activist Marcy Winograd were already in Congress -- she 's challenging Harman for the southwest Los Angeles seat -- she would have joined Polis and Pingree inthe letter .
In fact , I called Marcy and asked her about the letter and how she felt about this approach .
Her response did n't surprise me : America needs hundreds of Marcy Winograds fighting for us in Congress .
Alas , there 's only one .
Please join Blue America in helping her replace a disgraceful Blue Dog with a long career of representing corporate managers over the interests of her own constituents , consumers , workers and ordinary families .
You can do it here
The latest to sign on to the Polis / Pingree letter is chastened anti-healthcare freshman and Blue Dog Scott Murphy .
Maybe he 's looked at the polling and wants to be a Democrat again .
The other recent sign - ons are Neil Abercrombie ( D - HI ) , Corrine Brown ( D - FL ) , Mike Capuano ( D - MA ) , Andre Carson ( D - IN ) , Judy Chu ( D - CA ) , Steve Cohen ( D - TN ) , Elijah Cummings ( D - MD ) , Susan Davis ( D - CA ) , Danny Davis ( D - IL ) , Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) , Eliot Engel ( D - NY ) , Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , Luis Gutierrez ( D - IL ) , Phil Hare ( D - IL ) , Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) , Mike Honda ( D - CA ) , Hank Johnson ( D - GA ) , Carolyn Kilpatrick ( D - MI ) , James Langevin ( D - RI ) , Rick Larsen ( D - CT ) , Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) , Ed Markey ( D - MA ) , Jim McGovern ( D - MA ) , James Moran ( D - VA ) , Chris Murphy ( D - CT ) , Grace Napolitano ( D - CA ) , John Olver ( D - MA ) , Donald Payne ( D - NJ ) , Laura Richardson ( D - CA ) , David Scott ( Blue Dog - GA ) , Bobby Scott ( D - VA ) , Jose Serrano ( D - NY ) , Brad Sherman ( D - CA ) , and Diane Watson ( D - CA ) . : Bill Delahunt ( D - MA ) , Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) , Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) , David Price ( D - NC ) , Lucille Roybal - Allard ( D - CA ) , John Sarbanes ( D - MD ) , and Ed Towns ( D - NY ) all signe don this afternoon .
Even reactionary Blue Dog Jane Harman has now felt the pressure and put her name on the letter !
How about commemorating Marcy Winograd 's ability to push Harman into working for her constituents for a change with a donation to retire California 's most treacherous Blue Dog? : As Friday ended Gregory Meeks ( D - NY ) , Jim Oberstar ( D - MN ) , and Nydia Velazquez ( D - NY ) became the 3 latest signers !
Activist John Minto and four other protesters were arrested outside the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland today .
An organisation calling themselves Global Peace and Justice Auckland continued their demonstrations during Israeli tennis player Shahar Peer 's matches at the WTA tournament for a third straight day .
Today was Peer 's first match on centre court and the protesters ' numbers doubled to 16 , again using loud hailers to call for Peer to withdraw from the event because of Israel 's occupation on Palestine .
Minto and one other protester were using loud hailers while an elderly woman had a microphone and speaker .
After police had given three warnings they stepped in to arrest Minto and two other protesters and also confiscated their loud hailers .
The demonstration continued without Minto with one man climbing a tree with a loud hailer to continue to blast out the group 's message .
The police were forced to climb the tree to bring him down while the woman with the microphone and speaker was also arrested .
One of the protesters from Global Peace and Justice Auckland , Joe Carolan said it was likely the campaigners to be back again tomorrow for Peer 's semifinal match .
" Yes , I think so , " he said , when asked if they 'll be back .
" Obviously we 're going to have to talk , all the leaders of the movement have been singled out today , if that 's not political policing I do n't know what is .
" We looked to those people who had years of experience in this movement for guidance and they 've singled those out .
" It 's obvious that we 're just a small group of people here but there are obviously thousands of New Zealanders who do feel that protesters and peace activists have the rights to voice their opinion .
" That 's become the major issue of the last three days , the over the top policing here .
" The first day there was a bomb scare for someone leaving their handbag behind . "
Like yesterday , the protest had little effect on how Peer played as she comfortably won the first set 6 - 0 against Russian Maria Kirilenko .
Google has announced a rather bold move today :
It will no longer censor search results on Google.cn , the Chinese version of the search engine .
Apparently they will maintain this stance , even if it ends in shutting down Google.cn .
Advertisement
According to a post on the Official Google Blog :
We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China .
Advertisement
Google explains that part of the motivation behind this action are the recent cyber attacks on Google as well as " at least twenty other large companies " over the course of the last month :
These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered — combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web — have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
While it remains to be seen how the Chinese government reacts to this move , I could n't be prouder of Google for making it .
I hope that other major Internet properties follow suit and that perhaps we 'll see an end of national filters and censorship one of these days .
[ Google Blog via Guardian ]
It is not unusual that a single example or a very few shape an entire mathematical discipline .
Can you give examples for such examples ?
I ’d love to learn about further basic or central examples and I think such examples serve as good invitations to various areas .
I asked this question over mathoverflow and it yielded around 100 examples .
They are not equally fundamental and they are not equally suitable to be regarded as “ examples , ” but overall it is a very good list .
If you see some important example missing please , please add it .
Here are the examples classified to areas .
( Of course , sometimes , the same example may fit several areas . )
Logic and foundations :
( ~1890 ) , Russell ’s paradox ( 1901 ) , Halting problem ( 1936 ) , Goedel constructible universe L ( 1938 ) , McKinsey formula in modal logic ( ~1941 ) , 3SAT ( * 1970 ) , The theory of Algebraically closed fields ( ACF ) ( ? ) ,
Physics :
Brachistochrone problem ( 1696 ) , Ising model ( 1925 ) , The harmonic oscillator ( ? ) , Dirac ’s delta function ( 1927 ) , Feynman path integral ( 1948 ) ,
Real and Complex Analysis :
Harmonic series ( 14th Cen. ) and Riemann zeta function ( 1859 ) , li(x ) , The elliptic integral that launched Riemann surfaces ( * 1854 ? ) , Chebyshev polynomials ( ? 1854 ) punctured open set in $ latex C^n$ ( Hartog ’s theorem * 1906 ? )
Partial differential equations :
Laplace equation ( 1773 ) , the heat equation , wave equation , Navier - Stokes equation ( 1822 ) , KdV equations ( 1877 ) ,
Functional analysis :
Unilateral shift , Tsirelson spaces ( 1974 ) , Cuntz algebra ,
Algebra :
Z and Z/6Z ( Middle Ages ? ) , symmetric and alternating groups ( * 1832 ) , Gaussian integers ( ) ( 1832 ) , , su_3 ( su_2 ) , full matrix ring over a ring , SU ( 2 ) , quaternions ( 1843 ) , p-adic numbers ( 1897 ) , Young tableaux ( 1900 ) and Schur polynomials , Hopf algebras ( 1941 ) Fischer - Griess monster ( 1973 ) , Heisenberg group , ADE - classification ( and Dynkin diagrams ) , Prufer p-groups ,
Number Theory :
Conics and pythagorean triples ( ancient ) , Fermat equation ( 1637 ) , eliptic curves , Fermat hypersurfaces ,
Probability :
Normal distribution ( 1733 ) , Brownian motion ( 1827 ) , The Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble , the Gaussian Unitary Ensemble , and the Gaussian Symplectic Ensemble , SLE ( 1999 ) ,
Dynamics :
Logistic map ( 1845 ? ) , Mandelbrot set ( 1978/80 ) ( Julia set ) , cat map , ( Anosov diffeomorphism )
Geometry :
Platonic solids ( ancient ) , the Euclidean ball ( ancient ) , The configuration of 27 lines on a cubic surface , construction of regular heptadecagon ( * 1796 ) , Hyperbolic geometry ( 1830 ) , Reuleaux triangle ( 19th century ) , Fano plane ( early 20th century ?? ) , cyclic polytopes ( 1902 ) , Delaunay triangulation ( 1934 ) Leech lattice ( 1965 ) , Penrose tiling ( 1974 ) , the noncommutative torus , cone of positive semidefinite matrices , the associahedron ( 1961 )
Topology :
Spheres , Figure - eight knot ( ancient ) , trefoil knot ( ancient ? )
( Borromean rings ( ancient ? ) ) , the torus ( ancient ? ) , Cantor set ( 1883 ) , Poincare dodecahedral sphere ( 1904 ) , Alexander polynomial ( 1923 ) , Hopf fibration ( 1931 ) , The standard embedding of the torus in ( 1934 in Morse theory ) , Discrete metric spaces , Complex projective space , the cotangent bundle ( ? ) ,
The Grassmannian variety , homotopy group of spheres ( 1951 ) , Milnor exotic spheres ( 1965 )
Graph theory :
Petersen Graph ( 1886 ) , two edge - colorings of K_6 ( Ramsey ’s theorem 1930 ) , K_33 and K_5 ( Kuratowski ’s theorem 1930 ) , Tutte graph ( 1946 ) , Margulis ’s expanders ( 1973 ) and Ramanujan graphs ( 1986 ) ,
Combinatorics :
Tic - tac - toe ( ancient Egypt ( ? ) ) ,
The game of nim ( ancient China ( ? ) ) , Fibonacci sequence ( 12th century ; probably ancient ) , Catalan numbers ( mid 19th century ) , Kirkman ’s schoolgirl problem ( 1850 ) , surreal numbers ( 1969 ) , alternating sign matrices ( 1982 )
Algorithms and Computer Science :
Newton Raphson method ( 17th century ) , Turing machine ( 1937 ) , RSA ( 1977 ) , universal quantum computer ( 1985 )
Social Science :
Prisoner dillema ( 1950 ) , second price auction ( 1961 )
The ( partial ) links are to the answers over MO which often have more information and external links ( additions are moset welcome ) .
I tried to find dates for the various examples and this was not easy .
Corrections and additions are welcome !
A date with a * like * 1970 refers to a date when this example had become important in view of a certain development .
( E.g 3SAT ( * 1970 ) refers to the discovery of P,NP , and NP - completeness . )
24 SHARES Share Tweet
“ Unless commitment is made , there are only promises and hopes ; but no plans . ”
Peter Drucker
1 . Love the journey not just the destination .
Why do anything if you ca n’t enjoy the process of doing in - and - of - itself ?
Do what you love and love what you do .
2 . Take pride in the small steps .
Every step along the path should be seen as an accomplishment .
Little accomplishments add up to bigger ones ; and every snowman starts with but a single snowflake .
3. Realize persistence is key .
Do n’t be fooled by marketing schemes that offer a magic pill to fix all your problems .
Nothing of value comes without a bit of hard work and dedication , whether it is making money or losing weight .
4 . Have a sustainable routine .
Persistence comes through dedicated consistency .
If you ca n’t handle your workload then you need to adjust it until it is something you can see yourself doing everyday .
5. Commitment builds character .
You are n’t just working on whatever you are committed too , you are also working on yourself .
Therefore , every action is also an action of self - improvement .
6 . Achieving your goals is gratifying .
The feeling of accomplishment alone often makes it worth the effort .
7 . Believe that you were made for this .
We do n’t commit ourselves to sudden whims , but the things that we believe have been boiling up inside of us for years , perhaps even since we were child .
8. Find encouraging friends .
As I recently read in Daniel Goleman ’s book “ Social Intelligence , ” good feelings are contagious , when we surround ourselves with positive people they usually have a positive effect .
9 . Do n’t forget that quitting can feel awful .
Just as accomplishment can feel good , quitting feels equally painful .
Do n’t ever quit on the things that you truly value in life , you are only selling yourself short .
10 . Notice the little improvements along the way .
Be mindful that , no matter how frustrated or angry you may be in a given moment , things are always getting gradually better .
11 . Create an affirmation .
Write down an encouraging phrase to repeat to yourself every morning and night before bed .
This little mantra or autosuggestion can help motivate and inspire you to keep pushing yourself forward .
12 . Do something for the greater good .
When we align our interests to something greater than our own self , we are that much more empowered to stay committed to our goals .
13 . Stay enthusiastic and curious .
Be weary when you begin to lose interest in the things you are committed to .
It may mean you have forgotten what is really important about what you are doing .
14 . Use your anxiety as creative fuel .
Why waste your energy on negative thoughts and emotions when you can transform and re-direct towards something more beneficial and uplifting ?
15 . Do n’t be afraid to adjust .
We are n’t psychics , we do n’t know what the future may bring .
That is why it is important that we adapt in the face of new information and new experiences .
16 . Give yourself little rewards along the way .
Maybe once you finish half your paper you can treat yourself to a quick Starbucks outing with your friends .
Or , once you have reach $ 10,000 a month on your new business you can treat your family to a small vacation .
17 . Allow times of rest and leisure .
Knowing how to spend some time relaxing is key to replenishing yourself and staying energized throughout the day .
18 . Keep a journal of your progress .
We learn a lot more from our experiences when we allocate time towards reflection .
19 .
You only live once .
Even if you believe in reincarnation you probably wo n’t be remembering your past life anytime soon – might as well live it to the fullest now !
20 . Meditate and re-focus your intentions .
With all this busy - ness and chaos that often runs our everday lives , it is important that we do n’t forget what we originally intend to accomplish through our actions .
21 . Put an encouraging quote up on your wall .
This is just another effective way to integrate greatness into every aspect of your life no matter where you may be .
22 . Find empowering role models .
Sometimes the most inspiring thing we can do is pay attention to the actions of others , whether they be family , friends , musicians , or movie characters .
23 . Prioritize your to - do list .
Having a well - thought out to - do list can make all the difference between getting your stuff done by 4 pm and getting your stuff done by 6 pm .
Practice planning out your day to maximize efficiency .
24 . Ask for help in times of need .
Although we like to take pride in our independence , the fact of the matter is most of us require the cooperative hands of others to help us achieve our goals .
We are interdependent species , and it is nothing to be ashamed of .
25 . Be happy for no reason .
Be happy for the sake of happiness itself .
It ’ll make everything you do that much more meaningful .
“ Sometimes success is due less to ability than zeal .
The winner is he who gives himself to his work body and soul . ”
Charles Buxton
26 . Stay educated about your craft .
Education is key .
Do n’t let your skills dull because you are too busy or lazy .
Your craft is your livelihood – be the very best at it that you can be , and this includes constantly improving upon your abilities .
27 .
Be realistic and do n’t overestimate your abilities too much .
Basically , do n’t try running before you can walk .
There is often a learning curve we must follow before jumping right into the big leagues .
28 . Learn from your mistakes early .
Do n’t ignore your flaws .
Instead , attend to them as soon as they come into view .
The quicker you address the issues in your character or business plan , the sooner you can get towards fixing them .
29 .
Do n’t obsess over every potential obstacle .
It is not worth worrying about every single possible obstacle , you will only be wasting your energy coming up with alternative plans for each one .
Instead , just focus on the main ones , the ones that are more likely to arise , and that way you can come up with a Plan B and a Plan C… but all the way to Plan Z would certainly be overkill .
30 . Read inspiring lists like this .
Hey , why not ?
Is n’t this getting you in the mood to further commit to your aspirations ?
31 . Challenge someone .
Some of us are motivated most when we are competing against another person .
If this sounds like you then why not challenge someone ?
Maybe the first person to hook up with a girl wins twenty dollars , or the person with the highest grades at the end of the semester gets treated to a night of drinking .
32 . Be patient for that Eureka moment .
During a book signing , one of my favorite authors Jonathan Safran Foer one time said something to the effect of , “ 99 % of the time I am not sure what I am writing about or how it all fits together , but then there is that 1 % of the time where it all meshes together beautifully .
And those times make that 99 % all worth it . ”
Sometimes we are n’t sure how things are going to end , but if we remain persistent we are bound to experience our “ eureka ” moments where everything begins to make sense .
33 .
Have fun with it .
Things that give us pleasure are easy to commit to .
You do n’t often see people not able to finish their favorite book or videogame .
Make your days too fun to want to quit .
34 . Be grateful for this opportunity .
Most of us are very fortunate to live during the times that we do .
We have more freedom , prosperity , and opportunity now than ever , and that is something to be incredibly thankful for .
35 . Every now and then push yourself to an extreme for the sake of learning .
Are you a musician or a painter ?
Have you ever tried just having a 6 - hour jam session or a whole day painting ?
Just as an experiment , think of different ways you can take your commitment to the extreme and see what you learn from the experience .
This is a great method for bringing your attributes to a new level .
36 . Watch an inspiring movie .
Feeling a little down or dreary ?
Sometimes there is nothing like putting on an uplifting movie to get your head back in the game , loving life , and driven to succeed .
37 .
Know that it will be worth it in the long - run .
At times you may feel lost in the dark and not sure where this all is heading , but know that there will be light at the end of the tunnel .
38 .
Have a vision for the end , even if it is far away .
As a frame of reference , having a vision of what your future looks like is important .
As long as you do n’t get too obsessed with everything going exactly as planned , having something to strive can be an empowering tool .
Maybe you are an actor , in which case you can envision yourself giving an acceptance speech at the Academy Awards .
It is just a way to get your mind having fun and thinking ahead , but do n’t take it so seriously where you just let yourself down .
39 .
Recognize yourself as the hero of your own destiny .
Not everything is in your control , but you are still responsible for your actions – so be a hero about it .
Be triumphant , surpass people ’s expectations , and say “ fuck it ” to mediocrity .
40 .
Ask questions to those who have been on a similar path .
You have potential resources all around you and you never know who will give you the next idea .
Never be afraid to tactfully probe people for their perspective , especially those who already have experience with what it is you are trying to accomplish .
41 . Always be prepared to do more work than you originally expected .
When we first come up with a rough blueprint for our goals , we often underestimate the amount of work it will take .
Obstacles will pop up that we could n’t have expected , and those will require extra effort to overcome .
Do n’t be alarmed when these things arise .
42 . Nothing valuable comes easy .
This is just about sheer will and dedication .
If we want to rise above others , we need to go that extra mile , plain and simple .
43 . Dedicate time each day .
Frequency creates consistency .
Doing work each and everyday , even if it is just a little bit , will separate you from the crowd .
Not to mention getting some of your daily grind on over the weekends enables you to do less on weekdays .
This is one thing to consider when creating a pace you are comfortable with .
44 . Build a comfortable workplace .
Do n’t surround yourself in a prison .
Your environment is important – make it interesting , inspiring , and fun to be around .
Aim to impress people who visit you .
45 .
Do a bit of physical exercise to increase your energy .
Once I started working out I noticed I had more energy throughout the day to get more done ; I became more productive .
Getting exercise is also a great way to relieve any stresses and anxieties .
46 . Listen to motivational music as you work .
Give your life its own soundtrack .
This is your movie and you are the starring role .
47 . Ignore the little things that do n’t matter .
Do n’t waste your attention and energy on things that you ca n’t change .
If it is out of your control , it is n’t worth worrying about .
48 . Reflect on past achievements for inspiration .
Use your memories as source of encouragement .
Recall times where you did something really great , and use that as proof that you can do even more wonderful things .
49 .
Take it moment - by - moment .
Slow and steady wins the race .
We only have the present to act upon our decisions .
The past and future always come secondary , focus mostly on the things you can do right now .
50 .
Plan a celebration for when you finish .
Because you deserve it !
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
The Supreme Court handed down its decision in Citizens United v. FEC , a case that considered whether the FEC could regulate the publication of a movie critical of Hillary Clinton via a video - on - demand service .
My celebratory tweeting attracted skeptical responses from Chris Hayes and Ken Fisher , who see this as an issue of “ corporate money in politics . ”
Part of my disagreement with these guys is that I ’m just a free speech zealot .
The First Amendment says “ Congress shall make no law …abridging the freedom of speech . ”
While I would n’t say there ’s no room for interpretation , I have trouble seeing a plausible reading that allows the FEC to limit the distribution of a documentary criticizing Hillary Clinton .
The best you can say , I think , is that limiting corporate influence is a “ compelling state interest ” sufficient to overcome the First Amendment ’s ban on speech abridgment , but that ’s just another way of saying that you do n’t care about free speech very much .
Second , I think it ’s important to remember that “ corporations ” encompass much more than large , for profit businesses .
They also include a wide variety of non-profit and advocacy groups , including groups like the ACLU , the NRA , and NARAL that are , by any reasonable definition , grassroots organizations advocating the views of large numbers of voters .
Indeed , as the ACLU pointed out in its amicus brief , the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act ( BCRA ) prohibited the ACLU from running ads criticizing members of Congress who voted for the awful FISA Amendments Act of 2008 .
Even if you think it ’s appropriate for Congress to regulate the speech of Exxon - Mobil and Pfizer , I think it ’s awfully hard to square the First Amendment with a law that limits the ability of NARAL or the NRA to advocate for its members ’ views .
But more fundamentally , I do n’t buy the idea that limiting corruption is a state interest sufficiently compelling to overcome the First Amendment interest in free speech .
I think supporters of BCRA misunderstand how corporations wield influence and dramatically overestimate the power of television advertisements .
It ’s true , of course , that a corporation prepared to spend $ 1 million on ads criticizing a particular legislator will get that legislator ’s attention .
But there ’s nothing unique about this .
It can also get his attention by hiring a lobbying firm that employs a former staffer .
It can get his attention by arranging $ 100,000 in bundled contributions from executives , clients , and friends of the company .
It can get his attention by creating astroturf organizations .
And there are probably lots of other mechanisms I have n’t thought of .
The key difference between independent expenditures and these other mechanisms is that the independent expenditures are the most open and transparent .
To run an effective “ issue ad , ” a corporation has to make an argument that is persuasive voters .
I do n’t want to sugar coat the situation ; sometimes independent expenditures finance ads that are sleazy and misleading .
But given a choice between corporations spending their money on ads about how Senator Smith hates America or spending their money on K Street , I ’ll take the ads , because at least voters still get the final decision .
Moreover , I think we ’re moving toward a world in which traditional high - dollar advertising campaigns will become increasingly ineffective .
Chris compares the post - Citizens United world to a debate in which “ you get 10 seconds to make your case .
I ’ll take an hour . ”
This description of the world had a certain plausibility when most people got their news from newspapers and television — media characterized by severe , technologically - imposed bottlenecks .
These bottlenecks meant that those willing to spend more money could get a significantly bigger soapbox .
This is a lot less true online where users have practically unlimited choices .
The web is littered with lavishly funded corporate propaganda that gets a fraction of the traffic of Biong Boing .
Indeed , money literally cannot buy the kind of large , loyal audience that Cory Doctorow has earned .
Buying BlogAds on Boing Boing simply does n’t compare to being a contributor to Boing Boing itself .
And of course Boing Boing ’s audience would evaporate if they let a Pfizer lobbyist start posting there .
So I ’m not thrilled at the idea of Fortune 500 companies spending more money on bogus “ issue ads . ”
But I think the dangers of such ads are frequently exaggerated .
I ’m far more worried about preserving the right of organizations like the ACLU to spread their message .
And I do n’t see any plausible way to stop the former without seriously restricting the latter .
So I ’m glad to see the Supreme Court take the words of the First Amendment — ” Congress shall make no law ” — literally .
The White House and Congressional leaders have reached a tentative deal on a proposed excise tax on high - cost , employer - sponsored insurance plans to be included in the final version of major health care legislation , according to officials familiar with the talks .
Officials did not immediately provide details of the tentative agreement , but it is expected to include an increase in the thresholds at which policies are hit by the tax .
The Senate bill currently would impose a 40 percent tax on the amount of policies for individuals above $ 8,500 and family plans above $ 23,000 .
House Democrats and organized labor groups have been resisting the tax , which they say will hit many union - sponsored health plans and force an increase in medical expenses for many middle class families .
The unions have also sought changes in how the tax would be indexed to inflation , so that in future years it would not hit as many plans as quickly as it would under the Senate bill .
Congressional leaders have been careful to stress that nothing is agreed on in the health care talks until everything is agreed on .
But a deal on the excise tax would be a major breakthrough .
One of the biggest differences between the House and Senate versions of the legislation is how they would pay for the nearly $ 1 trillion , 10 - year cost .
The excise tax is the biggest new revenue - raiser in the Senate bill .
The House bill would impose an income surtax on individuals earning more than $ 500,000 and couples earning more than $ 1 million .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Nearly 80 percent of the 300,000 conflict - related deaths in Darfur were due to diseases like diarrhea , not violence , Belgian scientists said on Friday .
An analysis of deaths dating from 2003 , when rebels took up arms against the government of Sudan , showed that after an initial peak of violent deaths in the still - ongoing conflict , diseases associated with diarrhea became the major killers .
The researchers said their results showed that any reduction in humanitarian aid can cause deaths rates to increase sharply , raising “ serious concerns ” about the consequences of last year ’s expulsion of aid workers from Sudan by the country ’s president .
“ We should fear the worst , ” they wrote in a study in The Lancet medical journal .
Since the armed rebellion started in early 2003 , the United Nations estimates 300,000 people have died and more than 2 million have been driven from their homes after a counter - insurgency campaign by Khartoum .
“ More than 80 percent of excess deaths were not a result of the violence , ” said Olivier Degomme and Debarati Guha - Sapir of the Center for Research on the Epidemiology of disasters in Brussels .
They said a violent peak in early 2004 was followed by “ protracted phase of increased disease - related ” deaths caused by people living in conditions of unsanitary conditions with little or no healthcare infrastructure .
Diarrhea kills some 1.5 million children each year around the world - more than AIDS , malaria and measles combined .
There are three main forms - acute , bloody and persistent - all of which are potentially life - threatening .
“ Adequate humanitarian assistance to prevent and treat these potentially fatal diseases is essential , ” Degomme and Guha - Sapir wrote .
“ The full effect of the expulsion of non-governmental organizations from Darfur is still not known , but the increased mortality rate during a period of reduced humanitarian deployment in 2006 suggests that we should fear the worst . ”
The International Criminal Court last year issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al - Bashir for war crimes in Darfur .
He rejects the court ’s authority and puts the death toll at 10,000 .
SOURCE : The Lancet , January 22 , 2010 .
Gay man who tried to poison lesbian neighbours with slug pellets over three - legged cat feud walks free
Gary Stewart leaves Minshall St Crown
Court after being sentenced for attempting to poison his lesbian neighbours
A gay man who attempted to poison his lesbian neighbours by pouring slug pellets into their curry after they accused him of kidnapping their three - legged cat has walked free from court .
Gary Stewart , 37 , had fallen out with his neighbours , Ann Marie Walton , 38 , and Beverley Sales , 36 .
But in an apparent bid to restore cordial relations with the pair he offered them a curry from a local Indian takeaway .
When the couple went to eat the meal they found the curry sauce was laced with dozens of tiny blue slug pellets .
Afterwards Stewart said he had done it after he had found the tyres to his car had been slashed with a knife .
He texted a friend saying : ' It was them next door , the f******* fat lesbians , I 'm glad I 've poisoned them and yes it was slug pellets . '
He was sentenced to a six month suspended jail sentence at Minshull Street Crown Court in Manchester after pleading guilty to attempting to poison the two women on September 22 last year .
The court was told Mr Stewart , who is HIV positive , was devastated after his partner Paul Kleisier , 43 , died of an Aids related illness last summer .
He had previously got on well with his neighbours in Denton , Manchester , Miss Sales , an HGV driver , and Miss Walton , a full - time mother , but fell out with them last year after a series of petty arguments
Then last summer they were involved in a furious row after Stewart told the council they were neglecting their eight - year - old son , Jack , and social workers were called to carry out an investigation .
After that Stewart is alleged to have kidnapped the family 's three - legged cat , Amber , and dumped her in a village miles away .
Beverley Sales ( left ) and Ann Marie Walton called police when they found blue pellets in the curry
The cat was eventually found after posters showing a photograph of her led to her discovery at the home of a woman who had taken her in about three miles away .
On September 22 Stewart called Miss Walton and offered her a takeaway curry as a peace offering .
He claimed he had been given the curry by a friend but claimed he was going out for the evening and was unable to eat it all .
Miss Walton said she would collect the curry but fell asleep , so Stewart brought it round to the house and handed it to Miss Sales , telling her to ensure she shared some of the meal with Miss Walton .
Robert Smith , prosecuting , said : ' Both examined the curry later that evening and noticed it had a chemical smell .
On closer inspection it looked as though there were blue pellets in it . '
The police were called and tests found the curry had been laced with toxic metaldehyde slug pellets .
Slug pellets are poisonous and can be extremely dangerous to animals and children .
The chemical is classed as ' moderately hazardous ' by the World Health Organisation and would not normally kill an adult .
But last year vets had to destroy more than a dozen dogs and scores of cats after they ingested the pellets .
There have been no known deaths of children or adults from eating slug pellets .
Philip Barnes , defending , said : ' He does not offer any excuse for his behaviour .
The defendant was given the food in question as a thank you but brought the curry round , because of his own illness he was unable to eat it .
' This can be seen as an act of thoughtlessness and stupidity by a man troubled by his own grief . '
Sentencing him , Judge Jonathan Foster QC said : ' This was a mean offence .
I fail to understand precisely what you thought you were doing .
' In any event I am prepared to accept that you realized you would not cause any serious harm even if this food was consumed . '
Detective Constable Graham Masheter , of Greater Manchester Police , said : ' What Stewart did was premeditated and totally shocking .
' He has known the victims for several years and for no apparent reason has decided to try and inflict the misery he felt in his own life on them .
' Had either woman eaten the curry they would have become quite ill - thankfully they noticed and contacted police . '
If you 're like me , you may have found the announcing during yesterday 's SEC Championship Game to be .... underwhelming .
Here 's a compilation of Verne Lundquist and Gary Danielson 's greatest moments of confusion , obfuscation and outright lies .
To be fair to Lundquist and Danielson , they did notice and correct many of their errors yesterday — which is more than you can say for a lot of announcers — although viewers may have been left to wonder if the pair was watching the game on a fuzzy black - and - white TV in the rec room of their assisted living home .
There were several bad calls , missed assignments , questionable math , a few discrepancies regarding who was actually on the field , I 'm pretty sure Verne mispronounced the sideline reporter 's name more than once , and Mr. Inside and Mr. Outside did , in fact , play for Army .
Advertisement
The turtle crack was also ill - advised , however , you have to forgive the boys for clowning on a dude who lost a football throwing competition to a girl .
He kind of deserved it , did n't he ?
[ Video via CBS ]
January 21st , 2010 | by Ethan Jaynes |
Darwin ’s Nightmare , Pic .
He would have never of wrote that silly little book , if he would have known that this would be a result .
Goldman 's not going anywhere
Goldman spent a hefty sum to buy back stock during the market boom , but the buybacks have come to a halt after the financial crisis .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Does anyone really believe a little populist outcry will make Goldman Sachs crawl under a rock ?
The New York investment firm has come under attack as the backlash against bank bailouts builds .
Long associated with uncanny trading profits , huge bonuses and political connections , Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) lately has become the face of Wall Street venality .
Not everyone buys into this logic , though .
So with each plan to rein in the big banks , the market drumbeat grows for Goldman to take its ball and go home .
The firm should relinquish its New York Stock Exchange listing and return to a partnership structure , according to one popular theory .
But as much as CEO Lloyd Blankfein might like to restore Goldman to a state of richly compensated obscurity , it is unlikely to flee the stock market .
Doing so would hardly silence the firm 's many critics and , more important , could hurt business .
" Going private does n't solve their problems , " said Roy C. Smith , a former Goldman partner who is now a finance professor at New York University .
" It 's not very practical on a number of levels , but especially because access to the public markets is essential for a trading firm . "
Though it often claims otherwise , Goldman has indeed become a trading firm .
Revenue from its trading and principal investments business accounted for 75 % of total revenue in 2009 , compared with an annual average of 39 % in the second half of the 1990s .
But getting low - cost funds for trading is n't Goldman 's only concern .
Going private would force the firm to borrow tens of billions of dollars to buy out public shareholders -- a move that would n't jibe with the message that Goldman is being managed prudently and conservatively .
" For them to increase leverage at a time like this is not the way they typically do business , " said David Merkel , chief economist at broker - dealer Finacorp Securities .
Goldman 's bonuses figure in the mix too .
The firm said before its 1999 initial public offering that selling stock to the public would create a highly liquid market for securities it could use to pay workers and make acquisitions .
Since then , paying workers seems to have taken even greater priority .
The size of Goldman 's staff has more than doubled in the decade since its IPO , while average pay per worker jumped to $ 498,000 in 2009 from $ 297,000 in 1998 .
Like other banks , Goldman last year pledged to pay more in stock in the name of containing undue risk - taking .
But it may run into problems because issuing all that stock comes at cost .
Goldman has spent $ 32 billion since its IPO buying back stock , in part to mop up the shares issued to employees .
It has n't always done so wisely .
Merkel estimates the firm has squandered almost $ 6 billion over the past four - plus years buying back overpriced shares .
The firm has n't bought back shares since early 2008 , and chief financial officer David Viniar said last week on a conference call that he does n't know when it will be able to decide about future buybacks .
" We are hopeful that over the course of this year , at least the broad outlines of regulatory programs will become a little bit more clear and we 'll be in a better position to think about returning capital , " Viniar said .
That uncertainty does n't just keep Goldman from buying back shares .
Though the administration recently has made a show of being tough on the financial industry , it remains unclear what rules the banks will operate under once financial reform legislation eventually passes Congress .
No firm will risk making major decisions until the ground rules are set on capital ratios , leverage , liquidity and windfall taxes , Smith said .
And with the administration lately taking a much stronger stance , at least publicly , the haze seems in no great danger of clearing .
" The whole thing is pretty weird right now , " Smith said .
" We 've gone from too big to fail to too hard to follow . "
A second major take - away for me ( besides the importance of population in the equation ) is Changes in technology may delay the end of growth by a few years , but they do not avoid it , and do not avoid the decline .
A third observation I found interesting is that the biggest stresses are likely to occur at the time when growth ceases -- that is now -- not , as is popularly believed , as the result of the decline itself .
The number one take - away for me from this talk is The end of growth does not come from depletion , but from rising capital costs .
In some ways , this is intuitive .
When you put this statement together with the work I have been doing that shows that debt cannot continue rising in the face of peak oil , it makes this issue even more important .
Dr. Meadows recently gave a talk for the Population Institute .
Both the presentation and a podcast of Dr. Meadows giving his talk can be downloaded from the Population Institute site .
In this post , I summarize what I understand Dr. Meadows to be saying in that talk .
Readers with time are encouraged to listen to the Podcast and look at the presentation themselves .
Dr. Meadows did not cover all of his slides in his talk .
This post relates only to those that he did cover .
Dr. Dennis Meadows is one of the authors of the well - known 1972 book " Limits to Growth , " plus two updates of the book .
He has received a number of awards for his work , most recently the prestigious Japan Prize from the Science and Technology Foundation of Japan .
What follows is my summary of the presentation .
The more technical parts are fairly close to a transcript .
For precisely what was said , I recommend the recording itself , free from i-tunes .
The application runs on MacIntosh machines .
I am not certain about Windows .
Slide 1
The reason I [ Dr. Meadows ] am giving this talk is because I think that there is the possibility of positive change .
Much of the way that we conduct ourselves is based on habit .
For example , we get into the habit of crossing our arms with our right hand ( or left hand ) on top .
It is not that putting the right hand or left hand on top is better or worse .
We have just developed a habit of crossing our arms in a particular way .
If we are going to solve the population problem , we need to learn new habits .
I am hopeful that like learning to cross our arms in a different way , we can inspire people to learn new habits that will limit population growth -- something that is needed with finite resources .
My [ Dr. Meadows ' ] views regarding what is sustainable are different now than they were 40 years ago .
At that time , I worked with others at Massachusetts Institute of Technology to build a simple computer model that might offer some insight into the impact of limits to growth .
We did not expect the model to be predictive -- only that the scenarios might provide a rough boundaries regarding what might happen in the future .
In our reference scenario in 1972 , we expected growth to continue for 40 to 80 more years .
The major difference I see in looking at the situation now is that things seem to be developing more rapidly than we expected then .
Slide 2
Let 's start by looking at our reference scenario .
The red line shows where we were when the model was first developed .
I have blocked out the fourth quadrant of the chart , because the world situation is likely to be so different from the situation we modeled that the model is likely to be totally irrelevant .
The area shaded in light blue represents the time period that might possibility be changed by the policies we implement today .
Slide 3
In 1972 , we expected another 40 to 80 years of growth in the various scenarios .
While some of the scenarios we looked at ended in orderly decline , most of the scenarios we modeled ended in collapse .
This likely outcome was later confirmed by William Catton in his book Overshoot .
You will note I say that technology may delay the end of growth a few years , but it does not avoid the end of growth or the decline .
I have worked in science and technology , and I have a scientific degree , so I am not saying this because I am unaware of what technology can do .
When we put together models using phenomenally optimistic assumptions , it just moved the decline date back a few years .
Social changes are essential for a better outcome .
Take population for example .
There are two ways population can decreased :
1 . The birth rate can go down , or
2 . The death rate can go up .
A key factor to understand is that what are normally considered problems today -- for example , climate change , energy shortages , and erosion , are n't really problems .
Instead , they are symptoms of attempted infinite growth in a finite world .
In some ways , the situation is like if you have a friend who has cancer , and because of the cancer he has a headache .
It is not nice to have a headache , so you give your friend pain relievers , but you do n't imagine you have cured the problem .
The problem is cancer , and until you deal with the problem , there will be one or another manifestation , such as a head ache .
We talk a lot about climate change today .
I predict that in three or four years , we wo n't be talking about climate change .
We will be talking about energy scarcity or food shortages or declining water supplies .
This will occur not because we have dealt with climate , but because it is one of a large family of pressures which are going to mount until finally physical growth stops .
Slide 4
[ I do not believe that Dr. Meadows spoke directly about this slide , but I thought it was important for completeness . ]
Slide 5
World population has been rising rapidly , and in our models , continues to rise .
Slide 7
World metal use is also rapidly increasing .
Slide 9
We have now reached overshoot .
According to Wackernagel 's analysis , we passed global capacity in 1980 , eight years after our book was published .
We are now about 40 % above carrying capacity , according to his analysis .
In the early days , we had only models to tell us we were beyond carrying capacity .
Now , we can look at the newspapers and get confirmation of the fact .
Slide 10
Kevin Noone published this image in Nature showing various areas where overshoot may manifest itself .
Except for ozone , we are not making much progress in keeping physical stresses in limits .
Some sectors appear not to have problems , but that is only because we do not have the situations quantified .
Slide 11
It was astonishing to me in 1972 that people could start from the assumption that there are no limits .
It has been even more amazing to see the evolution to this thinking .
Initially , the assumption was that people were just uninformed .
The assumption was that if we can manage to give them the facts , they will change their opinion , and fall into line .
Nothing I have seen in 40 years gives me support for that opinion .
If you marshall enough facts to disprove an objection , then the critics will just find another objection .
There are an infinite number of objections , so you are never going to come to the end of the process .
The above slide shows the sequence of objections .
Now that it is clear that markets will not fix the situation , the belief is that technology will be the solution .
Technology does n't deal well with limits either .
There are thermodynamic proofs of this .
Let me discuss some key assumptions in our model .
William Catton mentions that there are three different ways we use space -- one for extraction ; one for activity ; and one for basically dumping stuff .
The first and third of these have costs associated with them .
Slide 12
This is a generic curve , but I could show you empirically based versions of this curve for particular reserves .
When you have 100 % of a given resource , you can start to use it up , and you do n't perceive any particular cost increase .
It is only when you get past maybe 50 % , 60 % depletion that you start to see a radical rises in cost of extraction .
We do n't have time here , but I could explain why it behaves that way , and the reasons are not ones that can be changed by technology .
Technology can shift the curve a little bit , but it can't alter the fact that well before you get to zero resource , the cost will become infinite .
Slide 13 - ( Above slide has been revised from that used in the original presentation , at the request of Dr. Meadows . )
And there is an analogous curve for dumps , where we try to put stuff .
As the fraction of the sink is slowly occupied to a greater and greater extent , the cost of dealing with the consequences of production goes up rapidly .
Slide 14
Here is one particular example of the effect of these curves .
It is the declining return on investment of energy .
We built this country with energy that gave 70:1 to 100:1 energy payback .
With domestic resources , we are now down to 10:1 , 15:1 or 20:1 energy paybacks .
You can see the trends are moving in a way which mean that well before the middle of the century , we will be dealing with energy resources that hardly break even .
What you can do with 100:1 payback is enormously different than what you can do with a system that is generating only 2:1 or 3:1 payback .
It is just that in the case of fossil fuels , we have used up many of the resources .
In our book , we describe the consequences of declining energy return .
I wo n't get into great detail here , except to point out a couple of important features of our model .
Slide 15
Industrial growth occurs because of the positive feedback loop that occurs , depicted on the above chart .
More capital gives you more output ; more output permits more investment ; and more investment lets you build up your capital stock .
As long as investment exceeds depreciation , you have growth - - exponential growth , and rapid rates of increase .
Depending on how equitable society is , people , at least some people , get richer .
However , as we start to draw down our resources and fill up our sinks , more and more of the capital has to be drawn off to provide for the other needs .
Eventually , you get to the point where you can't sustain production around the industrial capital loop sufficiently to sustain growth .
In our world model , it is the failure of model to produce enough output for capital reinvestment that tips you over into decline .
We are moving now into that period .
Slide 16
Some people now looking at our curves would imagine that the periods of greatest stress would be after the peak -- once the declines have set in .
I do n't think that is true .
Right now , around the globe , we ( that is corporate , political , and religious leaders ) are working as hard as we can to sustain growth .
For growth to stop , negative pressure have to mount until they are strong enough to offset our positive pressures .
That 's the period that we are in now .
So I anticipate the big stresses are the ones we are going to encounter over the next couple of decades .
Slide 17
Let me give one very quick example in the two minutes that remain .
Take CO2 concentration .
Here again , we published this in 1972 .
You can see the red line and notice how quickly things accelerated after our book came out .
No causal relationship there , but , on the other hand , it is pretty clear that no one paid any attention either .
[ Note by Gail : I wonder if the shift to debt based financing in this period helped " goose " growth . ]
Why is it doing this ?
Everyone in the world wants greenhouse gasses to go down , but , by and large , they keep going up .
Not only in the United States , which did n't sign the Kyoto Accord , but in all of the countries that did sign the Kyoto Accord .
Slide 18
Well , here we see the crucial role of population .
The chart shows CO2 emissions as a function of four factors :
1. Number of people .
2. Number of units of capital per person , which is a surrogate for living standards .
3 . The amount of energy required to build and operate that capital .
4 . The fraction of that energy that comes from non-fossil sources .
So far , our concern about climate change had manifested itself through efforts to improve efficiency and to implement alternative energy sources -- the so - called technology options .
I will just close by pointing out that as long as we ignore demographic and cultural issues , the growth in the first two factors will continue to offset all of the improvement we make in factors 3 and 4 .
And so until we can understand how to begin reducing the growth in the first two factors , climate change is a foregone conclusion .
[ Dr. Meadows finished with a little clapping game to show that actions speak louder than words with respect to reducing population growth .
He did not finish all of his slides -- which is why I have omitted some . ]
[ Postscript by Gail .
Dr. Meadows clearly sees capital somewhat differently than I have been looking at it .
His model does not seem to incorporate debt .
To me , it seems like debt allows resource developers effectively to obtain capital temporarily for nothing , by promising some of the future output of the positive feedback loop shown in Slide 15 , including interest , back to lenders .
When returns start slipping ( because of the two forces Dr. Meadows mentions -- higher resource extraction costs and higher costs of handling pollution sinks ) -- there is not enough money to pay back money lenders , and the system starts unraveling quickly , as we have recently been witnessing .
I think that inequity in the sharing of the outputs of the resource loop shown in Slide 15 is helping the system to continue to provide the level of capital investment that is now being provided .
If the outputs were being shared equally , we would find that workers would be benefiting proportionately with bankers , and rich countries would be benefiting proportionately with poor countries .
Our children would have an equal chance at getting high - paying jobs that we who are parents of young adults have had .
This inequity in sharing seems to me to play a big part in what funds for re-investment remain .
The recent emphasis on renewables is in the direction of causing even higher capital needs .
To the extent that this takes needed capital away from unglamorous parts of the system that are necessary for the system to survive , it could lead the system to fail earlier than it otherwise would . ]
By Americo Martins
American executive editor , BBC World Service
Up - to - date information is vital for the people of Port - au - Prince The BBC has started broadcasting radio programmes in Creole to earthquake - stricken Haiti .
The programmes are to provide much - needed information to Haitians struggling to deal with the effects of last week 's devastating disaster .
Connexion Haiti is a 20 - minute daily show , broadcast from 0910 to 0930 local time ( 1410 to 1430 GMT ) on FM in Haiti 's six largest towns and cities .
It is also available on satellite and online , and via social media .
Any radio station in Haiti also has free and unlimited access to the programmes .
The show focuses on practical information and public health advice .
The aim is to provide a lifeline to the survivors of the tragedy and to try to bring information about missing people .
This is the first time the BBC is broadcasting in Creole , Haiti 's national language .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The earthquake has seriously disrupted the country 's communication system , leaving millions of Haitians without crucial information about aid efforts .
Local radio stations have been doing their best to get news bulletins on air , report on the catastrophe and help families to locate relatives .
Radio has always been the most popular form of media in Haiti , the poorest country in the Americas .
Even stations that did not suffer serious earthquake damage are now having problems keeping their programmes on air , because they can't get enough fuel for their generators .
The lack of information is of serious concern to the UN , and the national government , and is a major obstacle for the aid operation in the country .
A significant part of the population still lacks information about where to get help and support .
The new BBC programme is being produced in Miami by a multilingual team assembled especially for this task .
The daily programme is broadcast between 0910 and 0930 Haiti time ( 1410 to 1430 GMT ) on six FM relays on the island : Port-au - Prince 89.3 FM ; Cap - Haïtien 105.5 FM ; Gonaïves 90.5 FM ; Las Cayes 106.9 FM ; Jacmel 96.9 FM ; and Jérémie 92.7 FM .
It is also broadcast on shortwave to the country and will be available on the Canal Satellite Antilles , Caribbean - wide radio and TV satellite network .
Online , people can listen to the show on the BBC Caribbean website : www.bbccaribbean.com
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Conservatives have been very critical of the Golden Globe - winning film “ Avatar ” for its mystical melange of trite leftist themes .
But what they have missed is that the essential conflict in the story is a battle over property rights .
“ Avatar , ” written and directed by James Cameron and set in 2154 , is the story of young American Jake Sully , who joins a military mission to the distant moon Pandora , which has a supply of an expensive and almost impossible to obtain mineral ( thus its name , “ unobtainium ” ) .
Living among the tall , blue natives in the form of an “ avatar ” -- a lab - created body hooked up by Wi-Fi to his own brain -- Sully comes to doubt his mission and to join the Na’vi people in resisting the earthlings ’ designs on their land .
Despite its magnificent 3 - D special effects , it features a tired plot and merely serviceable dialogue .
But conservatives have focused on the ideas that the film embodies .
In National Review , Frederica Mathewes - Green mocked its dreamy vision of “ the apparently eternal conflict between gentle people with flowers in their hair and technology - crazed meanies . ”
Advertisement
Ross Douthat in the New York Times called it an “ apologia for pantheism . ”
John Podhoretz in the Weekly Standard complained that it asks “ the audience to root for the defeat of American soldiers at the hands of an insurgency . ”
Lots of conservatives complain that a movie about American soldiers invading another planet and killing people is an allegory about the Iraq war .
And many agree with Bolivia ’s socialist president that “ Avatar ” is anti-capitalist .
They all have a point .
The film is a perfect souffle of left - wing attitudes .
But conservative critics are missing the conflict at the heart of the movie .
It ’s quite possible that Cameron missed it too .
The earthlings have come to Pandora to obtain unobtainium .
In theory , it ’s not a military mission , it ’s just the RDA Corp. with a military bigger than most countries .
The Na’vi call them the Sky People .
Advertisement
To get the unobtainium , RDA is willing to relocate the natives , who live on top of the richest deposit .
But alas , that land is sacred to the Na’vi , who worship the goddess Eywa , so they ’re not moving .
When the visitors realize that , they move in with tanks , bulldozers and giant military robots , laying waste to a sacred tree and any Na’vi who do n’t move fast enough .
Conservatives see this as anti-American , anti-military and anti-corporate or anti-capitalist .
But they ’re just reacting to the leftist ethos of the film .
They fail to see what ’s really happening .
People have traveled to Pandora to take something that belongs to the Na’vi : their land and the minerals under it .
That ’s a stark violation of property rights , the foundation of the free market and indeed of civilization .
Sure , the Na’vi -- who , like all of the people in lefty dreams , are psychically linked to one another and to all living creatures -- probably view the land as their collective property .
At least for human beings , private property rights are a much better way to secure property and prosperity .
Nevertheless , it ’s pretty clear that the land belongs to the Na’vi , not the Sky People .
Advertisement
Conservatives rallied to the defense of Susette Kelo when the Pfizer Corp. and the city of New London , Conn. , tried to take her land .
She was unreasonable too , like the Na’vi :
She was n’t holding out for a better price ; she just did n’t want to sell her house .
As Jake tells his bosses , “ They ’re not going to give up their home . ”
“ Avatar ” is like a space opera of the Kelo case , which went to the Supreme Court in 2005 .
Peaceful people defend their property against outsiders who want it and who have vastly more power .
Jake rallies the Na’vi with the stirring cry “ And we will show the Sky People that they cannot take whatever they want !
And that this is our land ! ”
That ’s a story conservatives ought to be able to understand .
“ Avatar ” has its problems , from stilted dialogue to its embrace of the long - discredited myth of the “ noble savage ” in tune with nature .
But conservatives should appreciate a rare defense of property rights coming out of Hollywood .
Advertisement
David Boaz is executive vice president of the Cato Institute and the author of “ Libertarianism : A Primer ” and “ The Politics of Freedom . ”
The Antarctic peninsula is a vast finger of land that protrudes into the Southern Ocean .
It is as inhospitable a place as one can imagine ; a land of ice and blizzard .
Yet the peninsula is currently under - going a remarkable transformation .
Over the past six decades , temperatures there have jumped by a staggering 5C .
Populations of one of the peninsula 's key inhabitants , the Adelie penguins , are plummeting as ice sheets crack and melt .
Now consider the other side of the planet .
Sea ice cover in the Arctic is hovering at its lowest level for the time of year since records began .
In a few decades , it will probably disappear completely during the summer months , say researchers .
The consequences for wildlife , such as the polar bear , are perturbing .
Sandwiched in between is the rest of the planet , which is now afflicted , in every continent , by climate change driven by rising emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from factories , homes and cars .
This decade will be the warmest recorded in 160 years , say meteorologists .
At the same time , rising sea levels are poisoning fresh water wells in Bangladesh , droughts are becoming longer and more frequent in east Africa , and coral reefs are dying as oceans absorb more and more carbon dioxide and become increasingly acidic .
Our world is changing and urgent action is needed to save it , which makes the feebleness of the climate change deal hammered out in Copenhagen yesterday such a bitter disappointment .
The planet needed a blueprint for survival .
What it got was a nebulous accord that falls desperately short on specifics .
No binding limits on individual countries ' emissions were established , a criterion crucial for halting the current increase of carbon in the atmosphere .
Nor was any deadline agreed for establishing such limits .
Instead , delegates merely stipulated that the world needs to keep future global temperature rises below 2C , a figure that scientists say will prevent the worst impacts of climate change .
The exact mechanism for achieving this aspiration was left to future negotiations , however .
Not surprisingly , the limp language of the Copenhagen accord has gone down badly with many NGOs .
" Half - hearted pledges to protect our planet from dangerous climate change are simply not sufficient to address a crisis that calls for completely new ways of collaboration across rich and poor countries , " said Kim Carstensen , leader of WWF 's global climate initiative .
Andy Atkins , executive director of Friends of the Earth , was equally enraged : " This toothless declaration condemns millions of the world 's poorest people to hunger , suffering and loss of life as climate change accelerates .
We need a profound change of approach from the world 's wealthiest countries to secure a genuine strong and fair agreement . "
You get the message .
Our leaders fluffed their chance to save the planet .
The question is : was this their last chance ?
In other words , can something still be salvaged from the Copenhagen accord ?
Most leaders , including Gordon Brown and Barack Obama , believe the answer is yes .
As they point out , the accord – although failing to specify carbon emission cuts – does pledge a sum of $ 30 bn to provide short - term aid to help developing nations cope with the effects of climate change while also agreeing the goal of setting up a $ 100 bn - a - year fund by 2020 to address their longer - term needs .
These are significant commitments that have raised the hopes of a number of scientists and commentators .
" I think there is reason to be optimistic – it's the first time we 've ever got the world to think about a single - number aspiration : that we should not cross more than two degrees of global warming , " said Chris Huntingford , of the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology .
" I hope that will lead to some sort of legally binding agreement . "
Nicholas Stern , chair of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment , has been equally confident : " The summit has generated , for the first time , commitments on emissions reductions from the world 's two largest emitters , China and the US , and they have acted for the first time to produce proposals for action .
These two results represent an important breakthrough . "
These are fair points and suggest that all is not yet lost .
However , we should be in no doubt about the challenges and the dangers that lie ahead .
Should we fail to keep global temperature rises down to 2C , and allow them to reach 3 or 4C , we will inflict immense damage to ecosytems , farmland and weather systems .
Large chunks of the Amazon rainforest could burn down while deserts will spread across southern Africa , Australia and the western US .
Methane and carbon dioxide , currently trapped in the frozen permafrost of the Arctic , will be released in vast quantities , triggering further jumps in global temperatures .
Sea - level rises could reach 5 metres by the end of the century , submerging large parts of Bangladesh , the Netherlands and Florida .
The consequences for humans , and animals , would be terrible .
But given that the Copenhagen accord includes only a vague commitment concerning the reduction of carbon emissions , how can we hope to curtail global warming ?
We are pumping around 47bn tonnes of greenhouse gases , mostly carbon dioxide , into the atmosphere each year .
If we are to avoid temperature rises of more than 2C , emissions must peak and begin to decline by 2020 and then drop to around 35bn by 2030 and 20bn in 2050 , say scientists .
Each year of inaction makes these targets more difficult to achieve , however .
The more carbon that is pumped into the atmosphere this year , the more stringent reductions will have to be in future years .
We are piling up crises for future generations .
The cause is clearly urgent and it is crucial that lessons are learned from Copenhagen , a point stressed by Andrew Pendleton , senior fellow at the Institute for Public Policy Research .
" The cumbersome process and overloaded agenda meant failure was programmed into the system from the beginning , " he has pointed out .
" Leaders came to Copenhagen to rewrite history and left having made a few notes in the margin . "
Clearly , a radical reframing of climate change policy needs to be adopted so that a proper deal can be struck at next year 's climate talks in Mexico .
Stern has suggested that a group of 20 nations be set up now so that its representatives can work on a draft treaty , and develop a consensus about future deals among other nations .
Faced with an agenda stripped of crippling detail , our leaders will then be far more likely to agree to a formula that will allow us to tackle global warming .
At the same time , individual nations and power blocs , such as the EU , need to announce their own binding carbon cut commitments and maintain the momentum of the Copenhagen talks .
In short , a deal to halt global warming can be done .
We can step back from the brink if we acknowledge what went wrong in Copenhagen .
Certainly , I am disappointed in the outcome of this month 's summit but I am not despondent – for the moment .
I am attorney Charles Kazarian , and my firm is known as Kazarian Law .
Over the past 39 years , the focus of my Boston law practice has been on litigation and trial work predominantly in the area of legal malpractice , with strong experience in business litigation and serious personal injury .
My law firm is based in Boston , Massachusetts , but we have successfully handled cases in Rhode Island , New Hampshire and Maine .
In addition , we will consult on cases in other states in cooperation with local counsel .
I am widely known for my experience and success in the area of legal malpractice .
I take pride in helping ordinary people who are the victims of legal negligence recover compensation for their losses .
I also advise clients when it is possible to appeal decisions lost because of their lawyer ’s mistakes .
Beyond legal malpractice , I have a track record of success in business litigation , civil rights law , and other complex litigation .
I have earned the respect of my peers and numerous referrals from satisfied clients .
My goal is always to help my clients resolve legal issues without litigation and in the shortest possible time through out - of - court negotiations , mediation and arbitration .
However , when a favorable negotiated settlement is not possible , I bring to bear more than 35 years of experience arguing cases at all levels of the court systems in Massachusetts and other New England states .
I frequently handle cases on a contingency basis , meaning there are no attorney fees unless I recover a judgment or settlement in your favor .
I have an extensive record of winning positive results for my clients .
Perry vs. Schwarzenegger
Boies went after Blankenhorn ’s credibility immediately , noting that he apparently had only one peer - reviewed article to his credit and that was a thesis on a labor dispute between cabinetmaker unions in Britain .
Although Blankenhorn was being offered as an expert witness on how same - sex marriages are detrimental to heterosexual marriages and children , Boies noted that Blankenhorn ’s education had been in history .
“ You ’ve never taught a course in college , ” said Boies , “ and you have no degree in psychology , psychiatry , sociology , anthropology . … ”
“ No , ” said Blankenhorn , interrupting .
“ And in preparation for this testimony , did you undertake any scientific study of what effects permitting same - sex marriages have been in any jurisdiction where same - sex marriages have been permitted ? ” asked Boies .
At least a dozen times in the testimony , Mr. Blankenhorn refused to answer Mr. Boies when the lawyer posed a question and asked him to answer with a straightforward “ Yes , no , or I do n’t know . ”
Mr. Blankenhorn would say that there was no way to answer without extended clarification — even after Judge Walker instructed him to respond on several occasions .
During a typical exchange , Mr. Boies asked the witness if any of the scholars he has relied on had “ asserted that allowing same sex marriage would lower the rate of heterosexual marriage . ”
Mr. Blankenhorn replied that the “ safest answer is I do n’t know , ” before adding , “ But I believe the answer is that some of them have . ”
Mr. Boies then asked Mr. Blankenhorn to name the scholars , but the witness refused .
As the questioning devolved into bickering , Judge Walker put both hands in the air to stop the pair .
“ Do n’t argue with each other , ” he said wearily , pointing to Mr. Boies and then to Mr. Blankenhorn .
“ Just ask a question and give an answer . ”
COPENHAGEN 
As part of the prolonged national headache caused by a Danish newspaper ’s decision to publish 12 caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in 2005 , last weekend ’s attack on one of the cartoonists responsible had a certain awful inevitability about it .
Once again , the motivation was fury , still fresh after all this time , over the dissemination of the cartoons .
And once again , the circumstances  in this case , the news that the person accused of the attack was a Muslim immigrant suspected of having links to terrorists  has led Danes into an uneasy examination of their relationship to their Muslim population .
In a country that already has one of the strictest immigration policies in Western Europe , the attack has also spurred politicians from across the political spectrum to demand ever more stringent rules about who should be allowed to live here .
“ I ’m sorry to say , but it ’s déjà vu  every time we experience an episode , then in 10 minutes we have them saying we have to have a new law , ” said Naser Khader , a member of Parliament and the spokesman on foreign affairs and immigration for the Conservative People ’s Party .
He was speaking of the increasingly powerful Danish People ’s Party , whose votes the government relies on to pass legislation and whose populist , anti-immigrant rhetoric has informed and inflamed debate in recent years .
Eco-Friendly Glowing Wallpaper Could Replace Light Bulbs
A new high - tech , low - energy glowing wallpaper could replace the need for light bulbs .
So you want to save money on your electric bill and help Mother Earth , but you ’re not so wild about those pricey and constantly flickering florescent LED bulbs ?
Soon , there ’ll be another option : ditch your light bulbs altogether and coat your rooms with a low - energy wallpaper that lights the room .
If it sounds like a recipe for constant electric shocks , do n’t worry : the voltage is low enough that you wo n’t feel a thing if you happen to lean against the wall .
Unlike the glare of most light bulbs , the wallpaper ’s light is soft , and mimics sunlight .
You ’ll be able to use a dimmer switch to control how bright you want the room , just as you can with traditional bulbs .
A UK company called Lomox has received a $ 720,000 grant from the Carbon Trust to develop the new technology and get it ready for the general public .
According to estimates , the technology should be available in the UK as early as 2012 .
The special coating , which can also be painted onto walls or incorporated into roll - up screens , is two and a half times as energy - efficient as LED lights , and will be extremely budget friendly .
Because the wallpaper only requires three to five volts , it can be powered by solar cells .
Thanks to its portability , the system could also be used to illuminate signs and important notices in areas without power lines .
This technology seems enticing , but if it takes off , there ’s one problem :
What will replace all those “ How many ___s does it take to change a lightbulb ” jokes ?
Farouk Shami , the Houston hair care magnate running for governor , wants you to know that he is not a Muslim .
He also wants you to know that he is not a Quaker .
One more thing he wants you to know :
The Texas media , possibly out of “ something darker and racially motivated , ” is engaging in a disservice to Texas Democrats by promoting a “ media sideshow surrounding Shami 's religious beliefs . ”
The campaign Tuesday made those charges in a hyperbolic statement by Campaign Director Vince Leibowitz on “ the onslaught of coverage relating to Farouk Shami 's religion . ”
You say you missed the onslaught ?
That may be because it consisted of an article in the Austin American - Statesman and the citing of that article in a few political blogs , including one produced by the Houston Chronicle .
The confusion about Shami 's religion was sown by the candidate himself and his campaign .
In an early interview when he first was considering a race , Shami responded to a question about his religion by the Chronicle 's R.G. Ratcliffe by saying he was someone of Muslim background .
Last November , according to the American - Statesman , Shami's then - campaign spokesman Jason Stanford said the candidate was a Quaker .
Leibowitz told the newspaper that was apparently a “ miscommunication ” based on the fact that Shami attended a Quaker school .
But Stanford said Shami told his former campaign manager , Joel Coon , that he was a Quaker .
Coon confirmed that to the American - Statesman .
The paper also quoted Shami's son , Basim Shami of The Woodlands , as saying his father “ is a Muslim . ”
But the son added , “ We believe in all religions , to tell you the truth , but we were brought up as Muslims . ”
And in December , the candidate told San Antonio's ABC Television affiliate : “ My religion is American . . . .
I 'm a Muslim Quaker .
Have you ever heard of that ? ”
You would think that effort to blow away all stereotypes would have settled the matter .
But now Shami is officially declaring something that may make winning an election even harder than winning as a Muslim or a Quaker .
He is “ not a member of any specific religious tradition . ”
He quickly professed a “ strong personal relationship with God , ” but he does n't go to church .
I 'm not sure Texas or America is ready for that .
In political campaigns , going to church is right up there with kissing babies and promising no new taxes .
An aide to then - U.S. Sen .
Phil Gramm was once told to schedule attendance at a church service as part of a local campaign appearance .
When he asked which church , he was told whichever one has a televised service .
I 've seen no evidence that finding out which church candidates belong to , or even whether they go to church , is useful in determining whether they will be good officeholders .
Our politicians seem to be at least as sinful as their electorate , with professions of religiosity just adding a layer of hypocrisy .
So I agree with the Shami campaign that the “ economy , job creation , transportation , and the environment are all more worthy issues for discourse . ”
So I can't wait for his television ads which , as reported by KHOU - TV , will have Shami promising to create 100,000 new jobs in two years or resign as governor and give the state $ 10 million .
Is that a platform , or a sideshow ?
rick.casey@chron.com
All the signs showed Australia was following the same trend as the United States where extreme obesity has been commonplace for a decade , Professor Dixon said .
Surgeon Harry Frydenberg said he saw up to 50 super obese patients a year who want to access bariatric surgery such as lapbanding .
Ten years ago such patients were extremely rare , he said .
Dr Frydenberg recently treated a man weighing 297kg .
Many suffer from chronic conditions such as diabetes , sleep apnoea and depression .
For some , going under the knife is too dangerous .
'' We 've had patients where their chance of dying is just too high , they 've got serious cardiac or respiratory problems and anaesthetically they would just have no chance , '' Dr Frydenberg said .
'' You do n't see too many people with BMIs of 50 who are 70 years old because they just do n't survive that long . ''
Tim Gill , an associate professor at the Boden Institute of Obesity at Sydney University , said the trend had escalated of late .
'' Like the rich get richer the fat get fatter and the more overweight you are the less easy it is for you to take those steps to prevent further weight gain .
'' You 've lost the ability to recognise when your body is telling you to stop eating , so you 've been able to totally obliterate those types of controls , '' Dr Gill said .
Health care systems in the three nations more closely resemble the U.S. system of insurance - based coverage .
Holland and Switzerland rely exclusively on private insurance , and all three rely on private doctors .
The three European nations deliver universal coverage and world - class quality at a fraction of what Americans spend .
All of them require that everyone purchase insurance , make sure everyone can afford it and ban insurers from such practices as refusing to cover the sick that are common in the United States .
" We 've got something worse than socialized medicine in this country , " said Alain Enthoven , a Stanford University economist known as the father of the Dutch system .
" We have doctors causing hospital infections by not washing their hands because the incentives do n't punish them for hospital infections , and we 've got something that is financially destroying our economy .
It 's a disaster . "
In many ways , the legislation in Congress builds on a broken system , experts said , reinforcing such features as relying on employers to buy health insurance rather than letting workers shop for their own plans .
European health care is universal , but contrary to popular perception , it is not all nationalized .
Facing rapidly aging populations , many European countries have gone much further than the United States in using market forces to control costs .
At the same time , regulations are stronger and often more sophisticated .
Most of Europe spends about 10 percent of its national income on health care and covers everyone .
The United States will spend 18 percent this year and leave 47 million people uninsured .
Europe has more doctors , more hospital beds and more patient visits than the United States .
Take Switzerland : 4.9 doctors per thousand residents compared with 2.4 in the United States .
And cost ?
The average cost for a hospital stay is $ 9,398 in relatively high - cost Switzerland and $ 17,206 in the United States .
" In Switzerland , rich or poor , they all buy the same health insurance , " said Regina Herzlinger , chairwoman of business administration at Harvard University and a leading advocate of the Swiss system .
" The government gives the poor as much money as the average Swiss has to buy health insurance . "
The Swiss and Dutch buy their own coverage from competing private insurers .
Both systems address market failures that pervade U.S. health care : Insurance companies must provide a core benefit package and everyone must buy coverage .
Consumers can shop for value and pocket the savings , as opposed to U.S. patients who hand the bill to someone else .
Switzerland does not have a public program like Medicare or Medicaid .
Far from leading to poor quality and rationing , both countries and Germany , where government has a much larger role in health care , outperform the United States on many quality measures .
These are not just broad measures such as life expectancy that could reflect higher U.S. poverty or obesity .
Even Britain , much maligned by opponents of government - run health care in America , has made greater strides in preventive care .
" The data are pretty clear , " said Peter Hussey , a Rand Corp. analyst .
" Everybody ( in the United States ) is at risk for poor - quality care . "
The system does n't work for anyone .
It cheats patients and leaves them to die , denies insurance to 47 million Americans , forces hospitals to spend billions haggling over claims , and systematically bleeds and harasses doctors with the specter of catastrophic litigation ...
The cost of all of this to society , in illness and death and lost productivity and a soaring federal deficit and plain old anxiety and anger , is incalculable — and that 's the good news .
The bad news is our failed health care system wo n't get fixed , because it exists entirely within the confines of yet another failed system : the political entity known as the United States of America .
This morning 'spointed up the inconsistencies in comparing the proposed healthcare reforms with the Insurance Industry straw man ( Canada and Britain ) and the reality of the countries the U.S. system would actually be modeled like : Netherlands , Switzerland ( which certainly must be the ultimate hero nation of all right - wingers and teabaggers today ) and Germany .
The Republicans rarely make any sense , and when they do , it 's never for the right reasons .
Their demand that we scrap the highly flawed healthcare reform package and start anew is because they would like to kill it outright or make it much worse .
Their motivation is clearly partisan .
Nonetheless , they 're correct that Congress would come up with a better bill , a much better bill .
Alan Grayson and many other progressives make the point that this bill will save lives and should be passed for that reason .
They have a good point .
But is the bill so overwhelmingly and intrinsically terrible that Democrats should make a deal with Republicans to start over again and work to write and pass a more coherent and effective way to cover the healthcare needs of the country ?
The bill as it stands now is a disgraceful mess of corporate protections , payback from politicians who have been -- simply put -- bought off by lobbyists and corporate CEOs .
Many say Obama's " change , " at least as proposed in the bills before the House and Senate , is change for the worse , change that will give for - profit corporations even more debilitating and ultimately destructive power over the lives of ordinary American families .
The bill looks like it will force us -- something that will destroy the Democratic Party in the midterm elections -- to purchase third - rate insurance plans that can cost as much as the empowered insurance villains want to charge with absolutely no guarantee of quality .
The goals are basically to transfer wealth from the consumer base to the shareholders and to enrich corporate management through unrestricted gouging of consumers .
In other words , Obama and the Democrats are doing the Republicans ' jobs for them -- having eaten at the same bribery - filled troughs for too long .
Even the so - called public option is now so restricted and anemic -- rather than robust and universal -- that it will serve , at best , 2 % of Americans .
And it does this while serving another GOP wet dream : cutting Medicare and Medicaid .
Is this going to be Obama 's legacy -- or this plus Afghanistan ?
What it says about the Democratic Party is just absolutely shameful .
In 2010 and 2012 , Republicans will cynically campaign on Medicare Advantage and sweep the Democrats out of power .
The Republicans certainly do n't deserve to return to power , but the Democrats are , in effect , .
This bill should be scrapped , H.R. 1826 should be fast - tracked and passed , and Congress should start over again on a serious healthcare reform bill .
Are we still an experiment ?
My old friend -- and former Dictator -- Scott Kempner reminded me to read the new Matt Taibbi piece inAnd that was just the opening -- of a seven page tirade that every member of Congress ought to be reading this week .
Labels : campaign finance reform , health care reform
Potion Panic 2 : Defend yourself from the waves of weird and terrible beasts by mixing your own unique killer potions .
Smash them with rocks , dissolve them with acid , or asphyxiate them with vapours .
Discover dozens of unique and fun recipes to use against the attacking monsters .
Save your recipes for instant use later or simply use the random potion for a messy surprise .
Buy upgrades to increase your potions potency , or MochiCoins upgrades for some really powerful premium stuff !
Mix , shoot , defend !
We filter potentially offensive or inappropriate results because we want to avoid situations whereby we might misrecognize a spoken query and return profanity when , in fact , the user said something completely innocent .
It 'd be kinda funny if someone was live - bleeping your profanity , right ?
Sure , but five minutes later you 'd sober up to regret and lingering annoyance .
Turns out the Nexus
One does it for real , courtesy of Google 's speech - to - text engine -- it replaces notorious curses like the F and S words with a ' # # # # , ' which is a more dramatic take on the Zune HD 's now - obsolete Twitter censorship .
As silly as this sounds , Google has come up with a good reason : Kudos for caring , but it would n't hurt to have an on / off option either -- after all , it 's not like we 're asking for pinch - to - zoom here , and we 'll promise to use a swear jar .
Of course , I 'm writing about Meereen , where the weather is hot and muggy , oppressive .
If the snow keeps falling , I better take it as an omen , switch to a Jon chapter tomorrow .
The good news : finished a chapter today .
The bad news : it 's one I 've finished at least four times before .
This time , though , I think I finally got it right .
We 'll see .
Still whacking at the Meereenese knot .
I took an especially vigorous hack two days ago , by switching to a new POV .
It seems to have helped .
Helps to have a pair of eyes on the inside rather than the outside here .
And back story works better in recollections than in dialogue .
Let 's hope that when next week comes , I still like what I did this week .
Writing , writing ...
Its ironic that I found this post from George RR Martin this morning as I sit snowed in as well :
This is not an earth shattering update , but its an update none the less .
And for George RR Martin to talk about finishing something , anything with A Dance With Dragons is good news .
What will 2010 bring ?
It ’s sure to be an eventful year in journalism and multimedia and I ’ve already spelled out a few of my predictions for the year .
But how can you prepare yourself for all the twists and turns ?
If you ’ve already given up smoking , joined the gym and do n’t need to loose any weight , here are 10 resolutions to make you a better multimedia journalist in 2010 .
01 . Learn a new web skill
You ca n’t live in fear of code , CMS , templates ‘ and all that geeky stuff ’ any longer : if you do n’t know a bit of HTML the other 50 people going for your dream job will .
Or maybe only one of them will , it does n’t matter , they ’ll still probably get the job .
There are two myths about learning web languages : 01 . it ’s really difficult ; 02 . it costs money .
They ’re both false .
Learning any of the basic web languages is both relatively easy and free .
You can fork out £ 40 / $ 60 on “ HTML for Dummies ” if you want but it ’s not necessary .
I ’ve just spent a few hours over Christmas lounging on the sofa teaching myself Javascript on my laptop .
If you ’re still not convinced , think about this : society is moving increasingly online and news definitely is .
How much of a handicap is it to be unable to speak the language of the web ?
It ’s like moving to France without knowing a jot of French .
And then trying to get a job on Le Monde .
Four things you can learn :
HTML / XHTML CSS Javascript J- Query
02 . Read up on business
I ’ve said several times in recent articles and videos , as have many others , there is potential for journalists to employ business skills to create small , nimble journalistic ventures which return a profit .
Even if most balk at that idea , multimedia journalists – especially freelancers – should tool up on business skills to maximise their profits .
Again , do n’t be scared off by the unfamiliarity of the subject .
Use the New Year to grasp the nettle and dive straight in .
I ’ve been reading lots of business books over the last three months , investigating how journalists can employ business knowledge in a news environment .
The results will appear in a new e-book here in the spring .
In the meantime , study successful business people and find out how they made it work .
And remember this , the most successful businesspeople often come from non-business backgrounds :
Richard Branson ( him off Virgin ) left school with few qualifications .
Despite being dyslexic , he set up his own magazine .
Duncan Bannatyne ( off that there Dragons Den ) was a beach bum until he turned 30 , when he started selling ice - cream , now he ’s worth more than £ 100m .
03 .
Make audio slideshows
If you have n’t made any audio slideshows yet , pledge to make at least one in 2010 .
They ’re great because they ’re relatively quick and cheap to make ( a second - hand SLR and audio recorder could set you back perhaps £ 300 ; Soundslide software is just £ 50 ) and the results can be stunning .
They ’re also removed of the production distractions of shooting videos , so you can focus on telling a great story .
The weekend audio slideshow challenge :
Got a free weekend on the horizon ?
Start thinking of story ideas near you .
All you need is one or more people to interview , and a setting with the opportunity for great photographs and great sounds .
Set it up .
On Saturday morning go and record the story and take lots of pics .
On Sunday morning go through your material and craft it into a story on paper .
Then edit the audio together using Audacity ( free software ) and create a slideshow in Soundslide .
Sleep on the results , and after making changes , upload the final piece on Monday morning .
Use social networks like LinkedIn , Twitter and Facebook to share it .
And you could even try to pitch it to a paper .
Repeat as many weekends as possible .
04 . Learn a new design skill
I think New Years Resolutions should be about learning new things , not prohibiting things ( can you tell ? ) .
Here ’s another .
A journalist with a great visual eye makes for a good multimedia storyteller .
Composition , colour are really important , especially if you ’re working in video or photography .
But there will be more calls for interactive designers in the future .
People who can create stunning data visualisations using Java and design software .
If none of the resolutions appeal to you so far , think about learning how to use Photoshop ( or even cheaper , its open source equivalent GIMP ) ; of how about Illustrator or DreamWeaver ?
And start bringing in some design blogs into your blog reader .
I gave some suggestions in my best of the blogs post .
Join a network like Deviant Art or Behance to show off your work .
05 . Pick up a microphone
This is an appeal to make 2010 the year you take audio seriously .
If you ’re shooting video or audio slideshows , audio is half of the magic , and coming back with poor sound quality should n’t be acceptable .
Spend some money on a decent microphone and spend some time learning how to use it properly .
6×6 : audio
In my e-book “ 6×6 skills for multimedia journalists ” I devote a chapter to getting good audio .
Click here to download it .
06 .
Have personal projects
Life should n’t be all work , work , work – even if we are lucky enough to call journalism our job .
Devote time to personal creative projects .
They ’re a fantastic way to keep your creativity vitalised .
Make it the part of journalism you love the most – writing maybe , or shooting video , or designing graphics … and give yourself a project just for the hell of it .
It ’ll keep you in a happy place I promise .
Ideas for personal projects
Create a tumblr account and use it to post your own creative bits and pieces
Start writing that novel or screenplay .
Go on , just write the thing !
Design a new range of awesome posters
Create an audio portrait of an interesting area or neighbourhood over the space of 6 months
Start creating blogazines instead of boring old blog posts
07 .
Aim to double your blog readership or website hit rate
Challenge yourself to create a website that really sells you and gives value to readers .
The key , as all the blogging mavens tell you , is creating great content .
Make 2010 the year you stop posting funny videos or rants about something you read in the paper , and focus your content .
What value can you share with other people ?
What do you know about that other people will want to know about it ?
If you ’re a journalist , there ’s a good chance there ’s something you can share .
This very post is a good example .
I was close to writing a “ my goals for 2010 ” post , and bore you all with my plans for next year .
Then I thought I could add much more value to your day by coming up with this list .
08 . Devote time to storytelling
One of the things I learned in 2009 was about the importance of storytelling , how most storytelling nowadays is crap , how many of us think it ’s something we ’re born with or that it ’s easy .
Storytelling is in fact a craft in itself : choosing the characters , developing a narrative , conflict and climax .
Take time in 2010 to learn more about this mysterious and under - appreciated art .
A good place to start would be to get hold of a copy of Robert McKee ’s excellent book Story .
He ’s been quoted all over this blog in 2009 .
09 . Collaborate and hookup
One of my aims for 2010 is to collaborate more .
Teaming up with other people , especially those who have strengths where you have weaknesses is really fulfilling .
Collaborating also gives projects a better chance of getting funding and of getting finished .
So do n’t go it alone in 2010 .
At the same time , talk to more journalists , and collaborate on ideas for the future of news .
More than 150 people have joined the Future of News Meetup Group I created in 2009 , and in 2010 we ’ll be meeting every month to thrash out new , positive , tangible ideas on what the news landscape will look like .
If you ’re in London , make sure you sign up and get involved .
If you ’re not in London , then create your own for your area !
10 .
Be audacious
2009 was a rough year .
And the signs are 2010 wo n’t be any easier , especially if you ’re a journalist .
But make a decision now not to get battered around by the waves of the economic storm .
Your future does n’t have to be shaped by events around you , just you , your ideas , and whether you ’re prepared to turn them into reality .
“ If you do n’t find what you ’re looking for , be it , create it . ”
S. Dawns
Whatever your resolutions and goals are for next year , make them audacious .
Make them big and make them exciting .
If they do n’t excite you or scare you a little bit , what hope do you have of making them happen ?
And a final resolution for you …. keep reading this blog !
It ’s been great to have all your comments and feedback in 2009 ; there will be lots more practical advice about multimedia journalism in 2010 , including two ebooks before February .
To make sure you do n’t miss out , use the form to the right to subscribe to future posts .
Whatever you have planned for 2010 , I hope it ’s awesome .
Happy New Year !
0.000000 0.000000
Female presenters on the Saudi channel Awtan TV
Amani Fikri
BBC Arabic Service
Until recently you would never have seen women presenting television programmes dressed from head to toe in the niqab or burqa .
But on the Saudi religious channel Awtan TV it has now become the norm .
Female broadcasters at the station are draped in the all - enveloping dresses , which are usually black and also cover their faces .
The work environment too is very different .
Male technical assistants do not enter the studio while the women are presenting .
There are more than 60 religious channels across the Middle East .
Some allow women to present programmes without being fully covered or dressed in black .
Others have no women presenters at all .
Relationship Awtan TV decided to take a unique approach .
The station was launched in 2008 , and last month it set a precedent by allowing women to present , but only on the condition that they wear the niqab .
We report from the field in the niqab and it does not stop us from doing anything
Ola al - Barqi
Awtan TV presenter Ola al - Barqi anchors a breakfast show , as well as a quiz show for girls called Mosabqat Banat .
A key element of the programme is the relationship built between presenter , contestants and the audience - something that might be more difficult if the presenter is totally covered up .
" The face is not the only way to build a relationship , " explains Ms Barqi , speaking to BBC Arabic .
" We 're always receiving calls from viewers in various countries encouraging us to keep doing what we do . "
And , as Ms Barqi points out , women are not just confined to the studio at Awtan TV .
" We report from the field in the niqab and it does not stop us from doing anything . "
' Restrictive ' Wahhabism , the strain of Sunni Islam that is officially practised in Saudi Arabia , is considered one of the religion 's most conservative forms .
Some critics say that Awtan TV is restricting women 's freedom by making it compulsory to wear the niqab if they want to be presenters .
These seamstresses in Saudi Arabia work in the factory completely veiled
The issue recently returned to prominence when a leading Egyptian cleric , Sheikh Mohammed Tantawi , said he would issue an edict stating that the niqab was a " custom that has nothing to do with Islam " .
Many Muslim scholars take the position that the niqab is not obligatory .
But Ms Barqi says nobody " forced the niqab " on her and she does not intend to force it on her three daughters , who watch their mother on television and feel proud of her .
However , the presenter thinks that when the time comes , her girls will want to wear the niqab because that is how they were brought up and it is , she argues , part of Shariah - Islamic law .
Advantages
Ms Barqi says there are other good reasons why she wears the niqab .
It helps her to concentrate more on her work rather than anything else , and what she looks like is irrelevant .
" We do n't introduce ourselves as beautiful women who put on layers of make - up .
Our audience is focusing on what we present to them , our ideas and our discourse . "
Ms Barqi believes some people work in the media to become famous .
But that is not why she became a presenter .
" We do n't need fame , " she explains .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Four U.S. Senators are pursuing legislation they believe would fix the “ mistake ” President Obama made with the man who allegedly failed to blow up a Christmas Day flight into Detroit .
That “ mistake ” was treating him like a serious criminal , tossing him in jail and planning a trial .
Nevertheless , Senators Joseph Lieberman ( I - CT ) , Susan Collins ( R- ME ) , Robert Bennett ( R - UT ) and John Ensign ( R - NV ) are pushing legislation that would require civilian authorities to consult with intelligence leaders when taking an accused terrorist into custody .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ [ This ] legislation would not deprive the President of any investigative tool , ” Sen. Lieberman ’s
Web site claims .
“ It would not preclude a decision to charge a foreign terrorist in our military tribunal system or in our civilian criminal justice system . ”
In a response , Anthony D. Romero , executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union , fired back : “ It is extremely disturbing that members of the U.S. Congress are essentially calling for Obama administration officials to discard the Constitution when a terrorist suspect is apprehended – as if the Constitution should be applied on a case by case basis . ”
In the Lieberman press release , Sen . Ensign explained that he believes informing Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab of his Miranda rights before condemning him to possible life in prison is “ as perplexing as it is dangerous . ”
“ This more clearly illustrates that this Administration is more concerned with gently prosecuting terrorists than it is with extracting important intelligence from them that would help prevent future attacks and protect the citizens of this country , ” he claimed .
“ Terrorism is a crime , and to treat terrorism that takes place far from any battlefield as an act of war is to propose that the entire world is a battlefield , to give criminals the elevated status of warriors and to invest whoever the current president may be with the authority to imprison a broad category of people potentially forever , without ever being afforded an opportunity to defend themselves , ” noted ACLU ’s Romero .
ADVERTISEMENT
To abandon due process in terrorism cases turns the rule of law on its head and flies in the face of the values that we are fighting to protect in the first place .
Our criminal justice system is fully capable of accommodating the government ’s legitimate security interests while at the same time providing fundamental rights to defendants . ”
This video was broadcast by ABC News on Jan. 3 , 2010 , as snipped by Talking Points Memo .
Novell on Monday will offer a kit for developers to build Apple iPhone and iPod Touch business applications using Microsoft 's .
Net Framework instead of the Apple - designated C or Objective - C languages .
Leveraging Novell 's Mono runtime for running Windows applications on non-Windows systems , Novell 's MonoTouch 1.0 is a commercial software development kit that lets developers utilize code and libraries written for .
Net and programming languages like C# .
[ See InfoWorld 's report on the case for supporting and using Mono . | Looking for business - class iPhone apps ?
Start with InfoWorld 's free , interactive iPhone app finder .
It separates the wheat from the chaff and makes it easier to find iPhone apps for business and IT users . ]
" What 's important here is that C# and .
Net are considerably more productive development environments than the native iPhone language , which is Objective - C , " said Miguel de Icaza , vice president of the developer platform at Novell and the leader of the Mono project .
With MonoTouch , the Mono runtime provides such developer services as garbage collection , thread management , type safety , and Web services , de Icaza said .
Novell anticipates applications being developed ranging from productivity applications to line of business systems , health care applications , and games , he said .
Individual developers and software vendors can sell their products into the iPhone market , while corporate developers and IT organizations can deploy applications on a new mobile environment , Novell said .
MonoTouch features a software development kit and a suite of compilers , libraries , and tools to integrate with the Apple iPhone SDK .
Developers can take advantage of native iPhone APIs .
A cross-compiler is included to turn .
Net executable files and libraries into native applications for distribution on the Apple App Store or for deployment by enterprise iPhone users .
Ahead - of - time compilation is used instead of a Just In Time compiler , enabling distribution in the Apps Store .
Integration with Apple 's XCode IDE enables devloeprs to test on the iPhone device or on the Apple iPhone Simulator , Novell said .
With MonoTouch , Novell brings a new development paradigm to the iPhone , said analyst Al Hilwa , program director for application software at IDC .
" MonoTouch brings a new option to the table , " Hilwa said .
" I would say that applications closest to the metal will continue to be written in Objective - C , but where developers want to target multiple platforms , including apps that cross over between desktop and mobile , MonoTouch allows them that portability .
Of course , the big win with it is that it opens the door for some 5 million .
Net developers to begin to do iPhone applications . "
" The success of the iPhone and apps for the iPhone suggest that Objective - C is being well - tolerated out there even though people complain about its lack of familiarity , " Hilwa said .
" The average developer has to learn Objective - C to program on the iPhone , very few developers know it to start . "
Although Mono is associated with the LGPL ( GNU Lesser General Public ) license used for distributing free and open source software , Novell with MonoKit is distributing Mono under commercial terms .
The LGPL requires that users can replace an LGPL library with their own version of a library , a conflict with App Store requirements , according to Novell .
" We have the rights to redistribute Mono under commercial terms and that 's what we 're giving to users here , " said Joseph Hill , product manager for Mono at Novell .
MonoTouch Enterprise Edition is available for a one - year subscription for $ 999 .
About 2,000 persons have been signed up for the MonoTouch beta program , which began in early August .
Learning path : Getting started with IBM Cloud Pak for Data
This learning path is designed for anyone interested in quickly getting up to speed with using IBM Cloud Pak for …
Phoenix PerlMongers : SDL01 - Introducing SDL Perl
Presented October 6 , 2011 at the offices of www.liquidweb.com in Scottsdale , Arizona
Here 's a link to the slides :
http://pm.veritablesoftware.com/slides/introducing_sdl_perl/index.html
Doug presents an introduction to SDL Perl , a platform - independent system for rendering graphics .
Douglas E. Miles presents " Introducing SDL Perl " Presented October 6 , 2011 at the offices of www.liquidweb.com in Scottsdale , ArizonaHere 's a link to the slides : Doug presents an introduction to SDL Perl , a platform - independent system for rendering graphics .
But , I 'll be honest .
I doubt that there will be .
Most of the upticks following our latest national downturns have been dismal enough that economists have had to invent a new term for them .
The phrase is jobless recovery , and the implications are as ugly as they sound .
What it means is that GDP rises , but life remains crappy for real people with real jobs .
If they 're lucky enough to have one , that is .
Where does the money from rising GDP go , then ?
Funny you should ask .
It goes exactly where it 's been going for the last three decades .
Not to the public , and not to raising the living standards of ordinary folks .
But , rather , to the uber - class .
My guess is that The Great Recession as some are calling the current disaster ( presumably to avoid using the D word ) will be followed by what history will record as the The Tepid and Rather Jobless , Thank You Very Much , Recovery .
If that .
And , more importantly , my guess is that this will be the latest and greatest click yet of what is the most massive ratcheting project of the last three decades , perhaps the most wholesale redistribution of wealth in human history .
Consider the numbers ...
The richest four hundred Americans were worth an average of about $ 13 million each in the middle of the century , using today 's dollars .
Now they average over $ 260 million each .
The top taxpayers in America now pay the same proportion of their income in taxes as those earning less than $ 75,000 per year .
Those taxes on the wealthy went from being more than half of their income fifty years ago to about a sixth today .
In the past three decades , the income of the richest Americans quadrupled , while the income of the lowest ninety percent actually fell .
Today , the median wage is lower than it was in the 1970s , even though productivity has grown by nearly fifty percent .
All told , from the 1930s through the 1970s , America produced the biggest and richest middle class in human history .
But then many of us made the mistake as I did of assuming that this had become , based on a solid society compact , the default status quo for the foreseeable future .
In fact , it was instead an aberration .
And it was contingent .
It was an aberration because we are now speedily returning ( if we have n't already arrived ) to the days prior to the New Deal , when the rich had everything and the middle class was small and insecure .
And it was contingent because the good old days depended on a combination of elite satiation and / or a strong progressive defense of an equitable economic order .
But both have disappeared in the Age of Reagan .
Today , there are seemingly no bounds conceivable to what the already astonishingly wealthy will do in order to further magnify their holdings .
No suffering of the struggling middle class let alone impoverished brown people inconveniently sitting on top of desirable resources somewhere abroad represents the slightest impediment to a greed which long ago ceased to have any passing relationship with utility .
We are simply talking here about sociopaths people who cannot fathom a reason to alter their predatory behavior under any circumstances , even when the lives of millions are at stake , and even when another pile of millions of dollars in their investment portfolio does nothing to improve their condition because they are already so rich to begin with .
Okay , well , that 's not exactly a new thing .
Unless , say , you 're a geologist and you happen to think that human beings are a new thing .
But what is new is that the other possible protection against the gutting of the middle and working classes that is , the existence of a progressive bulwark against greed has all but disappeared .
At the level of elites , this has transpired because the Democratic Party has simply joined the GOP in becoming a corporate tool , serving the interests of Goldman Sachs and a few others , with near complete disregard for the public interest .
At the mass level , Americans have embraced their own petite bourgeois form of greed , and have become stupider and Republicaner with each passing year .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
5 5 3
Rate
It | View Ratings
David Michael Green Social Media Pages :
David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( dmg@regressiveantidote.net ) , but regrets that time constraints do not always allow him to respond .
His website is ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Nmap Announce mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Nmap 5.20 Released From : Fyodor < fyodor ( ) insecure org >
Date : Wed , 20 Jan 2010 10:13:33 - 0800
Happy new year , everyone .
I 'm happy to announce Nmap 5.20 - - our first stable Nmap release since 5.00 last July !
It offers more than 150 significant improvements , including : o 30 + new Nmap Scripting Engine scripts o enhanced performance and reduced memory consumption o protocol - specific payloads for more effectie UDP scanning o a completely rewritten traceroute engine o massive OS and version detection DB updates ( 10,000 + signatures )
The Nmap 5.00 source code and packages for Linux , Mac , and Windows are available for download at the usual place : http://nmap.org/download.html
Go give it a try !
And if you find any bugs , let us know on nmap- dev ( http://nmap.org/book/man-bugs.html).
Here are the CHANGELOG entries since 5.00 : o Added 31 new Nmap Scripting Engine scripts for a grand total of 80 !
They new ones are summarized in this release ( tagged [ NSE SCRIPT ] ) , but you can learn much more about them all at http://nmap.org/nsedoc/. o [ Zenmap ]
After performing or loading a scan , you can now filter results to just the hosts you are interested in by pressing Ctrl+L ( or the " Filter Hosts " button ) to open the host filtering interface .
This makes it easy to select just Linux hosts , or those running a certain version of Apache , or whatever interests you .
You can easily modify the filter or remove it to see the whole scan again .
See http://nmap.org/book/zenmap-filter.html.
[ Josh Marlow ] o
For some UDP ports , Nmap will now send a protocol - specific payload that is more likely to get a response than an empty packet is .
This improves the effectiveness of probes to those ports for host discovery , and also makes an open port more likely to be classified open rather than open|filtered .
The ports and payloads are defined in payload.cc .
The ports that have a payload are 7 ( echo ) , 53 ( domain ) , 111 ( rpcbind ) , 123 ( ntp ) , 137 ( netbios - ns ) , 161 ( snmp ) , 177 ( xdmcp ) , 500 ( isakmp ) , 520 ( route ) , 1645 and 1812 ( radius ) , 2049 ( nfs ) , 5353 ( zeroconf ) , and 10080 ( amanda ) .
[ David ] o Nmap 's -- traceroute has been rewritten for better performance .
Probes are sent in parallel to individual hosts , not just across all hosts as before .
Trace consolidation is more sophisticated , allowing common traces to be identified sooner and fewer probes to be sent .
The older traceroute could be very slow ( taking minutes per target ) if the target did not respond to the trace probes , and this new traceroute avoids that .
In a trace of 110 hosts in a / 24 over the Internet , the number of probes sent dropped 50 % from 1565 to 743 , and the time taken dropped 92 % from 95 seconds to 7.6 seconds .
Traceroute now uses an ICMP echo request probe if no working probes against the target were discovered during scanning .
[ David ] o Integrated 1,349 fingerprints ( and 81 corrections ) submitted by Nmap users !
They resulted in 342 new fingerprints ( a 17 % increase ) , including Google 's Android Linux system for smart phones , Mac OS X 10.6 ( Snow Leopard ) , the Chumby , and a slew number of printers , broadband routers , and other devices ( 40 new vendors ) .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/416
[ David ] o Dramatically improved the version detection database , integrating 2,596 submissions that users contributed since February 3 , 2009 !
More than a thousand signatures were added , bringing the total to 8,501 .
Many existing signatures were improved as well .
Please keep those submissions and corrections coming !
Nmap prints a submission URL and fingerprint when it receives responses it can't yet interpret .
o [ Ncat ]
The -- ssl , -- output , and -- hex - dump options now work with -- exec and -- sh- exec .
Among other things , this allows you to make a program 's I/O available over the network wrapped in SSL encryption for security .
It is implemented by forking a separate process to handle network communications and relay the data to the sub -process .
[ Venkat , David ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] http-enum enumerates URLs used by popular web applications and servers and reports which ones exist on a target web server .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/http-enum.html.
[ Ron , Andrew Orr , Rob Nicholls ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] nfs - showmount displays NFS exports like " showmount - e " does .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/nfs-showmount.html.
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] dhcp - discover sends out DHCP probes on UDP / 67 and displays all interesting results ( or , with verbosity , all results ) .
Optionally , multiple probes can be sent and the MAC address can be randomized in an attempt to exhaust the DHCP server 's address pool and potentially create a denial of service condition .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/dhcp-discover.html. [ Ron ] o
We performed a memory consumption audit and made changes to dramatically reduce Nmap 's footprint .
This improves performance on all systems , but is particularly important when running Nmap on small embedded devices such as phones .
Our intensive UDP scan benchmark saw peak memory usage decrease from 34MB to 6MB , while OS detection consumption was reduced from 67 MB to 3MB .
Read about the changes at http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/663.
Here are the highlights : * The size of the internal representation of nmap - os - db was reduced more than 90 % .
Peak memory consumption in our OS detection benchmark was reduced from 67 MB to 3MB .
[ David ] *
The size of individual Port structures without service scan results was reduced about 70 % .
[ Pavel Kankovsky ] *
When a port receives no response , Nmap now avoids allocating a Port structure at all , so scans against filtered hosts can be light on memory .
[ David ] o Ndiff now shows changes in script ( NSE ) output for each target host ( in both text output format and XML ) .
[ David ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] smb-psexec implements remote process execution similar to the Sysinternals ' psexec tool ( or Metasploit 's psexec " exploit " ) , allowing a user to run a series of programs on a remote machine and read the output .
This is great for gathering information about servers , running the same tool on a range of system , or even installing a backdoor on a collection of computers .
It works against Win2K , Windows 2003 , and Windows XP .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/smb-psexec.html
[ Ron ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] citrix - enum - apps and citrix - enum - apps - xml print a list of published applications from the Citrix ICA Browser or XML service , respectively .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/citrix-enum-apps.html and http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/citrix-enum-apps-xml.html.
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] citrix - enum - servers and citrix - enum - servers - xml.nse print a list of Citrix servers from the Citrix ICA Browser or XML service , respectively .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/citrix-enum-servers.html and http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/citrix-enum-servers-xml.html.
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] citrix - brute - xml uses the unpwdb library to guess credentials for the Citrix PN Web Agent Service .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/citrix-brute-xml.html.
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] oracle - sid - brute queries the Oracle TNS - listener for default instance / sid names .
The SID enumeration list was prepared by Red Database security .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/oracle-sid-brute.html.
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] x11 - access checks whether access to an X11 server is allowed ( as with " xhost + " for example ) .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/x11-access.html. [ jlanthea ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] db2 - info enhances DB2 database instance detection .
It provides detection when version probes fail , but will default to the version detection probe value if that is more precise .
It also detects the server platform and database instance name .
The DB2 version detection port ranges were broadened to 50000 - 50025 and 60000 - 60025 as well .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/db2-info.html.
[ Tom ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] ssl - cert retrieves and prints a target server 's SSL certificate .
It can do TLS negotiation against SMTP ports which support it .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/ssl-cert.html.
[ David ] o [ Ncat ]
Now has configure - time ASCII art just like Nmap does : . . \` -" ' " -'/ } 6 6 { ==. Y , == /^^^\ . / \ )
Ncat : A modern interpretation of classic Netcat ( ) -( ) / -" "---" "--- / / Ncat \_/ ( ____ \_.=|____E o [ NSE ]
Default socket parallelism has been doubled from 10 to 20 , which doubles speed in some situations .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/161.
[ Patrick ] o Version detection 's maximum socket concurrency has been increased from 10 - 20 based on timing level to 20 - 40 .
This can dramatically speed up version detection when there are many open ports in a host group being scanned .
[ Fyodor ] o [ Ncat ]
For compatibility with Hobbit 's original Netcat , The -p option now works to set the listening port number in listen mode .
So " ncat - l 123 " can now be expressed as " ncat - l - p 123 " too .
[ David ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] smbv2 - enabled checks if the smbv2 protocol is enabled on target servers .
SMBv2 has already suffered from at least one major security vulnerability .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/smbv2-enabled.html.
[ Ron ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] http - favicon obtains the favicon file ( / favicon.ico or whatever is specified by the HTML link tag ) and tries to identify its source ( such as a certain web application ) using a database lookup .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/http-favicon.html.
[ Vladz ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] http -date obtains the Date : header field value from an HTTP server then displays it along with how much it differs from local time .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/http-date.html.
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Added a function for scripts to format their output in a consistent way .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/lib/stdnse.html#format_output.
[ Ron ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] http-userdir - enum attempts to enumerate users on a system by trying URLs with common usernames in the Apache mod_userdir format ( e.g. http://target-server.com/~john).
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/http-userdir-enum.html.
[ Jah ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] pjl - ready - message allows viewing and setting the status message on printers which support the Printer Job Language ( many HP printers do ) .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/pjl-ready-message.html.
[ Aaron Leininger ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] http - headers performs a GET request for the root folder ( " / " ) of a web server and displays the HTTP headers returned .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/http-headers.html.
[ Ron ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] http - malware - host is designed to discover hosts that are serving malware ( perhaps because they were compromised ) , but so far it only checks for one specific attack .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/http-malware-host.html.
[ Ron ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] smb-enum - groups displays a list of groups on the remote system along with their membership ( like enum.exe - G ) .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/smb-enum-users.html [ Ron ] o [ NSE ]
For all the services which are commonly tunneled over SSL ( pop3 , http , imap , irc , smtp , etc. ) , we audited the scripts to ensure they can support that tunneling .
The com.tryssl function was added for easy SSL detection .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/lib/comm.html
[ Joao ] o [ NSE SCRIPT ] ntp- info prints the time and configuration variables provided by an NTP service .
It may get such interesting information as the operating system , server build date , and upstream time server IP address .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/ntp-info.html.
[ Richard Sammet ] o Added a service probe and match lines for the Logitech / SlimDevices SqueezeCenter music server .
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o Added service detection probe for Kerberos ( udp / 88 ) and IBM DB2 DAS ( 523/ UDP ) .
[ Patrik Karlsson ] o Added a UDP payload and service detection probe for Citrix MetaFrame , which typically runs on 1604 / udp .
[ Thomas Buchanan ] o Added a UDP SIPOptions service detection probe corresponding to the TCP one .
[ Patrik Karlsson , Matt Selsky , David Fifield ] o Updated service detection signatures for Microsoft SQL Server 2005 to detect recent Microsoft security update ( MS09 - 062 ) , and also updated ms - sql - info.nse to support MS SQL Server 2008 detection .
[ Tom ] o Added a service probe for DNS - based service discovery ( DNS - SD ) .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/0610.html.
[ David ] o Added Apache JServe protocol version detection probe and signatures and some some other nmap - service - probes patches .
[ Tom Sellers ] o Made RPC grinding work from service detection again by changing the looked - for service name from " rpc " to " rpcbind " , the name it has in nmap - service - probes .
Also removed some dead code .
[ David ] o A new script argument , http.useragent , lets you modify the User - Agent header sent by NSE from its default of " Mozilla / 5.0 ( compatible ; Nmap Scripting Engine ; http://nmap.org/book/nse.html) " .
Set it to the empty string to disable the User - Agent entirely .
[ David , Tom Sellers , Jah ] o [ Zenmap ]
The locale setting had been taken from the Windows locale , which inadvertently made setting the locale with the LANG environment variable stop working .
Now the LANG variable is examined first , and if that is not present , the system - wide setting is used .
This change allows users to keep Zenmap in its original English ( or any of Zenmap 's other languages ) even if their system is set to use a different locale .
[ David ] o The Nmap source tarball ( and RPMs ) now included man page translations ( 16 languages so far ) .
Nmap always installs the English man page , and installs the translations by default .
If you only want some of the translations , set the LINGUAS environmental variable to the language codes you are interested in ( e.g. " es de " ) .
You can specify the configure option -- disable - nls or set LINGUAS to the empty string to avoid installation of any man page translations .
The RPM always installs them .
[ David ] o The Ndiff man page was dramatically improved with examples and sample output .
See http://nmap.org/ndiff/man.html.
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Replaced our runlevel system for managing the order of script execution with a much more powerful dependency system .
This allows scripts to specify which other scripts they depend on ( e.g. a brute force authentication script might depend on username enumeration scripts ) and NSE manages the order .
Dependencies only enforce ordering , they cannot pull in scripts which the user did n't specify .
See http://nmap.org/book/nse-script-format.html#nse-format-dependencies
[ Patrick ] o [ NSE ]
The http - favicon script is now better at finding " link rel=icon " tags in pages , and uses that icon in preference to / favicon .ico if found .
If the favicon.uri script arg is given , only that is tried .
Meanwhile , a giant ( 10 million web servers ) favicon scan by Brandon allowed us to add about 40 more of the most popular icons to the DB .
[ David , Brandon ] o Added - Pn and - sn as aliases for - PN and - sP , respectively .
They will eventually become the recommended and documented way to disable host discovery ( ping scanning ) and port scanning .
They are more consistent and also match the existing -n option for disabling reverse DNS resolution .
[ David ] o Nmap script output now uses two spaces of indention rather than three for the first level .
This better aligns with the standard set by the stdnse .
format_output function added in the last release .
Output now looks like : 8082 / tcp open http Apache httpd 2.2.13 ( ( Fedora ) ) |_http - favicon : Apache Web Server ( seen on SuSE , Linux Tux favicon ) | _html - title : Nmap - Free Security Scanner For Network Exploration & Securit ... ...
Host script results : | smb-os - discovery : | OS : Unix ( Samba 3.4.2-0.42.fc11 ) | Name : Unknown \Unknown |_ System time : 2009-11-24 17:19:21 UTC - 8 |_smbv2- enabled : Server does n't support SMB v2 protocol [ Fyodor ] o [ Ncat ]
Implemented basic SCTP client functionality ( server already exists ) .
Only the default SCTP stream is used .
This is also called TCP compatible mode .
While it allows
Ncat to be used for manually probing open SCTP ports , more complicated services making use of multiple streams or depending on specific message boundaries cannot be talked to successfully .
[ Daniel Roethlisberger ] o [ Ncat ]
Implemented SSL over SCTP in both client ( connect ) and server ( listen ) modes .
[ Daniel Roethlisberger ] o [ Ncat ]
In verbose mode , Ncat now prints the number of bytes read and written after the client connection is terminated .
Ncat also now prints elapsed time .
For example , " Ncat finished : 16 bytes sent , 566 bytes received in 8.05 seconds . " [ Venkat ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed a bug which kept the nselib / data / psexec subdirectory out of the Windows packages .
We needed to add the /s and /e options to xcopy in our Visual C++ project file .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Overhauled our http library to centralize HTTP parsing and make it more robust .
The biggest user - visible change is that http .
request goes back to returning a parsed result table rather than raw HTTP data .
Also the http .
pipeline function no longer accepts the no-longer - used " raw " option .
[ David ] o Fixed compilation of libdnet - stripped on platforms that do n't have socklen_t .
[ Michael Pattrick ] o [ NSE ]
Our http library no longer allows cached responses from a GET request to be returned for a HEAD request .
This could cause problems with at least the http - enum script .
[ David ] o Fixed a bug in the WinPcap installer :
If the " Start the WinPcap service ' NPF ' at startup " box was unchecked and the " Start the WinPcap service ' NPF ' now " box was checked , the second checkbox would be ignored ( the service would not be started now ) .
[ Rob Nicholls ] o Removed a limitation of snmp.lua which only allowed it to properly encode OID component values up to 127 .
The bug was reported by Victor Rudnev . [ David ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed ( we hope ) a deadlock we were seeing when doing a favicon.nse survey against millions of hosts .
We now restore all threads that are waiting on a socket lock when a thread relinquishes its lock .
We expect only one of them to be able to grab the newly freed lock , and the rest to go back to waiting .
[ David , Patrick ] o Our Windows packages are now built on Windows 7 , though they are 32 - bit binaries and should continue to work on Win2 K and later .
o [ Zenmap ]
Fixed a crash when filtering with inroute : in scans without traceroute data .
( KeyError : ' hops ' ) [ David ] o [ NSE ]
Use a looser match pattern in auth - owners.nse for retrieving the owner out of an identd response .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/549.
[ Richard Sammet ] o Improved some Cyrus pop3 and Polycom SoundStation sip match lines .
[ Matt Selsky ] o Nmap now tries start the WinPcap NPF service on Windows if it is not already running .
This is rare , since our WinPcap installer starts NPF running at system boot time by default .
Because starting NPF requires administrator privileges , a UAC dialog for net .exe may appear on Windows Vista and Windows 7 before NPF is loaded .
Once NPF is loaded , it generally stays loaded until you reboot or run " net stop npf " .
[ David , Michael Pattrick ] o The Nmap Windows installer and our WinPcap installer now have an option / NPFSTARTUP=NO , which inhibits the installer from setting the WinPcap NPF service to start at system startup and at install - time .
This option only affects silent mode ( /S ) because existing GUI checkboxes allow you to configure this behavior during interactive installation .
[ David ] o [ Ncat ]
In the Windows version of netrun , we were n't noticing when a command fails to be executed ( when CreateProcess fails ) .
We now see the return value and close the socket to disconnect the client .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Updated http - iis - webdav-vuln to run against SSL - enabled servers [ Ron ] o Nmap now prefers to display the hostname supplied by the user instead of the reverse - DNS name in most places .
If a reverse DNS record exists , and it differs from the user - supplied name , it is printed like this : Nmap scan report for www.google.com ( 74.125.53.103 ) rDNS record for 74.125.53.103 : pw-in-f103.1e100.net
And in XML it looks like : < hostnames > < hostname name= " openbsd.org " type=" user " /> < hostname name=" cvs.openbsd.org " type = " PTR " /> </hostnames >
Host latency is now printed more often .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/199 for a summary of other output changes .
[ David ] o
We now print output for down hosts , even when doing scanning beyond just a ping scan .
This always prints to XML and grepable output , and is printed to normal and interactive output in verbose mode .
The format for printing a down host has changed slightly : " Nmap scan report for 1.1.1.1 [ host down ] " [ David ] o [ NSE ]
Now supports worker threads so that a single script can perform multiple network operations concurrently .
This patch also includes condition variables for synchronization .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/lib/stdnse.html#new_thread, http://nmap.org/nsedoc/lib/nmap.html#condvar, and http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/294.
o Fixed a problem in which the Nmap installer wrongly reported that the Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package ( vcredist.exe ) failed to install .
We had to update a registry key -- see http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/164. [ Jah ] o Added support for connecting to nameservers over IPv6 .
IP v6 addresses can be used in /etc / resolv.conf or with the -- dns - servers option .
The parallel reverse DNS resolver still only support IP v4 addresses , but it can look them up over IPv6 .
[ Ankur Nandwani ] o Zenmap now includes ports in the services view whenever Nmap found them " interesting , " whatever their state .
Previously they were only included if the state was " open " , " filtered " , or " open|filtered " , which led to confusing behavior when a closed port showed up in the Services column but clicking on the service showed no ports in the display .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Added HTTP pipelining support to the HTTP library and and to the http-enum , http - userdir -enum , and sql- injection.nse scripts .
Pipelining can increase speed dramatically for scripts which make many requests .
o [ NSE ]
The HTTP library now caches responses from http.get or http .
head so that resources are n't requested multiple times during the same Nmap run even if several scripts request them .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/733.
[ Patrick ] o [ Ncat , Ndiff ]
The exit codes of these programs now reflect whether they succeeded .
For Ncat , 0 means the connection was successful , 1 indicates a network error , and 2 indicates any other error .
For Ndiff , 0 means the scans were equal , 1 means they were different , and 2 indicates a runtime error .
[ David ] o [ NSE ] telnet - brute.nse now uses the unpw database instead of a hard coded list .
[ Ron ] o [ NSE ]
Scripts that are listed by name with the -- script option now have their verbosity level automatically increased by one .
Many will print negative results ( " no infection found " ) at a higher verbosity level .
The idea is that if you ask for a script specifically , you are more interested in such results .
[ David , Patrick ] o Added a check for a SMB v2 vulnerability ( CVE - 2009 - 3103 ) to smb-check - vulns .
Due to its nature ( it performs a DoS , then checks if the system is still online ) , the script is n't run by default and requires a special script-arg to work .
See http://nmap.org/nsedoc/scripts/smb-check-vulns.html.
[ Ron ] o Upgraded our Winpcap installer to use the new WinPcap version 4.1.1 .
A bug which could prevent proper uninstallation of previous versions was fixed at the same time .
Later we made it set some registry keys for compatibility with the official Winpcap project installer ( see http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/237). [ Rob Nicholls ] o [ Ncat ]
Ncat now prints a message like " Connection refused . " by default when a socket error occurs .
This used to require -v , but printing no message at all could make a failed connection look like success in a case like ncat remote < short - file o Zenmap no longer displays down hosts in the GUI .
[ Josh ] o [ NSE ]
At debug level 2 or higher ( - d2 ) , Nmap now prints all active scripts ( running & waiting ) and a backtrace whenever a key is pressed .
This can be quite helpful in debugging deadlocks and other script / NSE problems .
[ Patrick ] o Nmap now allows you to specify -- data - length 0 , and that is now the documented way to disable the new UDP protocol - specific probe payload feature .
[ David ] o Fixed compilation of our libdnet on Debian GNU / kFreeBSD ( patch from Petr Salinger ) .
o Fixed a bug that could cause an infinite loop ( " Unable to find listening socket in get_rpc_results " ) in RPC scan .
The loop would happen when scanning a port that sent no responses , and there was at least one other port to scan .
Thanks to Lionel Cons for reporting the problem .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
The dns - zone - transfer and whois script argument table syntax has been improved so you do n't need curly braces .
o [ NSE ] smb-enum - shares.nse now checks whether or not a share is writable by attempting to write a file ( and deleting it if it 's successful ) .
Significantly cleaned up the code , as well .
[ Ron ] o
The nselib / data directory is now installed .
It was not installed before because of an error in the Makefile .
The scripts that would not have worked after installation because they were missing data files are http- enum.nse , http- favicon.nse , http-iis-webdav-vuln.nse , http-userdir-enum.nse , smb-pwdump.nse , pop3 - brute.nse , smb-brute.nse , and snmp - brute.nse .
[ David ] o Upgraded the included libpcap to 1.0.0 .
[ David ] o Optimize MAC address prefix lookup by using an std : : map rather than a custom hash table .
This increases performance and code simplicity at the cost of some extra memory consumption .
In one test , this reduced the time of a single target ARP ping scan from 0.59 seconds to 0.13 .
[ David ] o Fixed an error in the handling of exclude groups that used IP v4 ranges .
Si Stransky reported the problem and provided a number of useful test cases in http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/276.
The error caused various assertion failures along the lines of TargetGroup.cc:465 : int TargetGroup::get_next_host(sockaddr_storage* , size_t* ) : Assertion `ipsleft > 1 ' failed .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Improved the authentication used by the smb-* scripts .
Instead of looking in a bunch of places ( registry , command - line , etc ) for the usernames / passwords , a table is kept .
This lets us store any number of accounts for later use , and remove them if they stop working .
This also fixes a bug where typing in a password incorrectly would lock out an account ( since it would n't stop trying the account in question ) .
[ Ron ] o Removed IP ID matching in packet headers returned in ICMP errors .
This was already the case for some operating systems that are known to mangle the IDs of sent IP packets .
Requiring such a match could occasionally cause valid replies to be ignored .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q2/580 for an example of host order affecting scan results due to this phenomenon .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
The HTTP library now handles chunked transfer decoding more robustly .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/13
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Unexpected error messages from scripts now include the target host and port number .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed many libraries which were inappropriately using global variables , meaning that multiple scripts running concurrently could overwrite each others values .
NSE now automatically checks for this problem at runtime , and we have a static code checker ( check_globals ) available as well .
See this whole thread http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/70.
[ Patrick ] o
Added some additional matching rules to keep a reply to a SYN probe from matching an ACK probe to the same port , or vice versa , in ping scans that include both scan types .
Such a mismatch could cause an ineffective timing ping or traceroute probe to be selected .
[ David ] o [ Zenmap ]
There is a new command - line option , -- confdir , which sets the per-user configuration directory .
Its value defaults to $ HOME /. zenmap .
This was suggested by Jesse McCoppin . [ David ] o
Open bpf devices in read / write mode , not read - only , in libdnet on BSD .
This is to work around a bug in Mac OS X 10.6 that causes incoming traffic to become invisible .
[ David ] o " make install " now removes from the Nmap script directory some scripts which only existed in previous versions of Nmap but were n't deleted during upgrades .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
Added the reconnect_ssl method for sockets .
We sometimes need to reconnect a socket with SSL because the initial communication on the socket is done without SSL .
See this thread for more details : http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/3
[ Patrick , Tom Sellers ] o [ Zenmap ]
Fixed a crash that could occur when entering certain characters in the target entry ( those whose UTF - 8 encoding contains a byte that counts as whitespace in the Windows locale ) : File " zenmapGUI\ScanNotebook.pyo " , line 184 , in _target_entry_changed File " zenmapCore \NmapOptions.pyo " , line 719 , in render_string UnicodeDecodeError : ' utf8 ' codec can't decode byte 0xc3 in position 1 : unexpected end of data
For more details on this curious problem , see http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q4/82
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
There is a new function , nmap.bind , to set the source address of a socket .
[ David ] o [ Nsock ]
Made it a fatal error instead of silent memory corruption when an attempt is made to use a file descriptor whose number is not less than FD_SETSIZE .
This applies only on non-Windows platforms where FD_SETSIZE is a limit on the value of file descriptors as well as a limit on the number of descriptors in the set .
The error will look like nsock_core .
c:186 : Attempt to FD_SET fd 1024 , which is not less than FD_SETSIZE ( 1024 ) .
Try using a lower parallelism .
Thanks to Brandon Enright for discovering the problem and much help debugging it , and to Jay Fink for submitting an initial patch .
[ David ] o [ Ncat ]
Fixed proxy connections in connect mode on Windows .
Because the dup function does not work on Windows , an assertion failure would be raised reading ( fh >= 0 && ( unsigned ) fd < ( unsigned ) _nhandle ) [ David ] o [ Ncat ]
Fixed the combination of -- max - conns and -- exec on Windows .
The count of connected clients was not decreased when the program spawned by -- exec finished .
With -- max - conns 5 , for example , no more connections would be allowed after the fifth , even if some of the earlier ones had ended .
Jon Greaves reported the problem and Venkat contributed a patch .
o [ Ncat ]
The code that manages the count of connected clients has been made robust with respect to signals .
The code was contributed by Solar Designer .
o
The files read by the - iL ( input from file ) and -- excludefile options now support comments that start with # and go to the end of the line .
[ Tom Sellers ] o [ Zenmap ]
On Windows , Zenmap no longer uses the cmd.exe shell to run Nmap sub-processes .
This means that canceling a scan will kill the Nmap process as it does on other platforms ( previously it would just kill the shell ) .
It also means that that scanning will work as a user whose name contains characters like ' & ' that are significant to the shell .
Mike Crawford and Nick Marsh reported bugs related to this .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
All scripts ( except for those in " version " or " demo " categories ) are now classified in either the " safe " or " intrusive " categories , based on how likely they are to cause problems when run against other machines on the network .
Those classifications already existed , but were n't used consistently .
[ Fyodor ] o Fixed an integer overflow in uptime calculation which could occur when a target with a low TCP timestamp clock frequency uses large timestamp values , such that a naive uptime calculation shows a boot time before the epoch .
Also fixed a printf format specifier mismatch that was revealed by the bug .
Toby Simmons reported the problem and helped with the fix .
[ David ] o [ NSE ]
The HTTP library now supports HTTP cookies .
[ Joao Correa ] o Fixed a compile error on NetBSD .
It was tcpip.cc:2948 : error : pointer of type ' void *' used in arithmetic
Thanks to Jay Fink for reporting the problem and submitting a patch .
o [ Zenmap ]
If you have any hosts or services selected , they will remain selected after aggregating another scan or running a filter ( as long as they are still up and visible ) .
Previously the selection was lost whenever the scan inventory was changed .
This is particularly important due to the new host filter system .
[ David ] o [ Zenmap ]
New translation : Russian ( contributed by Alexander Khodyrev ) .
Updated translations : French and German .
o Nmap now generates IP addresses without duplicates ( until you cycle through all the allowed IPs ) thanks to a new collision - free 32 - bit number generator in nbase_rnd .c.
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q3/695 [ Brandon ] o
There is a new OS detection pseudo - test , SCAN.DC , which records how the network distance in SCAN .
DS was calculated .
Its value can be " L " for localhost , " D " for a direct connection , " I " for an ICMP TTL calculation , and " T " for a traceroute hop count .
This is mainly for the benefit of OS integration , when it is sometimes important to distinguish between DS=1 % DC=I ( probably the result of forged TTLs ) and DS=1 % DC=D ( a true one - hop connection . )
[ David ] o Canonicalized the list of OS detection device types to a smaller set with descriptions : http://nmap.org/svn/docs/device-types.txt.
[ David , Fyodor , Doug ] o [ Ncat ]
The -- idle - timeout option now exits when * both * stdin and the socket have been idle for the given time .
Previously it would exit when * either * of them had been idle , meaning that the program would quit contrary to your expectation when downloading a large file without sending anything , for example .
[ David ] o [ Ncat ]
Ncat now always prefixes its own output messages with " Ncat : " or " NCAT DEBUG : " to make it clear that they are not coming from the remote host .
This only matters when output goes to a terminal , where the standard output and standard error streams are mixed .
[ David ] o Nmap 's Nbase library now has a new hexdump ( ) function which produces output similar to Wireshark . nmap_hexdump( ) is a wrapper which prints the output using Nmap 's log_write facility .
The old hdump ( ) and lamont_dump ( ) functions have been removed .
[ Luis ] o Added explicit casts to ( int ) ( unsigned char ) for arguments to ctype function calls in nmap , ncat and nbase .
Thanks to Solar Designer for pointing out the need and fix for this .
[ Josh ] o Ncat now supports wildcard SSL certificates .
The wildcard character ( * ) can be in commonname field or in DNS field of Subject Alternative Name ( SAN ) Extension of SSL certificate .
Matching Rules : -'*' should be only on the leftmost component of FQDN .(*.example.com but not www.*.com or www.example*.com ) .
- The leftmost component should contain only '*' and it should be followed by '.'(*.example.com but not * w.example.com or w*.example.com ) .
- There should be at least three components in FQDN .(*.exmaple.com but not *.com or *.com . ) .[ venkat ] o Nmap now handles the case when a primary network interface ( venet0 ) does not have an address assigned but its aliases do ( venet0:1 etc. ) .
This could result in the error messages Failed to find device venet0 which was referenced in / proc / net / route Failed to lookup subnet / netmask for device ( venet0 ) : venet0 : no IP v4 address assigned This was observed under OpenVZ .
[ Dmitry Levin ] o [ Ncat ]
The -- ssl- cert , -- ssl-key , and -- ssl - trustfile options now automatically turn on SSL mode .
Previously they were ignored if -- ssl was not also used .
[ David ] o [ Nsock ]
Now Nsock supports pure TLSv1 and SSLv3 servers in addition to the ( already supported and far more common ) SSLv2 and SSLv23 servers .
Ncat currently never uses SSL v2 for security reasons , so it is unaffected by this change .
o Nmap now filters received ARP packets based on their target address field , not the destination address in the enclosing ethernet frame .
Some operating systems , including Windows 7 and Solaris 10 , are known to at least sometimes send their ARP replies to the broadcast address and Nmap would n't notice them .
The symptom of this was that root scans would n't work ( " Host seems down " ) but non -root scans would work .
Thanks to Mike Calmus and Vijay Sankar for reporting the problem , and Marcus Haebler for suggesting the fix .
[ David ] o
The - fno - strict - aliasing option is now used unconditionally when using GCC .
It was already this way , in effect , because a test against the GCC version number was reversed : <= 4 rather than >=
4 . Solar Designer reported the problem .
o Nmap now prints a warning instead of a fatal error when the hardware address of an interface can't be found .
This is the case for FireWire interfaces , which have a hardware address format not supported by libdnet .
Thanks to Julian Berdych for the bug report .
[ David ] o Zenmap 's UI performance has improved significantly thanks to optimization of the update_ui ( ) function .
In particular , this speeds up the new host filter system .
[ Josh ] o Fixed a log_write call and a pfatal call to use a syntax which is safer from format strings bugs .
This allows Nmap to build with the gcc - Wformat - Werror=format - security options .
[ Guillaume Rousse , Dmitry Levin ] o A bug in Nsock was fixed :
On systems where a non-blocking connect could succeed immediately , connections that were requested to be tunneled through SSL would actually be plain text .
This could be verified with an Ncat client and server running on localhost .
This was observed to happen with localhost connections on FreeBSD 7.2 .
Non-localhost connections were likely not affected .
The bug was reported by Daniel Roethlisberger .
[ David ] o Ncat proxy now hides the proxy 's response ( " HTTP / 1.0 200 OK " or whatever it may be ) .
Before , if you retrieved a file through a proxy , it would have the " HTTP / 1.0 200 OK " stuck to the top of it .
For this Ncat uses blocking sockets until the proxy negotiation is done and once it is successful , Nsock takes over for rest of the connection .
[ Venkat ] o [ NSE ] socket garbage collection was rewritten for better performance and to ensure that socket slots are immediately available to others after a socket is closed .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q2/0624.html.
[ Patrick ] o [ NSE ]
Fixed a rare but possible segfault which could occur if the nsock binding attempted to push values on the stack of a thread which had already ended due to an error , and if that internal Lua stack was already completely full .
This bug is very hard to reproduce with a SEGFAULT but is usually visible when Lua assertion checks are turned on .
A socket handler routine must be called AFTER a thread has ended in error .
[ Patrick ] o [ Ncat ]
Fixed an error that would cause Ncat to use 100 % CPU in broker mode after a client disconnected or a read error happened .
[ Kris , David ] o [ NSE ] -- script-args may now have whitespace in unquoted strings ( but surrounding whitespace is ignored ) .
For example , -- script-args ' greeting =
This is a greeting '
Becomes : { [ " greeting " ] =
" This is a greeting " } [ Patrick ] o [ Ncat ] Using -- send - only in conjunction with the plain listen or broker modes now behaves as it should : nothing will be read from the network end .
Ncat previously read and discarded any data received .
[ Kris ] o [ Nsock ]
Added a socket_count abstraction that counts the number of read or write events pending on a socket , for the purpose of maintaining an fd_set .
The bit is set in the fd_set whenever the count is positive , and cleared when it is zero .
The reason for doing this was that write bits were not being properly cleared when using Ncat with SSL in connect mode , such that a client send would cause Ncat to use 100 % CPU until it received something from the server .
See the thread at http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q2/0413.html.
This change will also make it easier to use a different back end than select in the future .
[ David ] o [ Nsock ]
Added compilation dependency generation ( makefile.dep ) [ David ] o [ Ncat ]
The -- broker option now automatically implies -- listen .
[ David ] o Fixed a logic error in getinterfaces_siocgifconf .
The check for increasing the capacity of the list of interfaces was off by one .
This caused a crash on initialization for systems with more than 16 network interfaces .
[ David ] o
Fixed two memory leaks in ncat_posix.c and a bug where an open file was not being closed in libdnet - stripped / src/intf.c [ Josh Marlow ] o [ Zenmap ]
Added profile editor support for the Nmap SCTP options : - PY , -sY and - sZ . [ Josh Marlow ] o Fixed a bug in -- data - length parsing which in some cases could result in useless buffer allocations and unpredictable payload lengths .
See http://seclists.org/nmap-dev/2009/q2/0763.html [ Luis ] o
The configure script now allows cross-compiling by assuming that libpcap is recent enough to use rather than trying to compile and run a test program .
Libpcap will always be recent enough when Nmap 's included copy is used .
[ Mike Frysinger ] o Updated the IANA assignment IP list for random IP ( - iR ) generation .
The Mac OS prefix file was updated as well .
[ Kris , Fyodor ] o [ Zenmap ]
Fix a bug which could cause a crash in the ( very rare ) case where Nmap would produce port tags in XML output without a state attribute .
[ David ] o Added a convenience top - level BSDmakefile which automatically redirects BSD make to GNU make on BSD systems .
The Nmap Makefile relies on numerous GNU Make extensions .
[ Daniel Roethlisberger ] o Nmap now provides Christmas greetings and a reminder of Xmas scan ( - sX ) when run in verbose mode on December 25 .
[ Fyodor ]
Enjoy the new release !
- Fyodor _______________________________________________
Sent through the nmap - hackers mailing list http://cgi.insecure.org/mailman/listinfo/nmap-hackers
Archived at http://seclists.org/nmap-hackers/
By Date By Thread Current thread : Nmap 5.20 Released Fyodor ( Jan 20 )
The police drama now unfolding in the rich natural gas fields of British Columbia has as much to say about the provocative nature of Wiebo Ludwig as it does about the corrupt state of the nation 's extreme resource development .
It also offers a perverse Canadian window into the state 's overwrought preoccupation with terrorism , where underwear bombers and pipeline saboteurs seemingly erase civility faster than a Paris Hilton video .
Trapped in Black Tar read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
For nearly a year now , 250 members of the RCMP and the Integrated National Security Enforcement Teams ( INSET ) have been searching for the author or authors of six highly calculated yet minor bombings targeted solely against gas facilities owned by Encana , the continent 's largest gas producer .
Analysts of the industry called the bombings " a nuisance " and Encana proudly kept on drilling .
Nevertheless , frustrated teams of red- faced policemen now have interrogated hundreds of rural Canadians as far afield as Rosebud and Vulcan , Alberta .
They 've barged into homes demanding DNA samples and fingerprints .
In restaurants and coffee huts they 've publicly accused businessmen and Cree living near Dawson Creek and Tomslake of being " domestic terrorists . "
Any family that has expressed concern about the pace or regulation of industrial development has received more than two police visits .
With visions of Encana 's million - dollar reward dancing in their heads , industry snitches have informed on citizens -- in Tim Hortons no less .
But by treating rural citizens like Taliban suspects , authorities have demonstrated a profound ignorance of the basic tenets of counter - insurgency : you can't catch a fish by unsettling the entire sea .
King gas
This desperate investigation , in turn , reflects the political value of natural gas in British Columbia 's economy .
The province no longer runs on trees , but on natural gas dollars generated by unconventional shale gas plays that consume huge amounts of energy and water .
In 2008 the highly subsidized industry accounted for 10 per cent of the province 's revenue and exports .
The boom has industrialized rural communities with relentless traffic , noise , and sour gas pollution in the form of hydrogen sulfide ( H2S ) -- a potent neurotoxin as deadly as cyanide .
Just one rotten breathe can kill workers , livestock and birds .
Sour gas wells not only lower property values but have generated bitter controversy throughout Alberta and British Columbia , including in Fort MacMurray where hourly H2S exceedences ( 438 last year alone ) threaten the health of local workers .
In one five - year period , B.C. 's gas industry recorded 73 sour gas releases and as many as 24 incidents involving oil patch workers .
Last November one EnCana sour gas release created a cloud 150 feet high .
It killed several cattle and a horse .
It also forced the evacuation of 15 rural residents from their homes .
Unlike the bombings , this public security threat did n't make national headlines .
The jocular saboteurs appear to be as brazen as a Monty Python skit .
They want EnCana to cease operations and " install green energy " in the next five years .
They say " the whole point " of the six minor and fully controlled explosions was " to let you know that you 're indeed vulnerable . "
Meeting the Olympic timetable
Last September Wiebo Ludwig , the forceful Christian fundamentalist who waged war against industry more than a decade ago , wrote an open letter to the bombers .
Ludwig hinted that he knew EnCana 's attackers and shared their rage .
But he suggested ( wink , wink ) that they give peace another chance .
In a pre-emptive strike to spare the Olympics any unsightly controversies before the international media , the RCMP then fingered the notorious 68 - year - old grandfather as their man last week but failed produce enough evidence for an extortion charge .
The force then went on a grand fishing expedition on his farm .
And what does this say about the rule of law in Canada ?
To generate revenue to pay for an international event , an urban - based government will install deadly sour gas wells near rural schools .
When regulators become facilitators , bombers create violence which , in turn , only begets silence .
Under Olympic deadlines and in the name of " public security " a sullied federal police will treat fellow Canadians like Afghan detainees .
In this bizarre story a convicted felon and sarcastic preacher becomes a convenient fall guy for all sorts of bad behavior .
All in all it remains an ugly spectacle of uncommon corruption and uncivil conduct befitting a third world nation .
I ’m done : the Star Wars opening crawl , built using only HTML & CSS .
Caveats :
It only works in Safari 5 and the WebKit Nightly .
Nothing else supports the CSS and 3D transforms and animations I used ( yet ) , but I just wanted to see if it could be done .
Here 's a video of it on YouTube , in case I run out of bandwidth for the day and it stops working .
2009 Darwin Awards Honoring Charles Darwin , the father of evolution , Darwin Awards commemorate those who improve our gene pool -- by removing themselves from it in the most spectacular way possible .
Crushing Debt 2009 Darwin Award Winner
Confirmed True by Darwin
( 26 September 2009 , Belgium )
The city of Dinant is the backdrop for this rare Double Darwin Award .
Two bankrobbers attempting to make a sizeable withdrawal from an ATM died when they overestimated the quantity of dynamite needed for the explosion .
The blast demolished the building the bank was housed in .
Nobody else was in the building at the time of the attack .
Robber
One was rushed to the hospital with severe head trauma ; he died shortly after arrival .
Investigators initially assumed that his accomplice had managed a getaway , but the second bungler 's body was excavated from the debris twelve hours later .
Would - be Robbers One and Two were n't exactly impoverished -- their getaway car was a BMW .
READER COMMENTS :
" Dynamite : not for everything . "
" Less is certainly more . "
" Debit cards are safer . "
" They really blew it ... "
" Extreme Self Banking "
MEDIA REFERENCES
The Incident on Belgian TV !!
Also mentions the Darwin Awards .
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Transphobic feminism makes no sense , argues Laurie Penny
For decades , the feminist movement has been split over the status of trans people , and of trans women in particular .
High - profile feminists such as Germaine Greer , Jan Raymond and Julie Bindel have spoken out against what Greer terms “ people who think they are women , have women ’s names , and feminine clothes and lots of eyeshadow , who seem to us to be some kind of ghastly parody ” .
Some prominent radical feminists have publicly declared that trans women are misogynist , “ mutilated men ” ; trans people have responded to this harassment by vigorously defending themselves , demanding that anti-trans feminists are denied platforms to speak on other issues and , in some cases , by renouncing feminism altogether .
The deep personal and ideological wounds suffered by women and men on both sides of the argument are reopened with vigour every time the mainstream press gives space to an anti-trans article by a cis feminist .
Many otherwise decent and sensible cis feminists have fallen prey to lazy transphobic thinking .
In the vast majority of cases , cis feminist transphobia does not stem from deep , personal hatred of trans people , but from drastic , tragic misapprehension of the issues at stake .
Recently , outspoken feminist Julie Bindel declared in an article for Standpoint magazine : “ Recent legislation ( the Gender Recognition Act , which allows people to change sex and be issued with a new birth certificate ) will have a profoundly negative effect on the human rights of women and children . ”
Her views are founded on the assumption that “ transsexualism , by its nature , promotes the idea that it is ‘ natural ’ for boys to play with guns and girls to play with Barbie dolls … the idea that gender roles are biologically determined rather than socially constructed is the antithesis of feminism . ”
Trans people cannot be blamed for the stereotypical nature of the cues that society uses , or if they can be blamed , then every cisgendered person who uses such cues is equally to blame
Bindel and others have , initially with the best of intentions , misunderstood not only the nature of transsexualism but also the radical possibilities for gender revolution that real , sisterly alliance between cis feminists and the trans movement could entail .
( This article focuses primarily on the experiences of trans women , as these experiences have been the main focus of controversy over the past three decades of feminist thought – the intention is not to erase the experiences of trans men and boys . )
Femininity is a social construct and Bindel is right to identify it as such .
She is utterly wrong , however , to claim that transsexual men and women are any guiltier than cis men and women of re-enforcing damaging stereotypes .
In fact , the misogyny and sexist stereotyping that Bindel identifies as associated with trans identities are entirely imposed on the trans community by external forces .
Sally Outen , a trans rights campaigner , explains : “ It is only natural for a person who strongly wishes to be identified according to her or his felt gender to attempt to provide cues to make the process easy for those who interact with her or him .
That person cannot be blamed for the stereotypical nature of the cues that society uses , or if they can be blamed , then every cisgendered person who uses such cues is equally to blame . ”
Even a casual assessment of the situation indicates that the problem lies not with transsexual people , but with our entire precarious construction of what is ‘ male ’ and what ‘ female ’ , ‘ masculine ’ and ‘ feminine ’ .
Bindel ’s description of trans women in “ fuck - me - boots and birds - nest hair ” are no different from today ’s bewildered 12- , 13 - and 14 - year - old cissexual girls struggling to make the transition from deeply felt , little - understood womanhood to socially dictated , artificial ‘ femininity ’ .
Like teenage girls stuffing their bras with loo-roll and smearing on garish lipstick , the trans women for whom Bindel , Greer and their ilk reserve special disdain are simply craving what all growing girls crave : social acceptance .
Amy , a 41 - year - old trans woman , says : “ Transition in later life is a really weird experience , in that you ’re suddenly and unexpectedly plunged into being teenage , plus you have teenage levels of female hormones coursing through your veins .
You have n’t grown up through the sidling - toward - teenagerhood that girls get , the socialisation and the immersion in society ’s expectations and realities .
Trans women get to learn those , just a quarter of a century late , in my case .
The results tend to be a bit wild . ”
Or , as one cis friend of mine put it : “ If I ’d had the income that some trans people do when I was a teenager , I ’d have owned a cupboard full of fuck - me - boots . ”
Indeed , the fact that socially accepted female identity is something that must be purchased is something that trans women understand better than anyone else .
For socialist feminists like myself , who locate patriarchal oppression within the mechanisms of global capitalism , the experience of trans women , who can find themselves pressured to spend large amounts of money in order to ‘ pass ’ as female , is a more urgent and distressing version of the experience of cis women under patriarchal capitalism .
In our society here in the UK , where shopping for clothes and makeup is a key coming - of - age ritual for cis women , all people wishing to express a female identity must grapple with the brutal dictats of the beauty , diet , advertising and fashion industries in order to ‘ pass ’ as female .
These days , I realise that I do n’t actually have that strong a sense of gender any more .
Is n’t that strange , given all I went through to get here ?
Not a single person on this planet is born a woman .
Becoming a woman , for those who willingly or unwillingly undertake the process , is torturous , magical , bewildering – and intensely political .
In the essay ‘ Mama Cash : Buying and Selling Genders ’ , trans author Charlie Anders explains : “ Transgender people … understand more than anyone the high cost of gender , having adopted identities as adult neophytes .
People often work harder than they think to maintain the boy / girl behaviours expected of them .
You may have learned through painful trial - and - error not to use certain phrases , or to walk a certain way .
After a while , learned gender behaviour becomes almost second nature , like trying to compensate for a weak eye .
Again , transgender people are just experiencing what everyone goes through . ”
The concept and practice of sex reassignment surgery is the territory over which radical feminists and trans activists traditionally clash most painfully .
Bindel , along with others , believes that the fact that SRS is carried out at all means “ we ’ve given up on the distress felt by people who identify as gender dysphoric , and turned to surgery instead of trying to find ways to make people feel good in the bodies they have . ”
Bindel makes the case that the SRS ‘ industry ’ is part of a social discourse in which homosexual and gender - non - conforming men and women are brought back into line by “ nutty bloody psychiatrists who think that carving people ’s bodies up can somehow make them ‘ normal ' ” .
Were SRS an accepted way of policing the boundaries of gender non-conformity here , Bindel ’s equation of the surgery with ‘ mutilation ’ would be more than valid – it would be urgent .
However , SRS is nothing of the sort .
In face , SRS is carried out only very rarely , and only on a small proportion of trans people , for whom the surgery is not a strategy for bringing their body in line with their gender performativity but a way of healing a distressing physical dissonance that Outen vividly describes as “ a feeling like I was being raped by my own unwanted anatomy ” .
Surgery is normally a late stage of the transitioning process and falls within a spectrum of lifestyle choices – for those who opt for it at all .
Trans activist Christine Burns points out : “ Julie Bindel is quite right that we ought to be able to build a society where people can express the nuances of their gender far more freely , without feeling any compulsion to have to change their bodies more than they really want to .
I am trans , and I am not the hyperfeminine stereotype .
I am a tweener dyke and more butch than femme .
I know other trans womyn who are solidly butch , and others who are totally femme , and , of course , the equivalents among straight and bi womyn
“ However , that is precisely what many trans people really do .
Only one in five of the people who go to gender clinics have reassignment surgery – the other four in five find accommodations with what they ’ve got .
Bindel ’s thinking cannot admit that , far from emphasising the binary , 80 % of trans people are doing far more to disrupt gender stereotypes than she imagines .
With or without surgery , trans people are living examples of the fact that gender is variable and fluid . ”
Of course , like any other surgery , SRS has its risks and a minority of patients will regret the procedure .
But for most of the trans people who decide to pursue SRS , the operation allows for potentially live - saving progression beyond the debilitating effects of gender dysphoria .
Moreover , many post - operative trans people have found that the operation actually lessens their overall distress around binary gender identity .
Amy explains : “ ‘ Being female is an important part of my identity , but it ’s not an all - consuming part any more .
Until I transitioned and completed surgery , it was much more so .
I woke up from surgery , and the burning dissonance , the feeling of everything being wrong , was n’t there any more .
These days , I realise that I do n’t actually have that strong a sense of gender any more .
Is n’t that strange , given all I went through to get here ? ”
The radical gender fluidity within the trans movement is exactly what Bindel , when I spoke to her in the process of writing this article , emphasised above everything else : “ Normality is horrific .
Normality is what I , as a political activist , am trying to turn around .
Gender bending , people living outside their prescribed gender roles , is fantastic – and I should know .
I ’ve never felt like a woman , or like a man for that matter – I do n’t know what that ’s supposed to mean .
I live outside of my prescribed gender roles , I ’m not skinny and presentable , I do n’t wear makeup , I ’m bolshie , I do n’t behave like a ‘ real woman ’ , and like anyone who lives outside their prescribed gender roles , I get stick for it . ”
What Bindel has failed to grasp is a truth that could re-unite the feminist movement – that trans people too , far from “ seeking to become stereotypical ” , are often eager to live outside their prescribed gender roles and frustrated by the conformity that a misogynist society demands from those who wish to ‘ pass ’ .
Marja Erwin told me that “ gender identity and gender roles are not the same .
I am trans , and I am not the hyperfeminine stereotype .
I am a tweener dyke and more butch than femme .
I know other trans womyn who are solidly butch , and others who are totally femme , and , of course , the equivalents among straight and bi womyn . ”
Much of the stereotyping imposed upon trans women is enforced by sexist medical establishments – a phenomenon which radical feminists and trans activists are unanimous in decrying .
Bindel , like many trans feminists , objects to the fact that psychiatrists are “ allowed to define the issue of gender deviance ” , giving medical professionals social and ideological influence beyond their professional remit .
Clinics in the UK require trans people to fulfil a rigid set of box - ticking gender - performance criteria before they will offer treatment and SRS demands this conformity with special rigour .
To receive SRS , trans women patients will normally be expected to have ‘ lived as a woman ’ for two years or more – but individual psychiatrists and doctors will get to decide what ‘ living as a woman ’ entails .
A UK psychiatrist is known to have refused treatment because a trans woman patient turned up to an appointment wearing trousers , whilst Kasper , a trans man who was treated in Norway , was pressured to stop dating men by surgery gatekeepers .
“ I had to answer a lot of invasive questions about my sexuality and my sex life , and one of the doctors I had to see lectured me about how transitioning physically might make me stop being attracted to boys , ” he says .
All this is a far cry from some feminists ’ fear that surgery is prescribed to ‘ transform ’ cissexual gay men and lesbians into transsexual heterosexuals .
The demand that trans people conform to gender stereotypes in order to be considered ‘ healthy ’ or ‘ a good treatment prospect ’ is something that cis women also experience in their dealings with the psychiatric profession .
It is standard practice for women in some inpatient treatment facilities to be pressured to wear makeup and dresses as a sign of ‘ psychological improvement ’ .
The institutional misogyny of the global psychiatric establishment is something that radical feminists and trans activists can usefully oppose together .
At the very heart of sexist thought is the assumption that the bodies we are born with ought to dictate our character , our behaviour , our appearance , our choices , the nature of our relationships and the work of our lives
Feminists – even prominent ones with big platforms to shout from – do not get to be the gatekeepers of what is and is not female , what is and is not feminine , any more than patriarchal apologists do .
Intrinsic to feminism is the notion that such gatekeeping is sexist , recalcitrant and damaging .
If feminists like Greer , Bindel and Jan Raymond truly believe that having a vagina , breasts , curves , a uterus , being fertile or sporting several billion XX chromosomes is what makes a person a woman , it clearly sucks to be one of the significant proportion of women have none of these things .
There are cis women all over the world who lack breasts after mastectomy or a quirk of biology ; women who are born without vaginas , or who are victims of FGM ; women who are androgynously skinny , naturally or because of illness ; women who are infertile or post - menopausal ; or , significantly , the 0.2 % of women who are intersex .
Is the female identity of these cis women under question too ?
If it is , feminism has a long way to go .
Greer and her followers seem singularly uninterested in the science behind their binary thinking , which establishes that prescribed gender roles still fall largely into the binary categories of ‘ man ’ and ‘ woman ’ , but human bodies do no such thing .
The spectrum of human physicality belies gender essentialism – as must feminism , if it is ever to be the revolutionary movement our culture so desperately needs .
Trans activism is not merely a valid part of the feminist movement : it is a vital one .
The notion that one ’s biological sex does not have to dictate anything about one ’s behaviour , appearance or the eventual layout of one ’s genitals and secondary sex organs , now that we live in a glittering future where such things are possible , is the radical heart of feminist thought .
It is essential for cis as well as trans feminists to oppose transphobia and transmisogyny .
Conversely , at the very heart of sexist thought is the assumption that the bodies we are born with ought to dictate our character , our behaviour , our appearance , our choices , the nature of our relationships and the work of our lives .
Feminism puts forward the still - radical notion that this is not the case .
Feminism holds that gender identity , rather than being written in our genes , is an emotional , personal and sexual state of being that can be expressed in myriad different ways that encompass and extend beyond the binary categories of ‘ man ’ and ‘ woman ’ .
Feminism holds that prescribed gender roles are a tyranny that no - one – whether trans , cis , male , female or intersex – should be forced to conform to in order to prove their identity , their validity or their human worth .
Feminism calls for gender revolution , and gender revolution needs the trans movement .
We must put aside the hurts of the past and look towards a future of radical solidarity between all those who are troubled by gender in the modern world .
Whatever our differences , until contemporary feminism fully and finally accepts trans people as ideological allies , it will never achieve what Germaine Greer , Julie Bindel , Christine Burns , Sally Outen and every feminist who has ever longed for a better world are all working towards : an end to the damaging and demeaning tyranny of gender stereotypes .
Whatever our differences , only with trans people on side can feminism hope to work towards the type of equality our radical foremothers dared to dream of .
This piece was completed on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women .
It is offered in recognition of the ideological and ( sometimes ) physical violence that has been done to trans people by cis feminists , in the hope that all feminists can one day stand together to resist violence against women , and in memory of the hundreds of trans women who have been murdered at the hands of misogynists over the past decade , in particular the latest UK victims , Andrea Waddell and Destiny Lauren .
A new experiment that reproduces the magnetic fields of the Earth and other planets has yielded its first significant results .
The findings confirm that its unique approach has some potential to be developed as a new way of creating a power - producing plant based on nuclear fusion -- the process that generates the sun 's prodigious output of energy .
Fusion has been a cherished goal of physicists and energy researchers for more than 50 years .
That 's because it offers the possibility of nearly endless supplies of energy with no carbon emissions and far less radioactive waste than that produced by today 's nuclear plants , which are based on fission , the splitting of atoms ( the opposite of fusion , which involves fusing two atoms together ) .
But developing a fusion reactor that produces a net output of energy has proved to be more challenging than initially thought .
The new results come from an experimental device on the MIT campus , inspired by observations from space made by satellites .
Called the Levitated Dipole Experiment , or LDX , a joint project of MIT and Columbia University , it uses a half - ton donut - shaped magnet about the size and shape of a large truck tire , made of superconducting wire coiled inside a stainless steel vessel .
This magnet is suspended by a powerful electromagnetic field , and is used to control the motion of the 10 - million - degree - hot electrically charged gas , or plasma , contained within its 16 - foot - diameter outer chamber .
The results , published in the journal Nature Physics , confirm the counter - intuitive prediction that inside the device 's magnetic chamber , random turbulence causes the plasma to become more densely concentrated -- a crucial step to getting atoms to fuse together -- instead of becoming more spread out , as usually happens with turbulence .
This " turbulent pinching " of the plasma has been observed in the way plasmas in space interact with the Earth 's and Jupiter 's magnetic fields , but has never before been recreated in the laboratory .
Most experiments in fusion around the world use one of two methods : tokamaks , which use a collection of coiled magnets surrounding a donut - shaped chamber to confine the plasma , or inertial fusion , using high - powered lasers to blast a tiny pellet of fuel at the device 's center .
But LDX takes a different approach .
" It 's the first experiment of its kind , " says MIT senior scientist Jay Kesner , MIT 's physics research group leader for LDX , who co-directs the project with Michael E. Mauel , professor of applied physics at Columbia University 's Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science .
The results of the experiment show that this approach " could produce an alternative path to fusion , " Kesner says , though more research will be needed to determine whether it would be practical .
For example , though the researchers have measured the plasma's high density , new equipment still needs to be installed to measure its temperature , and ultimately a much larger version would have to be built and tested .
advertisement
Kesner cautions that the kind of fuel cycle planned for other types of fusion reactors such as tokamaks , which use a mixture of two forms of " heavy " hydrogen called deuterium and tritium , should be easier to achieve and will likely be the first to go into operation .
The deuterium - deuterium fusion planned for devices based on the LDX design , if they ever become practical , would likely make this " a second - generation approach , " he says .
When operating , the huge LDX magnet is supported by the magnetic field from an electromagnet overhead , which is controlled continuously by a computer based on precision monitoring of its position using eight laser beams and detectors .
The position of the half - ton magnet , which carries a current of one million amperes ( compared to a typical home 's total capacity of 200 amperes ) can be maintained this way to within half a millimeter .
A cone - shaped support with springs is positioned under the magnet to catch it safely if anything goes wrong with the control system .
Levitation is crucial because the magnetic field used to confine the plasma would be disturbed by any objects in its way , such as any supports used to hold the magnet in place .
In the experimental runs , they recreated the same conditions with and without the support system in place , and confirmed that the confinement of the plasma was dramatically increased in the levitated mode , with the supports removed .
With the magnet levitated , the central peak of plasma density developed within a few hundredths of a second , and closely resembled those observed in planetary magnetospheres ( such as the magnetic fields surrounding Earth and Jupiter ) .
Summarizing the difference between the two approaches , Kesner explains that in a tokamak , the hot plasma is confined inside a huge magnet , but in the LDX the magnet is inside the plasma .
The whole concept , he says , was inspired by observations of planetary magnetospheres made by interplanetary spacecraft .
In turn , he says , for planetary research the experiments in LDX can yield " a lot more subtle detail than you can get by launching satellites , and more cheaply . "
The MIT and Columbia scientists say that if the turbulence - induced density enhancement exhibited by the LDX could be scaled up to larger devices , it might enable them to recreate the conditions necessary to sustain fusion reactions , and thus may point the way toward abundant and sustainable production of fusion energy .
" Fusion energy could provide a long - term solution to the planet 's energy needs without contributing to global warming , " says Columbia 's Mauel .
The LDX project , led by Mauel and Kesner and funded by the U.S. Department of Energy , has been through more than 10 years of design , construction and testing , and produced its first experimental results in its levitated configuration last year , which are being reported in the newly published analysis .
Dr. Darren Garnier of Columbia University , who directs LDX experimental operations , last month received the Rose Award for Excellence in Fusion Engineering for his work on LDX .
A newly installed microwave interferometer array , developed by MIT graduate student Alex Boxer PhD '09 , was used to make the precision measurements of the plasma concentrations that were used to observe the turbulent pinch .
" LDX is one of the most novel fusion plasma physics experiments underway today , " says Stewart Prager , director of the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory .
Because of the unique geometry of the system , he says , " theoretical predictions indicate that the confinement of energy might be very favorable " for producing practical fusion power , but the theory needs to be confirmed in practice .
" For these benefits to be realized , the somewhat bold theoretical predictions must be realized experimentally , " he says .
One inconvenience about composting is that its generally a good idea to keep the compost bin away from the house .
This keeps away potential vermin , flies and smells .
The downside to keeping the compost bin out back is that it would require multiple daily trips to it without the use of an intermediate compost storage bin .
Since the storage bin would ideally be located in the kitchen where the scraps are being produced it should be small enough to remain hidden and out of the way .
However , the bin should also be big enough to hold about 5 days worth of scraps .
Ideally the scraps also get oxygen to keep away smells produced from Anaerobic bacteria .
Finally , any storage bin should keep out those pesky little fruit flies which somehow always manage to find their way into your house no matter what you do !
( This instructable originally found from material on my blog http://greentheo.scroggles.com/)
As the company credited with practically inventing the Netbook category , it 's no surprise Asus makes some of the most popular mini notebooks around .
Top among these is the Eee PC 1005 series .
Combining low ( but not the lowest ) prices with great battery life and good overall design , the 1005 has become the Netbook reference design for the entire industry .
The newest version , the $ 379 Eee PC 1005 PE , is the first Netbook to reach our labs with Intel 's new Atom N450 processor -- the long - awaited sequel to the Atom N270 and N280 CPUs found in nearly every other Netbook .
This new 1005 model , thanks to the re-engineered Atom platform , is extremely efficient , and ran for more than 8 hours on our grueling battery drain test .
That 's extremely impressive , although the N450 was more of a mixed bag in our performance tests , beating other Netbooks in some categories , but matching or falling slightly behind in others .
Beyond that , the 1005 PE eschews most of the recent trends in Netbook design , sticking with a 10 - inch 1,024x600 pixel display , 1GB of RAM , and Windows 7 Starter .
We 've become accustomed to the high - def 1,366x768 pixel resolution screens found on 11- , 12 - , and even some 10 - inch Netbooks , so this lower resolution feels cramped and dated in comparison .
Nvidia 's Ion GPU is also becoming a go - to part for upscale Netbooks , but is not included here .
The Eee PC 1005 PE definitely scores points for being the first laptop out of the gate with the new N450 CPU , and its battery life is nothing short of amazing -- making this a very useful system for serious road warriors .
But we would have liked to see a 1005 that was more fully upgraded across the board .
Price as reviewed $ 379 Processor 1.66 GHz
Intel Atom N450 Memory 1GB , 800 MHz DDR2 Hard drive 160 GB 5,400rpm Chipset Intel NM10 Graphics Mobile Intel GMA 3150 ( integrated ) Operating System Windows 7 Starter Dimensions ( WD ) 10.3 x 7.0 inches Height 1.0 - 1.4 inches Screen size ( diagonal ) 10.1 inches System weight / Weight with AC adapter 2.8/3.4 pounds Category Netbook
The design of the Eee PC 1005 PE is very similar to that of previous 1005 models we 've looked at , with a slight taper towards the front lip and gently rounded edges on the lid .
While the battery fits the lines of the chassis without sticking out , it is very dense , causing the entire system to be heavily weighted toward the back .
The flat - topped , widely spaced keys are typical for a Netbook , but the surface area of each key is smaller than we 've seen on some recent Netbooks , and certainly a big difference from what you 'd find on an 11 - inch model .
Still , typing was relatively easy , and none of the critical keys are unfairly miniaturized .
The touch pad , however , is in need of a revamp : it 's the same small one we 've seen on every 1005 - series Eee PC , built right into the wrist rest and demarcated by a rectangle of tiny raised dots .
Combined with a thin rocker bar for the left and right mouse buttons , it 's a far cry from the big pad and buttons on a system such as the Toshiba NB205 .
While all 11 - and 12 - inch Netbooks seem to have 1,366x768 pixel displays these days , and even 10 - inch models , such as the Sony Vaio W , offer it , the 1005 PE is stuck with a 1,024x600 pixel screen .
While certainly usable , it feels cramped , especially when scrolling down long Web pages or office documents .
Asus Eee PC 1005 PE
Average for category [ Netbook ]
Video VGA VGA Audio Stereo speakers , headphone / microphone jacks headphone / microphone jacks Data 3 USB 2.0 , SD card reader 2 USB 2.0 , SD card reader Expansion None None Networking Ethernet , 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi ; Bluetooth Ethernet , 802.11 b/g/n Wi -Fi , Bluetooth Optical drive None None
The new Atom N450 promises both lower power consumption and enhanced performance .
In part , that 's because the platform has been simplified , by moving the graphics and memory controller onto the processor itself and pairing it with a new NM10 chipset .
The Atom N450 runs at 1.66GHz , the same clock speed as the previous N280 version .
In our benchmark tests of the Asus Eee PC 1005 PE , we found the overall performance to be slightly better in some tests than the previous N270 and N280 Atom CPUs , but not in a way that radically changes your understanding of what a Netbook does .
In a more challenging matchup , the dual - core Atom 330 , which is found in the new 12 - inch Asus Eee PC 1201N , did much better in our standard multitasking test ( as a dual - core CPU would be expected to ) , while the N450 in the 1005 PE was faster in our iTunes encoding test .
While the overall hands - on experience wo n't feel radically different from a current - gen Netbook , this is the very first system we 've seen with an N450 CPU , and further improvements to drivers and firmware may yield future improvements .
A faster clock - speed version of this Atom is also expected from Intel sometime in the near future .
Feeds make it easy to follow updates to all kinds of webpages , from blogs to news sites to Craigslist queries , but unfortunately not all pages on the web have feeds .
Today we 're rolling out a change in Google Reader that lets you create a custom feed to track changes on pages that do n't have their own feed .
These custom feeds are most useful if you want to be alerted whenever a specific page has been updated .
For example , if you wanted to follow Google.org 's latest products , just type " http://www.google.org/products.html " into Reader 's " Add a subscription " field .
Click " create a feed " , and Reader will periodically visit the page and publish any significant changes it finds as items in a custom feed created just for that page .
Here are some more example feeds for sites without feeds that you could follow :
We provide short snippets of page changes to help you quickly decide if the page is worth revisiting and we 're working on improving the quality of these snippets .
If you do n't want Google to crawl or create feeds for a specific site , site owners can opt- out .
If you have a feed - less page you 've been dying to follow , sign in to Google Reader and try it out for yourself .
As always , if you have any feedback , please visit our official help forums or our Twitter account .
Did you know that the Republican Party has the Democrats ' best interest at heart ?
Even as the results were still trickling in , GOP Rep Eric Cantor was already warning that the results were an early rumble under the feet of marginal Dems , arging that voters had delivered “ a shot across the bow to the moderates and Blue Dog Democrats as they decide votes on health care . ”
What kind of idiot would take the GOP 's advice ?
Oh .
Vulnerable House and Senate Democrats want their leaders to skip the party ’s controversial legislative agenda for next year to help save their seats in Congress .
In the run-up to the 2010 midterm elections , they do n’t want to be forced to vote on climate change , immigration reform and gays in the military , which they say should be set aside so Congress can focus on jobs and the economy .
“ It ’s hard ; the most important issue in front of us is the economy right now , and that ’s where most of us really want to stay focused , the economy and jobs , that ’s what our constituency is concerned about , ” said Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D ) , who is facing a tough race next year in Arkansas [...]
“ That ’s an awful lot to bite off and chew for right now , ” said Lincoln , who described herself as “ not in a hurry ” to tackle climate change , an issue she has some jurisdiction over as chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture Committee .
Democratic voters stayed home last night .
You'd think that the most endangered Democrats would worry about such things .
Giving Republicans cover by stymying the reform agenda that won Democrats the 2006 and 2008 elections wo n't win them any conservative votes .
In a base election , and 2010 will certainly be one , the party that better rallies its base will win .
And abandoning the promises that got Democrats elected is a sure fire way to make sure that the activist base stays home and refuses to do the heavy lifting every campaign needs to win , and makes sure that less committed Democrats say " fuck it " and stay home on election night .
You piss off Latinos , gays , people concerned about the environment -- your path to victory just got a lot more difficult .
Definitely focus on jobs .
Maybe this time , those " moderates " and " centrists " wo n't water down a new stimulus by stripping out critical spending ( like school construction ) and adding irrelevant and non-stimulative tax cuts .
How 's that for a crazy thought ?
But we all assumed that Congressional Democrats could walk and chew gum at the same time .
So focus on jobs ... and all that other important stuff .
Maybe skip the " National Bratwurst Day resolution " crap .
If we were wrong about the ability of our Congressional majority to multi-task , then it 's good to know -- more the reason to cheer the loss of Democrats like Lincoln while we work toward electing Democrats of the " better " kind .
Update : Great comment by ky Dem :
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd said today that Ben Bernanke cannot remain as chairman of the Federal Reserve if the Senate does not confirm him by January 31 when his four - year term expires .
In an interview on CNBC , Dodd said Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn would take over as chairman .
Sen. Judd Gregg ( R. , N.H. ) made the same point .
The comments generated some confusion on Wall Street , but the situation is n't clear - cut .
This much is clear : A Fed chairman cannot automatically stay in his position after his four - year term as chairman expires .
Members of the Fed board , in contrast , can remain in office as governors until their expired term has been filled .
The Federal Reserve
Act says that the Fed vice chairman acts as chair in the " absence " of the chairman .
But " absence " is not defined .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
RETHINKING SCHOOLS
Summer 2009
' It was so much fun !
I died of massive blood loss ! '
“ It was so much fun !
I got shot in the leg and died of massive blood loss ! "
With these words my daughter 's friend , a 5th grader in the Appleton , Wis. , public schools , completed her happily breathless description of the Civil War battle reenactment she had participated in that day .
Each spring since the early 1990s , 5th graders in Appleton have , as part of their social studies curriculum , participated in a daylong American Civil War reenactment which culminates in a 30 - minute battle sequence .
Though not common , Civil War reenactments do take place in elementary schools throughout the country , although most feature modified battles ( one school used ping pong balls ) or allow children to watch a reenactment without actually participating in the mock killing .
In Appleton , the children dress realistically and participate fully in mock warfare .
While the teachers are present during the entire exercise , the reenactment is supervised and facilitated by " professional " adult Civil War reenactors who bring with them actual battle plans from Civil War battles waged on land far from this upper - midwestern soil .
Teachers separate the children into Union and Confederate armies and distribute the appropriate blue or gray uniforms which are then worn by the children throughout the daylong event .
Each child is also issued a large , black , wooden facsimile rifle — and when the battle begins , the children aim at their friends and classmates , and shoot to kill .
The child soldiers are also given cards which describe their " fate " on the battlefield .
These include survival , grave injury , or grave injury followed by death .
Why is the Appleton school district teaching war in this way ?
What are the pedagogical priorities here ?
How did such an exercise become part of the social studies curriculum for children as young as 10 ?
What sort of follow - up is offered so that the children can contextualize their experiences with mock battle and death ?
After speaking with parents informally about these issues for several weeks , I decided that our concerns needed to be taken to the district administration .
During a two - hour meeting which took place in the summer of 2008 , I presented some of the following pedagogical and ethical questions and concerns to the Assistant Superintendent in charge of social studies curriculum : First , what are the children learning about war during this exercise , and why are they learning it ?
Without exception , when they are asked , the students themselves describe the battle as " fun . "
It is obvious that unless the purpose of the Civil War reenactment is to teach the students that war is fun , the reenactment would seem to be a failure on that basis alone .
The administrator assured me that the pedagogical goal was not to teach that war is fun , but could not articulate in positive terms what the goal was .
In fact she told me , " I do n't think we 've ever talked about it . "
Many of the district 's school websites proudly display photographs of the 5th graders participating in the Civil War reenactment battle .
These photos show children holding rifles up to their eyes and squinting down the barrels , with their friends and classmates in their sights .
They also , perhaps most disturbingly , show children lying scattered in the grass both " dead " and " dying . "
When these photos are juxtaposed with some of the many extant photographs of actual Civil War battlefields it becomes clear that what the children are being asked , even required , to do by their teachers is to enact violence , death , and horror as they place their own friends in the crosshairs , and then lie down motionless in a grassy field to " die . "
Parents also participate in the battle reenactment .
Many choose to attend the battle as spectators , cheering one side or another as the casualties mount .
They are also asked to compose letters ahead of time to their children on the " front , " which the children open and read while " encamped . "
In these ways the schools invite and encourage parents to participate in the mock agony and even the deaths of their own 10 - and 11 - year - old sons and daughters .
And yet all of this curricular engagement with violence , on the part of students , teachers , parents , and community members , takes place without any clear pedagogical intent ; it is both presented to and received by the community as part of a " fun " outdoor field - day - type experience .
The Appleton 5th - grade Civil War battle reenactment raises many troublesome issues related to pedagogy .
For example , how can this reenactment be reconciled with the school district's own prohibition against weapons or facsimile weapons of any kind ?
According to the bylaws of the Appleton Public School district : The Appleton Area School District is committed to providing a safe and secure learning environment for all District students .
No one shall possess , use , threaten the use of , or store a weapon or look - alike weapon on school property , in any vehicle located on school property , in any school facility , in any school vehicle , or at any school - sponsored event or function .
At no time during the preparation for the reenactment , or the reenactment itself , does anyone make clear to the students that this activity is an exception to the district 's own policies ( or why ) .
No one explains that should the students decide to continue the reenactment on the playground the next day , they will face possible expulsion or criminal prosecution .
Why is this activity allowed as an exception to the district 's own bylaws , which were developed in order to support the educational goals of the entire district ?
Another issue involves safety .
Northeastern Wisconsin is a part of the country with a robust hunting and gun culture .
Yet the schools do n't teach that the Civil War reenactment is an activity that must not be continued over the summer , after school , or on the weekend , when many children have access to real weapons in their homes .
There is no safety education , no sensitivity to the experience of students who have parents or siblings on the current battlefields of Iraq or Afghanistan , no awareness of the global human rights atrocities being perpetuated on child soldiers in Africa , Asia , and South America , no attention to the ways in which the race and ethnicity of the students might impact their experiences on a mock Civil War battlefield .
In short none of the pedagogical , ethical , social , or historical issues inherent in this activity are addressed sufficiently , or at all .
Role - playing and hands - on learning can and should be powerful educational tools .
Reenactment is not the same as role - playing , however .
In the case of Civil War reenactments , attention is often paid only to imitation and antiquarianism ( What maneuvers were actually performed on the original battlefield ?
What did the soldiers ' belt buckles look like ? ) and very little to history .
The teaching of the history of war in our classrooms must include critical engagement with the issues raised by large - scale destruction and death , or it is not history at all .
If the students are required to take on the role of soldiers , to both " kill " and be " killed " then they must also be asked to consider questions like " What did it feel like to kill someone at close range ? "
" How might the conflict have been mitigated or avoided ? "
" What other choices were available to the combatants ? "
Other questions , too , would be important for the students role - playing Civil War battles to grapple with if they are really learning history and not just imitating events from the past .
For example , " Why is it that we reenact the Civil War and not the Battle of Fallujah ? "
If the students are too young to engage with these questions , then they are certainly too young to enact such violence and brutality on one another .
After our meeting , the assistant superintendent promised to take these concerns to the rest of the administration and to the principals of the 15 Appleton elementary schools .
She did so , and early in the fall of 2008 the principals agreed that the battle reenactment was problematic on many levels , and decided to eliminate it .
The rest of the day 's activities , which include demonstrations about Civil War " camp life , " medical care , and cooking would remain unchanged , but the children would no longer take up arms against one another , and no longer be asked to lie down in the grass and " die of massive blood loss " while their parents and the community looked on .
A responsible decision , but one that would not stand .
On March 5 , 2009 , the parents of Appleton 's 5th graders received a letter from Superintendent Lee Allinger informing them of the decision to remove the battle from the day 's activities .
One week later , on March 12 , the local newspaper , the Appleton Post - Crescent , ran a front - page story with the sensational headline " Appleton Schools Slash Civil War Reenactment Battle . "
The first line of the article set the divisive tone of the rest of the piece by claiming that " a school program designed to offer fifth - graders a feel for conditions faced by soldiers during the Civil War will no longer include its most popular feature . "
The online comments from readers of this first story , which quickly climbed into the hundreds , included calls for petitions to reinstate the battle , and many creative epithets for the " politically correct " and " whiny " parents and school officials who supposedly want to " sanitize " history by not teaching the children how war " really was . "
But of course the main objection to the activity is precisely that it does not teach children about the reality of war and its terrible costs , but instead treats it like a costume party .
The furor grew , fueled almost entirely by the local media .
Television news interviewed both children and parents in favor of the battle , several petitions in favor of reinstatement were submitted to school officials , the local paper printed more front - page articles , and calls and emails flooded both the school district headquarters and the schools themselves .
Within days , Superintendent Allinger announced that the district would reconsider its original decision and soon the school district sent parents another letter informing them that the district 's decision had been rescinded and the battle scene would be reinstated .
This same letter also explained that beginning in fall 2009 each school site will form a committee of parents , teachers , and students to study the format of the Civil War reenactment day for their building , but stressed that the district itself would not make a ruling , instead allowing the decision about the battle to be made at the school level .
Perhaps these committees will lead to real change over time , but it is clear from the overwhelming support for the battle on the part of parents and community members , this change will not come quickly or easily .
It is also clear that the administration has , at least for now , abdicated its leadership role with regard to framing the pedagogical intent behind an important curricular issue .
If it is true that this controversy has , at the very least , ensured that the district cannot go back to the days of unthinking acceptance of this activity , it also seems that it will not be able to move forward unless the complex issues of peace education , war education , historical " truth , " violence , safety , and human rights are put back on the table .
My spouse and I cannot allow our daughter or our sons to take up arms against their friends , as this is against our values as parents , educators , and religious and ethical people .
A suggestion to allow the children to enact the historical role of " Red Strings " ( members of an anti-Civil war pacifist group whose numbers approached 10,000 during the 1860s ) has meanwhile been rejected .
In fact , peace will not be mentioned or enacted in any way on Civil War reenactment day because , as was explained to me by my own principal , who has been supportive of my concerns throughout this controversy , " The district does not want any more disputes this year . "
The avoidance of controversy has trumped real historical engagement .
Unless the reenactment includes questions about the historical complexities of the Civil War which push students beyond the caricatures about the North and South , slavery and emancipation , that too often pass for historical " truth " in our nation 's classrooms , the students are merely play - acting violence and death in an activity that , ultimately , has very little to do with U.S. history .
Why an entire community would rally to ensure that some of its youngest members be forced to take up arms as part of their 5th - grade curriculum , and why school administrators would capitulate with so little attention to the historical and pedagogical issues outlined here , are questions I will ask myself for many years to come as I continue the long struggle for peace , and thoughtful , consistent , educational policy .
* Addendum : I wrote this article before having actually seen the re-enactment .
Once I witnessed it myself , it was actually far worse than I imagined .
The re-enactors themselves were war hobbyists ( or fetishists ) .
They showed the children how to load and fire real weapons and aimed and fired these weapons ( without bullets , of course ) at the " enemy " children .
Parents cheered and clapped as their children " killed " their classmates .
At one point the reenactors asked the children ( 5th graders ) to imagine their own brother or best friend lying on the ground " screaming , bleeding and dying " during battle .
The children were asked what they would do if that happened .
Those who responded " I 'd stop and help my brother " were told that that was the wrong answer and would have made them poor soldiers .
" Good soldiers would step over their own brothers ' bodies and keep firing . "
I showed a videotape of this to the elementary school principals at a special meeting but got no response other than " it 's a tradition . "
__________________________________
Karen Park Koenig ( Karen.Koenig@snc.edu ) is an assistant professor of Religious Studies at St. Norbert College in De Pere , Wis. , and the mother of three elementary - aged children who attend the Appleton Public Schools .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 12 , 2010 under Cars
The Massow Concept Cycles designed by Barend Massow Hemmes use the iconic company logos the bull and the jaguar .
The Bull is still in the concept phase , while The Leaper , with the jaguar , is a real motorcycle featuring a Sportster - based V - Twin 1200 cc engine , frame made from Steel Tubing , glass - fibre fairing , a headlamp in the jaguar ’s head , removable magnetic mandibles , and glossy black lacquer paint for the body , which is made from stainless steel .
The Jaguar motorcycle is available for a price of £ 320,000 , or about $ 567,000 .
( Seen on Likecool )
Tags : motorcycle
FLUID INTERFACES
While today 's pervasive digital devices put the world ’s information at our fingertips , they do not help us with some of the cognitive skills that are arguably more important to leading a successful life , such as motivation , attention , memory , creativity , and emotion regulation .
Building upon insights from psychology and neuroscience , the Fluid Interfaces group creates systems and interfaces for cognitive enhancement .
Our designs enhance cognitive skills by teaching users to exploit and develop the untapped powers of their mind and by seamlessly supplementing users ' natural cognitive abilities .
The solutions we design are compact and wearable to support real - life studies and interventions .
Our work is highly interdisciplinary and combines insights and methods from human computer interaction , sensor technologies , machine learning , brain computer interfaces , psychology , and neuroscience to create new opportunities for studying and intervening in human psychology in - the - wild .
CLICK BELOW TO VISIT OUR SPRING 2020 PAGE FOR THE ONGOING OUT-OF - LAB EXPERIENCE MEMBER EVENT .
It ’s hard to live without the internet if you ’re a student .
Amongst many things , you probably need it for checking email , receiving updates from societies , arranging meetings with course - mates , keeping in touch with old friends , Skyping your family , getting in touch with your professors , checking out the library catalogue and of course , for research ( maybe I should have put that one first ) .
If you ’re planning on living a more minimalist lifestyle , consider letting that attitude flow into your web experience .
Here ’s how .
1. Firefox Add-ons .
Perhaps it is a little paradoxical to claim that adding things on can help you become more minimal but if you use Gmail and Firefox , you will love an add - on called Greasemonkey which allows you to run scripts within Firefox .
All you have to do is install it so that you can run little scripts such as HelvetiMail , which gets rid of all the words and boxes that just clutter up your inbox , as well as pasting a very minimal white theme on top .
Here is the final result :
2. Adblocker .
This is also a Firefox add - on but it is available in Chrome ( known as Adthwart ) and it so important that it gets its own step .
Adblockers get rid of all the flashy ads that can clutter up web pages .
As much as I want to support the sites that I use , I would never click on the ads anyway .
I mostly ignore them , but I ca n’t resist how clean and simple pages look without ads .
3. Google Reader –
If you read a lot of blogs , a great way to get them all in one place is to use Google Reader with the Greasemonkey script , Helvetireader .
As minimal as Google interfaces tend to be , the Helveti guys make it even more simple .
Also , having all of your RSS feeds go into one place saves time and makes keeping up with blog posts easier and more streamlined .
4 . Time tracking .
These last two steps might help if you want to minimalise the number of hours you surf the interweb .
If you count them , you may be more inclined to reduce them .
Extensions such as Meetimer or Time Tracker can help you see how much time you are spending and there are even tools that you can use to block particular websites after you have spent a pre-allocated amount of time on them .
5 . Cut social networking .
For me , social networking takes up a very large proportion of my web activity , and it is probably the most wasteful as well .
Reducing the number of hours I spend on sites like Facebook and Twitter definitely counts towards a minimalist experience .
Other little things I like to do include keeping my inbox empty ( see screenshot ) , cutting down the number of blogs I follow to a few high quality ones and if I ’m really desperate , disconnecting once in a while .
Last week Full Tilt released Rush Poker , a new " hands - on - demand " online poker concept that enables the fastest games of poker the world has seen .
From the Full Tilt website :
Warning : Rush Poker is extremely fast paced – prepare yourself for the most intense poker action in the world !
Available exclusively at Full Tilt Poker , Rush Poker is the ultimate high - speed poker experience .
This new poker format is designed to minimize your wait time between hands and keep you in the action .
You ’ll join a large player pool and face a different table of opponents every hand you play .
When you fold your hand , you ’ll be rushed to another table for a new hand right away .
To play even faster , use the Quick Fold button to move to a new table for the next hand immediately .
By dealing you a new hand at a new table every time you fold — instead of forcing you to wait on your opponents —
Rush Poker creates a frictionless poker game that can deliver speeds of up to 600 hands per hour at a single table .
Yet despite its name , Rush Poker does n't actually feel rushed .
Like driving a well - built car , you just cruise along , unconscious of your speed until you glance down at the speedometer .
So yeah , Rush Poker is the fastest game of poker in the world , but not in the intense , balls - to - the - wall , Team America Fuck Yeah !
sort of way that people are describing it .
Playing Rush is more like driving the Autobahn .
Efficiency , not excess , is the watchword .
That efficiency is possible thanks to a first - of - its - kind ( in online poker ) automated player seating system and a streamlined fold and forget user interface that allows you to play a new hand at a new table the instant you click the Fold button .
My only complaint ?
I wish the Quick Fold button was fully twice as large .
I say that because the Fold button in its different incarnations ( Quick Fold , Fold checkbox , etc. ) is the focal point of Rush Poker .
The designers have done an amazing job of creating an experience in which the Fold button actually starts to feel like a big NEXT button , pulling you from one hand , to the next , to the next .
It 's effortless and intuitive and there 's a distinct sense of momentum to it , reinforced by the slide and fade animations the software uses to transition between hands .
Imbuing the most odious button in the game of poker ( the Fold button ) with the promise of better cards and greener pastures is a neat trick .
There 's a subtle reinforcement loop in effect here — click this big shiny button repeatedly and get rewarded with new cards !
But notice that every bullet point on the Rush Poker feature list is designed to help or enable the player in some way :
By making it easier for them to fold .
.
By wasting less of their time
By preventing collusion with randomized seating
with randomized seating
By removing speedbumps like waiting lists and reserved seats
like waiting lists and reserved seats
By freeing the player to join or leave any game at any time for any reason without paying a penalty in blinds , double - paying the blinds , wasting some of his allotted hands for the blind , and other messiness .
any game at any time for any reason without paying a penalty in blinds , double - paying the blinds , wasting some of his allotted hands for the blind , and other messiness .
By getting rid of messy blinds like dead smalls and late - positions .
And of course , I 'm sure there 's a decent profit incentive in there as well .
But looking over that laundry list of features , I think you 'll agree .
Pound for pound , Rush Poker is the most outlandishly clever and yet succinct innovation online poker has ever seen .
It 's an evolutionary leap , complete with forebidding stone monolith and tribe of genuflecting cavemen .
It really has to be experienced to be believed .
Now you can't actually observe a Rush Poker table in action unless you 're seated and playing — Rush Poker tables are transient , you could even call them solipsistic — so your best bet is to head over to Full Tilt and try it out first hand .
Rush is currently being offered in microlimit NLH and PLO flavors during its " test the waters " phase .
For more information , check out the usual suspects :
Official Rush Poker website
Full Tilt forum 's Rush Poker thread
Two Plus Two official Rush Poker thread
CardsChat.com Rush Poker thread
Google
Oh , and you PokerTracker / Hold 'emManager cats will be pleased to hear that both tools will support Rush Poker .
For PokerTracker , a new Rush - compatible HUD is in the works .
Here 's a preview :
Hold 'em Manager achieves something similar by exporting player statistics into the Full Tilt player notes which can then be viewed on hover or with the click of a mouse .
A finished copy of Roberto Bolaño 's Nazi Literature in the Americas arrived on my desk last week ; a beautiful volume with a textured , distressed jacket and an elegantly designed page layout which betrayed the care and attention lavished upon it .
Given the critical and commercial success of his two other novels – The Savage Detectives and 2666 – so far published in the UK , readers will expect nothing less .
Yet I still marvel that these books found a home in the UK at all .
An ex-colleague of mine bought The Savage Detectives , a book about which he was fiercely passionate , for Picador , but he was realistic about its chances in the marketplace .
Although I remember him being more hopeful than expectant of its success , it had nevertheless become something of a personal quest for him to see the book published ,
The general consensus these days is that the editor in the traditional sense of the word – ie a purchaser , shaper and champion of a novel – is dead ; that all books are now bought by a panel of sales and marketing folk who care little about a book 's worth and only about its sales potential .
While this may be broadly true , there are a few signs – Bolaño being just one of them – that things may be beginning to tip back in the other direction .
Leaving aside Bolaño , there 's the case of David Vann and his book Legend of a Suicide .
Such has been its success in critical circles that it takes an effort to remember that its publication was far from a commercial decision .
Brought out by a US university press , this collection of linked stories was never likely to trouble the bestseller list , but in - house enthusiasm – which from the editor downwards was feverish – pushed a straight - to - paperback piece of debut fiction into the literary limelight .
The editor was trusted to stick with her judgement , and it's to her and the publicity department at Penguin that we owe the chance of reading one of the best books of the year .
Next year also sees the British publication of a novel called Tony And Susan by Austin Wright .
It comes bearing a quote from Saul Bellow , which immediately gave me pause , given that Bellow died almost five years ago .
But Wright himself has been dead for nearer to six years , and the novel was first published in 1993 , though not over here .
I asked Atlantic why they were republishing an obscure , long - forgotten novel in hardback around the time when some of the biggest hitters in world fiction are releasing their new novels .
The answer was simply that the editor concerned truly believed in the book .
Again , we should be thankful for the tenacity of the editor in getting the book through the nightmare of acquisition : Tony and Susan is a thrilling , unusual novel of the stories we tell each other and the stories we tell ourselves .
It 's the kind of discovery that as a reader I crave : a book that genuinely surprises .
But with all that said , I would n't have fancied presenting a 16 - year - old novel by a dead American with no UK pedigree to the sales force .
I 'm not naive enough to suggest that these three fine examples constitute a sea change in the way books are commissioned , but I do think they illustrate a trend of which publishers would do well to take heed .
If you publish with verve and conviction , the lack of overt commerciality in a book is n't so much of a problem – in fact , it 's this that gives such books a competitive advantage : they stand out from the crowd .
Nurturing and keeping the people who can sniff out such books and writers will become , I believe , ever more important as publishing enters a truly digital age .
As the trade becomes more conservative in the light of economic and technological uncertainties , those publishers that take risks and stand out from the crowd may yet have the last laugh .
It was thought that the glory days of Picador in the 1970s and 1980s – with their iconic white spines and impressive roster of great writing from around the world – was impossible to replicate .
But if publishers trust in the instincts of their editorial teams , such a list might not be an exercise in nostalgia .
After all , it worked for Bolaño .
An asteroid 30 to 50 feet across will pass by the Earth at just more than one - third the distance between the Earth and the moon on Wednesday .
That 's the closest near - Earth object approach currently known between now and the flyby in 2024 of a similar - size object known as 2007 XB23 .
The new asteroid , called 2010 AL30 , was discovered by the NASA - funded Lincoln Near - Earth Asteroid Research program , and announced Monday by the Minor Planet Center at the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory .
The short amount of time between the spotting of the object and its near intersection with Earth is a good reminder that humans do n't know every object that could come hurtling out of space and collide with our planet .
" Visitors frequently ask me if I worry about the NEOs that I measure , " wrote Dr. P. Clay Sherrod of the Arkansas Sky Observatories , on a forum thread discussing the asteroid .
" My response : ' I do n't worry about those that we keep up with ....
I am more concerned about the ones we never see coming . "
To see how close the asteroid will get , check out this animation of the asteroid 's Earth approach ( .avi ) by Gerhard Dangl , an Austrian astronomer .
It should be noted that an asteroid this small probably would not cause major damage were it to impact Earth 's atmosphere , and would probably burn up before it reached the planet 's surface .
The new object will remain about three times farther away from Earth than Apophis , which has been the subject of much recent discussion , will in 2029 .
Images : Ernesto Guido & Giovanni Sostero
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Danielle Layman - Pleet did n't get very far the first few times she asked doctors about getting pregnant .
" I was told they would n't be able to work with me because of my HIV status , " says Layman - Pleet , who was diagnosed with HIV in 2001 .
" It was difficult and frustrating because I was told I did n't have any options . "
`` No " is often the first thing HIV - positive women hear when they say they want to have a baby .
But infectious disease specialists say advances in medical and pregnancy care mean people with HIV should have the chance to have a family just like anyone else .
" There is still a lot of discrimination and stigma that surround HIV , " says Dr. Mona Loutfy , an infectious disease specialist and scientist at the Women 's College Research Institute .
It 's an outdated mindset that she and her team are working to change .
Loutfy says a combination of factors have made it possible for HIV - positive individuals to have children .
HIV is largely considered a chronic disease that can be managed with medication , she says .
New statistics out this year show life expectancy for people with HIV is the same as for the general population .
And , she adds , advances in pregnancy care – HIV - positive women take a special drug combination to suppress the virus , Caesarean - section deliveries when necessary – mean there is less than a 1 per cent chance of women passing the infection to their children .
" Now , it 's no different than someone with diabetes having a child , " Loutfy says .
Research by Loutfy and her team show 69 per cent of HIV - positive women in Ontario who are in their reproductive years want to get pregnant , while 57 per cent intend to have a baby .
There are close to 4,000 HIV - positive women of reproductive age in Ontario .
Loutfy says the study , to be published Monday in the journal PloS ( Public Library of Science ) ONE , is the first accurate measure of the need to help HIV - positive women in Ontario have a family .
The results , which are higher than previous North American studies , are similar to the proportion of HIV - positive women in Africa who report wanting a family .
According to Loutfy , this makes sense because new immigrants make up a large proportion of HIV cases in Ontario .
Loutfy and her team are drawing up provincial and national pregnancy clinical planning guidelines for people with HIV .
To be released early in 2010 , they will educate health professionals about how HIV - positive people can plan for a safe pregnancy and a healthy baby .
A couple that includes an HIV - positive man , for example , will need the help of a fertility clinic .
A technique called sperm washing can separate healthy sperm from infected sperm .
Only five fertility clinics in Ontario treat this population .
This summer , Mount Sinai Hospital 's Centre for Fertility and Reproductive Health opened a new quarantined laboratory to give patients with different viruses , including Hepatitis B , Hepatitis C and HIV , year - round access to fertility treatments .
" We felt it was the right thing to do , " says Dr. Ellen Greenblatt , the fertility centre 's medical director .
" We now have to think beyond a cure to quality of life . "
Layman - Pleet is now seven months pregnant .
The 32 - year - old health policy adviser , who lives in Toronto with her partner , was able – with guidance from Loutfy – to find a fertility clinic to help her get pregnant with donor sperm .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
She is healthy , excited and loves to track the movements of the baby .
All of this is so much more than she expected after hearing her HIV diagnosis eight years ago .
" At first , one of your initial thoughts is you are going to die , " she says .
" But now , I 'm thinking about what I want to create in my life , and that includes having kids . "
In 1741 , missionary Hans Egede published his report of a “ most dreadful monster ” seen near the coast of Greenland .
Along with an illustration by Egede himself , it would become a particularly famous account in the vast collection of “ sea serpents ” tales .
Since then , many explanations to the sighting were advanced , such as the one that says the folks may have seen a giant squid ( Architeuthis ) , with one of the tentacles mistaken for a tail .
But Charles Paxton , from University of St Andrews , Scotland , suggested a couple of years ago a much more interesting hypothesis .
Paxton has already been awarded the IgNobel in Biology in 2002 for his study on the “ Courtship behaviour of ostriches towards humans under farming conditions in Britain “ , so his hypothesis may not be such a surprise .
Paxton proposes the folks saw a whale penis .
Yes , a male whale of a species unknown to the travelers , for some reason excited and having its erect organ — which can reach up to two meters in length — mistaken for the tail of some sea serpent .
An image , however , may be worth more than the last dozen words :
As you can see , outrageous as it may sound at first , it ’s actually a plausible and serious idea .
So much so that it was published on the Archives of Natural History , “ Cetaceans , sex & sea serpents : an analysis of the Egede accounts of a “ Most Dreadful Monster ” seen off the coast of Greenland in 1734 ” ( PDF , no images ) .
In the paper , Paxton , along with Erik Knatterud and Sharon Hedley , cautiously argues that :
… we have no “ unmeet confidence [ sic ] ” in our interpretation of the Egede creature .
Nor are we suggesting that whales ’ penises are a universal source of sea-serpent sightings .
…
In the case of the Egedes , we are assuming that the use of the serpent simile and the drawings were not wholly accurate .
If they were accurate , then the strongest objection to the baleen whale interpretation of the Egede sighting is the presence of obvious teeth in the drawing .
Our explanation also assumes that the witnesses would not have recognised a whale ’s penis and that some species would display their penises in the summer off Greenland .
Hans Egede ( 1741 , 1745 ) described the large “ membrum virile ” of a whale but the Egedes may not have realised it could be seen at sea .
Despite these objections , even if the monster was an unknown species , the diagnostic features ( the blow , the two obvious flippers and the possible breaching behaviour ) suggest a cetacean .
Ultimately , we will never know for certain .
Whatever it was Poul Egede saw that day , be it an amorous wandering grey , humpback or North Atlantic right whale , a flukeless whale or an unknown species , it was a most unusual sight both at the time and now .
Which leads us to another fascinating image comparing ominous old illustrations with casual modern photos of frenetically excited whales :
The first image of whale penis in this note comes from here , and the one just above , from here .
You may also watch this terrorizing video of a sea battle between whales and sea serpents — or maybe just whales mating .
Popularity : 5 % [ ? ]
Posted in Criptozoology
FlexBooker is an economical , yet robust system that facilitates Online Booking and Payment Processing .
Built on the premise that most businesses are forced to use multiple software that simply do not get the job done efficiently , FlexBooker helps you excel by bringing together the power of automation and multi-integration capabilities into one easy - to - use platform .
Appointment Reminders , Automated Scheduling , Calendar Management , Group Scheduling , Meeting Room Booking , Online Scheduling , and Payment Processing are some of the features that current users across multiple industries are taking advantage of today , say goodbye to broken links and complicated spreadsheets that do n't get the job done .
The Persian Empire was tolerant , as well as efficient .
They allowed the peoples to practice their own religions , customs , and methods of living life .
There were many years of peace during the Persian Empire which facilitated trade and encouraged the well being of its people .
Many eastern people owe gratitude for being subjects of the Great Kings of Persia , including Cyrus the Great , Cambyses , and Darius who governed and expanded the empire .
The formation of tribes in 735 BC allowed for a unified monarchy ; however when Cyrus the Great unified the Persians in 559 BC , he went on the offensive against the Medes , making it the first Persian satrapy .
He continued on to conquer the Greek city states , turned eastward , subduing the Iranian plateau , Sogdia , and western India .
The east was secure , so in 539 BC he entered Mesopotamia and captured Babylon .
He expressed extreme restraint , allowing governors to keep their present positions in office .
He also issued an edict permitting Jews , who were brought to Babylon during the 6th century , to return to Jerusalem to rebuild the Temple .
Cyrus the Great was viewed as " gentle " and expressed compassion for his people , even rebuilding temples and permitting religious toleration .
He had created a " world empire " which allowed people to practice their own traditions , therefore upholding institutions .
After the death of Cyrus the Great in 530 BC , his son Cambyses II assumed power .
Aided by the Phoenician fleet , he defeated the Egyptians and made Egypt into a province with Memphis as the capital .
After his short reign , Darius emerged codifying Egyptian law and building a canal to link the Red Sea and the Mediterranean .
Source
Under the reign of Darius , the Persians created the largest empire the world has ever seen including Egypt , Asia Minor , Mesopotamia , Thrace , and Babylon .
In the Empire , it was divided into 20 satrapies for organization purposes .
The satraps simply collected dues owed to the central government , raised military levies , and secured justice .
They had little power overall .
Communication was key , and it was said that there was a " Kings Eye " , or a rather a person that kept a close eye on satrapies , as well as maintained roads that facilitated rapid transport of personnel .
Like the Assyrians , the Persians established staying posts with fresh horses for the kings messengers .
By the time of Darius , the Persian monarchs had established a professional army , composed of contingents from various people making up the empire .
At the core was 10,000 men that were infamously known as the Immortals because they never fell below that number .
If one was killed , he was immediately replaced .
Ultimately in battle , it was though they were invincible .
The Persian Kings made excellent use of their cavalry , fighting behind enemy line .
They also procured navy ships from subject states including the Phoenicians , Egypt , Ionian Greece , and the Anatolians .
At the same time , the spread of Zoroastrianism was due to its acceptance by Darius .
Although Darius may have been a monotheist , drastic changes were still taking place as the Magi of Persia and the kings propagated Zoroaster ’s teachings .
Over time , however , Zoroastrianism lost its monotheistic emphasis , and the old nature of polytheism resurfaced .
The Persian kings , being they were quite tolerant of other religions , encouraged gods and goddesses to take their rightful place in the Persian Pantheon .
I can't begin to describe how meaningful it is to see the investment you 've made in our message about Oklahoma 's future .
To date , we 've had hundreds of early supporters donate under $ 100 .
This has energized us even further to connect with our strong online community that we know can make a difference .
So with your help , we launched the Change Makers .
Most of us have a big jar of change sitting on a dresser or in a shelf .
We 're hoping you can help us find 10 of your friends who are excited to cash in $ 5 , $ 10 , or whatever they have in their change jar for a better Oklahoma .
With you as our advocates , I know we can make even more friends and make the Change Makers the most powerful part of our campaign .
Join the Change Makers today by signing up on our website .
We 'll send you all of the details you need to stay organized and introduce us to 10 of your friends .
Sign up to be a Change Maker today , and help us create change with change !
Details :
When you sign up to be a change maker you will receive a packet in the mail with the necessary tools to help you keep track of your progress .
You ’ll work with our staff to come up with ideas and the best people to reach out to in your daily lives .
You can download the form here and email the campaign with questions here .
Thank you so much for your continued support , and for recommending this diary .
HOW I GOT OUT OF WRITING AN ESSAY ON H.G. WELL’S THE TIME MACHINE .
January 17 , 2005
I received the syllabus for my Humanities course .
A humanities course should not be required for my B.Sc degree in Physics .
To add insult to injury , we are supposed to do an analysis of Well ’s The Time Machine .
We are to focus on the historical context when the topic is time travel ?
Who reads a book on a time machine for social insights ?
I would do anything to get out of this essay .
At dinner , my friends complained about this assignment .
I tell them a way out : I will build a time machine .
They mocked me , but they will see .
January 18 , 2005
9:20 A.M. Building a time machine is harder than I thought .
There are all kinds of technical challenges I did n’t anticipate .
Frustrated , I decide to make a mix tape with songs like Cher ’s If I could Turn Back Time .
Noon .
Finished my time machine .
The book report is due in a couple of weeks , so I need to get down to business .
January 19 , 2005
Watched Groundhog Day .
What a great movie .
January 20 , 2005
After lunch I get in my time machine and press the lever forward .
I do n’t know what to expect and am somewhat surprised by the sound emitted which is that of a very large blender .
Stranger yet is the smell emitted by my contraption — which is that of cinnamon vanilla .
August 14 , 1996
I have successfully transgressed the boundaries of time .
I have moved backward in time .
I create an internet company called eToys .
If I am rich , I do n’t need to stay in school .
February 12 , 1997
I ’m rich .
I have no need to go to school .
Returning to the present with no worries about stupid papers on stupid books .
January 20 , 2005
I return to the present .
My company has flopped .
I ’m in debt .
Must figure out a way to finish book report .
Less than a month until it is due !
March 08 , 1920
I go to Harvard , to see Professor Santayana , guru of arts and culture and stuff .
I tell him my situation , the whole thing .
I ask him if he ’ll help me .
He says to me , “ Those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . ”
January 20 , 2005
I believe Santayana was trying to give me a suggestion about the significance of Wells .
I come up with a couple of ideas .
After a good night ’s rest I ’ll return to Professor Santayana and see what he says .
March 08 , 1920
I take my ideas to Santayana .
He says to me , “ Those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . ”
I can see where this is going .
I make my way back to the future .
December 16 , 2004
Today is the day I signed up for the humanities course .
I try to intercept my past self from taking the humanities course .
The lines for registration are painfully long .
Unwilling to wait , I decide to not bother .
July 13 , 1880
I meet H.G. Wells and try to persuade him he should n’t be a writer .
H.G. claims he is n’t that interested in writing .
He asks me where I am from and why I am dressed the way I am .
I tell him that I have come from the future .
H.G. : “ The future ?
Say , that is an interesting idea .
Someone who can move through time .
Speaking of writing , that would make for an interesting book .
Do n’t you think ? ”
I return to the present , depressed .
January 21 , 2005
I realize I ’m doing this all wrong .
I should go to the future .
Get the book report , I have already written , and than take it back to the past !
The present !
You know before the due date .
October 26 , 2056
Overshot by a bit much .
I am so sick of my mix tape .
I was sick of it the first time .
But after fifty years ?
You can understand , if I am a bit on edge .
I assumed that the future would be infinitely more complex .
Really is much simpler and I suppose it makes just as much sense to imagine that human society would work to make everything simpler rather than more complex .
The fundamental unit of currency is the ‘ Ice Cube . ’
I load my pockets with these , as proof of my adventure when I return to 2005 , but also because I find them very helpful in cooling off room temperature drinks .
February 28 , 2005
I meet my future self , who has already had his book report returned to him .
He got a C- , the slacker .
That ’s good enough for me , though .
So , I take my future self ’s essay and run .
February 18 , 2005
I submit my paper on The Time Machine .
February 28 , 2005
My paper is returned to me with a C - .
I feel like this does n’t reflect the amount of effort I have put in .
I tell the teacher so .
On the way out of my professor ’s office , a young man ( handsome , introspective and yet obviously ambitious ) steals my book report .
It does n’t really matter since I ’ve already received my grade .
But it was still a painful reminder of how tough you have to be in this world .
October 3 , 802 , 701
I call a meeting .
I persuade the Eloi and Morlock to live peaceably together .
I warn them not to go back to their old ways .
I look at them and say “ Those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . ”
Broadband has been a political hot potato since 2008 The Conservatives have unveiled plans to deliver a " nationwide super - fast broadband " , part of which could be funded from the BBC licence fee .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said a Tory government would deliver speeds of 100 megabits per second ( Mbps ) to the " majority " of homes by 2017 .
He said cabling in rural areas could be paid for by private investors , with the licence fee making up any shortfalls .
Labour accused the Tories of playing " catch - up " on broadband improvements .
The government has set a target that homes should have access to speeds of 2 M bps by 2012 .
' Thousands of jobs ' Mr Osborne told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show : " In the 19th Century we built the railways .
In the 20th Century we built the motorways .
" In the 21st Century let 's build the super - fast broadband network that will create hundreds of thousands of jobs for Britain . "
The Tories said money from private investors would pay for better cabling .
But it was added that it might not be attractive for private companies to install broadband cabling in some rural areas , in which case a proportion of the BBC licence fee could be used .
The Conservatives said the BBC could continue to set aside 3.5 % of its licence fee - which currently goes to the digital switchover - to fund broadband expansion .
For Labour , Treasury Minister Stephen Timms said : " On broadband it 's not Britain but the Tories that are playing catch - up .
" Labour have already announced measures for rolling out broadband across the country - and the Tories have opposed the plans to make that happen .
" ' Fantasy economics '
The Liberal Democrats accused the Tories of operating " fantasy world economics " .
" Anyone can promise the earth - what matters is how you pay for it , " culture , media and sport spokesman Don Foster said .
" All independent research shows that the market simply cannot provide high - speed broadband in all parts of the country in the short term without investment .
" Hints that the license fee payer will be hit are the closest the Tories come to explaining how they intend to pay for this . "
BT , which has a 25 % share of the UK broadband market , said " going substantially further " to improve the country 's network would require public sector support .
" We look forward to engaging with politicians from every party , " a spokesman said .
A government report on the UK 's digital future - dubbed Digital Britain - was published in June 2009 .
The action plan included universal access to broadband by 2012 .
The wide - ranging report also tackled internet regulation and public service broadcasting .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The intensely popular video - game orchestra tour known as Video Games Live has performed across the world to crowds of thousands , and now will get even more press .
Beginning in June 2010 , PBS will run a prime - time special on the orchestra , based on an upcoming February 5th Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra performance to be recorded at New Orleans ’ Lakefront Arena .
“ This is an incredible opportunity for us to reach an audience that normally may not be familiar with how far video games have come and how amazing the music can be , ” said one of the conductors and creators of Video Games Live , Tommy Tallarico .
“ It ’s an honor for us to be a part of such a groundbreaking event with PBS and I ’m really excited about the potential positive effects this will have on the entire game industry and its millions of fans . ”
“ We believe the concept of introducing young audiences to an orchestra through the music of video games fits perfectly with PBS ’s mission in a very new and creative way , ” said PBS Vice - President of Programming Joe Campbell .
“ We are very optimistic that the program will be a big success ! ”
The show will also be getting a Blu - Ray / DVD release for the concert , complete with added segments not able to be screened for the PBS broadcast .
The tour will also be getting a ‘ Volume Two ’ soundtrack , featuring the most popular tracks and performances of the troupe ’s last two years .
Oregon State Police arrested a Nehalem - area man Tuesday after they found drugs and weapons in his car during a traffic stop on Interstate 5 near Eugene .
Troopers pulled over a 1991 Acura four - door sedan driven by Gary Mortensen , 26 , at 1:50 p.m .
They discovered about a half - pound of marijuana , psilocybin mushrooms , hashish and drug paraphernalia , said Lt. Robert Edwards , a state police spokesman .
The car also held two rifles , a machete , a samurai sword and knives .
Mortensen was arrested on accusations of possession and delivery of controlled substances .
He was held at the Lane County Jail .
-- The Oregonian
Violence in Tehran Iranian Demonstrators
Put the Regime on the Defensive
The regime in Tehran has gone on the defensive following deadly riots on Sunday .
By breaking the traditional ceasefire on religious holidays , the regime has angered many conservatives .
The government in Tehran could be facing louder and more self - assured demonstrators in the coming days who see their opportunity to force regime change .
" With the Internet , the greatest disseminator of bad data and bad information the universe has ever known , it 's become impossible to trust any news from any source at all , because it 's all filtered through this crazy yenta gossip line .
It 's impossible to know anything . "
eso1004 — Science Release
Black Hole Hunters Set New Distance Record
Astronomers using ESO ’s Very Large Telescope have detected , in another galaxy , a stellar - mass black hole much farther away than any other previously known .
With a mass above fifteen times that of the Sun , this is also the second most massive stellar - mass black hole ever found .
It is entwined with a star that will soon become a black hole itself .
The stellar - mass black holes [ 1 ] found in the Milky Way weigh up to ten times the mass of the Sun and are certainly not be taken lightly , but , outside our own galaxy , they may just be minor - league players , since astronomers have found another black hole with a mass over fifteen times the mass of the Sun .
This is one of only three such objects found so far .
The newly announced black hole lies in a spiral galaxy called NGC 300 , six million light - years from Earth .
“ This is the most distant stellar - mass black hole ever weighed , and it ’s the first one we ’ve seen outside our own galactic neighbourhood , the Local Group , ” says Paul Crowther , Professor of Astrophysics at the University of Sheffield and lead author of the paper reporting the study .
The black hole ’s curious partner is a Wolf– Rayet star , which also has a mass of about twenty times as much as the Sun.
Wolf– Rayet stars are near the end of their lives and expel most of their outer layers into their surroundings before exploding as supernovae , with their cores imploding to form black holes .
In 2007 , an X - ray instrument aboard NASA ’s Swift observatory scrutinised the surroundings of the brightest X - ray source in NGC 300 discovered earlier with the European Space Agency ’s XMM - Newton X -ray observatory .
“ We recorded periodic , extremely intense X - ray emission , a clue that a black hole might be lurking in the area , ” explains team member Stefania Carpano from ESA .
Thanks to new observations performed with the FORS2 instrument mounted on ESO ’s Very Large Telescope , astronomers have confirmed their earlier hunch .
The new data show that the black hole and the Wolf– Rayet star dance around each other in a diabolic waltz , with a period of about 32 hours .
The astronomers also found that the black hole is stripping matter away from the star as they orbit each other .
“ This is indeed a very ‘ intimate ’ couple , ” notes collaborator Robin Barnard .
“ How such a tightly bound system has been formed is still a mystery . ”
Only one other system of this type has previously been seen , but other systems comprising a black hole and a companion star are not unknown to astronomers .
Based on these systems , the astronomers see a connection between black hole mass and galactic chemistry .
“ We have noticed that the most massive black holes tend to be found in smaller galaxies that contain less ‘ heavy ’ chemical elements , ” says Crowther [ 2 ] .
“ Bigger galaxies that are richer in heavy elements , such as the Milky Way , only succeed in producing black holes with smaller masses . ”
Astronomers believe that a higher concentration of heavy chemical elements influences how a massive star evolves , increasing how much matter it sheds , resulting in a smaller black hole when the remnant finally collapses .
In less than a million years , it will be the Wolf– Rayet star ’s turn to go supernova and become a black hole .
“ If the system survives this second explosion , the two black holes will merge , emitting copious amounts of energy in the form of gravitational waves as they combine [ 3 ] , ” concludes Crowther .
However , it will take some few billion years until the actual merger , far longer than human timescales .
“ Our study does however show that such systems might exist , and those that have already evolved into a binary black hole might be detected by probes of gravitational waves , such as LIGO or Virgo [ 4 ] . ”
Notes
[ 1 ] Stellar - mass black holes are the extremely dense , final remnants of the collapse of very massive stars .
These black holes have masses up to around twenty times the mass of the Sun , as opposed to supermassive black holes , found in the centre of most galaxies , which can weigh a million to a billion times as much as the Sun .
So far , around 20 stellar - mass black holes have been found .
[ 2 ]
In astronomy , heavy chemical elements , or “ metals ” , are any chemical elements heavier than helium .
[ 3 ]
Predicted by Einstein ’s theory of general relativity , gravitational waves are ripples in the fabric of space and time .
Significant gravitational waves are generated whenever there are extreme variations of strong gravitational fields with time , such as during the merger of two black holes .
The detection of gravitational waves , never directly observed to date , is one of the major challenges for the next few decades .
[ 4 ]
The LIGO and Virgo experiments have the goal of detecting gravitational waves using sensitive interferometers in Italy and the United States .
More information
This research was presented in a letter to appear in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society ( NGC 300 X - 1 is a Wolf– Rayet / Black Hole binary , P.A. Crowther et al . ) .
The team is composed of Paul Crowther and Vik Dhillon ( University of Sheffield , UK ) , Robin Barnard and Simon Clark ( The Open University , UK ) , and Stefania Carpano and Andy Pollock ( ESAC , Madrid , Spain ) .
ESO , the European Southern Observatory , is the foremost intergovernmental astronomy organisation in Europe and the world ’s most productive astronomical observatory .
It is supported by 14 countries : Austria , Belgium , the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Finland , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
ESO carries out an ambitious programme focused on the design , construction and operation of powerful ground - based observing facilities enabling astronomers to make important scientific discoveries .
ESO also plays a leading role in promoting and organising cooperation in astronomical research .
ESO operates three unique world - class observing sites in Chile : La Silla , Paranal and Chajnantor .
At Paranal , ESO operates the Very Large Telescope , the world ’s most advanced visible - light astronomical observatory , and VISTA , the largest survey telescope in the world .
ESO is the European partner of a revolutionary astronomical telescope ALMA , the largest astronomical project in existence .
ESO is currently planning a 42 - metre European Extremely Large optical / near - infrared Telescope , the E - ELT , which will become “ the world ’s biggest eye on the sky ” .
Links
Contacts
Paul Crowther
University of Sheffield , UK
Tel : +44-114 222 4291
Email : Paul.Crowther@sheffield.ac.uk
Stefania Carpano
ESTEC , ESA
The Netherlands
Tel : +31-71-5654827
Email : scarpano@rssd.esa.int
Connect with ESO on social media
Brentwood doctor Christopher Thompson is scheduled to be sentenced today in L.A. County Superior Court for assaulting two bicyclists in an act of road rage .
Cycling enthusiasts have filed more than 270 e-mails and letters with the court condemning Thompson 's action and arguing that a tough sentence would send a strong message to hostile motorists everywhere .
The outpouring underscores how Thompson 's case has galvanized a diverse community of cyclists around the world -- including athletic road racers , environmentally conscious commuters and recreational riders .
-- Jack Leonard at L.A. County Superior Court
Pat Smith was surprised to hear that a clause in the Texas Bill of Rights bars atheists from office .
Smith , the president of the First Unitarian Universalist Church of Lubbock 's board of trustees , said the law is outdated .
“ There is separation of church and state , and which church someone belongs to or whether or not they attend a church should not affect their ability to serve , ” she said .
While it appears that Texas candidates have never been challenged based on the clause , a similar law in North Carolina is causing controversy regarding one Asheville city councilman .
Cecil Bothwell assumed office on Dec. 14 , only to hear an outcry from a group of conservative activists .
Those activists are requesting Bothwell , an atheist and member of the Unitarian Universalist Church , be removed from office based on a clause in North Carolina 's Constitution that disqualifies officeholders “ who shall deny the being of Almighty God . ”
The controversy went viral , attracting the attention of national newspapers , Web sites and TV programs , when one foe , H.K. Edgerton , threatened to take the city of Asheville to court in a lawsuit , the Associated Press reported .
Legal experts predict the case would n't advance very far because the state law is trumped by the U.S. Constitution .
“ Frankly , this is one of the easiest cases I 've ever seen , ” said Arnold Loewy , George R. Killam Jr. Chair of Criminal Law at Texas Tech , who teaches a course of the First Amendment .
“ It 's crystal clear that the North Carolina and Texas law is unconstitutional . ”
The law is found in Section 4 of the Texas Constitution Article I , the Bill of Rights .
It reads , “ No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office , or public trust , in this State ; nor shall any one be excluded from holding office on account of his religious sentiments , provided he acknowledge the existence of a Supreme Being . ”
In 1961 Torcaso v. Watkins , a case similar to the current events in Asheville , went to the U.S. Supreme Court .
The court exercised separation of church and state by ruling in favor of a Maryland atheist seeking public appointment .
The fact the U.S. Constitution overwrites the state law may be what 's prevented the Legislature from changing the law .
Loewy said rewriting the state Constitution is unnecessary and typically not done by legislators .
Rewriting the law would take time away from lawmakers who would rather deal with current issues , said Dan Rodriguez , a University of Texas professor of law who specializes in state law .
“ Often it 's just not worth the effort or the energy , ” Rodriguez said .
He said with laws like this , state leaders “ just have to hold their breath and hope no one notices . ”
“ But you always have to be wary , ” he added .
Loewy said the issue may not have been raised before because it's not common for candidates to mention their religious beliefs , particularly if an atheist were running in a place like Lubbock with more than 400 churches .
Bothwell 's views caught the public 's attention when he took an alternative oath that did not mention God or require him to place his hand on the Bible .
Rodriguez said such laws were written as a result of the ideas that dominated the South during the American Reconstruction , when many of those states ' constitutions were rewritten .
Texas ' Constitution was completed in 1876 , while North Carolina 's Constitution was adopted in 1868 .
Constitution authors incorporated the religious language to speak out against the radical Republican rule that dominated the time .
“ I imagine it 's still in the books because no one has challenged it and the Legislature has not acted to remove it , ” said Lisa Graybill , legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Texas .
John Watts , Texas
Tech associate professor of law , said other antiquated laws in many state Constitutions go unnoticed .
Decades ago atheists were not allowed to testify in court on grounds that they could not be trusted to tell the truth if they did n't believe in God , he said .
Watts agreed that it would be unlikely for the state constitution to be re-written .
“ It 's unnecessary , ” he said .
“ And from what I 've seen of Texans , they do n't like to be told what to do . ”
— — — ——
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
With the ubiquity of mobile phones and computers with kanji input abilities , both the need to remember and the opportunities for writing kanji , the Japanese language ’s main script , has decreased .
In addition , worries about education includes whether children are really learning kanji correctly .
Thus , goo Research , in conjuction with the Mainichi Shimbun , conducted a survey into kanji ability .
Demographics
Between the 25th and 27th of May 2007 1,101 randomly selected internet users aged 20 or over ( presumably chosen from goo Research ’s monitor pool ) completed this survey .
More detailed demographic information is not available .
As I ’ve mentioned before , I ’m studying for the Kanji Kentei examination in order to up my ability , particularly from the point of view of writing .
Reading is relatively easy , and with a computer to aid you , electronic entry is not that bothersome at all , yet even my wife , who was always top of the class in school with kanji , occasionally forgets how to write even relatively common characters and has to resort to an electronic dictionary to crib the correct character from .
Research results
Q1 : Do you feel that elementary and middle school children ’s kanji ability is sufficient ?
( Sample size = 1,101 )
It ’s undesirably low ( to SQ1 ) 95 %
It ’s not a problem ( to SQ2 ) 5 % Q1SQ1 : Why do you think that ?
( Sample size=those answering “ undesirable ” in Q1 )
It ’s symbolic of the drop in school education levels 56 %
It ’s symbolic of the shift away from reading literature 21 % Children are not inheriting their country ’s language culture 12 %
It ’ll be embarrassing in adult life 10 % Q1SQ2 :
Why do you think that ?
( Sample size=those answering “ not a problem ” in Q1 )
They can just pick it up as they go along 81 %
It ’s not a problem not knowing kanji 19 % Q2 :
Do you have confidence in your own kanji ability ?
( Sample size = 1,101 ) Yes 48 % No ( to SQ ) 52 % Q2SQ :
Why do n’t you have confidence in your own kanji ability ?
( Sample size=those answering “ no ” in Q2 ) Mostly use computers and mobile phones for writing 73 % Ca n’t write sentences 17 %
Do n’t like studying 5 % Ca n’t read printing type 5 % Q3 :
What do you do when you cannot produce a kanji character ?
( Sample size = 1,101 )
Type into a computer or mobile phone to see what comes out 67 % Look up a dictionary 29 % Write it in kana 2 % Use a different expression 2 %
14 Days of jQuery and the New API Browser
Posted on by
It ’s the start of a new year , and the jQuery team ’s been hard at work .
We ’ve been up day and night working to crank out the upcoming jQuery 1.4 release , and there ’s a LOT to announce !
So much , in fact , that we ’ll need fourteen full days to get it all out there …
As such , I ’d like to announce The 14 Days of jQuery 1.4 !
Beginning on January 14th , we ’ll start a fourteen - day event .
Each day we ’ll have fresh videos and announcements — there ’ll be code releases , project - related updates , and jQuery UI goodness , among other things .
In addition to the announcements , we ’ll also be releasing a set of videos over the 14 days with talks and tutorials relating the jQuery 1.4 release and other general jQuery topics .
You ’ll want to check back at jQuery 14.com every day during the two weeks to see what ’s new , or sign up to be notified via email .
Think of it like an online conference , only longer , freer , and with a bit of mystery and suspense !
But Wait , There ’s More !
We ’ve got a lot planned for January 14th , but it seemed good to whet your appetite and pre-release some tasty jQuery morsels .
Head over to jQuery 14.com to learn all about the brand - new jQuery API site :
Be sure to subscribe to the jQuery 14.com site or to the @jquery Twitter account for all the updates during these upcoming weeks .
Free Books , Anyone ?
The jQuery project is a non-profit , open - source effort , and we rely heavily on donations and contributions to help fund everything we do .
We ’ll be running a fundraising drive starting now and throughout the 14 Days of jQuery .
If you ’re a jQuery user , show your support by making a tax - deductible donation of $ 20 USD or more to the project during the event , and you ’ll receive a free jQuery book with your donation .
It ’s always important to mention that much of this would not be possible without the help of the jQuery project sponsors ; Netflix , JupiterIT Consulting , appendTo , Fusionary Media and Oxide Design
Co have all signed on as official sponsors of the 14 Days of jQuery 1.4 , along with our favorite jQuery book publishers , Manning , Packt , jQuery Enlightenment , and O’Reilly .
That ’s it for now — head on over to jQuery 14.com for much more to come !
He and others like him left the United States with fewer regrets than some Americans might assume .
While he was courted by a clutch of top American universities and rose swiftly through Princeton ’s academic ranks , Dr. Shi said he believed many Asians confronted a glass ceiling in the United States .
Rao Yi , a 47 - year - old biologist who left Northwestern University in 2007 to become dean of the School of Life Sciences at Peking University in Beijing , contrasts China ’s “ soul - searching ” with America ’s self - satisfaction .
When the United States Embassy in Beijing asked him to explain why he wanted to renounce his American citizenship , he wrote that the United States had lost its moral leadership after the 9/11 attacks .
But “ the American people are still reveling in the greatness of the country and themselves , ” he said in a draft letter .
These scientists were not uniformly won over by the virtues of democracy , either .
While Dr. Rao said he hoped and believed that China would become a multiparty democracy in his lifetime , Dr. Shi said he doubted that that political system “ will ever be appropriate for China . ”
As a Tsinghua student , Dr. Shi joined the 1989 pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square .
As a registered Democrat in the United States , he participated eagerly in elections .
“ Multiparty democracy is perfect for the United States , ” he said .
“ But believing that multiparty democracy is right for the United States does not mean it is right for China . ”
Yet the re-entry to the politicized world of science in China can be challenging .
Some scientists with weaker résumés have shunned returnees .
In its biennial election of academicians last month , the Chinese Academy of Sciences , China ’s highest advisory body on science and technology , passed over Dr. Shi and Dr. Rao .
It also did not recognize Wang Xiaodong , a well - known Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator who recently became a director of Beijing ’s National Institute of Biological Sciences while remaining a full - time professor at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas .
The tension has spilled over into the Chinese blogosphere , where Dr. Shi has been attacked as insincere and untrustworthy .
In a posting in 2008 , Liu Zhongwu , a professor of science and engineering at South China University of Technology , said that Dr. Shi should be excluded from any projects that touch on China ’s national interests .
“ Bear in mind , he is a foreigner , ” he wrote .
Sun Updates Java SE 6 for Performance
Sun is updating Java for the first time this year providing fixes for over 300 bugs .
While the total bug tally may seem high , the latest Java update more about enhancing features and performance than it is about security fixes .
That 's because Java SE 6 Update 18 ( also known as 6u18 ) does not include any security updates at all unlike its predecessor , Java SE 6 Update 17 , which was released in November 2009 and included fixes for multiple vulnerabilities .
Still , that does n't make the new update which may turn out to be the last from Sun ( NASDAQ : JAVA ) before it is acquired by Oracleany less significant .
To Dave Hofert , senior group marketing manager for the Java Platform Group at Sun , the release marks a high - water mark for Java .
" Probably the largest improvement in this release is the performance work that we did for our virtual machine , called HotSpot , " Hofert told InternetNews.com .
" This helps improve performance for both Java and JavaFX applications . "
" After that , we have improved the usability of the Java installer ( we have replaced the underlying installer mechanism ) and of Java Web Start applications , " with a clearer progress bar , he said .
It ’s been the talk of the internet for weeks on end , and the day is almost here …or so every phone geek wishes .
Google just invited a group of reporters to an “ Android Press Gathering ” on January 5th , and the word on the street is that they ’ll be unveiling what I would like to call “ The Messiah ” .
Maybe you ’ve heard of it ?
The official street name is The Nexus One .
Rumors started running wild as soon as Google decided to hand out the sexy phone to their employees .
As soon as the news hit the blogs , Google tried to get in front of the rumors by stating that they were simply testing new mobile technologies .
“ We recently came up with the concept of a mobile lab , which is a phone that combines innovative hardware from a partner with software that runs on Android to experiment with new mobile features and capabilities , and we shared this phone with Google employees across the globe , ” Mario Queiroz , vice president of product management wrote on Dec. 12 .
Really Mario ?
I was one of thousands and possibly millions of individuals searching the web to find what this phone looked like , and then we all ran into it ’s first unofficial picture .
At a glance , I was n’t really that satisfied .
It looked simple …. plain ….. bland .
What made me excited though , was the rumors of it ’s speed and new firmware .
I spent weeks on end drooling over the anticipation of getting my grubby little finger tips on the phone , and my day came early .
Oh yes , I was a good boy this year and Santa were nice enough to drop a late X - Mas gift under my malnourished tree .
Ladies and Gentleman , say hello to the Nexus One .
Full Gallery of the Review
Design
The Nexus One is a very slick and beautiful phone that almost makes other devices look out dated .
Rather than going the direction of the Motorola Droid with it ’s hard edged corners , it took on the characteristics of the iPhone head - on by creating a more curvy device .
Where the iPhone flattens out on the top and bottom , the Nexus One takes on subtle curves that make the phone feel less boxy .
The face of the phone even curves down slightly at the very bottom .
There are four buttons and a trackball at the bottom of the phone which are very similar to the Droid , you know the regular features : Back , Menu , Home , and Search .
Below is HTC ’s all so familiar tracking ball .
Rather than adjusting the earpiece down a bit , you ’ll see that they decided to place it almost at the very top of the phone .
Another very noticeable feature is the amount of space the screen takes up .
It ’s HUGE !
A whopping 3.7 ” to be exact .
Physical Dimensions Vs iPhone and Motorola Droid
So we all can agree that the phone looks sexy as hell , but how can I explain the way it feels in your hands in three words or less ?
How about , “ Pretty f*cking incredible ” .
As soon as you pick it up , the first thing you ’ll notice is how slim it feels .
Although it ’s only slightly thinner then the iPhone ( 11.5 mm vs. 12.3 mm ) , it truly feels like it ’s half the size .
It ’s amazing to know that it ’s really not , but it may have a lot to do with the coating of the phone .
The back and sides of the phone are coated in Teflon , and feels almost rubbery .
It ’s very difficult to explain , but whatever it is they nailed it .
It ’s hard , but almost feels soft to the touch .
Additional buttons on the external portion of the phone is the volume rocker on the top left side of the phone , and a power button on the top of the phone above the volume rocker .
Display
The display screen on this phone is simply incredible .
There has yet to be any device out on the market to date that looks as crisp and clear as the Nexus One .
The difference is like taking a look at a 30 ” television and trying to compare it with a brand new 46 ” Sony LCD .
The Nexus One boasts a 3.7 ” ( diagonal ) widescreen , WVGA AMOLED screen , delivering at 720x480 .
Picture quality is very impressive .
Responsiveness to touch on the screen is definitely on par with the iPhone .
There are no delays when touching apps and moving from screen to screen .
Users have the ability to navigate left and right for a total of 5 screens .
Thanks to the updated firmware , Android 2.1 , the phone flies .
While most phones will tend to lag a bit when opening , closing , and moving from page to page with touch and gestures , this phone moves with ease .
The sad part here is that there is no multi - touch on this device .
So forget about pinching to zoom in and out , however if you MUST insist on using these gestures you can download an application called Dolphin .
This app is a browser that allows you to do anything on an iPiPhonehone , within your browser on your Nexus One .
It actually works very well .
Home Screen Background Images
One of the most blogged features on the Nexus One is the background images .
When pictures first appear online , everyone noticed that the background image of the phone seemed to be animating .
Well it does …. they do …. all 10 of them do , and they are called Live Wallpapers .
You can chose from the following :
Galaxy , Grass , Magic Smoke , Many , Nexus , Plar clock , Spectrum , VU meter , Water , Waveform ,
Click here to view them all .
My favorite happens to be Grass .
Depending on what time of day it is , the sky will change colors .
If it ’s in the afternoon , you ’ll see a bright clue sky .
If it ’s when the sun is setting , you ’ll see an orange sky .
Right before you go to bed , the sky will be dark .
Not only does the sky change on the time of the day , but you ’ll see the grass blowing in the wind .
Each time you navigate through screens it ’s as if you ’re brushing your apps through the grass .
You ’ll also notice the Force Close window below .
When I tried to load 2 of the wallpapers , that ’s unfortunately what I came up with tonight .
It worked before , but does n’t seem to want to load right now .
Swipe
There are 2 options on the home screen .
One option is on the lower left side of the display , and is used to unlock the phone .
If you place your finger on it and swipe to the right , it will unlock everything .
Prior to unlocking the phone the second option is on the lower right side .
This option will mute or un -mute the phone .
If you place your finger on it and swipe to the left , you can change that setting .
Scrolling
As stated earlier in this post , you have the ability to scroll right and left through the home screen pages by simply swiping the screen left or right .
Google also added the oh so familiar HTC trackball , that allows you to scroll left and right as well .
Both are very precise , but the trackball makes it quite easy to play a lot of the games available in Market .
The trackball has a nice feature similar to other HTC devices in the market , that can be set to flash for all of your notifications .
It ’s definitely a great reminder to see when the phone is laying down .
Connectors and Sensors
Like most devices on the market today the headphone jack is 3.5 mm .
When testing with several headphones , the sound quality is on par with the iPhone .
It ’s safe to say that the sound quality here is average .
The battery , sim card , and SD card are all in the same location , behind the phone beneath the back cover .
If you ’re making a boat load of calls and frequently find yourself in noisy areas , you ’ll be happy to know that there is an on - board noise canceling feature .
I originally thought that they were the gold contacts at the bottom of the phone near the microphone , but folks are saying that ’s likely for the dock that ’s soon to come .
At this point I ’ve run a few test calls with friends while roaming in busy areas and they said the sound is pretty good .
I ca n’t truly confirm as I was n’t on the other side of that call .
The gold contacts is actually for Nexus One Accessories such as the docking stations .
An additional feature that was a smart move was the proximity sensor .
Like the iPhone , when you place the phone to your ear it will automatically dim everything so you ca n’t press buttons .
When you take the phone away from your ear , again the screen will quickly brighten .
Speaker
The sound quality of the speaker phone is pretty good .
It ’s a lot louder then the iPhone , but the sound is n’t totally crisp .
It ’s likely that they may have tried to cut costs here , and opted for a loud speaker rather then a good quality sound .
It beats holding my iphone up to my ear in the car , while it ’s on speakerphone .
Kind of defeats the purpose of a speaker right ?
The speaker is located on the back of the phone , which actually creates a slight problem .
If you ’re like me and you like to place your phone in your pocket it ’s likely you may miss your call .
When fabric is placed on top of the speaker it muffles out the sound quite a bit .
When laying out on a hard surface it ’s fine , because you ’ll notice the camera protrudes out of the back a bit , which gives a little breathing room for the speaker .
Camera
The camera on board the Nexus One has 5 megapixels , with mechanical autofocus and LED flash .
Physically , the camera protrudes a bit out of the back of the phone .
You ’ll notice it ’s actually not the camera , but just the back cover of the phone that does this .
As posted earlier in the Speaker section , this is done to give the speaker breathing room when placed on a hard surface .
As soon as camera mode is prompted , the phone goes in to landscape mode , offering the ability to snap a shot , switch from camera to video camera , or view previously taken photos .
On the left side of the screen you ’ll notice there is a bar that gives you additional options .
If you drag it out ( or simply press the menu button and select settings ) , you ’ll see setting for Flash mode , White balance , Color effect , Store location , and Picture size .
The camera feature gives you control over the pictures you take with these options .
If I was to compare the camera quality with the iPhone I prefer the iphone because of it uses of natural colors while the Nexus One does n’t .
The Nexus
One causes you to have to play around with the settings more to get the perfect picture .
Video on the Nexus One shoots at 27FPS , and again I do n’t feel it truly matches up with the iPhone for the same reasons as stated above with the camera .
Unfortunately , we can’t give the Nexus
One a perfect review when it comes to this area .
Photos and video are just average , and very similar to all of the rest of HTC ’s devices in the market as well as the Motorola Droid .
i Phone definitely kicks but in this area .
The photo below is a picture taken in low light with the Nexus One
Android 2.1 , Snapdragon & Processor
It ’s safe to say that the paring of android 2.1 , snapdragon , and it ’s processor ( QUALCOMM QSD 8250 , 1GHz ) , it ’s a sure shot !
The phones speed is simply amazing .
Navigating through the phone , installing applications , and surfing the web is blazingly fast .
My Nexus
One is running with an ATT sim card .
This means that unfortunately I ’m forced to only run on the edge network rather then 3G .
However it still runs very fast .
Applications
If I had to write about one application , it would be Home Car .
Everyone has been going crazy about GPS systems these days , and who needs to go out and buy a Garmin GPS or iPhone app when you have Car Home ?
Car Home is a default application that comes with the Nexus One .
When you open up the application have have 5 different options ; Voice Search , Navigation , View Map , Contacts , and Search .
The exciting part about this application is the Navigation button .
When you select that button , it will take you in to Google Maps and ask for your location and end point address .
When you place it in , you get your full set of directions as you would in your cars navigation system .
I ’ve used it a couple times and it works great !
The downfall of the Nexus One is that google still has yet to hit the Market with really good gaming applications .
Hands down the iPhone is the clear winner , but developers are definitely starting to show promise with some of their latest apps .
We all knew before that the android devices really could n’t handle some of the games , but with the processing speed and snapdragon on the Nexus One , I ’m sure we ’ll all be pleasantly surprised in the near future .
Voice to Text
An addition that I completely fell in love with over the past few days , is the voice to text option .
Any place on the phone where you can type , you can now talk .
Emails , text message , and even text input boxes on sites while browsing .
It ’s all made possible by a small button that shows up where your comma would naturally reside on the keyboard .
After clicking on it , a box appears and let ’s you know when to speak .
If I had to rate this feature out of 10 , it would get an 8 .
It ’s not GREAT , but it works well .
It ’s definitely a safe bet that this will get a lot of users for those kids out there that are sending thousands of texts a minute .
Why type it when you can speak it !
Battery Life
Like any phone that ’s pulling all kinds of data , I have yet to see one that can last a long period of time .
I ’ve pushed it for about 12 hours while out in the wild , using everything on the phone .
By the time I got home , it went completely dead .
I would say that it ’s even with the iPhone .
Both are n’t really great , but I ’m definitely ok with taking a wire to work to let it charge for 30 minutes or so .
Benchmark Test Vs. Motorola Droid
Nexus One Accessories
You can check our Nexus One Accessories Store for Nexus One Cases , Battery , Charger , Car Kits and more !
And be sure to visit or Accessories posts page for the latest updates .
Wrap Up
If I had to walk in to a store today with endless funds to purchase a phone , I would have to go with the Nexus One .
The main reasons I chose this phone is simply because of it ’s hires display , speed , and it ’s extremely attractive UI .
On a 3G network , there is no reason to stray to any other device .
Yes the iPhone shoots pictures and video a bit better , but if I REALLY want to shoot crisp photos I ’ll do that with my real digital camera .
At this point iPhone has the better gaming applications , but again the android Market is growing at a rapid pace .
We ’re likely to soon see some amazing stuff when developers get their hands on the Nexus One .
I ’m more concerned with the fact that I can actually MAKE phone calls from the Nexus One , and the fact that it makes browsing the web a truly unique and visually stimulating experience .
Currently , my main phone that I ’m using is my Nexus One , and my iPhone is now my iPod .
Hats off to Google and HTC on an amazing device !
For or up - to - date news and info on the Nexus One , be sure to Follow us on Twitter or Subscribe to our RSS .
Our online Accessories Store is also launching very soon .
Guest post by : 3rd-Geer
Nexus One FULL Spec :
Physical Dimensions :
Height : 119mm
Width : 59.8 mm
Depth : 11.5 mm
Weight : 130g with battery ; 100g without battery
Storage :
Flash : 512MB
RAM : 512MB
SD card : 4GB Micro SD card included ( expandable to 32 GB )
Camera , photos , videos :
5 MP camera
Mechanical autofocus
2x digital zoom
LED flash
Geotagging capable
Cellular & wireless :
3G T - Mobile and EDGE on AT&T
Wi -Fi ( 802.11 a/b/g/n)
Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR
A2DP stereo Bluetooth
Location :
AGPS receiver
Cell tower and Wi-Fi positioning
Digital compass
Accelerometer
Display :
3.7 inch ( diagonal ) widescreen , WVGA AMOLED screen
External buttons & controls :
Physical power key
Physical volume up / down key
Tricolor , clickable trackball
4illuminated softkeys ( Back , Menu , Home , Search )
Haptic feedback
Teflon -coated back cover
Connectors and sensors :
Dock pins for the Docking Stations or other Nexus One Accessories
3.5 mm , 40 connector , stereo headset jack
Earpiece
Speaker
Microphone
Second microphone for active noise cancellation
SIM card slot
Micro SD slot
Micro USB port
Proximity sensor
Light sensor
Tricolor charging and notification indicator LED
Processor :
QUALCOMM QSD 8250 , 1 Ghz
Audio decoders :
AAC LC / LTP , HE - ACCv1 ( AAC + ) , HE - AACv2 ( enhanced ACC + )
Mono / Stereo standard bit rates up to 160 kbps and sampling rates from 8 k Hz to 48kHz
AMR -NB 4.75-12.2 kpbs sampled @ 8kHz
AMR - WB 9 rates from 6.60 kbit/s to 23.85 kbits / s sampled @ 16kHz
MP3 mono / stereo 8-320 kbps constant bit rate ( CBR ) or variable bit-rate ( VBR )
MIDI SMF ( Type 0 and 1 ) , DLS Version 1 and 2 , XMF / Mobile
XMF , RTTTL / RTX , OTA , iMelody
Ogg Vorbis
WAVE
Audio encoders :
AMR -NB 4.75-2.2kbps sampled @ 8kHz
Platform :
Android mobile technology platform 2.1 ( Flan )
Image formats :
JPEG ( encode and decode )
GIF
PNG
BMP
Video decoders :
H.263
MPEG -4 SP
H.264 AVC
Video encoders :
H.263
MPEG -4 SP
Power and battery :
Removable 1400 mAh battery
Ad : White iPhone 4
Mind Hacks reports that a nail penetrated the shoe of a 29 - year - old construction worker , causing great pain .
But the hospital workers discovered that the nail had passed harmlessly between his toes .
A builder aged 29 came to the accident and emergency department having jumped down on to a 15 cm nail .
As the smallest movement of the nail was painful he was sedated with fentanyl and midazolam .
The nail was then pulled out from below .
When his boot was removed a miraculous cure appeared to have taken place .
Despite entering proximal to the steel toecap the nail had penetrated between the toes : the foot was entirely uninjured .
Mind Hacks says this is related to " somatisation disorder , where physical symptoms appear that are n't explained by tissue damage . "
Hard as nails
According to the lawsuit , O'Keefe and Giles met with Conway - Russell in an " attempt to entrap " ACORN workers into behaving inappropriately .
Conway - Russell told O'Keefe and Giles that she could help them only with mortgage opportunities but not with other matters , the lawsuit said .
New Testament >
Revelation >
Armageddon Revelation 19:11 - 12 , 15
Then I saw heaven open and there was a white horse , and its rider had eyes like blazing fire , and on his head are many crowns .
He is dressed in a robe dipped in blood , and his name is the Word of God .
Out of his mouth comes a sharp sword to strike down the nations .
He will rule them with an iron rod .
Getting lighter , but why ?
Birthweights in the US are falling but no one knows why , according to a study of 36.8 million infants born between 1990 and 2005 .
A 52 - gram drop in the weight of full - term singletons – from an average of 3.441 to 3.389 kilograms – has left Emily Oken ’s team at Harvard Medical School scratching their heads .
It ca n’t be accounted for by an increase in caesarean sections or induced labours , which shorten gestation .
What ’s more , women in the US now smoke less and gain more weight during pregnancy , which should make babies heavier .
Oken suggests that unmeasured factors , such as diet or exercise , could explain why babies are being born lighter .
“ For your average baby , 50 grams probably makes no difference at all , ” she stresses .
But those born substantially lighter could be at increased risk of heart disease and diabetes later in life .
Journal reference : Obstetrics & Gynecology , DOI : 10.1097/aog.0b013e3181cbd5f5
Limbo is the application programming language for Inferno .
Syntactically similar to C , it has several features that make it simpler , safer and yet more powerful and better suited to the development of concurrent , distributed systems .
The Limbo compiler generates architecture independent object code which is then interpreted by the Inferno Virtual Machine or compiled just before runtime to improve performance .
This ensures that Limbo applications are completely portable across all Inferno platforms .
Life is made easier for the programmer with features such as automatic garbage collection , compile and runtime type checking and simple creation of multiple processes ( threads ) and communication between them .
Inferno also comes with a graphical debugger , allowing the user to step into the program at any point and browse through the current state .
Limbo has the following data types : byte ( 8 - bit unsigned )
int ( 32 - bit signed )
big ( 64 - bit signed )
real ( 64 - bit floating point )
list
array ( with slicing )
string
tuple ( ordered collection of types )
channel ( for inter - process communication )
adt ( " abstract data type " )
pick ( discriminated union type )
module Sample Programs
The following sample programs illustrate a simple program which takes a number of command line parameters and displays each one on a new line with a 1 second gap in between .
The second sample program uses a simple multi- threaded approach to illustrate the basic use of channels .
( line numbers have been inserted for easy reference ) Program 1 1 : implement Timer ; 2 : include " sys.m " ; 3 : sys : Sys ; 4 : include " draw.m " ; 5 : Timer : module { 6 : init : fn ( nil : ref Draw -> Context , argv : list of string ) ; 7 : } ; 8 : init ( nil : ref Draw -> Context , argv : list of string ) 9 : { 10 : sys = load Sys Sys -> PATH ; 11 : n := len argv ; 12 : sys -> print ( " Command Line Parameters
" ) ; 13 : for ( i := 0 ; i < n ; i++ ) { 14 : sys -> sleep ( 1000 ) ; 15 : sys -> print ( " %d : %s
" , i , hd argv ) ; 16 : argv = tl argv ; 17 : } 18 : } Line 1 defines the name of the module ( program ) with lines 5 - 7 defining the interface it presents to the outside world .
The init function is required in the interface for a module to be run from the Inferno shell as a normal program .
This function is then defined in lines 8 - 18 .
Lines 2 and 4 include the files that define the interfaces to the other modules that Timer requires .
Line 3 sets the Sys module handle sys to be a global variable .
Line 10 loads the Sys module ( which contains the sleep and print functions used on lines 14 and 15 ) and starts a reference to it in the global variable sys The Inferno shell passes command lines parameters to a module via the list of string variables argv in the init function which is part of the module interface .
Line 11 sets n to the number of items in the list , argv .
Line 13 tells the system to loop n times through lines 14 to 16 which first waits for one second ( the sys -> sleep function takes a delay argument in milliseconds ) and then prints the next parameter in the list .
The program iterates through the argv list using the hd ( head ) and tl ( tail ) operators .
Program 2
In this multi- threaded version of the previous program , a timer thread is started which controls the rate at which the command line parameters are printed .
This shows a channel being used to communicate between different threads .
1 : implement Timer2 ; 2 : include " sys.m " ; 3 : sys : Sys ; 4 : include " draw.m " ; 5 : Timer2 : module { 6 : init : fn ( nil : ref Draw -> Context , argv : list of string ) ; 7 : } ; 8 : init ( nil : ref Draw -> Context , argv : list of string ) 9 : { 10 : sys = load Sys Sys -> PATH ; 11 : sync := chan of int ; 12 : n := len argv ; 13 : spawn timer ( sync , n ) ; 14 : sys -> print ( " Command Line Parameters
" ) ; 15 : for ( i := 0 ; i < n ; i++) { 16 : print ( " %d : %s
" , i , hd argv ) ; 18 : argv = tl argv ; 19 : } 20 : } 21 : timer ( sync : chan of int , n : int ) 22 : { 23 : for ( i := 0 ; i < n ; i++) { 24 : sys -> sleep ( 1000 ) ; 25 : sync
The first 10 lines perform the same function as in the first program , to define and load required modules .
Line 11 defines a channel , sync which will be used to communicate between the different threads ( processes ) , the channel type defining the data which may be passed on it e.g. a chan of int may be used to pass integers .
Line 13 starts the timer thread using the spawn command .
From this point on , the init function and the timer function will run concurrently in separate threads .
The program now enters into a loop in the same way as the previous program .
However , instead of using sys -> sleep to wait for one second , it waits for a value to be sent on the sync channel .
The value could be assigned to a variable using variablename := but as the value is not used , the assignment may be omitted .
In the timer thread , the loop statement first pauses for one second ( line 24 ) and then sends the value ' 1 ' down the sync channel ( line 25 ) .
Once the thread has performed the loop n times , it will exit .
Advanced Channels
This is just a simple example of the use of channels to communicate and synchronise between different threads .
Advanced features such as listening on multiple channels , passing abstract data types ( including channels ) across channels and using buffered channels may all be used as part of the sophisticated concurrent environment provided by Limbo .
Limbo Easy to Learn
Limbo syntax is similar to C and is designed to be easy to read and understand
Absolutely Portable
Source code is compiled into architecture independent byte code which will run identically on all Inferno platforms
Advanced Concurrency
Cheap processes , powerful interprocess communication and synchronisation
Dynamic Modules
Loaded at runtime as and when required , loaded modules are never duplicated in memory
Safe
Compile and runtime type checking and runtime array bounds checking
Automatic Garbage Collection
No need to remember to free up memory when no longer in use Limbo Modules Security
Encrypted , authenticated connections , encryption & hash algorithms
Networking
Support for TCP / IP , UDP , FTP and SMTP
Limbo/Tk
Powerful graphical user interface toolkit , create sophisticated windows based applications quickly and easily
Maths
floating point operations , elementary and linear algebra functions
Draw
low level 32 bit graphics library with image compositing and alpha blending
For three years Los Angeles ' Homeboy Industries , a nationally recognized gang intervention organization , has sent a select few of its members on an extraordinary pilgrimage to work with impoverished kids in Alabama Village , Prichard , Ala .
Welcome to Day Two of our Magical Funtime Journey into the pulsing heart of the Trial over Proposition 8 , a.k.a. , our lives , values , hearts & minds .
Firstly , we ’d like to give a BIG UP to Rick Jacobs at the Prop 8 Trial Tracker for giving us pretty much the best up - to - date info on this as it proceeds .
Now we will regurgitate it for you .
Last Time on “ Judgement Daze ” – On January 11th , the H8ers , represented by Charles Cooper , gave an opening statement about how heterosexual marriage promotes good breeder values and how discrimination is n’t actually discrimination .
The Lovers , represented by Ted Olson , explained how Prop 8 hurts people and how everybody who ’s anybody is coming to San Francisco to : a ) wear flowers in their hair , b ) spread the good word / provide proof .
Kristin M. Perry , ( who brought the case to court ) talked about falling in love with her partner , Sandra B. Stier , and said she tried boys and it was gross !
Day 2 – January 12
Part One : In Which Nancy Explains the History of Marriage and why the H8ers are all wrong about it .
Higher Ed : Harvard history professor Nancy Cott testified that procreation has never been the central purpose of marriage in the United Sates .
This is a big deal because of a statement made by the The Prop H8ers that is central to their case :
“ And the purpose of the institution of marriage , the central purpose is to promote procreation and to channel naturally procreative sexual activity between men and women into stable enduring unions … it is the central and we would submit defining purpose of marriage . ” ( - h8ers )
Ms. Cott has written a book about the history of marriage in the United States , and her testimony is super important ’ cause , amazingly , “ unlike other marriage challenges , the suit is being decided in a full - blown , fact - finding trial intended to explore historical , psychological and religious meanings of marriage , the nature of sexual orientation and the history of discrimination against gays . ”
What does Cott have to say about the “ historical , psychological and religious meanings of marriage ?
Well um …
“ Procreation is one of the purposes of marriage .
The larger purpose of marriage from the state ’s perspective is the ordering of the household , the contribution to stability and governance …
Looking at this historically , it ’s the regulatory purpose of marriage .
Husbands were economically responsible for their family / spouse .
The point of marriage was so the sovereign could govern in smaller units , the household .
We no longer assume that the single head of household has all the power , especially since 1920 when women got the right to vote .
( BAM !!!!)
The institution of marriage has always been as much about supporting adults as it has been minors .
The proponents emphasize the minors ’. “
Also , apparently in their opening statement Yes on 8 said that “ Racial restrictions were never a definitional feature of the institution of marriage ? ”
Is that , um , crazy ?
Can I get a witness ?
Yes , I can !
FROM HISTORY !
Hey , what ’s up , Nancy Cott is here too , in this time zone and everything .
What ’s she got to say ?
“ There were many restrictive laws that prohibited Asians from entering the US .
At the time the restriction laws were passed , there were already 100,000 or more Asian men in the west of the US , but there were very few Asian women .
The restrictions against marrying white women made these men permanent bachelors .
In 1907 , a US restriction in law said that any American woman who married a foreigner would have to take his citizenship and lose her citizenship “ even if she descended from the Mayflower . ”
A German , for example , could become a citizen through naturalization .
But Asians were never eligible for citizenship .
California invented this concept of Asians never being eligible for citizenship .
If an American woman married an Asian , she could never again become an American [ citizen ] …
Parallels between these restrictions and same - sex marriage restrictions exist … [ opponents of interracial marriage ] did say that interracial marriage would degrade their own marriages and make marriage less popular . ”
While we think a lot of the parallels between the Gay Rights Movement and the Civil Rights Movement are not really fair , we do think Cott did a great job of making that specific parallel right where it ’s relevant .
Yahoo !
Thanks for undermining the fantasy of marriage as an institution made out of non-discriminatory universal man-on - woman - loving sunshine and rainbows , girl !
h8er Rep Thompson tries to get Cott to say that same - sex marriage will destroy sanctity of family , bring society to its knees , cause earthquakes and birth defects , etc. STAY STRONG , NANCY !
Also , this happens : “ Thompson reads from her Iowa deposition that says that since gay men and lesbians have married each other , the law is literally not against homosexuals marrying . ”
OMG OMG this feels exactly like having to sit through Thanksgiving dinner with my Dad , I ca n’t believe you ’re actually allowed to say that and have it be “ evidence . ”
Also we are talking about Bill Clinton ’s infidelity ?
Seriously ?
I ca n’t deal with this , it ’s too much , but you can read the whole section of the liveblog here .
Basically , the coolest part is that the Judge is asking Cott really good and insightful questions , like how the state first became involved in regulating marriage and why , and it is really heartening and nice to have someone finally care about that and to think that they might even take it into account when deciding whether or not you can legally marry your f*cking wife .
Right ?
Part Two :
In Which Chauncey explains that the H8ers have been
H8ing FOREVS and this sh*t is whack !
Expert on gays :
Yale historian George Chauncey is called as an expert witness to explain “ the campaign to enact Prop 8 as part of a historical trend of demonizing gays and lesbians . ”
Ohmigod you guys , this is really exciting , he is talking about sodomy laws and gays being arrested for being gay except they called it “ disorderly conduct ” & institutional discrimination – he ’s establishing the fact that America has systematically and intentionally made our lives painful and difficult , and that Prop 8 is only one little blip in that big ol ’ timeline of h8erade !
He discusses Stonewall , DADT , employment discrimination , the whole thing .
“ Like most outsider groups , there have been stereotypes associated with gay people .
Sermons railed against homosexuals .
Campaigns were led against gay rights recently .
Doctors assumed homosexuality to be a pathology which extended stereotypes .
A lot of the research focused on gender nonconformity .
Thought that homosexuality [ was a ] reversion of gender roles .
Doctors opined that women should not take certain jobs or smoke cigars or vote because they ’d take on pathology of lesbians and hurt their ability to bear children .
Then in the 1930s , they imagined homosexuality to be arrested development .
They were heterosexuals stuck in the homosexual stage , which reinforced the stereotype of immaturity . ”
I almost feel like I ’m watching the West Wing Edition of the Same - Sex Marriage Trial !
All these smart people making solid points , I ’m ready for Jed Bartlett to tell somebody off .
I ’m sure Maggie Gallagher ’s at home rolling her beady eyes at this , and I suppose it could come to nothing … but is n’t it so VALIDATING to hear this all said in court ?
Like in some way , someone is finally being held accountable for all this bullsh*t ?
Or that maybe there ’s someone out there reading the liveblog from their little bomb shelter or wherever they ’ve been since the 50’s who never knew that once upon a time ladies got arrested in bars for having short hair and now they DO know ’ cause someone just said it under oath and now they ’re outraged !
No ?
Part 3 : In Which We Travel Through Time And Realize How Far We Have n’t Come , But Should Probs Change Soon
Ok , it ’s time travel time again so that we can look at how The H8 of Yesterday = The H8 of the Future .
Y’all know about Anita Bryant ?
She ’s the genius masterbrain who developed many of the anti-gay standards & slogans that are still used today .
She ’s a real pioneer .
Here ’s a little recap :
Chauncey talks about “ Save Our Children , ” the anti-gay campaign led by our dear Anita Bryant in Dade County , Florida in 1977 ( 1977 !
That recently ! )
A classic quote from this classy lady :
“ Some of the stories I could tell you about child abuse and recruitment by homosexuals would turn your stomach .
This recruitment is absolutely necessary since homosexuals cannot reproduce themselves so they must recruit to swell their ranks . ”
- Anita Bryant
We then talk about other anti-gay campaigns , like Briggs in CA , etc. to compare these campaigns to the ones Anita Bryant controversially raged .
And then , we get to this :
H8 ER / Terri Stewart ( lawyer for the plaintiffs ) :
Are you familiar with Prop.8 ?
Dr. George Chauncey : Yes … as a historian I have to say that the wave of campaigns we ’ve seen in the last decade is an extension of the previous campaigns .
Get it , girl !
Chancey talks for a while about how the Yes on 8 campaign operated on the same principles of the Predatory H-omo- seck - shul that Children Need To Be Protected From as Save The Children and other campaigns that we like to think of as outdated and over - the - top now .
Also , oh man , they finally talk about the Yes on 8 ads !
H8ER / TS : Do you believe Prop. 8 ads perpetuate the stereotypes of the history you describe ?
CHAUNCEY : I think they do … ( while looking at Yes on 8 PSAs ) same messages .
[ he ’s describing the message here : ]
We have to protect our children from exposure to gay people , fight gay marriage which is the full recognition of our rights .
Underlying message here is something about the undesirability of homosexuality ; we do n’t want our children to become this way .
Afterwards ,
The H8ers gets to cross-examine Chauncey for 10 minutes , and shit gets really confusing .
They start talking about the definition of homosexuality , and the Prop 8 lawyer brings up how it used to be more culturally normal for men to have sex with men , and I feel like usually homo - haters pretend that that is n’t true , but I think he ’s trying to make a point ?
“ Earlier culture allowed men to have sex with men without the need to identify as homosexual in the modern taxonomy .
There were many men who had same sex relations who went on to marry women . ”
I am not sure what that means , perhaps this is affirmation for her own shammy marriage or a plug for Exodus International .
And then we ’re done for the day !
There is some more talk about what documents are going to be reviewed tomorrow , whether or not they are “ secret ” or “ controversial , ” I guess we will find out tomorrow !
This is going to make a really good musical some day , we can call it INHERIT THE WIN !
Oh also , then our two lawyers went on Rachel Maddow to talk about how it is n’t a liberal or conservative battle , just an issue about American rights & values and why it ’s important to take it to the federal level .
The Defining Moment in Your Game by Eric Disco
Miami .
Art Basel weekend , one of the largest art festivals in the world .
I ’ve come down with some close friends to simply party , have fun , and meet cool art people ( and cute art chicks ) .
But it ’s always the same story .
My body fights me at the beginning .
Like the grumbles I feel before going on a long run .
I get to the main convention center .
Some amazing cuties there .
The art is brilliant .
The women are hot .
And many of them are alone or in groups of two girls .
My mind starts to protest .
I love seeing art like this .
You know what ?
I ’m just going to enjoy the art and not focus on meeting people .
There ’s always an excuse .
Always .
Not that I ca n’t enjoy the art .
And if I really had something important to do , I might not be out there flirting with women as much .
But I do n’t have anything important to do .
I ’m here to have fun .
And for some odd reason today , my brain wants to categorize meeting people as ‘ work . ’
It ’s like brushing your teeth before bed .
It seems like a lot of work , until you actually do it .
And there ’s the key .
Actually do it .
To make it as likely as possible that I ’ll do it , the “ it ” needs to be easy to start off with .
I see some cute girls .
I check them out .
Yum .
Instead of talking to them , I walk in the other direction toward the next exhibit
No .
I turn my body toward them and start walking .
I get there and stand next to them .
After a moment , I even think of something retarded to say .
There ’s a painting full of chopped up words in front of us .
“ Can you translate that for me ? ”
They semi-laugh and say “ You ’ll have to figure it out for yourself . ”
They smile and slowly walk away .
These girls were cute .
And ready to have fun .
But I ’m locked up .
I could n’t think of anything else to say .
And more so , my body was locked up .
Now that I ’ve taken initiative , two things are going on in my brain .
1 ) Self - debasement .
This is usually the first to happen .
I start to “ beat myself up ” for doing something wrong or not doing it well enough .
Those girls were smiling .
Why did n’t I say something else ?
I ’ve got 1 million things I could have said .
Why did I lock up ?
I ’ve been doing this for years and still getting locked up ?
Other guys who are great with women would n’t get locked up like I just did right there .
This is n’t going well .
2) Self - encouragement .
If I catch myself in time , I will realize what ’s going on .
Usually in the form of affirmations , I switch my thoughts to self - praise for what I just did .
It was the first interaction of the day .
There are TONS of cute women here .
I ’m just geting warmed up .
It ’s normal what I ’m feeling .
The next people I talk to will be easier .
I ’m fucking awesome for taking initiative in the first place .
That was fun .
It does n’t matter that it did n’t “ go anywhere . ”
This is all part of the process .
And this is important .
This is why I start off with something small and simple .
Something easy .
Something retarded .
Because I ’m faced with # 1 and # 2 after almost every interaction .
This is the defining moment for me .
Do I debase myself or praise myself ?
Obviously the answer is # 2 .
You want to encourage yourself internally .
Seems simple .
But it ’s not always so easy to remember to do that .
We are emotional creatures .
Our emotions sometimes take control of our brains .
That can be a good thing .
We are n’t robots .
We live and love and learn .
That ’s the beauty of life .
And the more you practice steering your emotions in the right direction after every social encounter , the more you build up your momentum …
… the more it feels like you ’re gaining energy with each encounter …
… and the less anxiety you have for the next interaction .
As the day goes on , I start to interact with people even more .
In fact it turns into one of the funnest and most social weekends I ’ve had in a really long time .
I meet some incredible people .
Awesomely cute art chicks .
Cool people who actually live not far from me in Brooklyn .
Business contacts .
But what ’s more is I feel relaxed and enjoy the process .
I ’m having fun with this .
How a vacation should be .
-----------------
posted in Embarrassment and Rejection , Field Reports
Whether you are dealing with business formation , a divorce , car accident claim , criminal charge , or any other legal issue , you have a lot at stake in the matter .
You need to work with an experienced legal advocate who will protect your rights and your best interests .
At Patton & Pittman Attorneys , our trial - tested Clarksville lawyers bring more than 85 years of combined experience in a wide range of legal fields .
No matter the legal matter at hand , we have the qualifications to help you craft and carry out a tailored and comprehensive legal strategy .
One of our Clarksville attorneys will work with you at every step of your case .
You wo n’t meet an attorney at the consultation only to work with paralegals until the court date .
Each of our experienced lawyers works hands on with clients , personally handling every single case .
Our client - centered approach gets results .
THE Facebook juggernaut has claimed the scalp of AOL Time Warner 's $ US850 million ( $ 921 million ) acquisition of Bebo , with the social media site tipped to close its Australian operation before Christmas as part of a global retreat and rethink .
Bebo's woes follow the troubles Facebook has inflicted on News Corp 's one - time darling MySpace , which has been forced to reposition itself as a leader in the online music area and let Facebook dominate the service of broader social networking .
Australians , unlike net users in many other markets , have rapidly given Google and Facebook a near - monopoly position in online search and social networking .
The extent of Facebook 's reach in Australia - it accounts for 29 per cent of all time spent online by Australians - has led to research group Nielsen defining the trend as " Facebook Time " and " Non Facebook Time " .
" It 's just phenomenal , " said Nielsen Online 's director of analytics , Mark Higginson .
" Every time I run those numbers I have to double check .
Australians are spending nearly a third of all their time browsing the internet on Facebook alone . "
New data from satellites show the vast underground pools feeding faucets and irrigation hoses across California are running low , a worrisome trend federal scientists largely attribute to aggressive agricultural pumping .
The measurements show the amount of water lost in the two main Central Valley river basins within the past six years could almost fill the nation 's largest reservoir , Lake Mead in Nevada .
" All that water has been sucked from these river basins .
It 's gone .
It 's left the building , " says Jay Famiglietti , an earth science professor at the University of California , Irvine , who led the research collaboration .
" The data is telling us that this rate of pumping is not sustainable . "
Hundreds of farmers have been drilling wells to irrigate their crops , as three years of drought and environmental restrictions on water supplies have withered crops , jobs and profits throughout the San Joaquin Valley , where roughly half of the nation 's fruits , nuts , and vegetables are grown .
Developers and cities dependent on the tight supplies also have joined the well - drilling frenzy as the crisis has deepened .
NASA scientists and researchers from UC Irvine presented their findings at a recent conference , showcasing data from twin satellites that pick up changes in the aquifers coursing underneath the state .
The NASA mission represents the first attempt to use space - based technology to measure how much groundwater has been lost in recent years in California and elsewhere in the world .
From October 2003 through March of this year , Mr. Famiglietti and his team tracked how Earth 's gravitational pull on the satellites changed as the amount of water stored in the Sacramento and San Joaquin river basins dried up .
As river water , snowmelt , soil moisture and aquifer levels declined , the satellites sensed less of a pull to the planet , which allowed scientists to extrapolate over time how much water had disappeared .
More than three - quarters of the loss was due to groundwater pumping in the southern Central Valley , primarily to irrigate crops , researchers found .
If drilling keeps on at the same clip , scientists warned , more wells could start running dry .
" We 've known about the conditions in California for a while since it's one of the most pumped aquifers in the United States , " says Michael Watkins , NASA 's Pasadena - based project scientist for the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment mission .
" Hydrologists were just surprised to see that the deep water conditions had dropped so much , since it was more than we had expected , " he says .
Editor ’s note : The Monitor 's Environment section has a new URL .
And there 's a new URL for its Bright Green blog .
We hope you 'll bookmark these and visit often .
Editor ’s note : On Friday PT , Mozilla released the release candidate for 3.6 .
Check out the Mozilla Developer News announcement reposted below .
The Mozilla community is proud to announce the availability of a release candidate of Firefox 3.6 .
This preview software is available for free download and has been issued as an automatic update to all Firefox 3.6 beta users .
Over 75 % of the thousands of Firefox Add- ons have now been upgraded by their authors to be compatible with Firefox 3.6 .
If your favorite Add - on is n’t yet marked as compatible , you can help the Add - on author test it out using the Add - on Compatibility Reporter .
This release candidate may update itself periodically , and will eventually be exactly the same as the final Firefox 3.6 release itself .
Firefox 3.6 ( built on the Gecko 1.9.2 platform ) introduces several new features for users and developers :
Web developers and Add - on developers should read more detail about the many new features in Firefox 3.6 for developers on the Mozilla Developer Center .
For the full list of changes since the alpha release of Firefox 3.6 see this list ( it ’s big ) .
If you ’d like to get a sneak peek at Firefox 3.6 , please download the release candidate from www.mozilla.com.
If you already have Firefox 3.6 Beta , you should be automatically updated to the release candidate .
You can also choose to manually “ Check for Updates ” from the Help menu .
As always , the Mozilla community would appreciate hearing about any feedback you have about this release , or any bugs you may find .
We face an uncertain future .
And there are no easy answers .
To be stable and functional , an ecosystem requires balance .
Too much fluctuation in any of a number of variables can result in runaway extremes of temperature , acidity , drought , and other conditions that will leave the system unfit for most of its living inhabitants .
( Just look at what happened in the Biosphere 2 experiment when researchers could n’t manage to maintain a healthy balance of oxygen and carbon dioxide . )
Rapid change within an ecosystem almost always leads to mass extinctions .
Our Earth is an ecosystem , the largest and most complex in the known universe .
We ’ve been lucky over the last 10,000 years or so to have experienced a period of significant stability , a time when temperatures , precipitation levels , and atmospheric composition have stayed remarkably consistent .
This Holocene Epoch , as it is called , has allowed human civilization to arise and flourish .
Unfortunately , the rapid growth of our cities and our industries is producing an impact that threatens to destabilize the complex ecosystem that supports us .
We may be reaching a tipping point where we will be unable to control the runaway effects that could undo all that we ’ve managed to build in the last ten millennia .
Human civilization has had a stable childhood .
Over the past 10,000 years , as our ancestors invented agriculture and built cities , the Earth remained relatively stable .
The average global temperature fluttered slightly , never lurching towards a greenhouse climate or chilling enough to enter a new Ice Age .
The pH of the oceans remained steady , providing the right chemical conditions for coral reefs to grow and invertebrates to build shells .
Those species , in turn , helped support a stable food web that provided plenty of fish for us humans to catch .
The overall stability of the past 10,000 years may have played a big part in humanity ’s explosion .
Now , ironically , civilization has become so powerful that it can reshape the planet itself .
“ We have become a force to contend with at the global level , ” as Johan Rockstrom of the Stockholm Resilience Center in Sweden , puts it .
Humans have changed the chemistry of Earth ’s oceans , lowering their pH and causing ocean acidification .
We are shifting the composition of the atmosphere , raising levels of carbon dioxide higher than they ’ve been in at least the past 800,000 years .
That ’s Carl Zimmer , in an article for NOVA Science .
He continues :
A number of scientists have warned in recent years that if we keep pushing the planet this way , we will cause sudden , irreversible damage to the systems that made human civilization possible in the first place .
Typically , they ’ve just focused on one of these tipping points at a time .
But in today ’s issue of the journal Nature , Rockstrom and 27 of his fellow environmental scientists argue that we have to conceive of many tipping points at once .
They propose that humans must keep the planet in what they call a “ safe operating space , ” inside of which we can thrive .
If we push past the boundaries of that space — by wiping out biodiversity , for example , or diverting too much of the world ’s freshwater — we risk catastrophe .
The Earth has nine biophysical thresholds beyond which it cannot be pushed without disastrous consequences .
Ominously , we have already moved past three of these tipping points .
One of the key tipping points those scientists highlight is biodiversity loss : the depletion of species through mass extinction .
That ’s the subject of a recent opinion piece in the Los Angeles Times by Jeff Corwin , the author of 100 Heartbeats , The Race to Save Earth ’s Most Endangered Species .
He says :
There is a holocaust happening .
Right now .
And it ’s not confined to one nation or even one region .
It is a global crisis .
Species are going extinct en masse .
Every 20 minutes we lose an animal species .
If this rate continues , by century ’s end , 50 % of all living species will be gone .
It is a phenomenon known as the sixth extinction .
The fifth extinction took place 65 million years ago when a meteor smashed into the Earth , killing off the dinosaurs and many other species and opening the door for the rise of mammals .
Currently , the sixth extinction is on track to dwarf the fifth .
Corwin points out that there are many factors contributing to this dangerous decline in diversity , including overpopulation , loss of habitat , global warming , and species exploitation .
The black market for rare animal parts is the third - largest illegal trade in the world , outranked only by weapons and drugs , he says .
He emphasizes that our concern should extend well beyond a few beloved species :
It ’s important to understand that this is not just a race to save a handful of charismatic species — animals to which we attach human - inspired values or characteristics .
Who would n’t want to save the sea otter , polar bear , giant panda or gorilla ?
These striking mammals tug at our heartstrings and often our charitable purse strings .
But our actions need to be just as swift and determined when it comes to the valley elderberry longhorn beetle or the distinctly uncuddly , pebbly - skinned Puerto Rican crested toad or the black - footed ferret , whose fate is inextricably intertwined with that of the prairie dog .
The reality is that each species , no matter how big , small , friendly or vicious , plays an important and essential role in its ecosystem .
And we ’re in a race to preserve as much of the animal kingdom as possible .
Meanwhile , around the planet there are massive die - offs of amphibians , the canaries in our global coal mine .
When frogs and other amphibians , which have existed for hundreds of millions of years , start to vanish , it is a sign that our natural world is in a state of peril .
Bat and bee populations are also being decimated .
Without bees , there will be no pollination , and without pollination , the predator that is decimating these other species — humankind — will also be headed toward its own extinction .
Yes , there is a certain irony there .
A major contributing factor to the shocking rate of species depletion that we ’re witnessing is rapidly increasing ocean acidification .
And , once again , this changing variable is largely a result of human activity :
Oceans absorb about 25 percent of the world ’s greenhouse gases pumped into the atmosphere from human activities each year , says a new U.N. report released at the Copenhagen talks this week .
That helps slow global warming in the atmosphere , the focus of the Copenhagen talks .
But carbon dissolving in oceans also forms carbonic acid , raising waters ’ acidity that damages all manner of hard - shelled creatures , and setting off a chain reaction that threatens the food chain supporting marine life .
By 2100 , the report said , some 70 percent of cold water corals — a key refuge and feeding ground for commercially popular fish that also are food for seals and otters — will be exposed to the harmful effects .
Ocean acidity could increase 150 percent just by mid-century , according to the report by the Secretariat of the U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity .
“ This dramatic increase is 100 times faster than any change in acidity experienced in the marine environment over the last 20 million years , giving little time for evolutionary adaptation within biological systems , ” it said .
The average acidity of oceans ’ surface water is estimated to increase measurably by the end of the century and will affect marine life , according to Peter Brewer , a senior scientist at the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute .
“ The total quantity of carbon dioxide that we ’ve put into the oceans today is around 530 billion tons , ” Brewer told journalists on a fall fellowship program with the Honolulu - based East - West Center .
“ Now , it ’s going up at about 1 million tons an hour .
You ca n’t keep doing that without it having some impact . ”
Dead Sea
Here ’s the real problem .
If we ca n’t succeed in slashing our global carbon dioxide outputs within the next decade or two , then global warming could reach a tipping point where the only way to prevent the worst impacts of climate change — droughts , floods , killer storms , pestilence , crop failures , pandemics , disastrous sea level rise , and hundreds of millions of climate refugees — will be seen as many to be an all - out effort at geoengineering .
And the irony is that the most popular schemes for geoengineering — those most likely to be attempted — will either do nothing to reduce ocean acidification , or in some cases could even make it worse .
We ’re damned if we do and damned if we do n’t .
Techno -rapturists among our reading audience might be quick to respond with glib answers about miraculous nanotechnology solutions that are just around the corner , or the promise of a superintelligent friendly AI who can take over everything and solve all our troubles just like Daddy would .
Unfortunately , all those naive fantasies of easy fixes run smack up against the actuality of human politics , economics , greed , inertia , and the seemingly intractable difficulties of producing sudden dramatic improvements in the morass of a messy real world .
The best we can hope for is significant , meaningful , but incremental change .
It ’s not as alluring as dreams of utopia , but if we want a better future for ourselves and our children — or , more realistically , a future that ’s not considerably worse — we have to focus on what can be done and get to work on that .
Illustration : Stuart Bradford
Is your Palm
Pre spying on you and sending your GPS coordinates and more back to the Palm mothership on a daily basis ?
According to mobile application developer Joey Hess , that 's exactly what is happening .
He asserts on his personal blog that data on the location and app used on the Palm's Pre smartphone is being sent to Palm .
The report of Palm snooping on its customers is growing in volume within the blogosphere with many taking the allegations seriously .
To be clear the allegation can not be confirmed .
Palm responded to our request for comment with this statement :
" Palm takes privacy very seriously , and offers users ways to turn data collecting services on and off .
Our privacy policy is like many policies in the industry and includes very detailed language about potential scenarios in which we might use a customer 's information , all toward a goal of offering a great user experience .
For instance , when location based services are used , we collect their information to give them relevant local results in Google Maps .
We appreciate the trust that users give us with their information , and have no intention to violate that trust . "
Hess says he took a close look at the code in his Pre 's WebOS and found that the phone was periodically sending information to Palm .
Some of this data is fairly benign , such as information on WebOS crashes .
Things get a little freakier , however , if you believe Hess when he asserts Palm is gathering users '
GPS information , along with data on every app used , and for how long you used it .
This information gets uploaded to Palm on a daily basis , Hess claims .
Without the capability to hack into WebOS , there does n't seem to be a way to disable this alleged communication , Hess says .
According to Palm 's terms and conditions for the WebOS there is nothing that mentions this exact type of data collection and reporting .
However , a section of Palm 's terms does say it has the right to " collect , store , access , disclose , transmit , process , and otherwise use your Registration Data , account or Device information , " and may also do the same with your location data to provide location services .
The terms also note that Palm can disclose " any information " to law enforcement authorities , so keep that in mind if you 're on the run from the law .
Compared to the iPhone , which allows users to block location tracking by switching off the phone 's " Location Services , " Palm seems to be prying from the moment you turn on the phone 's map service .
Lauren Weinstein , co-founder of People for Internet Responsibility , said he 's still collecting information and did n't want to comment on Hess ' report until he could confirm it .
But Weinstein says he 's generally wary of usage terms and conditions that allow data collection , especially if the user can't opt out through the device .
He said location data is particularly sensitive , because it can be requested or subpoenaed .
" Any time there 's automatic reporting that includes what users are doing , and there has n't been some kind of affirmative acknowledgment ... that opens up some questions , " he said .
Apartment vacancies hit a 30 - year high in the fourth quarter , and rents fell as landlords scrambled to retain existing tenants and attract new ones .
The vacancy rate ended the year at 8 % , the highest level since Reis Inc. , a New York research firm that tracks vacancies and rents in the top 79 U.S. markets , began its tally in 1980 .
Rents fell 3 % last year , according to Reis , led by declines in San Jose , Calif. , Seattle , San Francisco and other cities that had brisk growth until the recession .
In New York City , the vacancy rate improved by 0.1 percentage point for the second straight quarter , but around 60 % of rental buildings dropped their rents in the fourth quarter from the previous quarter .
Effective rents -- which include concessions such as one month of free rent -- fell 5.6 % in New York last year , the worst since Reis began tracking the data in 1990 .
Landlords now must entice tenants to renew leases .
" We 'll shampoo their carpets .
We 'll paint accent walls .
We 'll add Starbucks cards , " said Richard Campo , chief executive of Camden Property Trust , a Houston - based real - estate investment trust that owns 63,000 units .
He said the first half of 2010 should be " pretty ugly , " but was optimistic the sector would pick up later in the year .
Kyle Terada / US
Presswire In October at the Presidents Cup , Tiger Woods and wife Elin looked like a happy couple at the Harding Park Golf Course in San Francisco .
In October at the Presidents Cup , Tiger Woods and wife Elin looked like a happy couple at the Harding Park Golf Course in San Francisco .
If you missed Part 1 of my take on the " Tiger Zoo , " click here .
In Part 2 , it 's time for an all - Tiger mailbag , only the second time I have ever devoted an entire mailbag to one athlete .
The other ?
It was Tom Brady .
Just 15 months ago .
After Bernard Pollard well you know .
As always , these are actual e-mails from actual readers .
Q : First the initial reports of Tiger 's alleged infidelity .
Then the crazy car accident .
Now 10 days later his mistress list is allegedly up to nine ( and counting ) , plus wild rumors of him drinking before his accident as well as using Ambien and Vicodin .
I would not be shocked by any Tiger rumor or story anymore .
Is this the fastest anyone has fallen into the Tyson Zone ?
-- Sahadev , Chicago
SG : See , I 'd go even further
Q : You have discussed the Tyson Zone for a while now , but with what has happened with Tiger Woods , who is in your Anti-Tyson Zone ?
Athletes who you are completely shocked to see in these kinds of situation ?
-- Jeramy , Muncie , Ind .
SG : That 's the wrinkle we needed !
On paper , yes : Tiger belongs in the Tyson Zone because the stories have gotten so loony so fast .
But I like Jeramy 's wrinkle better .
Tiger deserves his own zone :
The Tiger Zone , for athletes who vault into the Tyson Zone even as people are in disbelief that it 's happening .
Is n't that more impressive than the Tyson Zone itself ?
I expect Ron Artest , Stephen Jackson and John Daly to end up in the Tyson Zone .
But Tiger ?
Not in a million years .
If you and nine friends had a fantasy draft in mid-November for " Who 's the next athlete to end up in the Tyson Zone ? " would Tiger have gone in the first 50 rounds ?
He deserves his own zone just for that .
Q : Amidst all the talk of image consultants and PR rehab for Tiger , have n't we missed the obvious solution : that he should go all the way in the other direction and become a WWE - type heel ?
Picture it : Tiger dumps Elin and the kids , moves into a penthouse suite at the Wynn or the Palms , grows a short - cropped Hollywood Hogan - style beard , sleeps his way through starlets and party girls and heads back to the Tour in annihilation mode .
Women would start showing up at events to boo him , men would ( secretly ) cheer him , as he leaves nothing but destruction and mayhem in his wake .
And if you 're Tiger , what sounds more fun -- a decade of apologies , microscopically short leashes , the embarrassment of getting axed by sponsors , and no hope for business time with Elin , or just living the dream ?
-- Name withheld ( because my wife would divorce me for even thinking about this ) , New York City
SG : I can only tell you this :
That would have been one of the five funniest " South Park " episodes ever .
Q : With Tiger in shambles , any chance Jack Nicklaus is sitting on the couch right now with a little smile on his face ?
With maybe a bottle of champagne on the table , a la the ' 72 Dolphins ?
-- Burns , NYC
SG : Absolutely .
Even two weeks later , I still picture Jack high - fiving family members and reacting like he just sank the putt on 17 at Augusta in 1986 .
And deep down , you know he wants to scream , " He might win more majors than me , but I never did THAT ! " Gotta love the Golden Bear .
Q : You joked that Tiger broke two of the rules of Cheating 101 .
Are there more rules than those two ?
I am just curious .
-- Kelly , Tarzana , Calif .
SG : I attacked this from a different direction : Studying Tiger 's pattern of behavior as a laundry list of things NOT to do if you were ( allegedly ) cheating on your wife .
I came up with nine in all .
Rule No. 1 : Never say your own name on an answering machine .
Rule No. 2 : Never leave a message on an answering machine that 's longer than four words .
Rule No. 3 : Never get involved with a girl whose name ends with two n's or two e's , or a girl who has a name with two k's or two x's back to back .
Rule No. 4 : Use a password for your BlackBerry at all times , and do n't pick a password your wife could hack easily like " TIGER " or " GROWL . "
Rule No. 5 : Text only from your friend 's phones and phones that can't be traced back to you .
If drug dealers could successfully pull this off on " The Wire , " so can you .
Rule No. 6 : Do n't hook up with a porn star or someone who wants to be on a reality show , because either of those things means they will do anything to become famous or make a few bucks .
Rule No. 7 : Do n't hook up with anyone who has a tattoo bigger than a softball on her lower back .
Rule No. 8 : Do n't cheat on your wife with people who look like your wife , because it will make your real wife feel like you thought she came off an assembly line .
Rule No. 9 : Do n't cheat in the first place .
( Important note : My lawyer urged me to include that last one . )
Q : We know that Tiger is one of two men in the conversation for " most dominant athlete of our time " status ( the other being Roger Federer ) .
We know he will probably eclipse Jack 's 18 majors someday and make a billion dollars .
But he may also be the biggest threat to another hallowed sports mark : Wilt Chamberlain 's 20,000 women .
He 's only 33 .
I think he 's the only true threat to The Stilt , right ?
-- Joe , Philly
SG : Let 's not get carried away .
Tiger was n't allegedly doing anything different than hundreds of celebrities and athletes were doing .
It 's a whole secret society that one of my connected friends jokingly calls " The Red Rope Club . "
Ropes get lifted , celebs stride through with their chests puffed out , paid connections bring over women to make it more of a party , money starts flying around , bottle service is ordered and occasionally stuff happens .
None of this means Tiger was the next Wilt , or even more of a horndog than other current celebs who run in the same circles .
For the media to pretend otherwise is disingenuous .
Especially when it looked the other way with almost everyone else .
Semi-related point :
In the recent episode of " Joe Buck Live , " Floyd Mayweather , Michael Strahan and Mark Wahlberg were inexplicably thrown on stage together for a few minutes .
What happens in December 2009 when four people who have little in common have to fill time on live TV ?
Naturally , the conversation drifts to Tiger .
Wahlberg makes an innocuous but revealing joke , talking about how Tiger ruined it for everyone else and saying that now everyone 's wife and girlfriend is checking their cell phones .
Everyone laughs .
You know what was really funny ?
This could n't be more true .
Remember when that idiot shoe bomber Richard Reid tried to blow up his shoes on an airplane ?
He failed , yet for the past eight years we 've had to take our shoes off during the boarding process .
This incompetent dimwit cost us who knows how many hours of our time by FAILING to blow up a plane .
I hate him every time I 'm standing barefoot in an airport .
Anyway , Tiger is the Richard Reid of wealthy celebrity horndogs .
By failing , and by making some of the dumbest moves in the history of adultery , Tiger ruined things for more than a few celebrity horndogs .
At least for a few months .
With the O.J. saga , the sub - story was domestic violence .
With Tiger , it 's going to be this ritzy ( and lucrative ) world of celebrity debauchery .
You watch .
Miami , Vegas , Manhattan , Hollywood a big shiny spotlight is about to be turned on you .
( This is just one of the reasons I think ESPN should launch a nightly show at midnight on ESPN2 called " The Tiger Zoo , " a little like the way " Nightline " was spawned during the Iran hostage crisis .
You 're telling me we could n't fill 22 minutes of content every night ?
Or that the ratings would n't be good ?
I watched Herm Edwards on Wednesday morning 's " SportsCenter " venting about Tiger with advice like , " He does n't need any sponsors !
He does n't need any more money !
This guy needs someone to help him with his life ! " and " Shame on the people who watched this guy go down this road and did n't tell him , ' You know what ?
DON'T GO DOWN THAT ROAD !' "
You 're telling me he could n't co-host " The Tiger Zoo " every night ?
We can't build on this ? )
Q : Is there any chance Tiger plays the sex addiction card ?
Also , is it too late for Playboy and ESPN to team up for a Tiger - related " 30 for 30 " ?
-- Rick Casagrande , New York
Good idea .
We 're frantically scheduling a " 30 for 30 " meeting at the Playboy Mansion for Friday , 11 p.m .
( Whoops , that 's how Tiger got into trouble .
Let 's make that 11 a.m. )
But clearly this has reached the point that he has to play an addiction card to win back some public empathy , and really , you do n't exactly have 52 cards to choose from here .
Gambling , sex , drugs , drinking , eating , painkillers , porn that 's about it .
America is always more forgiving when the word " addiction " is introduced .
That is what hurt Michael Vick : Because he could n't say he was addicted to fighting dogs , he did n't have an out .
He just seemed like a mean , inhumane guy .
Hey , speaking of " 30 for 30 "
Q : I just got the new Golf Digest in the mail .
Did you see the cover ?
It may be the best example of unintentional comedy ever .
You have Obama lining up a putt and Tiger standing behind him as his caddy .
The headline reads , " 10 Tips Obama Can Take From Tiger . "
To make this even better , Tiger answers a question from a reader that asks him how life is on the road now that he has a family .
-- John , Hull , Mass .
SG : It 's the single funniest magazine cover since Sports Illustrated 's " Sportsman of the Year " cover of McGwire and Sosa .
I also think it 's going to have legs when you consider the date ( January 2010 ) and the headline itself .
What could be a stranger and more improbable combo given the timing ?
Clinton and O.J. in July 1994 ?
What an incredible stroke of bad luck ( for Obama ) and good luck ( for everyone else ) .
Although I think even Obama would find this funny .
I am almost positive .
You know what would be a better cover for a magazine ?
" 10 Tips Tiger Could Have Used From Dan Klores . "
If you do n't know Klores , he was the best PR guy in New York for years before becoming a filmmaker .
Just recently , his " 30 for 30 " documentary about Reggie Miller was accepted to Sundance .
Dan Klores should have been
Tiger 's first phone call when this story broke .
Dan Klores should be everyone 's first phone call when anything breaks .
Klores offers these three rules for any athlete who fancies himself a philanderer : " Have no more than one girlfriend at a time if you stay married but keep doing what you were doing , " " Have no more than three girlfriends at a time if you become single " and " Renegotiate your prenup the moment you trick yourself into thinking you 're in love . "
Since Tiger is apparently well past that point , Klores offers six other tips :
1 . If you can't tell your wife the truth from the get - go , recognize immediately that you should n't marry again , and that the grass is n't always greener from the other side .
2 . Hit the links , start giving huge bucks to African - American charities , show up at church , double your dose of Viagra and use it for your wife , understand " it 's never going to be the same , " see a shrink two to three times per week minimum , do Larry King , then a few weeks later do Leno .
3 . Demand your money back from The Enquirer , and demand your money back from any of the girlfriends .
4. Ignore every so - called " crisis communication " expert who sought a headline by claiming you did n't get out in front of the story , because they have obviously never been caught cheating on their wives .
5 . Attend the NBA All - Star Weekend 's slam dunk contest .
6 . Tell the world that Sarah Palin is an idiot so at least 52.9 percent of Americans will agree with you .
Q : Do you think that after Tiger pulled out of his own tournament following intense marital strife , Al Michaels could have aptly stated that Tiger was " out with a wife " ?
-- Charlie H. , New York
SG : Absolutely .
That was one of my favorite wrinkles of this whole saga :
Tiger pulling out of his own tournament , then NBC pretending like this was n't the elephant in the room for the entire weekend .
Although maybe they were afraid to say the words " Tiger pulled out " in any context .
Four other underrated wrinkles from the Tiger Zoo :
1 . Should we have really been surprised that a dude named Eldrick who went by the nickname " Tiger " turned out to be something of a cad ?
Let 's say you show up for college freshman year and meet everyone on your floor .
One guy introduces himself by saying " Hi , I 'm Tiger " and follows that up with , " I 'm here on a golf scholarship . "
Is this someone you would have trusted with your younger sister or girlfriend - you - were - on - a - break - with at 2:30 a.m. after a few drinks ?
I bet not .
You do n't think this exchange would happen ?
Buddy : " Yo , where 's your sis ?
She was bombed . "
You : " She 's fine , she 's hanging out with Tiger , the captain of the golf team . "
2 . The Sports Gal is excited to watch golf majors now .
Why ?
So she can root against Tiger .
She hates him now .
( Note : I 'm not saying it 's rational , just passing it along . )
What if there are more women out there like her ?
Can you think of another incident that gave female non-sports fans a reason to start watching a sport ?
I feel like my wife would root against Tiger during the Ryder Cup at this point .
Stay tuned .
3 . When Vanity Fair does a splashy , 12 - page investigative feature on this scandal in a few months -- and you know it 's coming -- I think IMG ( Tiger 's agency ) will be revealed as a bumbling group of nitwits on par with the Watergate burglars , the people who ran the ABA , the brain trust behind the 2007 screen writer 's strike and every Washington bureaucrat who believed anyone else over Jack Bauer .
I particularly liked the alleged plan to throw The National Enquirer 's parent company an exclusive interview with Men's Fitness in exchange for the Enquirer dropping a damaging Tiger story two years ago .
Like that was n't going to eventually come out .
What 's wrong with these people ?
4 . We knew the count would climb quickly for bimbettes claiming to have gone a few holes with Tiger .
Right around No. 8 or No. 9 , one of them claimed that Tiger was a 12 out of 10 in bed .
Maybe this is true .
But if I were Tiger , I would have paid someone to say that .
Once that alleged hookup number climbed past six , nobody cares about the final tally , anyway .
What 's the difference between 15 and 16 ?
So why not pay someone relatively early to establish that you 're great in bed ( and possess other traits as well ) ?
Do n't you want to beat to the punch any disgruntled hookup who might say differently ?
Wait , am I saying this out loud ?
Q : What is the stupidest theory you 've thrown at somebody during Tiger 's scandal that could be somewhat believed ?
Mine was that Tiger was found snoring because he ate too much turkey on Thanksgiving and turkey makes you tired .
-- Gerry , Rye , New York
SG : I have told numerous people that you could talk me into the " Mrs. Tiger chasing him out of the house and breaking the windows as he was driving away " theory for one reason :
She 's Nordic .
And Nordic women , by nature , are icy , tough - as - nails , family - oriented women who would react angrily in Mrs. Tiger 's situation .
Do I have any real evidence of this ?
Of course not !
I think I have met three Nordic people in my life .
I have no idea what they are like .
It just sounds good .
It 's a fun theory .
Do n't mess with Nordic women .
You know who Nordic women married back in the days ?
Vikings .
Would you mess with a Viking ?
No .
They are one notch behind Sicilian women on the " Spouses You Don't Want To Mess With " scale .
Again , I have no evidence of this .
It 's all generalization .
The important thing is that I believe it .
Just like Gerry believes in his turkey theory .
Q : If you could put any sports figure under the lie detector and drill him with questions , who would it be ?
Bonds and possible steroids ?
Lance and possible enhancers ?
Tiger and why his bombshell wife had to free him from his SUV with a golf club at 2:30 in the morning ?
-- Cole T. , Japan
SG : David Stern .
With Jack Bauer interrogating him .
Did you suspend MJ for gambling ?
DID YOU SUSPEND MJ FOR GAMBLING ??? ? "
Q : I doubt I 'm the only one who thought this and I know it 's all speculation at this point , but my first reaction to the Tiger Woods " accident " was " he 's been spending way too much time with MJ and Barkley . "
Ca n't you picture them giving Tiger endless crap for skipping out on a party because he has to get home to the kids ?
Tiger 's cool and all , but he 's not NBA - superstar cool .
-- Mike R. , Ann Arbor , Mich .
SG : You just nailed an essential component to this story : the School of MJ .
Jordan is that buddy our wives and girlfriends hate .
The one who 's always trying to get you to go to Vegas , the one who keeps you out until 7 a.m. , the one who spends ungodly amounts of money and expects you to keep up , the one who indulges in every vice to excess .
In 2001 , I was told by someone I trusted that Antoine Walker ( whom MJ had taken under his wing ) would go bankrupt trying to keep up with Jordan .
He did .
Again , MJ is a man of excess .
And Tiger had the background of a child actor or a hotshot tennis player who was hitting 10 hours of balls a day from ages 6 to 18 , the son of a military dad , who obviously was n't letting off a ton of steam in his formative years .
Throwing him to MJ 's crew was like throwing young Bud Fox into Gordon Gekko's world .
And look how that ended .
Q : Tiger is getting absolutely crushed by the media .
Do you think he responds by going in full " eff you " mode this season on the tour ?
Over / under on three majors ?
-- Jake , Miami
SG : Best sports question in a long time .
Here 's my prediction
1 . Tiger finally responds publicly , plays the apology / addiction card to a tee , then disappears for a few months .
He stays married and goes to counseling .
His wife stays with him for now .
So do his sponsors .
2 . Tiger returns in February in what will invariably be the biggest sports " comeback " since Jordan returned to the Bulls in March 1995 .
What we forget is that he 's coming back to golf , a sport that does n't allow much booing or heckling .
So either the galleries will be super - supportive or there will be a nonstop awkward vibe along the lines of how it feels when a family outcast randomly shows up for a holiday meal .
3 . In the words of T.J. Lavin , I think he kills it .
Great athletes have a way of channeling their emotions into a specific game , fight or match .
Ali beat Foreman in Zaire with his life falling apart .
Jordan played out of his mind in the 1993 playoffs with his personal life spiraling out of control .
Brett Favre had that famous Monday night game right after his pops died .
The list goes on .
I am predicting Eff You mode along the lines of the 2007 Pats in those first few games after Spygate broke .
4 . The galleries will root for him because fans are suckers and we love nothing more than a great comeback .
Especially if Tiger is contrite .
( And I think he will be . )
And also because the PGA will be tasering anyone who even starts to scream " CHEATER !!!!!!! " or anything of that ilk .
5 . Assuming the previous four things happen , how great is the 2010 Masters going to be ?
What chain of events would have to happen for you to miss it ?
What kind of rating will it get ?
Will it be like the Saints - Pats game in New Orleans last week , only for the entire country , and 67 percent of all TV sets will be tuned in ?
Will the gallery be rooting for or against Tiger ?
And what happens if Tiger wins ???
What will be Jim Nantz 's pre-prepared one - liner as the tournament - winning putt drops in ?
( I bet it 's not this one : " The Tiger is back on the prowl ! " )
What will be the funniest pre-prepared one - liner from Nantz in that same situation ?
( I vote for this : " Huge quickly TIGER ! " )
How great would the post - tournament ceremony be as Angel Cabrera fits Tiger for the 2010 green jacket with Nantz grinning maniacally in the background ?
Would we have to take a work holiday on Monday to properly digest everything ?
6 . I can't wait for this .
All of it .
You thought Favre coming back to Lambeau was big ?
What about Tiger coming back to Augusta ?
And what if he 's winning tournaments and leaving a trail of conquests behind him ?
( Um , by conquests , I mean golfers . )
I can't wait .
Eventually , all the soap opera stuff will fade away and this will turn into one of the more compelling sports stories in recent memory .
Eventually .
Q : Until this week , I never knew Tiger took the " Just Do It " mantra so literally .
-- Cliff , Fall River , Mass .
SG : That was the most common Tiger / Nike joke over the past two weeks , narrowly edging readers begging for someone to splice one of Nike 's old Tiger ads with shots of disgraced cheaters like Eliot Spitzer , Mark Sanford and LeAnn Rimes speaking as " I am Tiger Woods " is dubbed over their voices .
Q : With the Woods mess in the news , I am reminded of how I feel about him -- amazed at his skill , but not a fan .
He has modeled his life and career after his hero , Michael Jordan , and I felt the same way about him .
It got me to thinking about what Jordan has created , the mega - sports star with huge endorsement clout that we marvel at but do n't necessarily like .
At the very least we are indifferent to many of sports ' biggest stars .
Think about this list : Jordan , Woods , Kobe , Federer , Jimmie Johnson , Beckham .
All worldwide money machines , but how do we really feel about them ?
Indifferent .
Arnold Palmer was the first modern - day mega-star and paved the way in the endorsement business for an athlete who was real AND likeable .
Who is today 's Arnie ?
Do we have one ?
-- Matt , Phoenix
SG : Well , LeBron is n't quite ready yet .
I think it will be him soon .
But for now right now I mean this kills me to say it but is n't it Peyton Manning ?
( I will now pretend that my face is the back window of a Cadillac Escalade and try to break it with a 9 - iron . )
Q : I 'd love to see you talk about Tiger 's issues in light of your long - standing observation about how much more private and controlled ( from a PR standpoint ) athletes are today than they used to be .
My take on Tiger -- the more you control your image , the more ravenous the media is when something even somewhat salacious comes to light .
Granted , this stuff is really crude , but I can't help thinking that if Tiger had n't been so Soviet - like with his personal life , that the tabloids would n't be so out of control in pursuit of the story .
-- David , Portland , Ore .
SG : Probably true .
And there has definitely been a twinge of " Ha ha , you made it clear for this entire decade that you did n't need us , now watch this ! " to many of the columns , radio rants and TV rants .
But why do media members resent him so much for " controlling " his image ?
Would n't you if you were him ?
What obligation does he have to sit down with any magazine writer or author who wants to talk to him ?
So they can make money off him ?
How is that part of the deal of being a pro golfer ?
Even if Tiger was Soviet - like with his personal life , could n't you say the same about Jack Nicholson these past 30 years ?
Do n't a bunch of celebrities play that card ?
How can anyone look into a TV camera with a straight face and say the media would n't be covering this so gleefully if he had " played ball " a little more ?
Really ?
They would have backed off from a car crash , a possible domestic violence cover - up and skanky women coming out of the woodwork like termites ?
The larger point : Media members keep pushing the theme that the Tiger Zoo proves our society is more celebrity - obsessed and scandal - obsessed than ever .
Have n't we always been this way ?
Yeah , we have celebs getting sneak - attacked outside clubs with camera phones , and nobody can take their garbage out anymore without a neighbor snapping a picture .
But it 's not like the '90s were n't just as crazy :
In the span of three years , we had the O.J. trial and Princess Di getting killed by paparazzi , for God 's sake .
Going back further , we drove Michael Jackson crazy , and Elvis before him , and Marilyn Monroe before them .
This is what we do to superstars .
We do n't let them feel normal for a second , and eventually they stop feeling normal and start acting crazy which is exactly when we start making fun of them .
They can't win .
This is why so many of them " shut us out , " so to speak .
Fame can and will cause you to lose perspective .
For instance , at an US Weekly " Young Hollywood " party a few weeks ago , Levi Johnston showed up with four bodyguards .
The lead bodyguard tried to cut the line of people waiting outside the club .
The person running the line told the bodyguard they'd have to wait .
The bodyguard said , " Do you know who this is ?
This is Levi Johnston .
He 's in Playgirl this month .
Levi Johnston do n't wait in no line ! "
You know what happened ?
Levi ended up waiting in line .
But that 's what fame does .
Even someone like Levi Johnston -- a nobody , an opportunist , someone who became famous only because he knocked up his high school girlfriend in Alaska -- can spend three weeks being famous and suddenly think he does n't have to wait in a line .
Did we underestimate the effects of fame in his formative years on Tiger ?
Become famous at an early age and invariably you " mature " into someone who can't remember anything other than being famous .
Most ( if not all ) of your interactions are with people who are impressed by you or want something from you .
You do n't have to win anyone over .
You do n't have to work on being a better person , or funnier , or nicer , or anything .
You do n't want to make new friends because you can't tell if any prospective friends want to be friends because you 're who you are , so you end up gravitating toward other famous people , most of whom are just as messed up as you .
You can get away with almost any indiscretion and be forgiven .
Your only responsibility is to stay yourself , but you became this twisted , self - aware version of you without even knowing it .
And that 's when the trouble starts .
We expected Tiger to handle everything well .
Maybe we expected too much .
Of course
Q : The other night I was examining the Tiger Woods scenario , and it hit me .
Tiger Woods ' situation is exactly like that of Don Draper in " Mad Men . "
Both of their wives are beautiful .
They both have kids .
They 're both rich .
Both women found out from outside sources ( Betty from Jimmy Barrett , Tiger 's wife from his cell phone ) .
Am I crazy ?
-- Josh Peterson , Omaha
SG : Over the past two weeks , maybe six readers made that connection , and every time I was furious I did n't think of it first .
It 's a mildly mind - blowing analogy .
In Season 1 , Don Draper was the golden boy with the perfect life on paper who thought the rules did n't apply to him .
In Season 2 , everything fell apart and his web of secrets began to surface .
In Season 3 , the secrets finally came out .
Humbled , he tried to pick up the pieces , lost his family , lost his mojo to some degree and eventually ended up taking a huge career gamble .
Sound familiar ?
Like Draper , Tiger is the absolute best at what he does .
And like Draper , no matter how much turmoil there is , he will survive .
People will always forgive the best as long as they 're the best .
That 's just the way life works .
Throw in the moral component ( the husband and father who betrayed his family ) and that 's where these things get dicey for fans .
We only know Tiger the golfer .
Really , that 's all we want to know .
Whether his marriage heals or disintegrates is n't really our business .
But we are voyeurs when it comes to our favorite athletes .
They thrill us , keep us guessing , keep us on our toes , keep us watching .
During the average golf tournament , cameras capture every reaction and emotion from the closest of angles -- triumph , anguish , fury , frustration , panic , you name it -- which deceives us into thinking we know these guys better than we do .
How many times did you hear someone say " Can you believe Tiger did that ? " over these past two weeks .
Like we knew him .
And we did n't .
During the last episode of Season 1 , Don Draper gave a sales presentation to a camera company .
At this point , through 12 - plus episodes , the viewer was still trying to figure him out as a human being .
What 's important to him ?
What 's his background ?
What are his morals ?
Does he live by any code ?
He 's a hero and an anti-hero , the leading man who might be leading us astray .
Draper turns off the lights and shows a series of slides to the camera people , pitching them on an idea called " The Carousel . "
The angle is nostalgia .
The slides are pictures of his family .
Draper starts flicking through them , preys on their emotions and goes for the kill .
" In Greek , " he says , " nostalgia literally means ' the pain from an old wound . '
It 's a twinge in your heart , far more powerful than memory alone .
This device is n't a spaceship .
It 's a time machine .
It goes backward , forward .
It takes us to a place where we ache to go again . "
Now Draper finds himself getting pulled into the moment .
Here are these pictures of the perfect American family -- his family -- only he can't feel any connection to them at all .
Really , it 's more of a Perfect American Family On Paper .
They might as well be a new Cadillac or a house with a fence .
Just because your family looks perfect does n't mean you 're a family man .
The realization makes his eyes glisten .
Or so we think .
" It 's not called the wheel , " he continues , his speech slowing .
" It 's called the Carousel .
It lets us travel the way a child travels .
Round and around and back home again .
To a place where we know we 're loved . "
Draper clicks through the last slide .
It 's a picture of him and his blonde wife on their wedding day .
The end .
The rest of the room remains frozen in awe .
Even Draper seems a little choked up .
One of his co-workers ( who was having problems with his marriage ) hustles out of the room , fighting off tears .
The lights go on .
And just like that , Draper does n't seem so choked up anymore .
There 's a hint of a satisfied smile on his face .
Just for a second .
Was it a performance ?
Did he feel the connection ?
Was it a little of both ?
It 's the best scene in the history of the show .
It tells you everything you would ever want to know about Don Draper .
Only he knows how he felt , or if he was feeling anything at all .
But he should have been feeling something .
You could say the same thing about Tiger Woods , a public figure handling a decidedly private matter right now .
He needs a Carousel .
He needs to go backward .
He needs to go round and around and back home again .
And he can't .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com .
For every Simmons column , as well as podcasts , videos and more , check out Sports Guy 's World .
His new book , " The Book of Basketball " , is now available .
From clay to plastic we are experts
From clay to plastic , we are experts !
Deformed pipework in bedfordshire .
Very good service throughout both technicians were fantastic !
we would happily recommend halsalls to friends and family thank you !
The interim period refers to the duration from april till september .
Click here to visit our partner company for all of your restoration needs !
If you are considering installing a boiler , you need to consider our requirements for room temperatures .
I never new pepsi and coke were so useful !
These figures are guides only , and there ’s room for variation within that , depending on how big your rooms are , for example .
It is this increased efficiency that can save you an estimated £ a year * - a huge saving that can contribute towards the cost of a new boiler .
In deinem browser ist javascript deaktiviert möchtest du mit dem klassischen twitter weitermachen ?
You guys did a great job you responded quickly to my call and got the job done promptly and professionally your rate was reasonable thanks for the help .
Tile now available in our showroom !
Reg company name : a n checker ltd | reg address : victoria street staple hill bristol bs jp | reg no | vat no --.
What pre-hire questions should be posed to a plumber ?
Copyright first choice plumbing .
Received angie ’s list super service award !
We provide fast , dependable , quality plumbing service we respond quickly to your emergency plumbing needs our indy area plumbers are available hours a day at .
Have any problems with your water mains ?
I ) a - day sanitary course , and pass a written examination conducted by pub .
Click save and you are done !
Combi boilers from kw to kw , that can deliver a domestic hot water flow rate up to .
litres / minute .
If you are experiencing a plumbing emergency , or if you are just looking for a hour plumbing service , give us a call !
I just use the vinegar and baking soda and it worked immediately .
Received three different proposals for my water heater install asap was the most knowlegable and professional company out of the lot not only that but they did a spectacular job on the installation !
well done asap !
Get it installed by our specialist installers .
Do you have urgent problems with blocked toilets and drains , hot water systems , leaking taps or burst pipes ?
we can help you with this and much more !
Your property will be treated with respect we keep the work area neat and will clean up after the job is done .
First , the problem needs to be isolated once it is , the unit needs to be replaced .
Fabrication engineers make , install and repair metal products such as vents , handrails , boilers , aircraft and boat parts , or beams and girders for construction projects .
Our handy calculator makes calculating system efficiencies and generating package labels easy !
If there is no cleanout at the property line and water is standing in a clean out on your property , you should also contact the wastewater collection division .
Bob the plumber charges by the job , not the hour , which saves you money know the price before we do the work !
Depending on current work load and availability .
Received angie ’s list super service award !
Japan 's on - art corp 's eight metre tall dinosaur - shaped mechanical suit robot ' trx ' .
You saw the fellow who let you in at the school gates , plumber ?
If you do have a boiler where all or part of the flue can't be seen , then you or your landlord will need to arrange for inspection hatches to be fitted so the flue can be inspected .
My drain is not fom the kitchen sink , it is at the front of the house and is just rain water and dirt .
it takes ages to soak away .
what should i use ?
Boiler & central heating cover .
Anthony and jake came out and unclogged my drain !
did a great job , fast , and knowledgeable !
Our unique quotes actually give you installation packages to choose from depending on your requirements , all nicely presented , easy to follow with no jargon .
Every contractor i talked to said this is the best boiler they have installed !
Boiler pump replacement and regular servicing ) .
to drink orange juice ?
If this is your first repair , your boiler may not need replacing just yet compare the cost of the repair to the cost of replacing a repair averages between .
Sign up to be the first to hear about our amazing offers , events and competitions !
it 's real easy !
Aqueduct heating services specialise in services all type of baxi ...
Call us today for all your cooling needs !
Boiler skid packages provide complete boiler room solutions for commercial and industrial markets .
Heating expansion vessels are an essential item in any sealed heating system the vessel ...
The dc - , has won the eq award for the “ most innovative product ” at this year ’s innova-tion gauntlet .
What pre-hire questions should be posed to a plumber ?
The possibility of using two spare outputs r and r for various applications .
But when is the right time to replace your boiler , and what should you be looking for in a newer model ?
Get help in your preferred language .
Impeccable professionalism , very friendly , did a fantastic job !
i would highly recommend pat 's plumbing !
Any service call for first time customers , senior citizens , and veterans .
Making sure pipes have proper slope and the job is done right !
Hot water heat pump super easy to install ideal for homes and dairy farms renewable energy reduces bills reduced to clear .
The premier provider of essential home and commercial services and energy solutions .
Called early am , they answered and scheduled the only time that worked for me fixed everything in moments and i was very happy !
thank you !!
Fast service assured in bedfordshire .
All of our engineers are gas safe registered only gas safe registered engineers are allowed to do any work with gas , do n’t put your safety at risk with a cowboy who has no regard for you or your home !
We service the entire island of oahu .
Are you looking for cost efficient heating ?
I was very impressed with the professionalism of the staff they kept me informed of progress via phone as i was away while the work was being done . " .
Prompt , professional and efficient !
dante arrive a few minutes before schedule , and promptly got to work , getting the job done within an hour will definitely do business with this company again !
Pour the mixture down the drain , followed by cup heated .
Test your vocabulary with our - question quiz !
Returning to work ?
discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare .
What type of cctv survey do you require ?
I have read and accept the privacy policy and consent to first choice plumbing contacting me about my enquiry ( required ) .
Subscribe to america 's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search — ad free !
Sunday afternoon and the septic tank was backing up ..
Combi can you even still get traditional boilers ?
Tankless water heater installation .
Highly knowledgeable and helpful , guided me through the options at length i was guided to a renewable solution that pays for itself through rhi / fit and my bills are down £ a month thanks !
Asp kw phases output connection .
Here ’s a picture of louie because he ’s ace !
Order a plumber inc is a fully licensed and insured full - service .
We guarantee same day service if you call us before noon !
Um eine neue diskussion zu starten , müssen sie angemeldet sein anmeldung und nutzung des forums sind kostenlos .
Gas - fired wall - mounted condensing boiler with modulating stainless steel cylinder burner and inox - radial heat exchanger surface rated input : to mbh for residential homes and apartment units , new buildings and retrofits .
Did you find this review helpful ?
Once their projects are completed , the members log in to their accounts and complete a short cost survey .
Thanks for printing !
do n't forget to come back to cross and sons plumbing for fresh articles !
Business registered in england & wales .
Great customer service !
very trustworthy people !!
This varies from provider to provider so what we class as an emergency is not always one classed in the eyes of the provider .
London wcv , purley cr , sutton sm , carshalton sm , wallington sm , sanderstead cr , warlingham cr , beckenham br , thornton heath cr , norwood se , london cr and many more areas throughout the south east and surrey , emergency plumber london .
We 've teamed up with the association of plumbing and heating contractors ( aphc ) to show you the typical scenarios you might face and how much you should expect to pay .
Our professional and experienced plumbing engineers are able to take on all size jobs .
Request your fast , free quote today !
Forget the rest you 're the best !
thank you . " .
Service was great and i would highly recommend koegel to anyone if you need plumbing done they 're the ones to call !
There are several ways in which metro rod can help you with your drain surveys and sewer inspection .
Our specially trained online support team will work closely with our network of branches throughout the uk , whatever your query , we 're here to help !
Let ’s take a closer look at these factors … .
Wondering if your boiler needs repairing or replacing ?
Some drain issues require ongoing maintenance do n't wait for disaster to strike avoid it all together call hilton plumbing to learn how .
It 's so great to be able to keep drains clear without toxins !
Please provide the closest postcode for this location so we can process your order .
If you are experiencing a plumbing emergency , or if you are just looking for a hour plumbing service , give us a call !
A check our energy grants section to see if you ’re eligible for a free boiler replacement also use an online directory such as .
Do you need - hour cover in case of emergencies ?
Use our find a builder service to find an fmb member in your local area .
It 's the start of mini mse's half term in order to be the best daddy possible , im stopping work and going off line ?
Trust professional plumbing service , inc for all your plumbing needs call us at .
Did you find this review helpful ?
From deciding between different types of boilers to getting a good deal , here are frequently asked questions about boilers to help you make the right decision for your home .
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
Sign up for the coop@home newsletter now to benefit from exclusive newsletter rebates .
Do n’t miss this limited opportunity to replace your boiler or furnace with a more energy - efficient model and save !
If there is a problem with drains or overflowing manholes outside the boundary of your property the responsibility usually lies with .
Awesome service quick to respond !
thanks !
How do i use drain out bathroom in a regular bathtub , sink or shower drain ?
For evening , weekend or holiday service , please call .
Here ’s a picture of louie because he ’s ace !
Asp kw phases output connection .
Want to check a few things before you call us ?
For a no obligation estimate please call .
Making sure pipes have proper slope and the job is done right !
Is an authorized baxi dealer and has been serving the toronto , canada area for over years .
What does a landlord gas safety inspection include ?
Please enter your name & phone number so holly can call you back .
Is your boiler playing up ?
or is it just time to get a new a rated energy efficitent boiler ?
then why not give us a call ?
This thread is closed , therefore you are unable to respond .
Horizontal bars form the main design of the stelrad caliente creating a sleek and stylish look - perfect for bathrooms and living areas alike !
Simply choose the boiler and installation that ’s right for you – no pushy sales people , just honest advice .
If you or someone you know is deserving of this discount , just let us know and we will be happy to consider it !
The boiler at your property must have a power output of less than kw/ hr and be fired by natural gas ( and not lpg , electric or oil ) .
I was skeptical about the baking soda and vinegar treatment the first time i read about it , but sure enough , it works !
Flooding across a busy road takes priority over a residential street given the potential for disruption and danger to motorists and pedestrians .
We handle every plumbing project with the same professionalism and expertise you wo n’t be disappointed for choosing sal manzo plumbing and heating inc request your quote today !
Plumbing services in greater indianapolis , including carmel , fishers , & greenwood .
What does it do ?
should you switch your boiler to eco-mode ?
is it cheaper to fun than the standard setting ?
Help keep your home running smoothly with our range of cover options .
Drains tend to build up blockages over time , so when they need to be cleaned it is often sudden and important to fix our emergency drain cleaning service will be ready when you need us .
Is there anything wrong with this page ?
Meerkat movies trick : £ish gets for films for a year .
Our experts are here for all of your plumbing needs as well give us a call today to find out more !
It may not be as sexy as a new car and it definitely is n’t as cool as getting your mitts on a new console , but .
Call us today for all your cooling needs !
With next and same day delivery options .
How your kids can bag free lego , my little pony & ben goodies this weekend .
What type of tradesperson do you need ?
Conventional combis can still be erratic with hot water flow there is no airing cupboard to air clothes so you have to use a drier or radiators so wait days there is no back up water supply in a tank when the water goes off .
Do n’t let a leaking faucet raise your water bill we ’ll provide a solution on the first try !
Full central heating system boiler policies will include cover for any boiler repairs to things such as your radiators , pump and flue .
Please click below to play the video !
I have a cess pit , not septic tank can i use this ?
Little m toxicology emergencies in : cameron p , jelinek g , kelly a-m , brown a , little m , eds .
There may come a time when the cost of having an old , faulty or inefficient boiler prompts the question : should i get a new boiler ?
There are a few things that you need to ask the professional that you are hiring , such as .
What do you do if a pipe bursts ?
who do you turn to when you ’re looking for an emergency plumber vallejo to inspect a gas leak or unplug a stubborn drain that ’s suddenly clogged ?
For more information , check out .
Goshen plumbing & heating is here to make sure that your heating systems work efficiently , relaible and safely year round call us today for heating services !
A new boiler with a -rating is a relatively green way to heat your home .
All boilers come with a one - year warranty looking for even more headache - free years ?
And find out why we are considered the “ plumber referred by your friends ” .
Are there any downfalls to combi boilers ?
Bio -clean drain septic ( pounds ) , $ .
Can do will do well done guaranteed !
Nomination forms are now available for bovey tracey 's young citizen of the year award forms can be downloaded from .
With over years of helping our kirkland neighbors , we have built a reputation for providing fast and effective plumbing services whether you have a leaky pipe , broken hot water heater , or a clogged drain , when a plumbing emergency strikes you need help now .
Dann deaktivieren sie adblock für leo oder spenden sie !
If it is time to change your boiler , you need to decide what type of boiler is right for you here are some things to consider .
We would highly recommend all koegel plumbing services without hesitation !
Most residential homes will need boilers with an output range of , - , btus .
Are you looking for cost efficient heating ?
Your new furnace can provide you with years of comfort and efficiency , but only if it ’s installed to a quality standard check out these resources to learn more .
Improve financial performance and reduce carbon emissions with epa 's strategic energy management approach .
Looking for heating cover to protect your boiler and heating system ?
use the uswitch.com comparison service to compare plans and switch !
Do n't get lumbered with an awkward - to - use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead .
Make plumbing solutions your - hour emergency plumbing service company call now for your low - cost estimate !
The effect of these features on both heating costs and carbon emissions can be significant check out our .
This product has saved me $k !
We ’re offering a manufacturer - backed warranty up to years .
How big a plume are you likely to get from the condensate and where is it going to be situated ?
will it bother the neighbours because of where it is situated ?
Absolutely the area will be hosed down once we 've completed the drain works .
Kurt and dana are proud to offer friendly , professional service for every job with clear upfront pricing !
We stand behind our work , so we offer a warranty on all our products and services .
Hilton solve your blocked drain fast !
You will need to complete a plumbing course aimed at s/nvq level / qualification , or similar these courses are usually run by training providers , often called technical colleges .
It 's open to uk residents who are aged over and regularly employed for at least hours a week , self - employed , retired or on long - term disability benefit you 'll also need to pass a credit check when applying for the finance .
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
Any repair carried out under the terms of this warranty does not extend the warranty beyond its original period .
Is your network connection unstable or browser outdated ?
Be warned , you will be tied into your contract for years or more and the overall cost is likely to be far greater than the upfront cost of a new boiler .
We 're proud to do the right thing and participate in a wide range of community organizations and events .
Leak under your kitchen sink ?
leak through your ceiling ?
blocked toilet ?
We wo n’t send a salesman to try to sell add - on services you will get a free visit from a surveyor and a fixed price promise .
Why choose a worcester accredited installer ?
Be prepared with these clog - busting .
The baxi luna boiler system is a powerful , instantaneous , small , quiet , energy cost saving and environmentally friendly domestic appliance that offers .
Are is required before installing , altering , or repairing a nonexempt boiler or pressure vessel if an owner is performing the work , a permit is required if the vessel is located in areas described in oar - -( c ) .
Read what mners have to say about balneum scalp and skin care products !
£ voucher to be won for feedback !
Installation of the following oil systems should be carried out by a competent person .
Thanks for printing !
do n't forget to come back to cross and sons plumbing for fresh articles !
Mediamatters connects media companies with innovative startups out of more than registrations .
Do n’t let your garbage disposal fall into disrepair schedule competent service and keep a clean kitchen longer !
Please call us on and one of our team will be here to help , hours a day .
We could provide you with a fixed - price quote to give you an idea of the type of boiler that could be suitable for your home *** try our free quote tool today , it could take just seconds !
Serving metro detroit and surrounding southeast michigan communities .
Anytime plumbing works hard on every job !
Our associates are qualified to advise , visit us online or in store for unparalleled advice .
Where can i buy drain out bathroom ?
Could be a tonne of things get an engineeer to come and check it out likely a sensor fault , or circulation ( pump ) fault .
Very good service throughout both technicians were fantastic !
we would happily recommend halsalls to friends and family thank you !
Is it recommended to ask for references from a plumber ?
When booking your free quotation with mcs you can expect to have one of our trained installation engineers arrive promptly in order to guide you through what is involved in upgrading your system .
John baethke & son plumbing has completed more than , drain , pipe , sewer , and water heater jobs and we 're ready to help you next !
Public transport , driving , cycling , walking , travel cards & passes , school passes , travel news & updates .
Can drain out bathroom be used in a toilet ?
Should you need to arrange a service call or change a service appointment , we can immediately access our computerised database and bring up on screen your system 's service history and installation details .
Our unblocking teams are all trained in the use of the latest rodding and jetting equipment , so you can be sure of a quick , professional solution , whatever the blockage .
Received angie ’s list super service award !
Powerflushing your central heating system .
We used kil block on the bathroom waste the result was amazinggreat product great value !
Use our helpful tips to protect your home and business this winter .
Find out how to make a will , either on your own or with the help of a professional .
Whether your boiler is in or out of warranty , we can look after you .
Are you up for the b&m challenge ?
I am sure all the ideas provided were practical , logical , and result oriented .
Best of luck clearing up your drain and keeping it that way !
Getting lots of quotes serves many purposes it will not only give you a good ‘ ball - park ’ figure of the price you should be .
This product has saved me $k !
I got the impression that all of the repair people who work for this company have received the best training , so i would be happy to have any of them perform work for me ....
We service all of your residential plumbing needs !
Turned up on time despite atrocious weather conditions quickly sorted out the blockage . " .
Its portfolio of products is cleverly designed to provide integrated systems instead of just single products , offering lower energy bills and reduced carbon emissions .
Making sure pipes have proper slope and the job is done right !
Its portfolio of products is cleverly designed to provide integrated systems instead of just single products , offering lower energy bills and reduced carbon emissions .
Request your fast , free quote today !
Kentucky | indiana | ohio | tennessee | georgia | alabama .
Named one of the best companies to work for in new york !
If you do qualify for a boiler grant you will of course benefit from a more fuel efficient boiler so your winter fuel payment will stretch that little bit further .
Nest learns your heating habits and will automate to make sure your home is nice and cosy when you wake up we like that !
You are currently running an old version of ie , please upgrade for better performance .
Great service , fast and efficient !!
highly recommended !!
Welcome to morgan & partners plumbing and heatingfirstly thank you for taking the time to view my page my name is daniel morgan and i am a plumbing and heating engineer , i know ...
I have never met a more knowledgeable and efficient technician if you need appliance service , ask for matt !
If you can't clear the blockage yourself , you can report a .
A robot with a touch - screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the singapore international robo expo .
Today to discuss your boiler repair needs !
Whether you 're a current customer wanting to schedule a delivery or a new customer wanting to join the meenan family , from the coldest days of winter to the hottest days of summer , we 're always here to help .
Someone you can count on !
learn more about orrville plumbing & heating !
I am truly surprised at pepsi and coca - cola role in removing clog .
Find out which central heating cover is right for you with uswitch.com .
Heating and cooling your home is responsible for about % of your monthly utility bill ( and that ’s assuming everything is working properly ) in order ...
Sign up to be the first to hear about our amazing offers , events and competitions !
it 's real easy !
También se evitarán las molestas rejillas de ventilación que comprometen el aislamiento térmico de la vivienda .
Ford eebl emergency electronic brake lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the uk autodrive project at horiba mira proving ground in nuneaton , warwickshire .
Are you looking for cost efficient heating ?
Whether you ’re replacing the unit you have or upgrading your home with a new hvac accessory , we can help .
Great customer service !
very trustworthy people !!
All of the top unsecured personal loans .
Ensure that your boiler is happy and health with an annual boiler service get in touch to book with us today !
There are a few things that you need to ask the professional that you are hiring , such as .
Do you need - hour cover in case of emergencies ?
Our service does n't finish with a sale , we are always here for you to offer expert advice we 'll support you from registering your new product to booking an engineer visit .
Public transport , driving , cycling , walking , travel cards & passes , school passes , travel news & updates .
Serving bristol , southington , avon , manchester , hamden and the rest of connecticut !
Great company !!
wonderful office staff and plumbers !!
they go out of their way to be on time and to work quickly .
Local emergency response in huddersfield , days a year !
In fact he came out the day that i called for help so .
We can supply a range of other top grade tanks so please call anytime for a chat !
We stock and supply a wide range of .
Interested in becoming an alpha installer ?
Depending on your heating and hot water demand there are different types of condensing boilers that are available , please follow the link for any questions you might have regarding the main boiler types .
So what should you expect from a home buyers cctv drainage survey ?
After compiling and organizing the data , we report it back to you .
We know that the right oil fired boiler is not just determined by what fits with the size of your home , it also has to fit with your lifestyle if you need an oil boiler replacement , we have a range of oil combi boilers available to suit your home ’s needs .
Do you need - hour cover in case of emergencies ?
As a plumber , your duties may include .
Ferguson plumbing offers industry - best standards in quality , design , and service with more than , products online , always make ferguson your first choice !
At emergency plumbing & solar we live and work in our .
It is easily stored away within the dimensions of a standard sized kitchen cupboard suitable for smaller homes or medium sized home plans .
We guarantee same day service if you call us before noon !
Mr rooter plumbing is available on saturdays , sundays , nights and holidays , at no additional charge .
We have been serving the city of chattanooga and the north georgia region for over years !
Be the first to receive our offers and discount codes .
If you have an emergency , call the appropriate # above use the form below to ask a question - or- to schedule a service call , free estimate or other non-emergency service and we will get back to you very soon !
We can supply and fit all types of .
Ed turned a nightmare into a relaxed leak free home thank you !
Bathurst , peterborough , pe qh -.
Are you up for the b&m challenge ?
Would you like to unblock an outside kitchen drain with minimal effort ?
or perhaps you ’d like to save some money and save yourself the task of .
A plunger and and bit of arm action !
Japan 's on - art corp 's ceo kazuya kanemaru poses with his company 's eight metre tall dinosaur - shaped mechanical suit robot ' trx ' and other robots during a demonstration in tokyo , japan .
We ensure that our products are installed correctly every time - guaranteed !
High efficiency boilers manufactured in uk , with award - winning national after - sales from baxi customer support and baxi genuine parts .
You will be able to have a look on the monitor at anything we find .
Serving bristol , southington , avon , manchester , hamden and the rest of connecticut !
Did you know that by replacing your old boiler with a new condensing boiler you could save up to % on heating bills ?
you could save even more with the correct controls !
Using a secure mobile card terminal .
Why not subscribe to our newsletter to hear about upcoming news and offers and get % off your first order ?
Q how do i know how old my boiler is ?
Schedule our licensed and certified plumbers to keep your water supply safe .
We ensure that our products are installed correctly every time - guaranteed !
By pass valves are used to aid efficient heat distribution in any zoned or ...
Have you had any of the following problems with your boiler ?
All work completed to a good quality .
We can ensure the job is completed promptly , professionally and with minimal disruption to other trades .
Call the gas company ; select the “ gas smell emergency ” prompt on their menu .
How can homeowners conserve water ?
This information is a guide only .
Tile now available in our showroom !
Office of energy efficiency & renewable energy .
The engineer met the legal requirements but did n't follow the manufacturer ’s servicing instructions by failing to check key components , including the burner and heat exchanger .
What is the best way to find a new plumber ?
Smart ways to prevent hair clogs in the shower .
Let us service your heating system , deliver your fuel and keep your water flowing !
At steve 's plumbing , we do n't just present hour a day , day per week emergency service - â .
The following shows the members who are closest to you and who would be happy to hear from you if you contact any of them , please mention that you found them on safe local trades .
If you or someone you know is deserving of this discount , just let us know and we will be happy to consider it !
Get your hands on one of our a -rated worcester bosch boilers for hassle - free warmth and comfort all year round .
From replacement boilers to complete central heating installations we offer free quotations and will beat any written quote !
The work took ten minutes to complete professional , offered alternatives if unable to access from my property polite . ” .
What did you do to get it working then ?
As part of managing your boiler well , you need to engage .
E.on is offering two % finance options – you can choose to pay no deposit or a % deposit letting you borrow between £ , and £ , on your new boiler installation and spreading the cost over two to four years pass the credit check and you 'll get the deal .
Don has helped me with numerous leaks and other plumbing problems when it's an emergency , he works hard to get us on his schedule promptly we really appreciate his great work ethic and honesty !
Business hours : monday - friday am - pm .
We ensure that our products are installed correctly every time - guaranteed !
We can work directly with your insurance company .
Is drain out bathroom septic safe ?
Hot water can be your best friend when it comes to clog removal , especially if grease buildup caused that beast .
Looking for a service provider ?
Baxi potterton myson provides a number of trade resources for installers , contractors , specifiers and developers .
Click save and you are done !
Plumbing & heating with annual boiler service .
Could n't have asked for more thanks drain masters !
A yearly service ensures that any warranty associated with your boiler is up to date and avoids the loss of manufacturer guarantees that could result in an unwelcome bill to repair .
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
Learn more about vaillant products and features .
Full - scale model of ' kibo ' on display at the space dome exhibition hall of the japan aerospace exploration agency ( jaxa ) tsukuba space center , in tsukuba , north - east of tokyo , japan .
What type of tradesperson do you need ?
Service may not be available in all areas .
Ap provides around - the - clock plumbing services when you need us we ’ll be there with a fully stocked truck hours a day , days a year !
We pride ourselves on serving our entire island days a year /.
Check back often as more comfort solutions are coming soon !
Use our boiler finder tool to find the right solution for you .
Would you like to leave feedback about this page ?
Baxi customer support is open days a year mon-fri am - pm , sat and sun .am - pm call .
All the clever stuff is included inside , so you do n’t need to find space for a cold water expansion tank in the roof or a hot water storage cylinder in the airing cupboard or anywhere else in your home so that ’s good news !
We also cover the following areas .
Absolute shambles of a company !
Want something a little cosier ?
we also specialize in underfloor heating design and fitting whatever boiler repair , fitting or common issues you are having , you better believe our lads at m&m gas and oil services can help you out .
How soon do you require a service ?
System boilers - also known as sealed system - come with a water cylinder ( which usually sits in an airing cupboard ) and no water tank .
To make matters worse , he also put himself at risk of an electric shock it was the second year running that we 've found an sse engineer making mistakes – last time , the engineer did n't even take the case off the boiler .
The local water authority , southern water , is responsible for drains located outside the boundary of a property and sewers .
Ed turned a nightmare into a relaxed leak free home thank you !
Calculate and compare income options .
Since fitting the new esplodem.it/classifica-dei-prodotti-per-lingrandimento-del-pene/ metodo naturale per allungare il pene boiler and controls , her fuel bills have gone now an incredible %!
We are a fully licensed and insured company , and we provide service for residential customers .
We used kil block on the bathroom waste the result was amazinggreat product great value !
First class service were a joy to deal with replaced our water heater and outside faucet .
After shopping around ( a lot ) and finding every independant tradesperson and company to expect me to wait days to weeks with no garauntee of a fix i decided to opt for the manufacturer to repair my water boiler .
Looking for baxi boiler spares ?
then look no further than direct heating supplies !
It 's a little difficult to say that this is the next best thing in septic system treatment , as you really can't know if it 's working until you find out that it is n't ..
We had an overflowing clogged toilet they came quickly and were so nice - i love these guys !!
Once you 've established which boiler type is most suitable for your home , you need to consider the size .
Would you like to schedule an appointment ?
The aphc represents these specialists on the .
Boiler on the blink ?
think help - link !
Now that you 've gotten rid of that nasty clog , you 'll want to keep your drain nice and clean , so it 's not a repeat offender .
Wondering if your boiler needs repairing or replacing ?
An electric boiler relies on electricity to generate heat , and they can be highly effective at warming a home or a home ’s water supply .
Is drain out bathroom septic safe ?
In appliance services in the us .
We have been serving the city of chattanooga and the north georgia region for over years !
If several properties are affected , contact .
Effective and environmentally friendly !
Features an advanced control system display that provides system operation information as well as programming and monitoring capabilities .
We offer solutions for all of your commercial plumbing needs !
Find out about parking , trains , buses , taxis and roadworks .
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
In general , internal works do n’t require planning permission unless you ’re in a listed building this includes kitchens and bathrooms , except when they ’re part of a house extension .
Finally we get to the most important part of this boiler - replacing tale : the price a quick google search reveals a top - notch , a - rated condensing boiler to be around £ , so why is the average price over double that ?
Aces : energy - saving urea process .
Is your boiler playing up ?
or is it just time to get a new a rated energy efficitent boiler ?
then why not give us a call ?
Do n't compromise the safety of your home .
Someone you can count on !
learn more about orrville plumbing & heating !
Ready - to - install packaged systems featuring powerful and efficient burner / boiler combinations .
Do they offer an after sales service ?
Maximum thickness of wood surface over the diffusion plate : mm .
I am a self - proclaimed neat - freak , mom , and wife , whose passions are baking , creating , photography , travel and of course , family !
The aluminium spreader plate system is an ideal solution for a suspended timber floor ...
I do n't have vinger to mix or soda plz help what else can i use ?
You may want to check to see if a toilet is leaking check the water level in the tank to see if water is overflowing into .
If you or someone you know is deserving of this discount , just let us know and we will be happy to consider it !
Wood cottages , codsall wood .
Do plumbers offer a written warranty ?
Cctv drain survey - get your free quote .
Anytime plumbing works hard on every job !
With more than years experience , this family - owned and operated business sets the industry standard for service and expertise .
Understand your options for tax - efficient isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions ?
First , try using a plunger second , try using a liquid drain opener , but use caution and read the directions third , you can .
We have done all the proper vetting for you and have plumbers nationwide that can help you with repair or installations around the clock .
Why not subscribe to our newsletter to hear about upcoming news and offers and get % off your first order ?
Bord gáis energy will contact you to arrange booking and appointment time .
Electric boilers offer a wide array of features , which make them a favourite choice of boiler since they are powered by electricity , electric boilers produce almost no carbon monoxide , gas leaks and back drafting .
Our team of experienced , gas safe engineers , backed up with gas qualified managers make our company first choice for fitting your boiler we are worcester bosch approved installers and can give a free .
See our new commercial plumbing page under the services tab !
Selecting a certified plumbers near me equates to security quite a few appliances can lead to severe injury when not installed in the ideal method for .
I cannot recommend this company highly enough !
Older boilers are now so inefficient compared to modern , eco-friendly models that upgrading can save you up to £ a year .
If you or someone you know is deserving of this discount , just let us know and we will be happy to consider it !
I was very impressed with the professionalism of the staff they kept me informed of progress via phone as i was away while the work was being done . " .
We are one of the few plumbing companies in chicago committed to their craft enough to own their hydro jet !
Plumbers in group a are required to go through .
Q why do i need a replacement boiler ?
Check out our tool selection guide or chat with a drain brain !
Ask if you have the required heating controls and what other options are available to you see our guide to .
Clean blockages without damaging your pipes !
Mark phoned to let me know what time he was arriving he was very helpful and friendly and sorted out the problem quickly . " .
I have never met a more knowledgeable and efficient technician if you need appliance service , ask for matt !
Thank you for your excellent work helping me pick out the parts for our new bathrooms you are so organized and had all of the workmen there on time .
Other elements we should know ?
Portsmouth , dover , rochester , somersworth , rye , hampton , north hampton , hampton falls , newmarket , newfields , seabrook , kensington , kingston , brentwood .
We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles you can make it easier for us to review and , hopefully , publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind .
Very good service throughout both technicians were fantastic !
we would happily recommend halsalls to friends and family thank you !
The next time you ’re looking for an emergency plumber vallejo you can trust !
Japan 's on - art corp 's ceo kazuya kanemaru poses with his company 's eight metre tall dinosaur - shaped mechanical suit robot ' trx ' and other robots during a demonstration in tokyo , japan .
Individuals interested in becoming a commissioned boiler and pressure vessel inspector can learn more at the .
We currently charge a fixed cost of £. which includes vat this covers hour of our drainage engineers time should it take longer than hour we would discuss this with you it is impossible for us to foresee all unknown drainage issues .
Not a fan of the phone ?
got a question or need a quote ?
Experienced plumbers and drainage engineers in your area .
Looking for heating cover to protect your boiler and heating system ?
use the uswitch.com comparison service to compare plans and switch !
Upgrading your heating system to a new , efficient condensing boiler comes with a whole host of benefits , including .
Great service , fast and efficient !!
highly recommended !!
You can contact baxi at the following address .
You do n't have to use your energy provider 's boiler cover !
Just call drain doctor plumbing and drainage and your drain will be cleared as quick as a wink .
For a one - off repair , call baxi directly to get a quote or why not consider added protection for your baxi boiler with a repair & protect service plan ?
Is an authorized baxi dealer and has been serving the toronto , canada area for over years .
Do you have urgent problems with blocked toilets and drains , hot water systems , leaking taps or burst pipes ?
we can help you with this and much more !
You can identify and compare a system 's efficiency by not only its afue but also by its equipment features .
The automatic modulation rate adjusts the burner power to ensure the .
D any repair that is needed as a result of anything other than a fault to the boiler or failure of the boiler itself .
We offer - hour emergency service for major plumbing emergencies like burst pipes , overflowing toilets , leaking water heaters and more !
We 're your daily dose of science , conversation and medicine this is the scope , university of utah health sciences radio .
Join our monthly mailing list for exclusive promotions !
If it 's a part they do n't have with them , we can order the part for a next day delivery ( excluding sundays ) and our engineer will be booked to return and finish the repair .
Horizontal bars form the main design of the stelrad caliente creating a sleek and stylish look - perfect for bathrooms and living areas alike !
Combi boiler room sealed ( potterton promax kw ) , year old works perfect horizontal flu ready for installation .
Could n't have asked for more thanks drain masters !
Centerport , cold spring harbor , commack , east northport , greenlawn , huntington , huntington station , lloyd harbor , melville , northport .
The baxi duo -tec combi he a is available in kw , kw , kw and kw outputs for natural gas , so can meet hot water requirements for any size of property - from a small flat to a large family house .
Is a plumber required to be insured and bonded ?
The delivery address must also be within miles of a wickes store offering this service .
We offer estimates , so call today !
I wanted to write and thank you for the service you provided me yesterday the plumber was polite , professional , did n’t make me work for him , and ...
Why , a plumber would be ashamed to take as long as that over a job !
What is the best time to contact you ?
( required ) .
In the government passed a law that requires all landlords who rent either part or all of a property to have all household gas appliances and pipes checked every months with a landlord gas safety certificate to this effect ?
Registered in england & wales no .
Ricky was absolutely amazing his work ethic is outstanding no problem was too big or too small instils your faith in a business that can and does get some bad press awesome !
Find cheap pick - up only items near you - they often attract fewer bids .
Learn a new word every day delivered to your inbox !
We ’ve briefly touched on drain rods and caustic soda but what else do you need to unblock a drain ?
here ’s our essential kit .
Hire London boiler repair services now !
All content is available under the .
Emergency plumbing services & repairs in miami , free estimates !
no overtime charges nights , weekends or holidays !
We service & install the latest , eco freindly renewable heating technology .
Depends on the size of your house and how you use hot water .
Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown ?
Choose the most convenient option to let us know how we can help .
Have you reviewed this troubleshooting guide from the manufacture ?
Is your home ’s plumbing system clogged , and you do n’t know what to do ?
we offer plumbing services to keep your water flowing smoothly .
Serving bristol , southington , avon , manchester , hamden and the rest of connecticut !
Superior boiler manufacturers boilers for commercial and industrial applications .
Rated thermal power max / min ( hot water production ) .
I have a cess pit , not septic tank can i use this ?
Detailed images on our camera monitors tell us exactly what ’s going on below ground , and we can even record what we see so we can play them back and show you exactly where the problem lies .
Get quotes from our selected suppliers by only filling in form !
Aberdour , anstruther , auchtermuchty , bogside , bow - of - fife , buckhaven , burntisland , cowdenbeath , crail , culross , cupar , dalgety bay , darsie .
Drain cleaners contain very dangerous chemicals that can be harmful to your health if you swallow them , breathe them in ( inhale ) , or if they come in contact with your skin and eyes .
Have you reviewed this troubleshooting guide from the manufacture ?
Omar from appliance repair doctor was great arrived on time , quickly diagnosed the problem with our oven & .
It 's so great to be able to keep drains clear without toxins !
Top -quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family .
Jbl brother 's were able to come to our home and provide us with a free estimate shortly after we submitted our request they were efficient and professional and we would certainly considering hiring them in the future for another plumbing or ac issue .
Call today for your free estimate !
Clue - up on the deadly gas to make sure you and your family stay safe .
Awesome service quick to respond !
thanks !
We look forward to speaking to you soon and welcoming you as our latest and highly valued customer .
Thank you for using wpj heating , we wish you a great day !
Based on your information , we will .
Thank you for the clear and practical advice it ’s saved me stress , time and money !
Ready to save on your boiler cover ?
or need to know more before you get a quote ?
we ’re here to help .
I cannot recommend this company highly enough !
Facebook marketplace now lets you hire plumbers and cleaners .
We offer estimates , so call today !
Sometimes the pipe can collapse or be squashed by the weight of soil above it this has happened where houses were built in the s or s and the pipes were made of a material callled ' pitch fibre ' .
Fill out our form below to get in touch with our team !
We cover all aspects of plumbing , heating & drainage with over years experience , have great customer service , very reliable and punctual always happy to go the extra mile .
Servicing the new orleans metro area for over + years !
You could win a $ , mitre gift card .
Let our engineers get you back up and running quickly .
Boiler problems ?
talk to frank !
To ensure our customers receive a high standard of workmanship , experience and professionalism , our company is accredited and monitored by several trade and industry bodies .
Q how much will a replacement boiler cost ?
Land drainage problems in derbyshire .
Have any problems with your water mains ?
No hot water ?
we can repair or replace any make or model and provide you with a temporary hot water system so you are n't left without hot water .
Call today for your free estimate !
Houle 's plumbing , heating & air conditioning , ( ) -.
When your flight 's delayed , all airlines should compensate you automatically are you with us ?
We ’ve briefly touched on drain rods and caustic soda but what else do you need to unblock a drain ?
here ’s our essential kit .
Great non toxic drain cleaner this stuff works great , better than other enzyme - based products i have tried !
The following is a basic description of how to drain down and repressurise a combi boiler system layouts will vary , but basic components will be the same .
We represent leading manufacturers that produce the most innovative & efficient products in the world let us apply these solutions for you !
Donna ferguson went through the process of replacing her boiler in .
Is your company outside of the service areas listed above ?
Mr rooter plumbing is available on saturdays , sundays , nights and holidays , at no additional charge .
A family owned business since , we pride ourselves in plumbing that works right and looks right our work is neat , clean and sound .
See our new commercial plumbing page under the services tab !
An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong .
Received three different proposals for my water heater install asap was the most knowlegable and professional company out of the lot not only that but they did a spectacular job on the installation !
well done asap !
Get to the bottom of the problem .
Mike did an awesome job !
he arrived right on time and was very professional in his actions i would recommend rick ’s plumbing to everyone !
Showing slide {current_slide} of {total_slides} - shop by finish .
Have a problem with your septic tank or cesspit ?
Mattira asegura el óptimo confort en su hogar , con el consiguiente ahorro en consumo eléctrico gracias a su modulación y a su nuevo modo de auto - regulación .
You ’re getting ready for a dinner party your in - laws are in town you ’re putting your kids to sleep sounds like the perfect time for a burst pipe , do n’t you think ?
When your business needs a reliable commercial plumber ...
Hour emergency call - outs with no nasty call - out charges !
This data is sourced from the training providers for more detailed information , contact the training provider for the course you ’re interested in .
Dann deaktivieren sie adblock für leo oder spenden sie !
Laser plumbing tamworth provides prompt , - hour response to burst or leaking water pipes and gas lines .
Ferguson plumbing offers industry - best standards in quality , design , and service with more than , products online , always make ferguson your first choice !
When you need repair for your plumbing disaster , call .
The fire tube design of the heat exchanger provides a greater efficiency and a lower pressure drop the built in stainless steel indirect storage tank provides endless hot water and eliminates temperature fluctuation !
Book direct , / , days a year .
We 've got loyal clients with great things to say about us !
Broken or blocked stroud sewers or sewage pipes .
Today to discuss your boiler repair needs !
Boiler guide can provide you with up to quotes from local and national installers compare the most competitive quotes on the market and choose the best no obligation , no hassle , no fee .
Can i put drain out bathroom down the drain after using another drain cleaner ?
Ground movement causing bedford drain problems .
Still have a question ?
ask your own !
In simple terms the regulations state that .
Servicing the new orleans metro area for over + years !
A lot of people think plumbing is all blocked toilets , but the whole time i've been doing my apprenticeship i've only had to unblock two or three , so it 's not all dirt and muck , " says plumber josh boyce .
Read what mners think of the new mumsnet mattresses available at dreams !
Is your old boiler on the blink , and you have no hot water ?
Gets work done fast and is very thorough we will recommend him to everyone !
Without boiler grants it would have been a very , very cold winter for me and my family i cannot recommend the service enough .
It 's so great to be able to keep drains clear without toxins !
Please provide the closest postcode for this location so we can process your order .
Join rewards for life today and we 'll give you points worth £.. Dmc plumbing & heating today and let ’s get started on your project !
City of new york all rights reserved .
The level of protection depends on the boiler care product you choose further details are provided in these .
Subscribe to america 's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search — ad free !
Calls may be recorded and monitored for quality and training purposes .
Subscribe to america 's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search — ad free !
Submit a request for free quotations compare up to different companies and select the quote that suits you best .
Q why do i need a replacement boiler ?
Boilers can be fueled with oil or natural gas it has more parts and valves than a forced air furnace this is why when it breaks down , it ’s time to call a boiler repairman .
Request your fast , free quote today !
Read what mners have to say about balneum scalp and skin care products !
£ voucher to be won for feedback !
Warranty coverage applies only to the original problem if a new problem appears it would not be covered .
Received angie ’s list super service award !
Check our latest offers â huge discounts , regularly updated !
Other merriam - webster dictionaries .
For further information or if you need an estimate please contact us .
The company was very quick to react to blocked drains at my house after a period of flooding hugely impressed by their professional approach , and would n't hesitate to use them again !
Needing to order online ?
fill out our .
Call us today at -- for a free estimate !
Good product selection and likeable staff from the telephonist through to the engineer nothing was too much trouble . ” –.
Other elements we should know ?
Boilertrust is a london based central heating company that offers bespoke heating solutions we specialise in boiler replacements , combi-boilers , boiler repairs and efficient systems .
What does a landlord gas safety inspection include ?
Heating and ventilation service is also essential to a quality heating system , and our experts can install and maintain your boiler to make sure it 's always performing at peak efficiency and meeting your needs .
Alfaclear drains service london and its surrounding areas areas covered include the london boroughs of .
There are a couple of well - respected biomass boiler manufacturers - eta and herz - that are located in germany based on our research .
I 've used this company twice at two different residences they have been great !
Thank you for your interest in this question because it has attracted low - quality or spam answers that had to be removed , posting an answer now requires .
Do you want to have directions to markaryd ?
Following our cctv drain survey you ’ll receive a complete report with video evidence , professional analysis of our findings and detailed treatment recommendations .
From fittings to colour temperatures , how to buy the best halogen , led or standard light bulb for your needs .
Every engineer in our network is a friendly , gas safe registered installer with plenty of experience fitting boilers they 'll keep the house nice and tidy while they work , too .
I would have thought if the continuity checks out on the gas valve , the engineer then tested the pcb ?
One of our team members will visit your home and conduct a comprehensive survey to establish your individual requirements .
Watch out for frozen pipes this winter !
We can provide a quote for the remedial work required to get you flowing again .
What are the benefits of hydronic radiant floor heating ?
The water pressure might be reduced if you need hot water from more than one tap at a time .
We have both a push rod camera and a crawler ( a motorised remote control camera ) , our crawler camera can rotate ° and zoom in on connections and defects to identify any problems .
As the owner , i answer the phone personally - monday thru friday … no muss no fuss !!!
Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters .
What is the best way to find a new plumber ?
H any other costs or expenses caused by , or arising as a result of , a repair .
The best plumbing repair , service , installation , drain cleaning , and sewer repair in indianapolis !
With this brand new combined cover , you can count on homeserve approved engineers to help if a problem strikes and leaves you without plumbing or heating from .
We 're working with reevoo , an independent review company , to get feedback from customers who 've used their homeserve policies .
Our handy calculator makes calculating system efficiencies and generating package labels easy !
This function will switch off your preheat settings , which means it may take slightly longer for hot water to come through the tap .
If your drain is partially clogged , there are a few different solutions you can try you probably already have the supplies for one of these homemade remedies in your kitchen !
Electrical installation , design and repair fully insured and accredited .
Do n’t let your garbage disposal fall into disrepair schedule competent service and keep a clean kitchen longer !
In our according to kids series .
Can drain out bathroom be used in a toilet ?
We have a star rating on trust pilot and which ?
trusted traders .
If you are unsure as to which combi boiler will be the best for your budget , speak to one of the knowledgeable members of the support team at direct heating supplies we are here for you hours for your convenience !
Giving you an added sense of convenience -.
We ’ve mentioned caustic soda earlier on in this piece and it ’s with good reason if that does n’t work for you , pick up some good old fashioned .
What is the best way to find a new plumber ?
Years of training and / or experience are needed to become a skilled plumber ; some jurisdictions also require that plumbers be licensed .
Service was great and i would highly recommend koegel to anyone if you need plumbing done they 're the ones to call !
Make sure that you have after care for if you have an unfortunate breakdown – image by matthew ( flickr cc ) .
Clean blockages without damaging your pipes !
Simsbury rd , avon , ct | .
We service all of your residential plumbing needs !
Matt came in the rain and worked on my air conditioner , never complained and did an outstanding job .
This is not the first time property care solutions has hit the headlines in june .
I had appliance guys over to re-do my dryer vent and they were in and out got the problem solved quickly and very clean !
Nest internet controlled thermostat installations .
Providing emergency plumbing services to alpharetta ga and the .
What is the eco-mode setting on a boiler ?
is it cheaper than the normal function ?
In most homes in the united kingdom ( uk ) , you will typically find a heating system that employs a central boiler heating unit and a separate device for water heating .
Essentially , replace your boiler and you ’ll probably use less gas than you currently do .
Get quotes from our selected suppliers by only filling in form !
Save up to % by comparing quotes from our suppliers !
Timely efficient response same day service competitive cost good advice accountable competent .
All boilers come with a one - year warranty looking for even more headache - free years ?
Unit a , caldervale road , wakefield , wf pe .
It is below the dignity of my page to put a plumber on it , yet i have endured occasions !
With just minutes ' work , you can cut over £ a year off the cost , with a cheaper standalone insurer this guide shows you how to do it .
Are there any downfalls to combi boilers ?
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
Helpful , quick and well priced , definitely recommended and will use again . “ .
Your onlineâ transitions are protected and you can choose different payment methods .
We take pride in the quality of work we provide in our - hour emergency plumbing service despite the pressure of dealing with a plumbing emergency , our emergency plumbers offer competent , quality work in a flash !
Q how much will a replacement boiler cost ?
That unit is heating up and that the elements are working .
Thanks for printing !
do n't forget to come back to cross and sons plumbing for fresh articles !
We will need this information before we can proceed with your application .
Join our monthly mailing list for exclusive promotions !
Independence , help & support , travel & mobility , help at home , care & carers , fostering & adoption .
Get our monthly special offers , great deals and latest news - direct to your inbox !
We provide commercial and residential backflow testing backflow testing and prevention will stop undrinkable water from entering your home or commercial building 's water supply .
Do you have questions about any of our services ?
we have answers visit our faq section to learn more .
Handyman and more helped me with two projects ( cleaning up a back door trim and fixing caulk / grout in a bathroom ) they were honest , professional and did a great job !
we will definitely being using them again !
Make an appointment for a cctv drain survey today .
Apprenticeship training programs for plumbers vary across canada , but generally involve four - month periods , including at least , hours of on - the - job training , four eight - week blocks of technical training and a final certificate exam .
Covers you for breakdowns on your boiler and ancillary controls parts & labour unlimited callouts .
To be eligible for the bra , you need to match all of the following criteria if one is missing , you wo n’t be able to get the allowance so be careful when replacing your old boiler system .
From £ ☎️ call now - blocked drains - cctv surveys - excavations - plumbing - leaks - blocked toilets - blocked sinks - high pressure water jetting - lining fixed prices no hourly rates !!!
no call out charge !!!
This is page of ( this thread has messages . ) .
Water alone wo n't sanitize months of growing bacteria put your toothbrush in the dishwasher , or use a uv cleaner for minutes to get rid of bacteria .
Since fitting the new boiler and controls , her fuel bills have gone now an incredible %!
Received angie ’s list super service award !
These top-rated baby monitors wo n't let you down when you need them most .
Receive exclusive offers before anyone else !
If you are a tenant then you should contact your landlord in the first instance .
Do you love stahl ’s excellent service ?
So if you ’re not % comfortable where you are ….
We used kil block on the bathroom waste the result was amazinggreat product great value !
We will not pass your details to any third parties for marketing purposes .
Hardly music to my ears the salesman also incorrectly identified some new pipes as old pipes , saying they needed to be changed ( they did n't , as they had only been installed the month before ) .
Someone you can count on !
learn more about orrville plumbing & heating !
If your boiler is old , inefficient or faulty , you may be eligible for a free replacement or repair through the so - called energy company obligation scheme .
New boilers save money !
a new a+ rated boiler could save you up to £* a year !
Eco is made up of obligations , affordable warmth , carbon saving community obligation and the carbon saving obligation funding for the .
Why , a plumber would be ashamed to take as long as that over a job !
Gas boilers and award - winning support for every home .
Specialising in smaller jobs , which means they can often respond more quickly than larger firms and keep costs competitive gassafe and wras approved ‘ reliable , very quick to reply , extremely professional .
Looking for a service provider ?
Service was great and i would highly recommend koegel to anyone if you need plumbing done they 're the ones to call !
Take a look at common boiler problems we can help you solve .
We can supply a range of other top grade tanks so please call anytime for a chat !
Need a new boiler ?
contact us on .
Hour emergency call - outs with no nasty call - out charges !
My cat pulls all the hair out of the plughole .
A plunger and and bit of arm action !
Up to year extended warranty .
A broken or faulty boiler does n’t necessarily mean a whole new system is required , there are many reasons for any central heating system to degrade and we will advise on the best way to get your heating back to its maximum potential quickly .
Goshen plumbing & heating is here to make sure that your heating systems work efficiently , relaible and safely year round call us today for heating services !
Ideal for small jobs in the kitchen , bathroom or toilet .
We could provide you with a fixed - price quote to give you an idea of the type of boiler that could be suitable for your home *** try our free quote tool today , it could take just seconds !
Nisbets plc catering equipment supplies .
A local , trusted engineer will survey your home and provide a exact quote .
Saturday hours by appointment !
In her own words she talks us through how she saved a whopping £ , on the cost .
Q why do i need a replacement boiler ?
See what services and offers are available in your area .
Are there any downfalls to combi boilers ?
These are external links and will open in a new window .
What are the benefits of hydronic radiant floor heating ?
Plumbing and heating emergencies do n’t usually happen when it ’s convenient for you in fact , they seem to happen at the worst times thankfully , you can always rely on .
What does a landlord gas safety inspection include ?
Both offer exceptional efficiency and reduced heating bills .
Our local emergency plumbers deal with burst pipes , leaking radiators , central heating problems , pumps , cylinders , tanks , showers , float valves , drainage problems , blocked toilets , float valves and much more .
Clean blockages without damaging your pipes !
English boiler manufacturers industrial high temperature hot water systems .
Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action .
What are the benefits of hydronic radiant floor heating ?
Replacing your boiler is a big purchase decision , one which you should n't consider without understanding what 's best for you and your home here are a few things to consider when booking a quote with us .
Did n't unblock sink at all , if anything is was more blocked after applications , even when left for hours !
Some delivery services may not be available in your area , the delivery page will display the available delivery services during checkout .
Serving homes & businesses in the greater st croix area for over years !
When i think of the extra cost i could have ended up paying british gas , not only for the boiler but for unnecessary boiler cover , my blood really starts to boil .
Marriednotdead : that would involve a lot of body - brushing for many dh's !
Concrete pumping we offer concrete pumping for all of your various concrete pouring needs we have a meter z - boom pump truck with a putzmeister pump call to schedule your … .
With a large pool of uk - based engineers to choose from , booking a one - off emergency boiler repair with myboilerservice has never been easier !
More information on this recall can be found here -.
Are you up for the b&m challenge ?
We offer both a full reactive emergency service and planned maintenance / installation service in .
Call us today for all your cooling needs !
All content is available under the .
Catamount plumbing & heating provides plumbing and heating services for chittenden county , vermont our skilled technicians have the equipment and experience to get the job done right .
Thank you for using wpj heating , we wish you a great day !
Our plumbers are screened , licensed , certified , and insured — so you 'll never have to worry !
For independent advice and information on new boilers , energy saving , and more , visit .
What does a landlord gas safety inspection include ?
The baxi ecoblue advance heat boiler has the option of a top or rear flue , making ...
Set up an appointment with one of our technicians !
call today !
A biofuel boiler plant for uab lerenta is set to open soon , and since june .
Can do will do well done guaranteed !
Drains tend to build up blockages over time , so when they need to be cleaned it is often sudden and important to fix our emergency drain cleaning service will be ready when you need us .
We want you to have a happy boiler all year round and that ’s why we have a local gas man available hours a day , days a week , days a year – yes , even christmas day !
Cheer 's certification no# ccndm .
How can homeowners conserve water ?
As a new boiler installation is generally an important and expensive affair , there are a number of factors that you should take into consideration before taking the plunge these include .
From replacement boilers to complete central heating installations we offer free quotations and will beat any written quote !
Electrical instant heaters , supplied as an accessory in a central air - conditioning system , are the ideal solution for extreme conditions .
I never new pepsi and coke were so useful !
A british gas spokesman told us its engineers were all gas safe registered , and that ‘ on the rare occasion an engineer deviates from our high standards we always investigate and intervene .’.
We ’re a locally - owned company and have been earning trust with expert plumbing service for over years !
Anyone looking for an alternative to electric or gas .
Gain access to thousands of additional definitions and advanced search features — ad free !
View your local supply and service updates .
What are the benefits of hydronic radiant floor heating ?
Experts in drain repairs , fast call outs .
Thank you for the clear and practical advice it ’s saved me stress , time and money !
Repaired a toilet and our faucet the technicians were very courteous and knowledgeable and did a great job .
Are you interested in our no hassle heating plan ?
if so , which plan ?
If you see this item cheaper ( on like for like terms ) we will match it .
Stacy , the bathroom project looks great , thanks for all your help !
Gas , water and sewer installations should always be performed by a professional plumber even a small mistake can cause major damage .
A powerful solution to clogged drains !
double trouble for the blocked drains !
Our newdesign team can support you by providing a complete design service for residential developments using potterton heating and hot water products .
Sign up now to stay updated on the latest news and offers !
Additionally , the rinnai q series boilers earned between a and .
percent afue rating , ranking them among the most efficient heating - only boiler options available .
How can homeowners conserve water ?
You can also send your data as json .
Electrode type element type fully / semi automatic / manual portable with minimum space quick & ample steam generation maximum safety .
Oftentimes , individuals may unknowingly mix two different types of drain cleaners , which can even lead to deadly results for example , consider the mixing of an acidic and basic drain cleaner .
Brilliant news , thanks everyone !
Water heaters are heavy - use a helper , appliance dolly or hand truck when moving the appliance .
Request your fast , free quote today !
Gives the ability to automatically generate and serve an http api from r functions using the annotations in the r documentation around your functions .
As part of the bosch group , worcester bosch boilers are designed and built to exacting standards and constructed with only the highest quality materials , to provide the levels of quality and service that you would expect from a brand within the bosch group .
We will only recommend central heating equipment from well - established manufacturers , that in our experience have a proven record for reliability and efficiency .
Subscribe to america 's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search — ad free !
Once the heating system is completely drained of water , close the bleed valves , then you can carry out maintenance / repairs as required .
What pre-hire questions should be posed to a plumber ?
Thames water utilities limited - registered office : clearwater court , vastern road , reading rg db .
What pre-hire questions should be posed to a plumber ?
If you want to replace your current boiler with a modern vaillant device and benefit from increased efficiency , you can either .
Kurt did an amazing job ! kind and considerate !
If you need to report a vehicle parked where it should not be , the rapid response number will be unav .
Theres also a new tool , really it ain't all that new but it 's cheap & works great it 's called zip - it it 's a plastic tool with teeth works great on tubs sinks any drain , unless it 's really deep good luck .
What pre-hire questions should be posed to a plumber ?
It is crazy that i did n't think about the plunger , worked perfectly , thanks .
Interested in becoming an alpha installer ?
If you are unsure as to which type of survey you require .
Can they provide you with local referrals ?
Domestic & general are the uk's leading specialist warranty provider offering boiler maintenance & support plans find the right plan for you and start benefiting from the additional peace of mind that it could bring .
Effective and environmentally friendly !
Celebrating british citizenship .
Why , a plumber would be ashamed to take as long as that over a job !
While it may seem like a small deal , a clogged drain is a household emergency requiring prompt attention why ?
because if left unchecked , continued use can lead to a flood .
Handyman and more helped me with two projects ( cleaning up a back door trim and fixing caulk / grout in a bathroom ) they were honest , professional and did a great job !
we will definitely being using them again !
Alk plumbing and drainage news , tips , advice .
Your boiler engineer will be an invaluable source of information during the buying process he or she will be able to guide you to make the best choice on the type and size of boiler you need .
Around .
million homes in the uk use oil for their heating , according to which ? , and this number is growing .
Have you used this member before ?
If you are looking to work and travel in new zealand and are under ( inclusive ) years of age , you may be eligible to take a working holiday in new zealand .
Dedicated customer service expedited order processing .
Expert advice on getting rid of damp caused by condensation , penetrating damp and rising damp .
Serving all counties throughout the entire state of connecticut !
Liquefies grease , soap scum and other organic matter in drains .
Unblocked the bathroom sink instantly sounded like it was going to explode so knew it was doing it 's job !
Heating your home and providing constant hot water means your boiler works hard all year round .
Our services for boiler maintenance / boiler repair include .
Is your old boiler on the blink , and you have no hot water ?
If you ’re interested in booking a cctv drain survey in london , contact drain today by using our .
Visit the soo's newest pub - the boiler room - now open !
They are so friendly and helpful they show up when they say they will show up it was a nasty job , but they tackled it and got it done .
A plunger and and bit of arm action !
When you think about it , it just makes sense to trust your plumbing to the people who have been taking care of residents for over years whatever your plumbing needs , we can handle them at classic plumbing .
Thanks for printing !
do n't forget to come back to delta plumbing for fresh articles !
Unlimited call - outs , parts and labour .
Clean blockages without damaging your pipes !
Example price £ , deposit % £. amount borrowed . % apr months at £. total repayable £. subject to status based on a combi exchange for a worcester bosch boiler suitable for a bedroom semi-detached house .
We offer solutions for all of your commercial plumbing needs !
We offer comprehensive - hour plumbing solutions , including preventative maintenance plans , instantaneous emergency service , and the latest in fiber - optic video sewer inspection .
Category : one
Added : 2020-06-05
Comments : 0
Your recommended options are Your recommended options are based on the information you have provided about your current heating system and requirements please speak to a gas safe registered engineer to determine your exact requirements .
This product has saved me $k !
Call us hours a day , days a year .
It is below the dignity of my page to put a plumber on it , yet i have endured occasions !
How soon do you require a service ?
Our team of professional plumbers can help you with any plumbing emergency that may arise from .
Our team of engineers can get to your quickly , even on bank holidays in % of cases , we fix your boiler there and then , ensuring you have heating and hot water for your home .
Fill out our form below to get in touch with our team !
De‐solv‐it® drain unblocker & sanitiser has been specially formulated to quickly unblock and freshen outdoor drains .
Thanks for printing !
do n't forget to come back to superior plumbing for fresh articles !
Our care plans start from just £. a month .
Ricky was absolutely amazing his work ethic is outstanding no problem was too big or too small instils your faith in a business that can and does get some bad press awesome !
The answer to all your energy questions in brussels .
Read our top tips to combat common skin conditions .
All boilers come with a one - year warranty looking for even more headache - free years ?
Pour / cup baking soda , followed by / cup lemon juice down drain plug drain , and let sit for one hour finish with a pot of boiling water .
Request your fast , free quote today !
Opportunities for plumbers , gasfitters and drainlayers are good due to .
Someone you can count on !
learn more about orrville plumbing & heating !
Is no longer a plumber , nintendo has officially said .
But the sales - like nature of this visit put me off could i save more elsewhere ?
All application deadlines , start dates and training schedules are posted on the .
Learn what you can do to help your systems run smoothly and reliably !
Sign up to which ?
legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track .
Don has helped me with numerous leaks and other plumbing problems when it's an emergency , he works hard to get us on his schedule promptly we really appreciate his great work ethic and honesty !
All you need to know to keep your boiler working in tip - top condition .
Save up to % by comparing quotes from our suppliers !
A water or gas leak is the most serious issue a homeowner can face some of the most common situations include .
As the owner , i answer the phone personally - monday thru friday … no muss no fuss !!!
You 'll have a cosy home in no time , we 'll manage the entire project including safety test and grant draw downs .
Call us with confidence !
we are fully licensed ( lic#cfc ) bonded and insured plumbing contractor we have the knowledge , skill and expertise to fix your plumbing problem fast !
No yeah , i would get there very quickly .
Who does this service and receive an amazon gift card !
All the information you need to make sure you ’re covered .
Can drain out bathroom be used in a toilet ?
If you ca n’t afford to pay cash for a new heating system , using credit allows you to have it now .
Niceic is the uk ’s leading voluntary regulatory body for the electrical contracting industry it has been assessing the electrical competence of electricians for nearly sixty years and currently maintains a roll of over , registered contractors .
It 's so great to be able to keep drains clear without toxins !
Looking after property managers for over years .
I never new pepsi and coke were so useful !
Some provinces and territories offer secondary school apprenticeship programs that allow high school students to work towards a career as a plumber .
We have great offers in your area not your location ?
For a free quotation call us on .
Is specifically formulated for use by professional plumbing maintenance personnel working in hotels , restaurants , apartment and condominium complexes , nursing homes and schools .
Can they provide you with local referrals ?
Working days are defined as monday - friday am - pm inclusive , excluding saturday , sunday and public holidays .
Is the fashion world finally going mainstream ?
If you can't get your drain unclogged , a drain snake will help you remove any debris blocking the flow of water these are dirt cheap and you may be able to avoid calling a plumber !
Interested in becoming an alpha installer ?
Take a look at the following table to see how much you can save on energy bills by upgrading your inefficient boiler .
Do you have problem drains ?
or do you just want to check the condition of your drain ?
then our colour video unit is just what you need !
Learn about peninsula ’s non-toxic , biodegradable , and renewable .
Check back often as more comfort solutions are coming soon !
As we use cutting edge technologies , it makes our cctv surveys as fast , efficient and reliable as possible .
For more information , call --- today to schedule an appointment with one of our licensed heating system technicians .
We had a sudden and serious issue with an inflow of raw sewage into our property .
See our great oil and gas offers over the cold season - they 'll be sure to keep you warm !
We offer a variety of services from residential to commercial and other services .
Caring , reliable , affordable service - even on the th of july !
Occasional use in septic system allowed but not recommended .
What does a landlord gas safety inspection include ?
A new boiler is a big investment , so it can take a while to make your money back in savings here are a few cheaper measures that you could take to cut your heating bill .
Are you planning on installing a new central heating system for your home ?
Boiler repair in stockport or the surrounding areas .
Looking for heating cover to protect your boiler and heating system ?
use the uswitch.com comparison service to compare plans and switch !
Both offer exceptional efficiency and reduced heating bills .
Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets do you have the right safeguards in place ?
Fixed price boiler replacement at ultra gas .
You can do some visual checks to try and isolate the problem check for leaks on .
The staff at monkey wrench is a friendly bunch that are here to make your life easier !
A lateral drain is the part of a drain that lies outside of your property boundary under private land or public land , such as a footpath or road , and connects to a sewer .
This ensures a fast cctv drain and sewer inspection & survey in derbyshire .
Boilers do tend to undergo wear and tear over the years , requiring repair or replacement after a certain amount of time labor costs can also vary widely , from simple installation jobs of $ to more complex installations costing up to $ , .
We provide fast and quality same day service to all our customers .
Are you interested in our no hassle heating plan ?
if so , which plan ?
You can make an online upfront payment to get things moving or pay in full if you want to spread the cost interest free over three years – with % apr .
The next time you ’re looking for an emergency plumber vallejo you can trust !
For all your central heating repairs and servicing .
We used kil block on the bathroom waste the result was amazinggreat product great value !
Alfie & mick are brilliant , super efficient , super friendly , sorted my blocked sink and pipes in no time thanks guys , i will be recommending you to all my friends .
Don has helped me with numerous leaks and other plumbing problems when it's an emergency , he works hard to get us on his schedule promptly we really appreciate his great work ethic and honesty !
Overflowing or blocked derby drain pipes .
Call today for your free estimate !
Around people in great britain die each year from co poisoning caused by faulty gas appliances and flues .
Great service and very knowledgeable about their products clean and courteous , just as they promise !
Contractors truck - backflow services in st petersburg and brooksville , florida .
Our experts install your boiler you could start saving money on energy straight away !
To help you navigate your way through a bewildering array of alternative heating technologies , we ’ve developed the boiler replacement tool , complete with user manual .
Scott wagner provides fast , reliable , and dependable heating and air conditioning service if your system needs service , we can help !
All hot water storage cylinders must be fitted in - conjunction with a suitably sized unvented ...
I 'm currently having trouble trying to repressurise my boiler unfortunately , the youtube tutorials and the manual look different to mine !
The optimum introduction tool for the removal of obstructions in basins , bowls , tubs and toilets , etc. , using water pressure .
Ed turned a nightmare into a relaxed leak free home thank you !
See the latest questions that our community of homeowners .
Clean your home from top to bottom with the wham klean range .
Are you interested in our no hassle heating plan ?
if so , which plan ?
Baxi luna condensing boilers have a compact design and are suitable for indoor and outdoor installations .
Solder the connections to the valve before attaching to the plumbing connect the valve to the hot and cold water supply and the outlet pipe if additional soldering is needed , maintain a safe distance from the valve because excessive heat may cause damage .
If you are experiencing a plumbing emergency , or if you are just looking for a hour plumbing service , give us a call !
Just add the scale reducer to your cart after you have added the boiler and it will be free of charge ( search calmagws ) .
Check back often as more comfort solutions are coming soon !
Our boiler replacement tool will help you select the best heat source for your new - build or refurbishment project .
If you are unsure as to which combi boiler will be the best for your budget , speak to one of the knowledgeable members of the support team at direct heating supplies we are here for you hours for your convenience !
Have any problems with your water mains ?
Is your old boiler on the blink , and you have no hot water ?
Most baxi boiler faults where the system has lost pressure are because of leaks in the system .
I have never met a more knowledgeable and efficient technician if you need appliance service , ask for matt !
Install appliance we are planning on moving our washing machines ( ) from our kitchen to the garage the kitchen adjoins the garage and the kitchen ...
This radio frequency ( rf ) digital timer provides heating and hot water control via a simple user interface .
Learn a new word every day delivered to your inbox !
A regular boiler is more efficient than a combi at producing hot water in the first place , but then some heat is lost from the hot water cylinder , so a combi may be more efficient overall .
Ace rewards is a free and rewarding membership program that lets you earn rewards with every purchase you make !
We service & install the latest , eco freindly renewable heating technology .
We ca n’t fault the quality of the job your guy left , and he was very tidy also , tell him well done !
Start your search by typing in the business name below .
If the business you 're looking for is n't here , add it !
For leaks , burst pipes , or other plumbing emergencies , emergency search will give you the contact details of a plumber who can help right away .
Anytime plumbing works hard on every job !
Wssc master plumber / gasfitter # .
Do you have urgent problems with blocked toilets and drains , hot water systems , leaking taps or burst pipes ?
we can help you with this and much more !
In need of a boiler repair ?
read on for our expert tips on boiler repairs and maintenance .
Dann deaktivieren sie adblock für leo oder spenden sie !
Super fast repairs really good response time will refer to others .
It 's the start of mini mse's half term in order to be the best daddy possible , im stopping work and going off line ?
Tap continue and the remaining items will be transferred .
How do i use drain out bathroom on an extra tough clog or floor drain ?
You can view a full list of our services .
Every contractor i talked to said this is the best boiler they have installed !
Please drop us a line below and we 'll get in touch with you shortly !
There are many jobs that a plumber can do , such as putting in new pipes or fixing minor leaks , but an .
At glow - worm we believe there is nothing worse than the shock of a cold shower – not the best way to start your day !
Warm.co.uk is operated by web consultancy group limited in partnership with boiler guide .
Ap provides around - the - clock plumbing services when you need us we ’ll be there with a fully stocked truck hours a day , days a year !
Cobol has little or no traction in distributed computing environments : %.
If your plumbing problem is a simple leak or a more serious worry that needs an emergency call out , we have immediate access to the equipment necessary to put things to right !
Another simple way to fix your blockage problems involves just a .
We 've teamed up with the association of plumbing and heating contractors ( aphc ) to show you the typical scenarios you might face and how much you should expect to pay .
To keep you warm , wherever you are , claim a free jacket with every amptec or electromax purchased between // and //*.
Why use ahp boiler services for all your boiler and central heating needs ?
From £ plus vat for most domestic properties .
Sign up to be the first to hear about our amazing offers , events and competitions !
it 's real easy !
Find out if you ’ll be accepted before you apply .
With no water tank to heat up , combi boilers can provide an unlimited supply of hot water on demand no waiting time !
T.webber celebrates nearly years of service by re-branding .
We offer many services under the umbrella of each of these categories as well – if it ’s a plumbing issue you have we have the tools and the expertise to solve your issue and do so the same day you call us !
Click below to apply for financing or make a payment .
We ensure that our products are installed correctly every time - guaranteed !
Give us a call !
hours a day our plumbing professionals can handle any residential or commercial job , large or small .
We are fully insured heating and cooling professionals !
An r package that converts your existing r code to a web api using a handful of special one - line comments .
Could n't have asked for more thanks drain masters !
Also known as regular boilers , heat only boilers are usually installed on an open vented system this system usually consists of two tanks in the loft a hot water storage cylinder and a spate pump .
Please click below to play the video !
Used occasionally plumber is one of the most commonly used words in the collins dictionary .
Is there anything wrong with this page ?
As british gas is the market - leading boiler installer in the uk , i decided to get a quote from them as a starting point .
Great non toxic drain cleaner this stuff works great , better than other enzyme - based products i have tried !
Redistribute content from rooter - man ( unless content is specifically made for redistribution ) .
Do n’t let a leaking faucet raise your water bill we ’ll provide a solution on the first try !
Condensing wall - hung heating and combination hydronic boilers .
Understand your options for tax - efficient isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions ?
Plumbingdoctor.com online special ! $. off any plumbing service .
A proud four - time winner of the carrier president ’s award !
If the business you 're looking for is n't here , add it !
There are a number of different reasons why a drain becomes blocked in .
Have you reviewed this troubleshooting guide from the manufacture ?
Sharon from glasgow on th may .
Are you a customer or the owner / manager of the business you ’d like to add ?
Sorry no results for ” drain cleaner ” under guides & advices .
How do you care for your gut ?
share with nairn's - £ voucher to be won !
Eagle plumbing and rooter is a fully licensed and insured plumbing company servicing all your .
Are you a customer or the owner / manager of the business you ’d like to add ?
Logan hopes to see the company continue to do well and see measured growth in the future , while keeping the same standards he has now with his crew .
Making an appointment is easy !
Your sewage system is a key component of your home ’s plumbing and we are able to solve even the most complicated sewer issues .
Are you sure you would like to leave ?
Ladd plumbing has been amazing .
they are always on time and clean up after the job daily my company has been using ladd plumbing for years we no longer need to have multiple plumbers you will be very proud of the work .
My drain is not fom the kitchen sink , it is at the front of the house and is just rain water and dirt .
it takes ages to soak away .
what should i use ?
For your free estimate or more information .
We 've got loyal clients with great things to say about us !
We do n't have that problem with our combo boiler .
Is your company outside of the service areas listed above ?
We can replace your main sump pump , install your main sump pump and pit , replace and install water and battery back up sump pumps .
Are you sure you would like to leave ?
Land drainage problems in gloucestershire .
Qualified , experienced jobseekers use totaljobs to search for jobs our world class search technology and tools enables them to find the most relevant job your job !
Choose the most convenient option to let us know how we can help .
As a home - run business , we are conscious of the ever - increasing costs of heating , which is why we offer first - time customers a full service of any kind of boiler for only €.! to add to that , we offer / emergency callouts !
Click on the logoâ to go to our reviews .
Your most important choice is who installs and services your plumbing system !
Very friendly quick to respond and come out , never had a problem with my pipes since , i would highly recommend lifeline plumbing .
Making an appointment is easy !
However , energy cost is not the only consideration here are some other points to ponder .
Is drain out bathroom septic safe ?
Do you want an easy , hassle free experience ?
then choose heat - plex to save more and worry less !
Sl series g – residential & commercial condensing boilers featuring the latest in condensing technology .
Why choose a worcester accredited installer ?
Voc - volatile organic compounds .
Is your company outside of the service areas listed above ?
Underfloor heating is a highly efficient and luxurious way to heat your home we offer systems which are suitable to for new and retrofit installations in any type of property .
Plumbers in the united kingdom are required to pass level and level vocational requirements of the .
Our aim is to save you money quickly and easily we hope you like it !
Combi boilers : is a combi boiler the right boiler for you ?
Stroud cctv-controlled cutting problem .
Citric acid is often using for canning as well as bath bombs , so it ’s fair to say its usages are rather varied !
Of our family serving your family .
Get the comfort you need at a price you can afford !
Choose an address from the list below ...
Sign up to get the latest promotions , new releases and freebies !
Council & private housing , landlords & tenants , assisted living & care homes , heating your home , homelessness .
Find great tips on how to winterize your cabin , maintain your plumbing , and many other great tips !
Top tip : run the plunger under hot water before starting work this softens it up a treat .
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
Alternatively , if you are in receipt of certain benefits , you could see if you are eligible for a .
Kurt did an amazing job ! kind and considerate !
To find out more about the different types of boiler and the prices you can expect to pay , keep on reading .
Our plumbers are screened , licensed , certified , and insured — so you 'll never have to worry !
You will be given a case reference number .
I was skeptical about the baking soda and vinegar treatment the first time i read about it , but sure enough , it works !
Prior convictions : life begins at v.
Since fitting the new boiler and controls , her fuel bills have gone now an incredible %!
Commercial hot water heating systems .
The views expressed below are the opinion of holland & barrett customers holland & barrett does not endorse these views , nor should they be regarded as health claims or medical advice .
Check out our tool selection guide or chat with a drain brain !
Marriednotdead : that would involve a lot of body - brushing for many dh's !
Keep a garden hose close by and when it comes to clearing out the drain with water you ’ll be glad you did .
Is your boiler losing pressure ?
Free no obligation quote • hr turnaround .
A safe and effective drain treatment – and made in usa !
For our easter rates please refer to our main .
Did you know that improper sizing of your boiler can make your unit run less efficiently and wear out prematurely ?
We 're happy to help days a year .
When your flight 's delayed , all airlines should compensate you automatically are you with us ?
Learn why armstrong plumbing is the right choice for you .
We take pride in the quality of work we provide in our - hour emergency plumbing service despite the pressure of dealing with a plumbing emergency , our emergency plumbers offer competent , quality work in a flash !
Responsibility for drains is split .
If you are without heating , we suggest you call us on to book your repair visit we endeavour to prioritise repair jobs where customers are without heat .
tăng kích thước dương vật bievre - europe.eu / vi-vn
Find out about planning applications , planning policies and conservation areas .
Do you want to have directions to markaryd ?
Once you 've made your list , we can use it to find all the items that you want .
A powerful solution to clogged drains !
double trouble for the blocked drains !
Completely devoted to our clients and our profession , the help riviera services team of technicians work anywhere on the french riviera .
I have a cess pit , not septic tank can i use this ?
Call us hours days a week .
Do you want to have directions to markaryd ?
But how much will it cost to replace my boiler ?
what can i expect to pay in installation costs ?
where can i find new combi boiler prices ?
this and other related questions we have attempted to answer for you here .
Residential and commercial we do everything from sewer scopes to water heater repair and replacement .
Category : one
Added : 2020-05-14
Comments : 0
Boilers are notoriously inefficient Boilers are notoriously inefficient boiler service was something a homeowner would need to do several times throughout their life not anymore !
Call now to schedule a free estimate .
This is a question we get a lot from our customers but most of the time , it ’s an easy fix .
Servicing the new orleans metro area for over + years !
But when is the right time to replace your boiler , and what should you be looking for in a newer model ?
Just a quick note to say how good the worcester boiler is and thanks for fitting it ; great set of lads they did n't leave a mess either - great work " .
We want you to have a happy boiler all year round and that ’s why we have a local gas man available hours a day , days a week , days a year – yes , even christmas day !
Pay within days for a discount amount .
I would have thought if the continuity checks out on the gas valve , the engineer then tested the pcb ?
This is an effective way to make sure your sink remains unblocked , which you should repeat once a month this video shows you how .
With a new energy efficient boiler ?
Further information : company registration number : , company vat registration : .
Have a problem with your septic tank or cesspit ?
Our engineers are fully qualified .
How can i get rats out of my house ?
Extremely efficient service very professional staff who carried out the work in a pleasant , courteous manner excellent .
Ask a gas safe certified heating engineer to examine your system they will determine if replacement is the right solution and suggest certain boiler models after considering your home and budget .
How much money can you earn as a plumber ?
Local plumbers working together to be available day and night to assist you in any plumbming emergency .
In the government passed a law that requires all landlords who rent either part or all of a property to have all household gas appliances and pipes checked every months with a landlord gas safety certificate to this effect ?
Enter cta short d
Every day tiny segments of our DNA are chipped or fragmented or get stuck together when they should really be pulled apart .
But what our genome necessarily lacks in stability it makes up for with a phalanx of guards that monitor and repair the damage .
In new research in the journal Science , researchers at Rockefeller University and Harvard Medical School have pinpointed the role that two well - known proteins play in the repair of one of the most lethal types of DNA damage .
The damage , known as inter - strand crosslinks , occurs when the two strands of the double helix are linked together , blocking replication and transcription .
" Our cells encounter , on average , 10 inter - strand crosslinks a day , " says Agata Smogorzewska , head of the Laboratory of Genome Maintenance at Rockefeller University .
" We suspected that these two proteins directly participated in the repair process .
Until now , we knew that they localized to the sites of damage but we had no idea what they were doing there .
This work breaks that barrier . "
The two proteins , called FANCI and FANCD2 , are part of the Fanconi anemia pathway , which repairs inter -strand crosslinks .
If any one of the 13 proteins in this pathway is damaged , the result is Fanconi anemia , a blood disorder that leads to bone marrow failure and leukemia , among other cancers , as well as many physiological defects .
In 2007 , when Smogorzewska discovered FANCI , it was shown that the protein formed a complex with FANCD2 , which is then chemically altered through a process called ubiquitylation .
The chemically altered complex is then recruited to the site of the crosslink , where it joins forces with other repair molecules .
Beyond these details , the researchers knew that repair involves snipping out and replacing the damaged DNA , but did n't know if FANCI and FANCD2 play a role in this molecular tailoring .
Using a specialized cell system of frog egg extracts , the researchers found that the two proteins are essential in the excision and insertion steps , providing powerful evidence that Fanconi anemia is a bona fide DNA repair disorder , explains Smogorzewska .
The finding also explains why cells taken from Fanconi anemia patients die when exposed to inter- strand crosslink - inducing agents such as chemotherapy drugs .
" The beauty of this work is that we now have a system that enables us to explore the behavior of other key proteins in Fanconi anemia and form a picture of how they all work together , " says Smogorzewska .
" This will not only help shed light on how to fight cancer but how to maintain the stability of our genome . "
This is mentioned on the project page , but I just thought I 'd say it again .
It 's the NVIDIA rumor that wo n't die : no , not the one where the GPU maker buys tiny VIA , but the other one , where it jumps feet - first into competition with both Intel and AMD by producing an x86 processor of its own .
The idea has cropped up again in an analyst note from Doug Freedman of Broadpoint AmTech , in which Freedman claims that NVIDIA has been hiring former Transmeta engineers to work on a secret x86 processor that will appear sooner rather than later .
In the note seen by the EE Times , Freedman emphasizes that NVIDIA not will take on Intel 's Core i5 / i7 lineup .
Rather , the company 's plan is to it attack the mid-range to low - end market , possibly competing with AMD in the value segment .
Before unpacking the rumor , let 's lay out the full rationale for the " NVIDIA goes x86 , competes with Intel head - on " idea .
First and foremost among the reasons cited for NVIDIA 's alleged plans is the fact that we 're about to make another turn on Sutherland 's wheel of reincarnation , where graphics functionality will move back onto the CPU die .
When this happens , NVIDIA 's lucrative integrated graphics processor business is , of course , toast , which has to be one reason why the company went ahead and euthanized it a bit early .
This turn of the wheel is interesting because it's not just that the integrated graphics processors ( IGP ) will move from the chipset to the CPU , but retain their same basic degree of specialization .
Rather , both the integrated GPUs that go onto the CPU die and the more discrete models are essentially becoming many - core , general - purpose processors ( albeit specialized for multithreaded throughput and floating - point ) .
This makes the situation even more ominous for NVIDIA , because not only will Intel and AMD take their IGP market from them , but even in the discrete GPU market NVIDIA will also end up with a generalized processor that competes with x86 .
The ultimate point is that in both the discrete and integrated GPU markets , NVIDIA is already destined to compete directly with Intel and AMD , which means that an actual x86 product from NVIDIA means only that NVIDIA has decided to fight x86 with x86 , as opposed to fighting it with some non-x86 architecture .
What about those Transmeta engineers ?
The fact that NVIDIA has hired a bunch of ex-Transmeta guys does n't necessarily mean anything at all for this supposed x86 processor .
As the launch of Apple 's Snow Leopard , with its pervasive use of LLVM , makes clear , just - in - time compilation ( JIT ) is the way that everyone is going to tackle the many - core problem , at least in the near - term .
This is because even when you know at compile - time that your target architecture is x86 , you probably do n't know the number of x86 cores that users will have available , so you can delay some parts of the compilation process to runtime so that the output precisely fits the target machine 's hardware .
If you 're already using JIT by default to map code to hardware at runtime , then you can just target non-x86 cores as well , should any be present .
This is how Snow Leopard is able to take advantage of GPU hardware alongside multicore x86 for general - purpose computing tasks .
Because the software side of the GPU is already headed towards a heavy reliance on binary translation techniques , it makes sense that NVIDIA is scooping up Transmeta guys regardless of any plans to produce a CPU .
So , again , the Transmeta hires do n't necessarily augur much of anything .
In fact , the notion that NVIDIA might produce a non-x86 processor but use binary translation to sell it as an x86 competitor appears completely ridiculous .
Now , this does n't mean it wo n't happen — it just means that if it does , it 'll fail miserably and we 'll all have a laugh .
As for whether NVIDIA is actually planning an x86 CPU , I have no idea .
As I always say when this rumor crops up , the scuttlebutt from journalists who have sources is that NVIDIA is indeed going to bring such a beast to market .
I do n't have any sources — just a bit of sense — and I think that anyone who jumps into the x86 market at this point is completely nuts , especially if they decide to roll their own instead of buying VIA .
Il tablet di Apple , su cui si rumoreggiava ormai da tempo , è ufficiale ed ha un nome : si chiama iPad ed è stato recentemente presentato da Steve Jobs all 'evento Apple di San Francisco dello scorso mercoledì .
Vediamo cosa ha da offrire questo nuovo device .
Quando l'iPhone non basta più , entra in gioco il suo nuovo fratellone maggiore : iPad.
Progettato per esplorare il web in maniera intuitiva , visualizzare email , foto e video ( e molto altro ) , questa nuova chicca ipertecnologica firmata Apple vuole mostrare ancora una volta come la Grande Mela ( non parliamo di New York ... ) offra un'alternativa ai classici Tablet PC .
Secondo quanto riportato da Ansa , il nuovo prodotto di Apple è stato presentato da un Steve Jobs dimagrito ma in buona salute ed entusiasta del nuovo prodotto , vestito con il suo tradizionale jeans e girocollo nero .
L'iPad è a metà strada tra uno smartphone e un computer portatile ; il CEO della Apple lo ha definito " un prodotto davvero magico e veramente rivoluzionario " .
Forse limitante chiamarlo tablet : davvero infinite le sue peculiarità che lo rendono un Mac ultraportatile il cui design ricorda molto quello di un iPhone troppo cresciuto .
Iniziamo dal display : si tratta di un multi - touch di generose dimensioni pienamente compatibile con le applicazioni precaricate nell ' iPad , con supporto completo all 'accelerometro .
Grazie al display , la navigazione web non ha compromessi : il web surfing sarà ancora più facile ed intuitivo grazie all 'utilizzo delle proprie dita come sistema di puntamento .
No problem per la scrittura di messaggi di posta elettronica : l'ampia tastiera qwerty ( virtuale ) offre una digitazione immediata e sembra in grado di sostituire senza troppi problemi l'ingombrante tastiera fisica .
Tutto incentrato sulla potenza hardware e sull ' enorme display ultra brillante , iPad assicura anche una visione dei contenuti multimediali " senza precedenti " : ad esempio , l'applicazione Photos visualizza i propri scatti in un album in modalità pila tridimensionale .
Forse superfluo dire che il medesimo display può essere utilizzato non solo per la visione di filmati su YouTube , ma anche come device di output di flussi video in alta definizione e/o videofilm .
Immancabile l'applicazione iPod , con cui trarre il massimo dalla propria raccolta musicale , esplorando i brani per album , artista o genere semplicemente sfiorando le dita sul display .
Tutti conosciamo il principale motivo per il quale i tablet , almeno inizialmente , sono nati : gli iBook .
Tale nome contraddistingue anche una graziosa applicazione precaricata su iPad che permette di visualizzare una libreria in legno virtuale nella quale sono i nostri libri digitali , pronti per essere letti in mobilità .
Completano la dotazione software gli oltre 140.000 programmi scaricabili dall ' App Store , l'applicazione Maps , le Note , il Calendario , l'Agenda , un sistema di ricerca integrato , un'applicazione per la posta elettronica ed una homescreen davvero simile alla scrivania di Mac .
Iniziamo con i dati tecnici : il display , a LED , è grande 9,7 pollici in diagonale e , assicura Apple , è incredibilmente nitido e luminoso .
Poichè utilizza una tecnologia chiamata IPS ( in - plane switching ) , può vantare un ampio angolo di visuale che raggiunge quota 178 gradi .
La durata della batteria integrata ( da 25 Wh ) dovrebbe raggiungere le 10 ore ; gli ingegneri Apple hanno lavorato a lungo per integrare nell '
iPad la stessa tecnologia delle batterie ai polimeri di litio sviluppata per i notebook Apple .
Ciò che sorprende dell ' autonomia dichiarata riguarda il fatto che le 10 ore sono raggiungibili navigando in Wi -Fi , guardando video o visualizzando musica .
Non semplicemente stand - by .
iPad si carica tramite adattatore di ricarica o via USB , e nel frattempo può fungere da picture frame .
E ' già stata sviluppata una lineaccessori per iPad , che include una Keyboard Dock ( un supporto che pone il device inclinato in corrispondenza di una tastiera fisica ) , una Dock standalone , il kit di connessione a fotocamere , nonchè un robusto e versatile Case .
Le misure di iPad : 24 x 19 x 1.3 cm circa , per un peso che si attesta intorno ai 0,7 Kg. Quasi tutta la superficie anteriore , a meno di un bordo nero , è occupata dal display da 9,7 pollici di diagonale e caratterizzato dalla classica risoluzione di 1024 x 768 pixel ( con 132 punti per pollice ) .
La memoria di massa integrata si compone di un flash drive da 16GB , 32 GB oppure 64GB .
Elevate le performance assicurate da Apple grazie all ' integrazione di una CPU Apple A4 da 1 GHz .
A supporto della multimedialità , non solo il jack audio da 3,5 mm , ma anche speaker e microfono integrati .
Il piccolo tablet supporta video in HD fino a 720p e 30 frame al secondo .
Svariati i codec audio e video riconosciuti .
i Pad è offerto nelle versioni Wi - Fi e Wi -Fi+3G , il secondo del quale supporta , oltre a Bluetooth 2.1 stereo , anche reti GSM / EDGE nonchè UMTS / HSDPA .
Di " iPhoniana memoria " la presenza di accelerometro , bussola , A - GPS e sensore di luminosità ambientale .
Nella confezione di iPad troveremo , oltre al tablet , il connettore Dock con cavo USB , un caricabatteria da 10W e la documentazione necessaria all 'uso .
Che dire dei prezzi ?
Qui mi limito a riportare l'apposita tabella presente sul sito Apple , che include i diversi costi di iPad a seconda del tipo di modello ( in funzione della dotazione di memoria di massa e del tipo di connettività offerta ) ; da segnalare un incremento di 130 € per l'integrazione del modulo 3 G ...
Un " prezzo incredibile " , secondo Apple , che comunque si riferisce , attualmente , solo al mercato Americano .
iPad sarà infine disponibile a partire da fine marzo 2010 su Apple Store e a livello mondiale .
E per finire , un simpatico video ad alto contenuto satirico ( che cito da Repubblica .it ) che vede Hitler criticare duramente iPad
CINCINNATI --
After one try , New York Jets rookie Mark Sanchez has as many NFL playoff victories as the college coach who declared the quarterback was n't ready to turn pro .
USC coach Pete Carroll criticized Sanchez for his decision to enter the draft after his junior season .
The news Carroll was leaving USC for the Seattle Seahawks gave Sanchez the perfect opportunity to respond moments after winning his playoff debut 24 - 14 over the Cincinnati Bengals .
" I just wanted everybody to know I completely disagree with his decision , " Sanchez said , unable to stifle laughter .
" Statistics show that it's not a good choice . "
Here 's what Carroll said one year ago about Sanchez 's decision to enter the draft : " The facts are so strong against this decision .
After analyzing all the information , the truth is there , he should have stayed for another year .
He lost out on a chance to fully prepare himself .
The facts are there 's a 62 percent failure rate for underclassman quarterbacks . "
Statistics certainly did n't look like a failure Saturday .
Sanchez finished with only three incomplete passes -- one of them a dropped touchdown by Braylon Edwards -- and a 139.4 passer rating .
" I talk to Coach a bunch , " Sanchez said of Carroll , the former Jets and New England Patriots coach .
" I told him I was going to hammer him about it .
I wish him the best , whatever happens , whether he stays in school or not . "
Tim Graham covers the AFC East for ESPN.com .
So far the big story at CES 2010 is the seemingly inevitable march toward 3D TV .
Nearly every major manufacturer is announcing a high - end 3D HDTV at the show , including Sony , Vizio , and LG . (. )
And there is going to be new 3D content , too : , and ESPN started plugging the upcoming ESPN 3D on SportsCenter yesterday .
Add in the good timing that number one movie in the country — +$ 640 million and counting — is Avatar , also available in 3D .
There 's just one little problem , which no one here at CES seems to want to discuss : 3D TV just does n't look very good .
I saw Avatar in 3D at an IMAX theater over the holidays .
I liked the movie and was even game for wearing the goofy glasses .
The movie was spectacular , but the 3D effects fell flat .
Although parts of the picture would pop , the rest of the screen seemed to suffer for it .
More often than not , the effects distracted from the story instead of enhancing it .
There was one scene where some insects buzzing the foreground really caught me , but other than that I think I would have preferred plain old 2D , as long as it included IMAX , Dolby Surround , and a really comfy seat .
What 's more , the viewing experience became less about the story and more about spotting 3D effects .
That novelty might fade with time , but so will the patience with those glasses .
If you want a formula for failure , ask your customers to change their behavior to use your product .
Wearing 3D glasses is tolerable for an event like Avatar , but are the guys really going to gather around for the Sunday games wearing goggles ?
Probably not .
Definitely not , if the effects are as poor as what I have seen so far at CES .
Furthermore , retrofitting your living room for 3D is going to be expensive .
For most consumers , the privilege of watching a 3D version of Avatar at home could cost as much as $ 4,000 after the cost of a 3D - capable TV and 3D - compliant Blu-ray player is factored in .
After all , a big reason vendors are pushing 3D is so they can start selling HDTVS for more than $ 1,000 again .
( One savvy PCMag staffer found a 47 - inch Sharp LCD HDTV that does full 1080 p for just $ 800 this holiday .
Score !)
The economy might be turning upward , but not many of us can afford high - end TVs these days .
I should note that 3D TVs have been on the market for years .
Mitsubishi has been touting the 3D capabilities of its DLP HDTVs , mainly as a key differentiator for games .
Did you know that ?
No ?
That probably means there has n't been a huge market for it .
In a post - Avatar and ESPN 3D world , that will certainly change .
But it will also take a while before 3D TV really goes mainstream .
I 'm not being naive about costs ; they will come down eventually .
When the hordes howled at the $ 1,000 price tags for Blu-ray players a few years back , I told people to relax and wait for the volumes to bring prices down .
Now , for just $ 150 , no one would consider just buying a DVD player .
( Or , incidentally , a Blu-ray player without some built - in Internet streaming capability . )
Of course , prices will fall , but not in 2010 .
Probably not even in 2011 .
The one place I see 3D catching on faster is with gamers .
Nvidia and others are pushing 3D programming into gaming and it works great .
Gamers tend to be patient with new technologies , especially if it increases the realism of game play .
Can you imagine a bunch of geeks huddled in front of their TVs playing Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 in 3D ?
Yeah , me too .
Despite my reservations , I do think there is a future for 3D TV .
It just is n't the near future .
In many ways this is akin to the early days of HD , where there were a handful of channels that a pathetically small number of people could actually watch .
Who am I to argue with research firms like DisplaySearch , which predicts the 3D TV market will reach $ 1.1 billion in 2010 and swell to $ 15.8 billion by 2015 .
That may be , but Dan Costa Research guessestimates those sets will be showing 2D content 92 percent of the time they are on .
And if anyone tells you differently , those are n't 3D goggles they are wearing they 're rose - colored glasses .
Three cheers for Rep. Tammy Baldwin -- the Congresswoman will be chairing a Congressional Human Rights Commission hearing next week on Uganda 's proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill , which would make homosexuality a crime punishable by death .
This is a follow - up to Baldwin 's October 2009 letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in which she urged the U.S. to " use every means possible to convey to Ugandan leaders that this bill is appalling , reckless , and should be withdrawn immediately . "
POLICY UPDATE : Uganda ’s President Yoweri Museveni is now distancing himself from the discriminatory measure , which was introduced in the Ugandan Parliament in October 2009 .
( For more background , check out this post on the Advocates for Youth blog , as well as this backgrounder by Amplify contributor dandaman6007 . )
BBC News reports that Museveni has " admitted coming under international pressure . "
The president has received phone calls from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , and UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , all urging him to help stop the legislation .
( To quote from Museveni 's unfiltered remarks : " Ms. Clinton rang me .
What was she talking about ?
Gays . " )
This development represents a victory for human rights defenders across the world -- but it 's only an intermediate victory .
To explain , we might scrutinize the current state of affairs in terms of the good , the bad , and the downright ugly :
The Good : Grassroots pressure is working .
The news media 's latest round of Uganda updates focuses on the exertion of high - level power – i.e. , the fact that high - level diplomats are now leaning on the Ugandan government -- but the real story here is the work of ordinary people of conscience across the globe .
Here in the U.S. , your countless protests and rallies , petitions , and call - ins against the Anti-Homosexuality Bill have created a swell of political will , which in turn has moved Congress and our foreign policy establishment to action .
Secretary Clinton , for instance , condemned the Uganda bill as an " instrument of oppression " in a forthright speech on global human rights last month .
The Bad :
It 's not over till it 's over .
Be wary of this classic and consequential PR trick that human rights violators use time and time again ( because it often works ) : verbally signal reform in the press and in front of the watchdogs ; lay low for a little bit ; and then , when the climate of protest has quieted down , go back to your old habits of legislating impunity and discrimination .
By all accounts , the Ugandan Parliament and President Museveni are feeling the heat .
However , the Anti-Homosexuality Bill has n't been formally withdrawn or voted down yet .
Until this measure is dead ten times over , our continued pressure is absolutely necessary .
The Ugly : We do n't know for sure what will happen to this bill over the next few months , but we do know this :
Gay sex is already punishable by up to 14 years in jail in Uganda .
Accordingly , we should ask ourselves :
What will we do to end such state - perpetrated homophobia in Uganda ?
And what will we do to fight for full LGBTQ rights in Uganda , as well as in the dozens of other countries that criminalize " homosexual acts " ?
Among other opportunities , Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon has opened one door for us .
From a statement released earlier this week :
" [ Senator Wyden ] intends to sponsor legislation to amend U.S. trade laws to preclude countries that fail to adequately respect sexual orientation and gender identity as human rights from benefiting from any U.S. trade preference scheme . "
Putting it in a less technical way , here 's what Senator Wyden 's forthcoming bill would do :
If your government continues to outlaw homosexuality , the U.S. will cancel its special bilateral trade arrangements with your government .
In Uganda 's case , this means that it would no longer be able to enjoy its valuable duty - free imports into the United States .
Such targeted economic pressure can be very powerful .
On its part , Wyden 's measure has definite family resemblances to the divestment levers that helped end apartheid in South Africa .
Interested to hear what you think in the comments .
On an on - the - ground level , what more can we do to speak out on behalf of Uganda 's LGBTQ community and targeted LGBTQ communities across the world ?
There are a few certainties in life : death , taxes , writers making moronic decisions in the Hall of Fame vote , and Charlie Brown ’s baseball team getting trounced every summer .
For fifty years , Charlie Brown took the field with his makeshift ballclub – the piano playing Schroeder behind the plate , the apathetic Lucy in centerfield , the blanket - toting Linus at second , and Snoopy , the slobbery superstar , at shortstop – and took beating after beating .
Finding themselves on the wrong side of scores like 123-0 and 93- 0 on a regular basis , the Peanuts crew was just never the talented powerhouse that Charlie Brown hoped for .
But boy did they try .
Few managers , and few teams , would have the heart to go out there day - after - day against such odds , but Charlie Brown and his crew were forever optimistic .
It was endearing .
But losing takes it toll – if not on Charlie Brown ’s spirits then , at the very least , in the record books .
After decades of losing and seemingly - countless knockdown line - drives up the middle ( the first one came in 1963 ) , the stats ca n’t look too favorably on Team Peanuts .
However , save for a short time when Linus was also team statistician , no one has ever taken the time to compile their stats .
Granted , they are n’t going to be pretty , but someone should find the answer to the questions : how many games did Charlie Brown ’s team lose ?
how many did they win ?
how many times did Charlie Brown get knocked over by a line - drive ?
and so on …
If Retrosheet has taught us anything , it ’s that , in this day and age , just about anything is possible .
We do n’t exactly have box scores , scorecards , or play - by - play analysis of all the games Team Peanuts played , but we do have this :
The Complete “ Peanuts ” , Volume 1 .
For the past six years ( and for the next six years ) , Fantagraphics Books has been releasing the complete run of the Peanuts comic strip , with two years ’ of strips per volume at two volumes a year .
As of today , every Peanuts strip from 1950 through 1974 has been published and is available at your local store .
Using my collection of these books ( which only goes through 1970 for now – I ’ve got to get on that ) , I ’ve done my best to find every baseball - related strip produced in those twenty years and tally up any relevant stats that they reveal .
For the most part this means counting wins and losses and documenting any stated scores , though there are a few strips here and there that mention other stats .
I like to think of it as “ Retrosheet : The Peanuts Chronicles ” .
( Click “ Read More ” to continue reading . )
You may be surprised at some of the data that I found .
Maybe the number of total losses is lower than you expected , or the number of wins is too high ( or , for that matter , the number of championships that Team Peanuts played for ) …
I know I expected some higher loss totals .
But it does make sense if you think about it .
Some of the possible explanations :
The baseball season only lasts six months , and Charles Schulz could n’t exactly write a baseball strip everyday .
As such , there might be fewer total baseball strips than you might think .
Of this total number of strips , only a small percentage of them would tell you the final result of the game .
Instead , the strips might focus on something silly Lucy is doing in the field , or Charlie Brown ’s struggles with one particular batter , or just show the team practicing for a game .
Usually , we would only find out how a game actually ended if that was a part of the storyline – e.g. , Charlie Brown walking away depressed because he struck out to end the game or Lucy and the gang shrugging the loss off their shoulders because they ’ve “ built an immunity to losing . ”
It ’s still a cartoon world , so consistency with strips of years ’ past ca n’t be expected .
Much like how the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant might be 5 miles away from the Simpsons ’ home in one episode of The Simpsons and sharing a fence with it in another , we have to expect a little bit of flexibility in the Peanuts ‘ world .
If Charlie Brown is playing for the championship in one summer but ca n’t remember ever scoring a run the next , we ca n’t raise a fuss .
As I said above , my set of “ Complete Peanuts ” books only go through 1970 .
I do have access to other books published in the ’70s and later , but I am not going to include that data in the record until I get the complete data for that year .
The time that Snoopy chased Hank Aaron for the home run crown , for example , is n’t yet included in these data .
The data is listed year - by - year and grouped by decade .
All wins , losses , score updates , and other mentioned statistics are described .
I also tried to give a little bit of insight into what was happening in each given year .
As my collection of “ Complete Peanuts ” books increases , I ’ll update these pages .
This page will act as the main hub for the data , so feel free to bookmark it .
Click below for Charlie Brown ’s statistics by decade :
A few days before the wedding , a furious fiancée dumped her boyfriend after catching him fondling another girl 's boobs on Facebook .
The angry woman plastered posters all over Rome , when she saw snaps of her husband - to - be , identified as Antonio M. by the Italian media , embracing another woman on the social networking website .
On the posters , a picture - taken from Antonio 's Facebook profile - shows him nestling his head between a girl 's naked boobs .
This message can be read underneath " Thank goodness there 's Facebook !
At least I 've discovered you 're a traitor pig before the wedding !
Signed , your former betrothed bride and the 548 guests of our wedding " .
Note : according to our reader , Simon , this story is not real , but a viral campaign for the Italian movie " Feisbum " .
The guy with the boobs on his head is actor Corrado Fortuna , who plays the part of Antonio .
Google executives have privately fretted for years that the company ’s decision to censor the search results on google.cn , to filter out topics banned by Chinese censors , was out of sync with the company ’s official motto , “ Do n’t be evil . ”
“ We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all , ” David Drummond , senior vice president for corporate development and the chief legal officer , said in a statement .
Wenqi Gao , a spokesman for the Chinese Consulate in New York , said he did not see any problems with google .cn .
“ I want to reaffirm that China is committed to protecting the legitimate rights and interests of foreign companies in our country , ” he said in a phone interview .
In China , search requests that include words like “ Tiananmen Square massacre ” or “ Dalai Lama ” come up blank .
In recent months , the government has also blocked YouTube , Google ’s video - sharing service .
While Google ’s business in China is now small , analysts say that the country could soon become one of the most lucrative Internet and mobile markets , and a withdrawal would significantly reduce Google ’s long - term growth .
“ The consequences of not playing the China market could be very big for any company , but particularly for an Internet company that makes its money from advertising , ” said David B. Yoffie , a Harvard Business School professor .
Mr. Yoffie said advertising played an even bigger role in the Internet in China than it did in the United States .
At the time of its arrival , the company said that it believed that the benefits of its presence in China outweighed the downside of being forced to censor some search results here , as it would provide more information and openness to Chinese citizens .
The company , however , has repeatedly said that it would monitor restrictions in China .
Faith schools should be legally obliged to teach that homosexuality is " normal and harmless " , and gay civil partnerships should be replaced by true marriage , Nick Clegg said last night .
In a pitch for the gay vote unprecedented in its scope , ahead of a general election likely in May , the leader of the Liberal Democrats threw down the gauntlet to his opponents .
He called on the Tories , and in particular the Conservative leader David Cameron , who has voted against gay rights , to prove that they really supported full gay equality .
In an interview with The Independent columnist Johann Hari for today 's edition of Attitude magazine , Mr Clegg changed the terms of political debate on what it means to be gay in Britain .
The father - of - three detailed a series of proposals , among them :
* Force all schools – including faith schools – to implement anti-homophobia bullying policies and teach that homosexuality is " normal and harmless " .
* Change the law to allow gay men and women the same marital rights as straight couples , including the symbolic right to use the word " marriage " rather than civil partnerships .
* Reverse the ban on gay men being allowed to give blood .
* Guarantee any refugees genuinely fleeing a country because of persecution over their sexual orientation asylum in the UK .
* Review Uganda 's membership of the Commonwealth if its government was to bring in the death penalty for practicing gays .
Mr Clegg launched a withering attack on the Tories , describing David Cameron as someone who is “ very difficult to trust ” on the issue of gay rights .
His claim reflects an important battle between the Lib Dems and the Tories for the votes of liberal - minded voters in general , as well as the gay community .
The Lib Dem leader complimented Labour for its track record on gay rights , which has included the introduction of civil partnerships , the equalisation of the age of consent and the repeal of Section 28 , which forbode local authorities and schools from “ promoting ” homosexuality .
But more must be done , he said , to make Britain a place where homosexuality was no longer discriminated against .
But he denounced Mr Cameron .
“ He ’s a confection , ” said Mr Clegg .
“ I do n’t really know what he believes in .
I do n’t know what his convictions are and the reason is because they keep changing – and they seem to change for convenience .
So when it mattered , when people went through the lobby to vote on Section 28 , his convictions were on the wrong side .
Suddenly they ’ve changed and we get an apology ! ”
Mr Clegg questioned the Tory leader ’s record of supporting gay equality , highlighting how Mr Cameron voted against the repeal of Section 28 ( he last year apologised for the Tories ’ introduction of Section 28 ) and how he has allied his party with right - wing anti-gay groups in Europes .
“ The surveys of a lot of the next generation of Conservative MPs show massive residue of indifference at best , prejudice at worst , ” said Mr Clegg .
In his new year message , Mr Cameron pitched for the support of natural Lib Dems by declaring that there was a “ lot less disagreement than there used to be ” between the two opposition parties .
He was rebuffed by Mr Clegg , who sensed an attempt to hoover up Lib Dem votes .
Allies of Mr Cameron last night rejected Mr Clegg ’s criticisms .
They insisted that the Tory leader was not an opportunist , pointing out he apologised for his mistake on Section 28 when he ran for the Tory leadership in 2005 – not on the eve of this year 's general election .
“ David feels passionately about this issue , ” one aide said .
A Tory Government would include civil partnerships when it implemented its plans to change the tax system to reward marriage .
However , the Tories are unlikely to give full marital rights to gay couples .
If they win the election , the Tories might reverse the ban on gay men being allowed to give blood but are not expected to force faith schools to teach that homosexuality is normal or guarantee asylum to refugees fleeing because of persecution over their sexuality .
In his first speech to the Tories ’ annual conference as party leader , Mr Cameron won applause after stating his support for civil partnerships .
Mr Clegg ’s comments on marriage and faith schools will anger many religious communities and organisations .
A recent study by the gay rights group Stonewall found that bullying of gay pupils rose significantly in faith schools .
Asked whether the Lib Dems would make it a legal requirement for schools , including faith schools , to teach that homosexuality is normal and harmless , he replied : “ Yes – and crucially faith schools should have a requirement to have an anti-homophobic bullying policy at their school . ”
But speaking to The Independent last night , one senior Anglican bishop ( who asked not to be named ) said : “ I think this will go down badly even among the not overtly evangelical .
Instituting something that must be taught , come what may , is frighteningly fascist . ”
The Rev Janina Ainsworth , chief education officer for the Church of England , said she saw no reason why the current laws governing sex education in schools should change .
“ The Church ’s traditional teaching is that sex should be set within the framework of a faithful marriage , and sex education in church schools will be delivered within that context , ” she said .
“ At the appropriate stage within the sex education curriculum , all students , in all schools , should have the opportunity to examine the full range of views on different aspects of sex and sexuality , and to develop their own considered position .
Further upheaval of the guidance for sex education would not be welcomed by many schools , church or otherwise . ”
On marriage rights the Lib Dem leader also took the most openly progressive stance of the three main parties .
The current Labour government introduced civil partnerships in 2004 but stopped short of allowing gay couples to call themselves married because of a backlash from religious leaders .
But last night Mr Clegg asked : “ If we do n’t want to discriminate , why do we make differences in language ?
Language is a hugely important signifier of how we segment society and how you seek to create differences between people .
Since we do n’t want to make differences on this and the law has moved a great deal to do that , we should be linguistically the same too . ”
On asylum seekers – an issue which is notoriously unpopular with the electorate – Mr Clegg was equally bullish , describing Britain ’s asylum system as “ the most inhumane , irrational , cruel systems imaginable ” .
“ It ’s a moral stain on our collective consciousnesses , ” he said .
“ The public debate has transformed asylum seekers into threats rather than human beings . ”
He said Lib Dem policy would be that Britain should provide sanctuary to those fleeing persecution because of their sexual orientation : “ It ’s not just me that says this , it ’s international law that says it . ”
Ben Summerskill , chief executive of the gay rights group Stonewall , welcomed Mr Clegg ’s comments but added that he believed Mr Cameron had genuinely changed his views on gay rights .
“ Nick Clegg has always been very supportive and intuitive when it comes to gay rights , but I do believe Cameron is also committed , not least because being supportive to gay people is now integral to becoming a modern , electable 21st - century party , ” he said .
“ The fact is that any politician nowadays who twitches at the mention of homosexuality will have difficulty connecting with a voter under the age of 35 . ”
Gay rights : From Henry VIII to New Labour
1533 Henry VIII , a monarch not renowned for his celibacy , passes the Buggery Act , which makes anal intercourse an offence punishable by hanging , regardless of gender .
The practice continues apace .
1861 The death penalty is removed , but anal sex remains an offence punishable with imprisonment .
By 1885 the laws are expanded to prohibit sex between two men – it did not occur to the Victorians to legislate against sex between women .
1950s A number of high - profile homosexual men – including the wartime code breaker Alan Turing – are outed and prosecuted because of their sexual orientation .
Turing later committed suicide .
The government conducts a series of reports into gay equality and behaviour .
1967 The Sexual Offences Bill effectively decriminalises homosexuality , but the age of consent remains at 21 for gay men .
Widespread social acceptance remains far off .
1988
The gay rights movement suffers a setback when a Tory - led Parliament passes Section 28 , a by - law banning the " promotion " of homosexuality in local authorities and schools .
1994
The age of consent for gay sex is lowered to 18 , and finally lowered to 16 in 2000 .
2002 Section 28 is finally repealed despite opposition from the Conservatives .
David Cameron votes to keep it .
The same year , gay couples are given equal rights to adopt .
2004 Gay couples are allowed to wed in civil partnerships , but Labour stops short of allowing full marriage .
Mr Lieberman also leads a right - wing party , Yisrael Beiteinu Israel 's hardline Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has told Israeli ambassadors to stop " grovelling " and defend their national honour .
He told a shocked audience of some 150 envoys in Jerusalem to " stop turning the other cheek " whenever Israel was insulted , Israeli media report .
The envoys were reportedly given no right of reply at the conference .
" We received a monologue without being able to hold a discussion , " one unnamed ambassador told Haaretz newspaper .
' A response to everything '
Israel 's top diplomat , who worked as a nightclub bouncer in his youth in the USSR , is known for his abrasive style .
He famously once said that Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak could " go to hell " .
" I have seen that some ambassadors identify themselves with the other side to such an extent that they are all the time trying to justify and explain , " he told the ambassadors meeting at the foreign ministry , according to several reports of the event .
" Terms like ' national honour ' have value in the Middle East , " he was reported to have said .
" There must not be an attitude of obsequiousness and self - deprecation , and the need to always justify the other side .
This is the wrong approach .
" We will not turn the other cheek .
There will be a response to everything , " the reports quoted him as saying .
In an editorial , the liberal Haaretz condemned Mr Lieberman 's " shamefully bullying approach " and called for him to be sacked .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By By Gemma Fox Jan 22 , 2010 in World The Home Office in the UK has announced tonight that the UK terror threat level has been raised from ' substantial ' to ' severe ' .
The JTAC , based with MI5 , gathers information and capabilities about international terrorists and monitors their intentions .
UK terror threat levels : Low - attack is unlikely Moderate - attack is possible , but not likely Substantial - attack is a strong possibility Severe - attack is highly likely Critical - attack is expected imminently Breaking News on BBC News quotes the Home Secretary Alan Johnson as saying , " We still face a real and serious threat to the UK from international terrorism , so I would urge the public to remain vigilant and carry on reporting suspicious events to the appropriate authorities and to support the police and security services in their continuing efforts to discover , track and disrupt terrorist activity . "
He said that the level was not raised specifically because of the failed terror attempt in Detroit , USA .
He continues , " We have a very adept and very focused counter terrorism facility in this country , which consists of many police officers as well as security officers , so the public should be reassured by that . "
The raising of the terror threat level brings it up to almost the same level as the USA currently sits .
The Department of Homeland Security said , " The UK is raising their measures to effectively where we are with the airport security measures that we have taken and announced over the last few weeks .
We have enhanced our security measures and communicated specific information to industry , law enforcement and the American people . "
The Home Office in the UK ask the public to be more vigilant and contact the police if there is any activity they find suspicious .
The UK 's terror threat level has stood at ' substantial ' since July 09 but has now been raised which means the Home Office believe that a terrorist attack in the UK is highly likely .
The Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre ( JTAC ) was behind the decision as they recommended that the threat level in the UK should be raised .
It 's believed to be in response to the increased threat from international terrorism following last months failed bombing in Detroit .
JTAC , based with MI5 , gathers information and capabilities about international terrorists and monitors their intentions .
UK terror threat levels : Breaking News on Twitter suggests that the threat level has been raised due to the Afghan conference due to start in London on January 28 .
BBC News quotes the Home Secretary Alan Johnson as saying , " We still face a real and serious threat to the UK from international terrorism , so I would urge the public to remain vigilant and carry on reporting suspicious events to the appropriate authorities and to support the police and security services in their continuing efforts to discover , track and disrupt terrorist activity .
"
He said that the level was not raised specifically because of the failed terror attempt in Detroit , USA .
He continues , " We have a very adept and very focused counter terrorism facility in this country , which consists of many police officers as well as security officers , so the public should be reassured by that .
" The raising of the terror threat level brings it up to almost the same level as the USA currently sits .
The Department of Homeland Security said , " The UK is raising their measures to effectively where we are with the airport security measures that we have taken and announced over the last few weeks .
We have enhanced our security measures and communicated specific information to industry , law enforcement and the American people .
" The Home Office in the UK ask the public to be more vigilant and contact the police if there is any activity they find suspicious .
More about Terrorism , Threat , Afghan , Terrorist , Mi5 More news from terrorism threat afghan terrorist mi5 jtac
nmap -sT - O localhost
Starting Nmap 5.00 ( http://nmap.org ) at 2009-12-05 01:11 IST
Warning : Hostname localhost resolves to 2 IPs .
Using 127.0.0.1 .
Interesting ports on localhost ( 127.0.0.1 ) :
Not shown : 994 closed ports
PORT STATE SERVICE
21/tcp open ftp
22/tcp open ssh
25 /tcp open smtp
80 /tcp open http
3128 /tcp open squid - http
3306 / tcp open mysql
Device type : general purpose
Running : Linux 2.6.X
OS details : Linux 2.6.15 - 2.6.27
Network Distance : 0 hops
OS detection performed .
Please report any incorrect results at http://nmap.org/submit/ .
Nmap done : 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 2.15 seconds
netstat - anp | grep 3128
lsof - i | grep 3128
There are two basic approaches for listing the ports that are listening on the network .
The less reliable approach is to query the network stack using commands such asor .
This method is less reliable since these programs do not connect to the machine from the network , but rather check to see what is running on the system .
For this reason , these applications are frequent targets for replacement by attackers .
Crackers attempt to cover their tracks if they open unauthorized network ports by replacing netstat and lsof with their own , modified versions .
A more reliable way to check which ports are listening on the network is to use a port scanner such as nmap .
The following command issued from the console determines which ports are listening for TCP connections from the network :
The output of this command appears as follows : Next , check for information about the port usingor .
To check for portusing netstat , use the following command :
The command returns the following output : tcp 0 0 127.0.0.1:3128 0.0.0.0 :* LISTEN 1909 /( squid) tcp 0 0 127.0.0.1:3128 127.0.0.1:52913 TIME_WAIT
-tcp 0 0 127.0.0.1:3128 127.0.0.1:52914 TIME_WAIT
- The lsof command reveals similar information to netstat since it is also capable of linking open ports to services :
All 73,227 at University of Phoenix Stadium likely expected something unusual from No. 6 Boise State in the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl on Monday night .
But what ?
And when ?
Against No. 4 Texas Christian , the answer came midway through the fourth quarter with the score tied .
Boise State punter Kyle Brotzman threw on fourth - and - 9 from his 33 - yard line .
He calmly connected with open tight end Kyle Efaw for 29 yards , leading to the winning touchdown in a 17 - 10 victory .
The Western Athletic Conference Broncos ( 14 - 0 ) completed their second undefeated season since 2006 .
They avenged a 17 - 16 loss last season in San Diego and improved to 2 - 1 all - time against Mountain West Conference TCU ( 12 - 1 ) , all in postseason games .
Boise State joined Ohio State as the only 14 - 0 teams in college - football history .
The Buckeyes capped their 14 - 0 season with a national - championship win over Miami in the 2003 Fiesta Bowl .
TCU pulled even with 3:42 left in the third quarter on a 29 - yard field goal by Ross Evans , and the score remained tied at 10 entering the deciding 15 minutes .
The Horned Frogs drove off their goal line on their first possession of the fourth quarter , advancing from the 2 - yard line to the TCU 49 on consecutive passes from quarterback Andy Dalton to Jimmy Young .
Then the game turned when Boise State cornerback Brandyn Thompson , the Defensive Player of the Game , came up with his second interception , leaping in front of wide receiver Antoine Hicks .
The Broncos picked up a first down and then stalled , playing into the hands of coach Chris Petersen , a notorious gambler .
" We shifted into an awkward ( punt ) formation , " Petersen said .
" The personal protector makes the call ( to punt or pass ) .
As soon as he pointed back to the punter , it was music to our ears .
We had what we wanted .
We have 10 times more confidence in Kyle ( Efaw ) than he does in himself .
If Brotz is in the vicinity , he 's going to make the play . "
Efaw , named Offensive Player of the Game , said : " That 's a gutsy call .
I 'm glad it worked .
Everyone did their job .
They shifted out with it , so we knew it had a good chance .
We did n't audible out of it , and Brotz put it on the money . "
Quarterback Kellen Moore used the momentum to complete three consecutive passes for a combined 36 yards , then Doug Martin flipped into the end zone for his 15th touchdown of the season .
" We 've just had success with them ( trick plays ) for whatever reason , " Petersen said leading up to the game .
" We probably do n't average more than one a game , if that .
Those are the type of plays that people remember . "
Such as the Statue of Liberty play for the winning 2 - point conversion over Oklahoma , a 43 - 42 overtime victory , in Boise State 's first Fiesta Bowl and Bowl Championship Series appearance .
TCU drove from its 1 - yard line with 1:06 remaining to the Boise State 30 - yard line before safety Winston Venable intercepted a Dalton pass to put away the Horned Frogs with 18 seconds left .
Boise State confused TCU by using a 3 - 2 - 6 defense , and the Horned Frogs had problems in the first half due to faulty headphones that forced the offensive coordinator to move from the press box to the field .
" I had seen them jump from a four - man front to a three - man front , " TCU coach Gary Patterson said .
" They had done it before , but not the way they did it tonight .
They had n't moved their defensive linemen around .
They moved their all - conference corner ( Kyle Wilson ) to safety in their nickel and dime packages . "
Out of sync for the first 28 minutes of the first half , TCU came to life offensively in the final two minutes to score on a five - play , 62 - yard drive and trim its deficit to 10 - 7 at halftime .
Dalton completed passes of 12 and 7 yards as the Horned Frogs drove from their 38 - yard line to the Boise State 30 .
Then off a Dalton pump , wide receiver Curtis Clay got enough separation from Thompson to catch a 30 - yard touchdown pass with 49 seconds left .
Thompson was a first - quarter hero for the Broncos , stepping in front of Hicks to intercept a Dalton pass .
The junior cornerback had a clear path on his 51 - yard return for a touchdown less than four minutes into the game .
Danish police have shot and wounded a man at the home of Kurt Westergaard , whose controversial cartoons of the prophet Muhammad sparked a storm of Muslim protest five years ago .
Danish media reported last night that Westergaard , 74 , was at home near the city of Aarhus with his wife and grandchild when a 27 - year - old Somalian man armed with a knife and axe tried to break in .
Chief superintendant Morten Jensen , from East Jutland police , said : " At 10 pm a personal alarm was received from Mr Westergaard 's house . "
Officers found a man " armed with an axe and a knife in either hand , " he said .
" He broke a window of Mr Westergaard 's house .
He tried to attack one officer with an axe and he was shot in his right leg and his left arm . "
He said the man was not seriously injured and was now in custody .
In 2005 the Jyllands - Posten newspaper published a caricature by Westergaard depicting Muhammad wearing a turban shaped like a bomb with a fuse .
Islamic tradition says no image of the prophet should be produced or shown .
Danish embassies were attacked including the one in Damascus which was burned down in 2006 and death threats against Westergaard forced him into hiding .
In March 2008 Denmark 's three main newspapers reprinted the cartoon after the arrest of three men for plotting to murder the artist .
The three – a Dane of Moroccan origin and two Tunisians – were picked up in a dawn raid near Aarhus following a long surveillance operation by the country 's intelligence services , the PET .
The Dane was eventually released without charge and one of the two Tunisians was deported .
The other was sent to live in an asylum centre north of Copenhagen .
The Jyllands - Posten also carried a statement from the cartoonist revealing how he had feared for his life but then " turned fear into anger and indignation " .
" It has made me angry that a perfectly normal everyday activity , which I used to do by the thousand , was abused to set off such madness , " the statement added .
In today 's Jyllands - Posten , Westergaard described the incident : " He threatened to kill me .
I ran out to the bathroom where our security room is .
I was worried for my grandchild .
I was afraid .
" I knew that I could not match him .
So I alerted the police .
It was scary .
It was really close .
But we did it .
It was good . "
Westergaard was moved to a safe place last night but was unable to say what the attempted attack would mean for his future .
" It is too early to say .
I must speak with PET and then we will see , " he said .
Graphic Design
One of the industries that have received a boom in its activity since the internet was discovered is graphic design .
There are many now who wants to have a job in the field of graphic designing .
that is because it has many opportunities that could be found and that is related to it .
Graphic designing is now a must to be implemented by companies who want to make the presence of their company be felt in all aspect .
Organizations also and in most cases , all have to understand it .
The beginning of the use of graphic design is traced backed long ago as evidenced by what was discovered .
The term graphic design was introduced later only in the year 1922 courtesy of William Addison Dwiggins .
Before that , in the 1700s they are using the style already in the advertisement as was written .
The use of it has spread from the newspaper to almost everything like cards and notices .
During the 20th century that the style of graphic design became what we know today .
It is now used for everything even if you do not realize it .
The wrapper of products you are buying , the signage of the building , the magazine you are reading , the logo your company is now using , the covers of albums , the printed image in your computer screen , and many more .
There is more to graphic design so if you also want to try it then see the basic steps and guideline needed for it so you could start .
What makes it so great ?
One of the Best Companies for all 13 years , SAS boasts a laundry list of benefits -- high - quality child care at $ 410 a month , 90 % coverage of the health insurance premium , unlimited sick days , a medical center staffed by four physicians and 10 nurse practitioners ( at no cost to employees ) , a free 66,000 - square - foot fitness center and natatorium , a lending library , and a summer camp for children .
The architect of this culture -- based on " trust between our employees and the company " -- is Jim Goodnight , its co-founder , and the only CEO that SAS has had in its 34 - year history .
Some might think that with all those perks , Goodnight was giving away the store .
Not so .
SAS is highly profitable and ranks as the world�s largest privately owned software company .
Turnover is the industry�s lowest at 2 % .
SHARE
By of the
Waukesha -
A former member of the Brothers of the Holy Cross religious order who later became a Catholic priest pleaded guilty Friday and was convicted of sexually assaulting two boys in the Elm Grove area , one in the late 1970s and the other in the early 1980s .
Prosecutor Debra L. Blasius said the state will argue that James R. Blume receive a 10 - year prison term when he is sentenced March 26 .
Blume , 64 , was charged with two counts of sexual assault against a child .
He decided to enter guilty pleas Friday rather than take the case to trial and was found guilty by Waukesha County Reserve Judge Patrick L. Snyder .
Blume was charged in July with sexually assaulting a 13 - year - old boy in the winter of 1979 at the Sleepy Hollow Motel in Elm Grove .
The second sexual assault charge was added after another man came forward in October after hearing that Blume had been accused of molesting the 13 - year - old boy .
The man , now 41 , told Elm Grove Police that Blume had sexually assaulted him between April 1982 and January 1984 , starting when he was a 14 - year - old boy .
Blume can be prosecuted for the offenses three decades later because he did n't remain in Wisconsin long enough for the six - year statute of limitations then in place to expire .
Both victims told police they were sexually assaulted a number of times by Blume .
Blume in the criminal complaint acknowledged that he was forced to take a leave of absence from the priesthood in 1989 because of allegations made by a boy .
That boy is the second victim in the Waukesha County criminal case .
At the time , " the church was like GM .
It 's called cut your losses and run , so basically they handed me $ 50,000 and told me to start a new life , " Blume told Elm Grove police Detective Craig Mayer .
Blume worked in Wisconsin as a brother for the Catholic Church and lived at the St. Charles Boys Home in Wauwatosa before leaving in 1978 .
He also taught religious education classes at St. Luke 's parish in Brookfield in the 1970s , according to Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , which tracks sexual abuse cases .
Blume was ordained a diocesan priest on June 14 , 1980 , in Fort Wayne - South Bend ( Ind . )
Diocese , diocesan spokesman Vince LaBarbera said Friday .
Blume was removed from the priesthood in June 2007 , LaBarbera said .
A new research report published in the December 2009 print issue of The FASEB Journal could one day give men similar type of control over their fertility that women have had since the 1960s .
That 's because scientists have found how and where androgenic hormones work in the testis to control normal sperm production and male fertility .
This opens a promising avenue for the development of " the pill " for men .
The discovery also offers hope to those who cannot have children because of low sperm counts .
Although the research was conducted in mice , a similar effect is likely to obtain in other mammals , such as humans .
" This study provides a new opportunity to identify how androgens control sperm production , which could provide new insight for the development of new treatments for male infertility and perhaps new male contraceptives , " said Michelle Welsh , Ph.D. , co-author of the study , from the Centre for Reproductive Biology at The Queen 's Medical Research Institute in Edinburgh , UK .
To make this discovery , Welsh and colleagues performed studies in two groups of mice .
The first group of mice was normal , but the second group of mice was missing a gene from the peritubular myoid cells in the testis .
This gene that was missing codes for the androgen hormone receptor , and when missing , sperm production was significantly decreased when compared to the normal group .
The result was infertility .
" Although ' the pill ' arguably has been liberating for women since its development in the 1960s , a similar birth control drug for men has been elusive , " said Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , Editor - in - Chief of The FASEB Journal .
" Not only does this research pinpoint androgenic hormones and their cellular receptors as prime targets for the development of new birth control drugs , but it promises to speed the development of new agents to boost sperm production . "
Better beware of notions like genius and inspiration ; they are a sort of magic wand and should be used sparingly by anybody who wants to see things clearly .
( José Ortega y Gasset , “ Notes on the novel ” )
Does one have to be a genius to do mathematics ?
The answer is an emphatic NO .
In order to make good and useful contributions to mathematics , one does need to work hard , learn one ’s field well , learn other fields and tools , ask questions , talk to other mathematicians , and think about the “ big picture ” .
And yes , a reasonable amount of intelligence , patience , and maturity is also required .
But one does not need some sort of magic “ genius gene ” that spontaneously generates ex nihilo deep insights , unexpected solutions to problems , or other supernatural abilities .
The popular image of the lone ( and possibly slightly mad ) genius – who ignores the literature and other conventional wisdom and manages by some inexplicable inspiration ( enhanced , perhaps , with a liberal dash of suffering ) to come up with a breathtakingly original solution to a problem that confounded all the experts – is a charming and romantic image , but also a wildly inaccurate one , at least in the world of modern mathematics .
We do have spectacular , deep and remarkable results and insights in this subject , of course , but they are the hard - won and cumulative achievement of years , decades , or even centuries of steady work and progress of many good and great mathematicians ; the advance from one stage of understanding to the next can be highly non-trivial , and sometimes rather unexpected , but still builds upon the foundation of earlier work rather than starting totally anew .
( This is for instance the case with Wiles ‘ work on Fermat ’s last theorem , or Perelman ‘s work on the Poincaré conjecture . )
Actually , I find the reality of mathematical research today – in which progress is obtained naturally and cumulatively as a consequence of hard work , directed by intuition , literature , and a bit of luck – to be far more satisfying than the romantic image that I had as a student of mathematics being advanced primarily by the mystic inspirations of some rare breed of “ geniuses ” .
This “ cult of genius ” in fact causes a number of problems , since nobody is able to produce these ( very rare ) inspirations on anything approaching a regular basis , and with reliably consistent correctness .
( If someone affects to do so , I advise you to be very sceptical of their claims . )
The pressure to try to behave in this impossible manner can cause some to become overly obsessed with “ big problems ” or “ big theories ” , others to lose any healthy scepticism in their own work or in their tools , and yet others still to become too discouraged to continue working in mathematics .
Also , attributing success to innate talent ( which is beyond one ’s control ) rather than effort , planning , and education ( which are within one ’s control ) can lead to some other problems as well .
Of course , even if one dismisses the notion of genius , it is still the case that at any given point in time , some mathematicians are faster , more experienced , more knowledgeable , more efficient , more careful , or more creative than others .
This does not imply , though , that only the “ best ” mathematicians should do mathematics ; this is the common error of mistaking absolute advantage for comparative advantage .
The number of interesting mathematical research areas and problems to work on is vast – far more than can be covered in detail just by the “ best ” mathematicians , and sometimes the set of tools or ideas that you have will find something that other good mathematicians have overlooked , especially given that even the greatest mathematicians still have weaknesses in some aspects of mathematical research .
As long as you have education , interest , and a reasonable amount of talent , there will be some part of mathematics where you can make a solid and useful contribution .
It might not be the most glamorous part of mathematics , but actually this tends to be a healthy thing ; in many cases the mundane nuts - and - bolts of a subject turn out to actually be more important than any fancy applications .
Also , it is necessary to “ cut one ’s teeth ” on the non-glamorous parts of a field before one really has any chance at all to tackle the famous problems in the area ; take a look at the early publications of any of today ’s great mathematicians to see what I mean by this .
In some cases , an abundance of raw talent may end up ( somewhat perversely ) to actually be harmful for one ’s long - term mathematical development ; if solutions to problems come too easily , for instance , one may not put as much energy into working hard , asking dumb questions , or increasing one ’s range , and thus may eventually cause one ’s skills to stagnate .
Also , if one is accustomed to easy success , one may not develop the patience necessary to deal with truly difficult problems ( see also this talk by Peter Norvig for an analogous phenomenon in software engineering ) .
Talent is important , of course ; but how one develops and nurtures it is even more so .
It ’s also good to remember that professional mathematics is not a sport ( in sharp contrast to mathematics competitions ) .
The objective in mathematics is not to obtain the highest ranking , the highest “ score ” , or the highest number of prizes and awards ; instead , it is to increase understanding of mathematics ( both for yourself , and for your colleagues and students ) , and to contribute to its development and applications .
For these tasks , mathematics needs all the good people it can get .
Further reading :
“ How to be a genius “ , David Dobbs , New Scientist , 15 September 2006 .
[ Thanks to Samir Chomsky for this link . ]
“ The mundanity of excellence “ , Daniel Chambliss , Sociological Theory , Vol. 7 , No. 1 , ( Spring , 1989 ) , 70 - 86 .
[ Thanks to John Baez for this link . ]
Closure conversion
In C , the closest construct to lexically - scoped anonymous functions are function pointers .
But , anonymous functions cannot be compiled directly to function pointers , because functions must be declared at the top - level , and this means that they cannot capture local environments .
To turn anoymous functions into function pointers , the compiler must remove all of their free variables .
Closure conversion eliminates free variables by making an explicit environment structure , and forcing free variables to be accessed through that structure .
Then , every procedure expects to receive that environment structure as a parameter .
Given a lambda term :
( lambda ( v1 ... vN ) ... x ...)
x
( closure ( lambda ( $env v1 ... vN ) ... ( env - get k x $ env ) ... ) ( make-env- struct k ( x1 x1 ) ... ( xN xN ) ) )
closure
MakeClosure ( lambda_k , alloc_env_k(x1 ,...xN ) )
struct env_k { //
All free variables : Value x ; ... } ; struct env_k * alloc_env_k ( Value x , ... ) { struct env_k* t = malloc ( sizeof ( struct env_k ) ) ; t->x = x ; ... return t ; } Value lambda_k ( struct env_k* $env , Value v1 , ... Value vN ) { ... $ env ->x ... }
whereis a free variable , a closure conversion algorithm might turn this into something like : During efficient closure conversion , each closure expression gets an idthat is also tied to its lambda term and its environment structure .
In C , thisexpression might then become : and :
Then , wherever a closure is invoked :
( f arg1 ... argN )
( tmp = [ compile f ] , tmp.clo.lam(tmp.clo.env , [ compile arg1 ] , ... , [ compile argN ] ) )
it compiles into :
There are many variations on closure representation , but the one above is among the simplest efficient representations .
The compiler below differs only slightly , by making environments into first - class values .
Representing values
The compiler below opts for a ( space - inefficient ) encoding of values as tagged unions instead of a representation that confiscates a few bits of every word for tag bits :
enum Tag { VOID , INT , BOOLEAN , CLOSURE , CELL , ENV } ; typedef union Value ( * Lambda ) ( ) ; struct
Int { enum Tag t ; int value ; } ; struct Boolean { enum Tag t ; unsigned int value ; } ; struct Closure { enum Tag t ; Lambda lam ; void * env ; } ; struct Env { enum Tag t ; void * env ; } ; struct Cell { enum Tag t ; union Value * addr ; } ; union Value { enum Tag t ; struct Int z ; struct Boolean b ; struct Closure clo ; struct Env env ; struct Cell cell ; } ; typedef union Value Value ;
Value
t
Value
v
v.t
Creating values
Note how the first word of every struct in the unionis a tag , and that the union itself includes the tag field .
This means that , given access to a , it is the referenceis always the tag field .
In C , a Value can not be declared as an expression without a name , and yet , to map Scheme code directly into C , we will have create many Value - returning expressions .
For instance , the Scheme value 3 will have become a C - level expression equivalent to the value of n after executing :
union Value n ; n.t = INT ; n.z.value = 3 ;
A straightforward solution is to create static functions that build the structs and return them .
Because these functions are marked static , any reasonable compiler ( like GCC ) will inline them :
static Value MakeClosure ( Lambda lam , Value env ) { Value v ; v.clo.t = CLOSURE ; v.clo.lam = lam ; v.clo.env = env.env.env ; return v ; } static Value MakeInt ( int n ) { Value v ; v.z.t = INT ; v.z.value = n ; return v ; } static Value MakeBoolean ( unsigned int b ) { Value v ; v.b.t = BOOLEAN ; v.b.value = b ; return v ; } static Value MakePrimitive ( Lambda prim ) { Value v ; v.clo.t = CLOSURE ; v.clo.lam = prim ; v.clo.env = NULL ; return v ; } static Value MakeEnv(void* env ) { Value v ; v.env.t = ENV ; v.env.env = env ; return v ; } static Value NewCell ( Value initialValue ) { Value v ; v.cell.t = CELL ; v.cell.addr = malloc( sizeof ( Value ) ) ; *v.cell.addr = initialValue ; return v ; }
Code
Resources
Gambit , a full - featured Scheme - to - C compiler .
Christian Queinnec 's Lisp in Small Pieces :
The K&R language standard is particulary helpful when it comes to portably abusing unions , structs and function pointers :
GCC extensions to C.
If you 're willing to compromise portability , GCC offers many extensions ( like first - class labels ) to take the performance of generated code to within a hair 's width of writing raw assembly .
Related pages
Nearly one in five Americans said they lacked the money to buy food at some point in the last year , according to a survey co-sponsored by the Gallup organization and released by an anti-hunger group .
The numbers soared at the start of the current recession , but dipped in 2009 despite the continuing rise in unemployment .
The anti-hunger group , the Food Research and Action Center , attributed that trend to falling food prices , rising enrollment for food stamps and an increase in the amount of the food stamp benefit .
More than 38 million Americans  one in eight  now receive food stamps , a record high .
He is rated a 10 in my book …
He is very concerned , helpful , cares and goes beyond the call of duty to get you results .
He calls you and talks with you as well makes suggestions in your best interest and I am very grateful for Attorney Hofrichter …
He is an expert in his field and an excellent attorney … .
Hire him today and get positive results with your case .
the adventure of a robot in love : machinarium
Machinarium is a point and click adventure game which brought me back to the good old days of such games .
You control a small and cute ( this is my feminine side speaking ) robot through its journey to find its lost beloved one in a cruel robot world !
It has beautiful hand - made style graphics ( as you can see on the screenshots ) and the robot world is designed almost as I would have imagined it .
Its music is a great company to the graphics .
Note that when you buy the game you also receive its soundtrack in MP3 format !
There is a lack of speech , but the communication is being done well using speech bubbles which explains everything clearly .
After all , in a robot world English ( or any other human language ) ca n’t be an option !
It incorporates a large number of puzzles , in a great variety , from simple games ( e.g. a large tic - tac - toe variation and an arcade asteroids game ) to more complicated puzzles .
Some of them are hard enough even for an experienced adventure games player ( maybe due to the lack of explanation ) but everything is solvable with some attention and patience .
After successfully using an item , it is disposed so the inventory is n’t full with unusable items ( actually when I finished the game , I had 2 items left in my inventory but it was n’t annoying at all ) .
But enough with the praise , let ’s talk for the bad stuff :
It ’s a little bit annoying that you cannot just deselect an item in use and instead you have to return it to the inventory .
Also , it might become boring at some point to have to watch the full animation of the robot walking up the stairs to go to another floor etc .
The only actual downfall of the game is the use of Flash as the development platform .
Right - click does nothing ( actually it displays the frustrating Flash player menu ) when it could be used for example to deselect an item of the inventory ( if another development platform was used since Flash does n’t support right - click functionality as far as I ’m aware ) .
Also , the point - and - click system is n’t as precise as someone would expect it to be , so you might find yourself at some point clicking in the wrong place and making a wrong move .
But these facts could n’t prevent even a huge Flash hater like myself to play and enjoy this amazing game !
Before I forget , you cannot die in the game , so feel free to explore and try anything that you can think !
You can download the demo and / or buy the full game from its official website .
Also , since you ’re clearly interested in games I would suggest that you visit zuckr.com , where you can find news and reviews for the best free online games !
Random House Declares Ownership of All Ebook Rights ; Everyone Chuckles
There is a clanking noise upstairs in the playroom .
We look away from our cocktails and conversation and exchange worried glances .
What could be the matter ?
A lover 's quarrel ?
A drunken brawl between jealous partygoers ?
Next there is a rumble on the staircase .
Somebody is coming down !
When we see who it is , first we gasp and then we smile .
It is Random House , naked as an angel , wearing a pot on its blonde little head like a crown and banging the pot with a kitchen spoon that it wields like a jeweled scepter .
" I AM RANDOM HOUSE ! " says the fuzzy - naveled rapscallion .
" I OWN EVERYTHING !
" We all laugh and raise our glasses .
"
You do n't own any underwear , looks like ! " shouts a drunken wag from the corner of the ballroom .
" Somebody is not going to get their special good - guy toy if they break the deal and do n't stay upstairs during the big people party , " says Random House 's mom , rushing to cover her naked child .
" I do n't care ! " says Random House .
" I do n't need a special good guy toy !
I own all the elctronic rights to the entire backlist of Random House books !
If some Random House writer wants to sell their electronic rights to some upstart " internet publisher , " well they can 't !
Because I own them !
I OWN EVERYTHING ! " " Where is Google ? " asks Random House 's mom , frustrated .
" GOOGLE !
" There is another clatter on the staircase .
Random House 's addled German nanny presents herself , swaying slightly .
Her fat red nose , wet lips , and wet eyes reveal that she has been enjoying her own party all night long , secretly taking little nips from her flask in dark corners .
" Yes mum , " says Google .
" Take Random House back to the playroom , " says Random House 's mom , sternly .
" What sort of nonsense are you filling my child 's head with ? " " Just bedtime stories , mum , " says Google .
" Stories of antediluvian empires and old spiteful gods .
" " Well , it wo n't do .
Now go to bed .
The both of you . " " BUT mooooooooommmmmmmmmmm .... " says Random House .
" To bed !
" Google sweeps up Random House and rushes upstairs .
We all cheer and laugh and raise our glasses .
From the balcony , Random House makes a face at us , but you can tell it likes the attention .
From : aschedjidoi
2010-01 - 17 12:11 am ( UTC )
You should have reported the comment to his manager .
If a clerk is stupid , and has stupid ideas about the world , it 's best if they kept their mouth shut .
From : falling_empress
2010-01 - 17 12:16 am ( UTC )
I agree ; sexism in the workplace is bad enough , but it 's probably even more undesirable to someone who wants to sell a product .
Report it !
From : kiwiana
2010 -01 - 17 12:13 am ( UTC )
Now I just kind of want to hear Dethklok sing a Hannah Montana song .
O_o
From : sinkandrise
2010 -01 - 17 12:13 am ( UTC )
Yeah , wow , holy shit sexism right thar .
Side note , wicked choice ! >:D
From : peefy
2010-01 - 17 12:14 am ( UTC )
What .
There are TONS of women who listen to metal , for starters , and who are Dethklok fans because the music and show are great , not to mention that what , at least a third , if not more , metal - genre bands have female vocalists ?
What a tool .
I would have been all over complaining to a manager about that guy ( unless he was a manager , yuck ) .
From : chaos_vaan
2010 -01 - 17 01:29 am ( UTC )
My cousin is actually the lead singer in " Walls of Jericho " which is a heavy metal / scream - o band . <3
Metal runs through my blood .
( Deleted comment )
From : xforge
2010-01 -17 12:51 pm ( UTC )
If he 'd said Hannah Montana to me with a straight face I 'd have shot him in the crotch .
( Deleted comment )
( Deleted comment )
From : peefy
2010-01 - 17 12:25 am ( UTC )
But ... apparently she was not included in her own assessment of " girl 's " music tastes ?
From : unhipster
2010-01 -17 12:16 am ( UTC )
What an idiot .
Even if that 's what he thinks , anyone with a shred of common sense would keep such thoughts to themselves .
I 'm pretty sure it is n't part of his job to be rude to customers .
From : xforge
2010-01-17 12:53 pm ( UTC )
Ca n't believe there are still record - store guys like that .
People , if you hate all but a tiny percentage of published music and want to throw up on anyone daring to request anything so utterly pedestrian as a Ry Cooder disc , maybe retail music is not for you .
From : angi_is_altered
2010-01 - 17 12:17 am ( UTC )
I would have found his manager and had a few choice words to share .
From : adoxography_tea
2010-01 - 17 12:21 am ( UTC )
Firsly , I 've been listening to Metal for longer than I 'd like to admit .
I 'm a HUGE Dethklok fan ( saw " them " live ) .
And actually know more GIRLs than GUYS who like Dethklok !
Secondly , I think you should call back and report that ass - hat to the manager .
Sure you got steamed and vented a little , but can you imagine if he does that to some other girl that comes in there ?
Makes her feel ashamed about who she is and what she likes just because some asshole working in the store thinks he knows what kind of music women CAN and CAN 'T listen to ?
Thirdly , I agree with the " headbutt " option another user posted .
From : tree_ish
2010-01-18 04:51 pm ( UTC )
Yes , do call the manager .
If I were you , I woulda just walked out and bought the music somewhere else ( not chastising you for staying , though ) .
I think the manager would prefer to know that s/he 's got an employee who could chase away customers , and that it was your maturity and patience kept you a customer that time .
From : mi_chan13
2010-01 -17 12:22 am ( UTC )
I would have complained to the manager ... and not bought the Dethklok album at that location :/
From : minxyminou
2010-01 - 17 12:24 am ( UTC )
Agree .
I would have voted with my wallet .
From : snh_snh_snh
2010-01 -17 12:22 am ( UTC )
[ Sarcasm ]
Oh , yes !
Girls only listen to nice music about love and kittens and flowers with pretty , pretty acoustic guitar in the background !
* giggles * [ / Sarcasm ]
What an fool .
From : megumi_kitten
2010 -01 - 17 01:09 am ( UTC )
I would LOVE to see a metal album about love and kittens and flowers , personally .
From : killclosedrown
2010-01 - 17 12:23 am ( UTC )
Fuuuuuuuuck that .
I go to metal shows , I headbang , AND SO DO ALL THE OTHER GIRLS THERE !!
From : saciel
2010-01 - 17 12:24 am ( UTC )
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGEEE
WTF and even Hannah Montana ?
HANNAH MONATANA ?!
Did he think you were 12 or something ?
Maybe he has a glasseye ... TWO of them .
URGH .
I have no words for the urge of what I want to do with that guy .
RAGE .
oh wait I have some :
Not buying there and writing a nice letter to the location manager to WHY .
A psychologist took aim at one of the central justifications for California 's ban on same - sex marriage in federal court Friday , saying researchers overwhelmingly agree that gays and lesbians make just as good parents as heterosexuals .
More than 100 studies have found that " children who are raised by gay and lesbian parents are just as likely to be well - adjusted , " Michael Lamb , chairman of the department of social and developmental psychology at Cambridge University in England , testified at the San Francisco trial of a lawsuit seeking to overturn Proposition 8 .
Lamb quoted the American Psychological Association 's 2004 policy statement that gays and lesbians are " as likely as heterosexual parents to provide supportive and healthy environments for their children . "
Seven other nationwide professional organizations have taken similar positions , he said .
Prop. 8 , a November 2008 initiative , amended the state Constitution to define marriage as the union of a man and a woman .
The measure overturned a May 2008 state Supreme Court ruling that allowed gays and lesbians to marry .
The lawsuit by two same - sex couples and the city of San Francisco contends Prop.
8 discriminated unconstitutionally on the basis of sexual orientation and gender and had no justification except prejudice .
The nonjury trial , the first in any federal court on same - sex marriage , began Monday before Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker .
Protect Marriage , the religious coalition that sponsored Prop. 8 , argues that the measure was intended to promote traditional marriage because children are better off with their biological parents .
A document on the Protect Marriage Web site , quoted in court , said studies have found that same - sex parents are prone to " gender confusion " and are more likely than heterosexual parents to abuse their children and to raise daughters who become lesbians .
There is no evidence for those assertions , said Lamb , a child development researcher for almost 40 years and former head of a section of the U.S. government 's National Institutes of Health .
" No research shows that kids need to be protected from gays or lesbians , " he said , and studies also contradict the claim that children are better off with their genetic parents than with adoptive parents .
The only established differences , Lamb said , are that children of same - sex parents are more likely to be bullied by their peers and are less likely to have stereotyped attitudes about gender .
For example , he said , they 're less prone to thinking that girls should aspire to become nurses while boys should become doctors .
In cross-examination , Protect Marriage lawyer David Thompson labeled Lamb a " committed liberal , " citing his membership in such organizations as the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Organization for Women , and his financial contributions to the Public Broadcasting System .
Thompson also said scientific research is not immune from political influence and that " history is littered with scientific theories universally accepted and proven to be wrong . "
He said other studies called Lamb 's conclusions into question - for example , research showing that children do better with biological parents than with stepparents .
Lamb said such findings would n't shake his view that sexual orientation makes no difference in parenting .
Plano Family Law Attorney
Serving Collin , Dallas , Denton , Tarrant and Surrounding Counties Life is filled with unexpected situations which can lead to difficult and stressful decisions .
If you are facing a complicated divorce , custody battle , or other family law issue , seek dedicated legal representation that strives to achieve positive outcomes for you and your family .
At the Law Office of Alma R. Benavides , we can help you make the right decisions for you and your family .
Committed to the needs of our clients , we offer realistic solutions and carefully review your goals so you can make important life - changing decisions for today and tomorrow .
Using her comprehensive legal knowledge , experience and training , attorney Alma R. Benavides has helped many clients achieve their goals and protect their interests , in the courtroom through litigation , as well as outside of the courtroom in an amicable fashion using mediation or the collaborative law process .
Devoted to You and Your Family
As a dedicated and skilled lawyer , Alma R. Benavides has extensive experience guiding clients through the divorce process and other family law issues .
She has represented clients in cases involving :
Child custody and support
Enforcement , possession , visitation access and child support
Grandparent rights
Adoptions
Termination of parental rights
Protective orders
Spousal support / alimony
Premarital agreements
Paternity
Child Protective Services
Same - sex relationships
Parental Alienation
Property division and characterization
Understanding the Process
Because your future lifestyle and that of your family is at stake , it is important for you to understand the different options that are available so that you are able to make an informed decision regarding your future .
Whether you are litigating a contested family law matter , mediating or working in a collaborative fashion to resolve your family dispute , understanding whether you litigate , mediate or use the collaborative law process will make a difference in your family law case .
only ¼ of the actual crimes get reported
4000
7
7 out of 4000 crimes get resolved at all
99.825 % of the crimes committed go unpunished
It was pretty enlightening to hear Francisco de Narváez today on TV .
Talking about the huge crime problem we have in Argentina some of the things he said made me feel less paranoid , while others made me feel a bit naïve .
First , .
We ’re talking about home invasions robberies , etc .
Serious stuff that would land you in jail but here , getting mugged at gunpoint does n’t deserve the waste of time of going to the police station .
Home invasion or a brake in ?
No one takes prints .
That ’s stuff seen on cable TV .
Think good old FerFAL is BSing you ?
Stay with me for a second longer .
You see , this is what my gut instinct has been telling me for many years now , and what I ’ve transmitted to you , my faithful reader :
The feeling , the sensation that here , we have to fend for ourselves .
Why do I have this sensation ?
Well , because as De Narvaez explained today , out orcrimes that get reported ( remember , only ¼ only get reported at all ) only , that ’s right just , with the criminal ending up behind bars .
In case you do n’t have your calculator near by , that means that .
Its VERY easy to become a bandido in Argentina .
You have to be drop dead stupid to end up behind bars … or innocent .
Makes sense .
Usually , when I mention some of the terrible crimes committed in my country , there ’s rarely ever a follow up news with the criminals getting caught .
Even worse , sometimes they just put in jail some guys with a criminal history they just manage to get their hands on , but eventually get released or even worse , get convicted for something they did n’t do .
This happens often enough , we have a term for this , the infamous “ perejil ” , the guy that has no funds , no friends and happened to be on the wrong place at the wrong time , cops put the blame on him and throw him in a cell .
There we go community , we caught the bad guy !
People relax , maybe a couple years later the guy gets released , but hey they got the angry crowd off their backs back then .
Lets cover all this wonderful stuff with hot chocolate syrup , ok ?: Only 7 % of the Argentine border is monitored by radar .
For the other 93 % planes full of drugs or guns can fly back and fourth as the want .
Brazil , Chile , Uruguay , all neighboring countries , they have 100 % of their borders covered .
But once they get to our side , nothing .
No one cares , no one is controlling .
For this reason Argentina is now one of the largest producers and distributors of drugs of all kinds in Latin America .
So yes my friends , I ’m not nuts and Argentina is as messed up as I ’ve always said .
In spite of all this we keep going .
As I got home tonight , 9 PM , I watched the city : People rushing home , scared , looking all around them .
Cars speeding , ignoring traffic signs .
The few pharmacies left opened , doing business through closed barred doors .
Yesterday there was a big car accident in front of my home .
I called 911 ( yes , here too ) I was put on hold .
Got tired of waiting and hanged up .
An ambulance drove by but was heading somewhere else .
Both cars were totaled but the passengers where ok , one of the cars ended up crashing against a house , throwing down a sign and tree .
This happens often because as I said before , when it gets dark people just ignore traffic lights because of the robberies .
That ’s how we live her my friends , take care and good luck .
FerFAL
The World from Berlin Execution Underscores ' China 's Contempt for the West '
Coming on the heels of its efforts to derail climate change talks in Copenhagen and the stiff prison sentence handed over to a political dissident popular in the West , German newspapers see the handling of the prosecution and execution of a British citizen in China as the latest example of the country 's " immature " behavior on the global political stage .
Message boards and blogs devoted to the Edmonton Oilers are ablaze with talk that Nikolai Khabibulin could be done for the year as he has surgery to repair a herniated disc .
Having suffered through the same injury , if he's had to go the surgical route , it 's severe .
At this point , a surgery like this brings into question Khabibulin 's ability to continue his career in the NHL .
If that 's the case , Steve Tambellini has caught an amazing break in the world of cap management .
Of course , the injury leaves him with a significant hole in the lineup as Khabibulin was brought in specifically to be a big - game goaltender and a playoff workhorse .
For a team like the Oilers , battling along in 10th place , Tambellini has two options :
a . Find an affordable goaltending option to split time with Jeff Deslauriers and hope that superior defense saves the season .
b. Let Jeff Deslauriers and Devan Dubnyk split the work for the rest of the season and see if either one is a long - term solution .
Given the continuing state of the goaltending market , Tambellini should n't have to do anything major to land a serviceable goalie to help out the rest of the way .
This is exactly why I think that Tambellini and his shadow management group will choose :
c. Go after a big name goalie and try to hit a home run .
Enter Tomas Vokoun .
This weekend , Chris Botta reported that Randy Sexton is actively shopping Vokoun to anyone that will have him in what can only be a salary dump .
He also falls into the light - thinking trap of reporting that Vokoun " ... has the 2010 - 11 season left on his contract at a hefty $ 6.3 million ... " even though his cap hit is $ 5.7 million .
While the $ 6.3 million may matter to a somewhat cash - strapped team like Florida , the cap hit matters most to teams that fly close to the cap ceiling .
Teams such as ... the Edmonton Oilers .
If Khabibulin down and out for good , Edmonton will get cap relief to the tune of $ 3.75 million per season .
The one way out of the ridiculous Over - 35 Contract that the Oilers gave Khabibulin is contained in Article 50 , Section 50.5 ( PDF Warning ) in the Collective Bargaining Agreement - AKA the Mike Rathje Section .
The Oilers have an over - abundance of small , skilled forwards that may be attractive to a Southeast team , especially a kid like Andrew Cogliano .
Cogliano 's speed has been dazzling scouts , personnel people , coaches and fans , but his game has n't quite come together .
He would be a perfect candidate to move to Florida as the central piece of a Vokoun deal .
Edmonton would need to clear an additional $ 2 million in cap space to get Vokoun under the cap , space that can be provided by Ethan Moreau .
Would a trade of Ethan Moreau and Andrew Cogliano for Tomas Vokoun be so far - fetched ?
In this case , I do n't think so .
Tambellini gets to blame the " unforeseen injury " to Khabibulin and gets to move Cogliano without criticism from most quarters .
Florida gets to clear a huge salary from the books and gets a promising young center in Cogliano and only has one season of Ethan Moreau at $ 2 million .
As far as the optics go , Vokoun looks like a coup for the Oilers management team , as he's a world - class goaltender ( a real one , not like the crumbling wall was purported to be ) on a team that is " pushing hard for a playoff spot " .
Vokoun also falls into the whale category that the crew of the Pequod has been hunting for the last two - and - a - half years .
I know , I know - Vokoun seems like an unbelievable option .
Martin Biron , Jaroslav Halak , Ty Conklin - they all make much more sense .
Ask yourself this - over the last two years , what has the Oilers management team been , if not unbelievable ?
Here 's an old gem of a trick for anyone feeling lonely , vindictive , or very drunk this New Year 's Eve : with Skype , you can connect any phones in the world , and listen in on the results .
Man , what a decade .
Advertisement
Here 's the game , as articulated by Reddit user quicksilver 5 :
Here 's a fun trick - download Skype and set up a conference call by calling two of your friends simultaneously .
They 'll both answer and be thoroughly convinced that the other has called them .
While you sit there at your computer trying to hold back laughter ( or with your microphone muted ) , you can listen to them try and figure out what the hell is going on .
If they chalk it up to an accidental speed - dial and hang up , keep calling them and hilarity will ensue .
Advertisement
Here 's what you 'll need to do :
1. ) Get some SkypeOut credit :
To call landlines or cellphones with Skype , it costs money .
You need to sign up for SkypeOut and buy $ 10 of credit — the minimum amount available — which should supply you with hours of phone - to - phone pranking .
I had some Skype credit sitting around already , because SkypeOut , in addition to offering local calls for a few cents a minute , offers international calls at extremely low rates .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
2. ) Choose your victims :
Who , of all the people you know , would you like to call one another at an inopportune time ?
Because you can pick whoever you want .
Asshole boss and his terrible ex-wife , at 11:59 on New Year 's Eve ?
Why not !
Two people who you know will be in the same room at the time ?
Even better .
You can add more than two people to a call , but two is the funniest , since it 's less obvious what 's going on .
Advertisement
3. ) Organize the call : Under the " Call " menu in Skype , select " Start conference call . "
To add someone to the call they need to be in your contacts , so make sure you 've added your victims to your main Skype list first .
4. ) Do it :
It may take a couple tries to get them to both pick up , but nobody 's to alarmed by a phantom call or two — they happen all the time .
Their caller ID will read " Unknown " or " Private . "
After your first call , which your victims will probably write off as a pocket dial , do it again .
And again .
And again , until things start to feel dangerous .
or your conscience kicks in .
If you can't keep quiet , hit the mic mute button in the Skype call window ; you 'll still be able to hear the other callers , but they wo n't be able to hear you .
Advertisement
And that 's it , asshole .
Happy new year .
[ Reddit , Previously ]
Description :
Some of the most badass game related remakes I 've ever heard .
Hells yes .
Tagged for : Video Game , Cover , Song
Orbán minden botrányt megbocsát , amíg Rogán ilyen szépen szolgál
Pezsgőt hozott egy sommelier , a pincérek töltögették a poharakat , lecsúszott egy - két pálinka , és voltak kolbászfalatok is vasárnap este a Bálnában .
A „ főnök " , Orbán Viktor mindenkinek megköszönte a kvótanépszavazás kampányában tett erőfeszítéseit , majd magabiztosan , mosolyogva azt mondta , ezzel az eredménnyel egy parlamenti választáson a Fidesz újra kétharmados többséget szerzett volna , és ez sikerülhet 2018 - ban is .
Az érvénytelen népszavazás volt a főpróba .
The Bjelke - Petersen Government decided to demolish Brisbane 's Bellevue Hotel after a secret report warned the historic building would cost $ 2 million to restore .
The controversial decision to knock down the iconic building in 1979 remains shrouded in mystery , despite today 's release of confidential cabinet documents from 30 years ago .
Demolished ... Brisbane 's Bellevue Hotel .
Credit : State Library of Queensland
The National Trust had been campaigning to preserve the three - storey Bellevue Hotel , which stood on the corner of George and Alice streets and was built in the 1880s .
Cabinet documents show that the then - premier , Joh Bjelke - Petersen , took a submission to his frontbench colleagues arguing it would be costly to fix major faults in the building 's structure .
Washington State Legalization Attempt Update Open Thread » Medical Marijuana Updates According to an ABC News / Washington
Post poll released Monday , 81 % of Americans support legalization of medical marijuana .
I ’ve got a question for the Democrats who keep saying that the party does n’t dare waste its political capital on an issue like medical marijuana ….
just how popular does something have to be before you ’re willing to be seen on the dance floor with it ?
I agree with Mark Kleiman :
And the demand that cannabis be shown to be better than something else , rather than merely safe and effective , before it ’s approved strikes me as wrong - headed .
People vary in their reactions to drugs , so giving doctors and patients more options is generally better .
This issue tests the commitment of the Obama Administration to science - based policy .
In case you missed it .
NJ medical marijuana bill is signed into law New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine has signed legislation granting chronically ill patients legal access to marijuana .
Corzine ’s office said the governor signed the bill late Monday , his last full day in office .
Gov.-elect Chris Christie will be sworn in Tuesday .
New Jersey is the 14th state to allow patients with diseases such as cancer , AIDS , glaucoma and multiple sclerosis to use marijuana to alleviate their pain and other symptoms .
The legislation allows for dispensaries to be set up around the state where patients with prescriptions can access the drug .
New York Times : Researchers Find Study of Medical Marijuana Discouraged Despite the Obama administration ’s tacit support of more liberal state medical marijuana laws , the federal government still discourages research into the medicinal uses of smoked marijuana . [ … ]
“ The more it becomes clear to people that the federal government is blocking these studies , the more people are willing to defect by using politics instead of science to legalize medicinal uses at the state level , ” said Rick Doblin , executive director of a nonprofit group dedicated to researching psychedelics for medical uses .
Wall Street Journal : Is Marijuana a Medicine ?
Researchers say it ’s difficult to get funding and federal approval for marijuana research .
In November , the AMA urged the federal government to review marijuana ’s position in the most - restricted category of drugs , so it could be studied more easily .
It ’s a fairly detailed article about different aspects of medical marijuana use .
One nice thing to see at the end of the piece … … but a large 2006 study , published in Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention , found no tie to lung cancer .
Scott Morgan : Medical Marijuana Dispensaries Do n’t Attract Crime ,
They Prevent it Banks are robbed constantly by angry gun-wielding assholes , but you ’ve never heard anyone lobbying to keep them 1,000 feet away from schools and parks .
Meanwhile , the biggest security threat at the dispensaries has typically been the DEA ( and yes , they were routinely grabbing money from dispensaries at gunpoint until the DOJ told them to find something better to do )
The very notion of dispensaries attracting crime is largely illogical on its face , given that the whole purpose of their existence is to remove sick people from the black - market marijuana economy .
Legal medical marijuana providers reduce crime on a massive scale simply by opening their doors each day .
There have been allegations of abuse at Bagram
US authorities have released the names of 645 prisoners held at Bagram air base in Afghanistan in response to a freedom of information lawsuit .
The lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) sought documents related to the detention and treatment of prisoners at the base .
The ACLU said vital details about the prisoners had been withheld .
US officials had previously refused to publish the list .
One lawyer said the move was " completely unprecedented " .
Melissa Goodman , a lawyer at ACLU , said the publication of the names was " an important step toward transparency and accountability at the secretive Bagram prison " .
But she said it was only a first step .
" Full transparency and accountability about Bagram requires disclosing how long these people have been imprisoned , where they are from and whether they were captured far from any battlefield or in other countries far from Afghanistan , " she said .
A separate letter released by the US Defense Department on Friday said a " very small number " of prisoners were under 16 years of age , the Associated Press news agency reported .
The list of names is for the 645 people held at Bagram in September 2009 , when the lawsuit was filed .
" This is completely unprecedented , we 've never had access to the list , " Ramzi Kassem , a law professor at City University of New York , told AP .
Mr Kassem represents a Yemeni man , Amin al - Bakri , who was captured in Thailand then sent to Bagram .
In his case , a federal judge in Washington ruled that only those Bagram prisoners captured outside Afghanistan could file suit in the US .
US President Barack Obama 's administration is appealing against the decision .
Bagram , north of the Afghan capital , Kabul , has been used by the US - led coalition in Afghanistan since the toppling of the Taliban regime in December 2001 .
Last year a number of former detainees told the BBC they had been abused at the base .
US officials denied the charges and insisted that all inmates in the facility were treated humanely .
So we all know Calgary 's in the market for a scorer .
We also know what that market basically looks like .
What we do n't know , or have n't yet explicitly itemized , is what the Flames may be offering their trade partner (s ) in return .
It 's not a long list .
The Flames are in the unenviable position of needing help without boasting much in the way of trade assets .
Next years first and second round picks - common currency in deadline rental deals - are gone .
And because they need to supplement the forward ranks ( rather than merely incrementally improve a certain position ) a player - for - player swap probably would n't make much sense either .
Moving Langkow for rental - forward - X does n't really get the team anywhere , for example .
There is n't much in the way of prospects in the system either , making it doubly difficult to deal kids : most teams wo n't want what we have or would demand one of the few guys that are worth a damn .
What the Flames do have , however , is defensemen .
Lots of them .
However , given that we know Darryl Sutter likes to collect extra rear guards at the deadline and probably wo n't be moving any of the " big three " during the regular season ( if ever ) , we can safely scratch Regehr , Phaneuf and Bouwmeester from the list .
Giordano 's emergence and high value contract ensures he wo n't be going anywhere either .
There 's also a few players at the rosters edges that could be thrown into any potential deals as " pot sweeteners " without severely impacting the current success / fail rate .
So we can probably throw them in the mix as well .
Cory Sarich
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Cory Sarich 28 0 3 3 - 2 16 0 0 0 0 20 0.0
It 's been mentioned in this space before and repeated ad nauseum , but the recent scoring drought hammers the point home to the degree that there can no longer really be debate anymore : it does n't make sense to pay $ 3.6 M / year for a third pairing defender .
Sarich was brought in a couple of years ago after the team struggled for several years to find a replacement for Leopold with Regehr .
Sarich was at times good and bad in that role .
He was moved to the second / third pairing last season where he fared better and has been demoted this year in the face of injuries / Giordano 's step forward and , yes , the presence for 3 other high paid , minute - munching defenders .
He 's good enough to play in many team 's top two pairings and has an underrated mean streak .
Sarich is n't all the capable offensively however and he's on the bad side of 30 .
I do n't know what his perceived value is around the league , but the truth of the matter is his walking papers were signed when Bouwmeester said yes to Darryl Sutter .
Whether he 's moved at the deadline for immediate help or in the off - season to free up cap space is merely academic at this point * .
*( unless , of course , Sutter actually takes the plunge and deals one of Regehr or Phaneuf )
David Moss
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - David Moss 43 7 6 13 - 5 14 3 0 2 0 89 7.9
I 'm a huge fan of David Moss .
And I think he spent a lot of this season either injured or playing in lousy circumstances ( ahem , Jokinen and Iginla ) .
However , his step backwards this season , his relative fragility , his decent contract as well as his 20 goal season last year ( what one may call a " selling point " ) all conspire to potentially make him trade bait at the deadline .
He likely would n't land anything of value by himself , but could be bundled to make an offer more likely to be accepted .
Dustin Boyd
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - Dustin Boyd 51 6 9 15 3 13 0 0 2 0 71 8.5
Ray Ferraro had a line about Boyd during the Chicago game recently .
Something to the tune of " Boyd just ca n't seem to find a fit here " .
It was a similar story with Matthew Lombardi in town ; good enough to tease , never capable of closing the deal .
Boyd is the youngest player on the team and one of Sutter 's only draft graduates to hint at an offensive upside .
However , the kid has failed to find a foothold under a couple of different coaches and his underlying numbers actually back - up the bench bosses ( despite my protestations ) .
He 's still relatively young and a distance away from his peak , but his utility remains low on this club and I can imagine he'd be target # 1 for each and every " seller " the Flames engage at the deadline .
Defensive Prospects
Pick one .
Flames have a dozen of them .
Matt Pelech , Brett Palin , Keith Seabrook , Keith Aulie , Gord Baldwin , John Negrin , Tim Erixon , TJ Brodie .
The guys who will no doubt evoke the most interest are the latter three , being younger and possessing more formidable scouting reports .
Frankly , if there 's anywhere the org can stand to lose a few futures , it 's on the back - end .
Hell , 4 of their current 6 guys are 26 or younger - it's not like there 's going to be a changing of the guard any time soon .
Again , I do n't know if any of these guys has the kind of clout to land a viable NHLer on their own , but I 'm sure one or two will be asked about .
The NYPD yesterday defended itself against charges of police brutality as yet another videotape showing cops beating a handcuffed suspect surfaced .
The grainy security video , taken at 5 a.m. on Jan. 1 , shows several officers punching and kicking a man identified by his lawyer as Nagi Benson , 30 .
Benson and a friend who also claims to have been beaten by the cops say they plan to sue the city for $ 5 million .
But Police Commissioner Ray Kelly says there ’s more to the story than what ’s on the video .
“ There was a large fight , ” he said .
“ One officer was punched in the face and another in the back of the head . ”
And police union President Pat Lynch said , “ What is sometimes misunderstood is that necessary force looks violent and is never pretty . ”
The Brooklyn DA ’s Office is investigating the allegations against the department , which just last week suspended two Bronx officers caught on video beating a cuffed suspect .
Maybe Senators had an advance look at Albert Edwards ' report , or maybe the fog of Wall Street whispering sweet bribing nothings into their ears is finally lifting , but that vote we were supposed to have tomorrow to reconfirm Ben ?
Ain't happening .
From Dow Jones :
WASHINGTON ( Dow Jones ) -- The U.S. Senate is " unlikely " to hold a confirmation vote on Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's second term at the helm of the central bank , a senior Democratic leadership aide said Thursday .
Earlier this week , leadership aides said it was possible lawmakers would seek to vote on Bernanke 's confirmation on Friday , but that now seems doubtful , the aide said .
The Fed chief 's four year - term ends on Jan. 31 .
It is unclear what would happen if the Senate fails to approves him for a second term before then .
Bernanke is widely expected to be confirmed once a vote is held , but there are a handful of lawmakers preventing the Senate from moving directly to a vote .
One of those , Sen. Bernie Sanders , a Vermont Independent who generally votes with the Democratic majority , is pressing for President Barack Obama to withdraw Bernanke 's nomination and select another candidate to lead the Fed .
The afternoon is the most awkward of times : small wonder we need so many rules to help us get through it .
" When stirring your tea , " reads one of the injunctions in the Tea Cosy , " kindly refrain from clinking the sides of your cup .
Gently swish the tea back and forth being careful not to touch the sides of your cup . "
I know that if I were to pay a visit to the Tea Cosy , I would succumb to the urge to hold my teacup with my big toe , or to stir my tea with my tongue , or to start gossiping in a very , very loud voice about Princess Michael of Kent .
On the other hand , if I were to become the proprietor , I would be tempted to introduce a few more rules of my own , among them : " Patrons who look at the cake trolley and exclaim EITHER ' Oooh , I really should n't - but I will ' OR ' I 'm being awfully naughty ! ' will be shown the exit . "
by Guest
contribution by Climate Sock
Following the UEA email hack , it ’s become part of the media narrative that opinion is turning against man-made global warming .
It ’s usually worth checking any such media claim about changes in public opinion that have supposedly occurred following a series of news stories , particularly ‘ dramatic revelations ’ .
Even when people are aware of these stories , they are often not interested , or may be disinclined to believe them and change their opinion .
Testing the impact of the UEA story is tricky , because there are currently no public polling firms that have regular polls with consistently phrased questions about climate change .
But data from two polls , one taken in early November , the other in early December , do suggest that the UEA story has had no measurable impact on belief in man-made global warming .
Satisfyingly , both polls were commissioned by newspapers that tried to use them as evidence of growing public doubt in man-made global warming .
We ’ve already seen the Times / Populus poll from early November – good poll , twisted beyond recognition in its reporting .
The other is a Sunday Telegraph / ICM poll , conducted Dec 2nd - 3rd ( when the UEA stories were still at a peak ) which was similarly reported as showing that large numbers now do n’t believe in man-made global warming .
These two polls are pretty good tools for comparison as they both ask one quite similar question to measure belief in man-made global warming .
The options presented to the respondents in the two polls were :
“ It is now an established scientific fact that climate change is largely man-made ” ( Populus ) / “ Climate change is happening and is established as being largely man-made ” ( ICM ) ;
“ There is a widespread theory that climate change is largely man-made but this has not yet been conclusively proved ” ( Populus ) / “ Climate change is happening but is not yet proven to be man-made ” ( ICM ) ; “ Man - made climate change is environmentalist propaganda for which there is little or no real evidence ” ( Populus ) / “ Climate change is not happening ” ( ICM ) ; “ Do n’t know ” ( both polls ) .
So while the wordings of the answer choices were slightly different , the sentiments were essentially the same , and we can be comfortable comparing the results .
The scores turn out to be startlingly similar :
In fact , there are no statistical differences between opinions towards man-made global warming before and after the UEA story broke .
That said , there are two health warnings that should come with this .
Firstly , we ’re only looking at two polls here .
Since the post - story poll was taken only a week after the story first broke , it may be that the impact had n’t yet filtered through .
The next poll to ask this question will help us be more confident in what we ’ve seen here .
Finally , even if the UEA story has had no impact on belief in man-made global warming , it almost certainly has harmed the credibility of climate scientists .
A Sunday Times / YouGov poll on 3rd - 4th December primed respondents with the UEA story and then asked them whether they trust climate scientists to tell the truth .
Not surprisingly , only 41 % said yes .
Since scientists / independent experts are usually the group trusted the most in such questions , this is a very low score .
But overall , the picture remains bright .
Uninstall application :
Open the " Start " menu and click on the " Control Panel " icon .
Double - click on the " Security Center " icon .
A pop-up window will open detailing all of the security features you currently have running on your computer .
Click on " Change the Way Security Center Alerts Me " underneath the " Resources " tab on the left side of the window .
Remove the check in the box next to " Virus Protection . "
This will disable all alerts concerning your current antivirus program .
Go back to the main Control Panel window and double - click on the " Add or Remove Programs " icon .
Find your antivirus program in the list of installed applications and then click on the " Remove " button .
Run through the installation removal program .
Once the process finishes , the antivirus application will be removed from your computer .
By Jane O'Brien
BBC News , Washington
The room was dimly lit .
Armed guards stood at both entrances and enormous ironclad doors were slid shut to seal the gallery .
Nobody spoke above a whisper as we waited for the first glimpse in half a century of one of the world 's most extraordinary gems .
The Wittelsbach - Graff Diamond was last seen in public at the 1958 World Exhibition in Brussels .
After that , it disappeared and its whereabouts remained a mystery until Laurence Graff , a billionaire diamond dealer , bought it at auction in 2008 , appending his surname .
He and his son Francois were in the gallery of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History in Washington DC as the blue stone , was brought up from a secret vault and finally revealed .
Flawless beauty " I 've been privileged over the years to own some of the world 's most important and famous diamonds , but I would say that the Wittelsbach - Graff is the most valuable and the most beautiful , " he said .
Under ultraviolet light , the diamond has an orange hue Sitting unadorned on a silken white cloth , it glittered grey and blue in the low light .
Classed as " internally flawless " it is said to have exceptional colour and becomes intense orange when viewed under ultraviolet light .
" When I saw this stone , I knew it was a stone we had to have , " said Laurence Graff .
" I had the opportunity to examine and value it in my own offices , and I came to the conclusion it was one of the rarest stones I 'd ever seen . "
' True perfection ' Initially valued at around $ 15 m , Mr Graff paid more than $ 25 m .
In a controversial move he had it re-cut and polished , reducing it from 35.5 carats to little over 31 carats .
Critics say the act compromised the historical integrity of the stone , but Mr Graff disagrees .
" I decided that to create beauty , or acts of beauty , is not a sin .
All we did was remove the blemishes and now it 's true perfection .
It 's the most wonderful diamond to hold in your hand .
It 's got the most incredible feel to it - a magical feel .
We have managed to bring out the true colour of the stone without changing the faceting or the shape .
Laurence Graff paid more than $ 25 million for the gem " The true rarity of the diamond , whatever its history , is the diamond itself .
The history will continue .
Every diamond that was ever mined , every diamond that was ever polished and cut , is still with us .
Who knows the story that this stone will tell in a thousand years time .
I 'm sure it will gather very romantic stories , mysterious stories , intriguing stories , but at the end of the day the true beauty of the stone will remain .
That will always be the best story . "
Francois Graff compared the decision to restoring a priceless painting .
" If you discovered a Leonardo da Vinci with a tear in it and covered in mud , you would want to repair it .
We have similarly cleaned up the diamond and repaired damage caused over the years . "
Distant cousins The Wittelsbach - Graff Diamond originated in India .
In 1664 , Philip IV of Spain gave it to his daughter , the Infanta Margarita Teresa to celebrate her engagement to Emperor Leopold of Austria .
In 1772 , it acquired its name by passing to the Wittelsbach family of the House of Bavaria .
After World War I , Bavaria became a republic and the Crown Jewels , including the diamond were sold .
Then it was rarely seen in public .
" It 's probably the most famous diamond the world has never seen , " said Jeffrey Post , curator of the Smithsonian National Gem Collection .
" It 's always been lurking out there - but we 've never seen it . "
The Wittelsbach - Graff was secretly transported to the museum in the dead of night , a week before it was due to go on display .
The Hope and the Wittelsbach are believed to be in a class by themselves Mr Post and some of the nation 's leading diamond experts locked themselves in the vault to spend the time examining it and comparing it to the legendary Hope - the world 's largest blue diamond at 45.52 carats - which is the star of the National Gem Collection .
It was thought that the two may once have been part of the same crystal , but tests proved negative .
Although they share significant similarities and come from the same place , the Hope and the Wittelsbach - Graff are more like distant cousins than siblings .
" We had this confluence of history with two of the world 's great diamonds , " said Mr Post , " and an unparalleled opportunity to examine them .
Diamonds have been mined for hundreds of years but in all that time these two stand in a class by themselves unlike any other diamond found . "
Diamonds are typically formed about 100 miles underground and are billions of years old .
They can tell scientists much about the history of the planet .
The Wittelsbach - Graff will be displayed alongside the Hope at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History until August .
After that , its future is uncertain .
Laurence Graff says it may move to London 's Natural History Museum - but it could also be sold .
If that happens , it could disappear for another hundred years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Martha Coakley 's resounding defeat in the Massachusetts Senate race is hardly the sort of anniversary gift President Barack Obama could have predicted .
Yet there it was , wrapped in a bow and plopped on his doorstep like a flaming bag of dog poo to mark the end of his first year in office .
Among other things , Scott Brown 's upset victory means that Obama , who flew up to the Bay State to campaign for the deservedly doomed Coakley in the race 's twilight , is zero for three when it comes to high - profile two - minute drills for beloved causes ( remember getting Chicago the Olympics and putting together a global carbon deal at the U.N climate conference in Copenhagen ? ) .
There are at least three basic reasons , plain as the nose on your face , that the Democrats and Obama are in trouble for the near future :
1. Health care reform is not popular .
An ABC News / Washington
Post poll published on January 19 has 51 percent against current congressional plans and just 44 percent in favor , numbers that have n't moved in a month .
Other polls show even greater percentages oppose the plan , with all the trend lines over the past year working heavily against the Democrats .
People fear the obvious : " Reform " that increases the government 's role in anything virtually guarantees steadily increasing costs , lower levels of services , and ballooning federal deficits .
All the special - interest carve - outs to buy votes from wavering senators and pay down objections from Big Labor did n't help either , especially on an issue that was not boiling over on the front - burner of voter concerns at a time of prolonged economic crisis .
2 . The stimulus and TARP bailouts are not popular .
They never were , even back when Republicans were pushing them , and are getting less and less so as it becomes clear that such policies are at best ineffective and at worst horribly counterproductive .
During his first year in office , reports Congressional Quarterly , Obama got what he wanted from Congress a record - setting 97 percent of time , so it 's not like he 's simply muddling through with a bad hand .
Yet the president ( and by extension , the Dems ) are tanking when it comes to handling the economy , both in terms of results and job approval .
An NBC / Wall Street Journal poll from January 10 shows just 43 percent approving of Obama 's economic policies , down from 56 percent a year ago .
Simply put , nobody believes that weatherizing vacant homes in Detroit or keeping an already bloated public sector on permanent life support is going to restart the economy .
3 . The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are not popular .
Neither is Obama 's foreign policy more generally .
According to Gallup , Obama 's reaction ( or non-reaction ) to the Christmas Day bomber had a marginally positive effect on the president 's marks for handling terrorism , but it remains a fact that his positions on Iraq and especially Afghanistan are at odds with most Americans .
Whatever latent peacenik tendencies his supporters and detractors assumed he harbored , Obama has doubled , or even tripled , down in Afghanistan while following the Bush - Petraeus withdrawal plan in Iraq .
This may qualify as hope , but it does n't count much as change .
Especially since we 've still got no real clear mission in Afghanistan , despite having been there for so long .
Obama 's failure to define a coherent foreign policy is not his alone .
At the end of the Cold War , the political class shrugged and almost immediately began to spend " the peace dividend " that came with a winding down of military spending as a percentage of GDP and the federal budget .
Both George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton cut relative military spending , as they should have .
Where they , and Bush II and Obama so far , manifestly failed was in working to build a consensus of what U.S. foreign policy should be .
We continue to pay for that failure in wasted dollars and , more damningly , wasted lives .
All is not ashes for Obama and the Democrats , of course .
After all , a new AP - GfK poll finds that 49 percent of Americans want the Democrats to maintain control of Congress ( just 37 percent are pulling for the Republicans to take charge ) .
The GOP had its run at the top and the results were nothing less than a disaster on just about every front .
For those of us who do n't paint our faces for either the red or blue teams , the tragicomedy of American politics is that each party looks pretty freaking awesome when compared to its counterpart .
As bad as Bush was , Obama may well be worse .
As rotten as Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi are , just remember Trent Lott and Dennis Hastert .
Now reverse the party affiliations and repeat .
In their hour of darkness , all the Dems need to recall is that they are running against Republicans .
And vice versa .
Independents –the only reliably growing voting bloc in an electorate long since fatigued by two - party politics–are swinging violently against Democrats after throwing the Republican bums out in 2008 and 2006 .
The hangover from the first year of Obama and the afterglow of Scott Brown 's stunning senatorial upset can teach the major parties some real lessons :
First and foremost , listen to the voters , especially voters who are calling for smaller government despite very tough times .
In a recent ABC News / Washington Post survey , 58 percent say they favor smaller government that provides fewer services rather than bigger government and more services ( 38 percent want that ) .
Moving in that direction would indeed constitute change .
For a change .
The way back to voters ' hearts is not through boosting the size and scope of government ( something else that Obama and the Dems simply filched from the Bush - era GOP ) but by unmistakably trimming some sails .
Health care reform , such as it is , should consist of giving individuals more options via a deregulated , non -job - based marketplace where costs are made more transparent rather than less so .
It works everywhere else in the economy and will work in health care .
Regarding government spending , it means freezes all around and reductions in staff sizes at all levels of government .
It means starting ( and winning ) a debate over ridiculous public - sector retirement packages that bankrupt whole polities for the benefit of a privileged few .
With foreign policy , it means thinking through a coherent set of principles that will guide our interactions , and not just our reactions , in the world , focusing on trade rather than aid and warfare .
It means fighting terrorism with amply - funded intelligence services rather than the misbegotten occupation of whole troubled regions .
The 21st century has so far been a tremendous disappointment to those of us who remember the end of the 20th .
We know that today 's leaders are dogs , but here 's hoping they are not so old that they can't learn a few new tricks .
Especially since we are the ones that will continue paying for their mistakes .
Matt Welch is the editor in chief of Reason magazine .
Nick Gillespie is the editor in chief of Reason.tv and Reason.com .
The list of freelance writing gigs on Craigslist goes on and on .
Trails.com will pay $ 15 for articles about the outdoors .
Livestrong.com wants 500 - word pieces on health for $ 30 , or less .
In this mix , the 16 cents a word offered by Green Business Quarterly ends up sounding almost bounteous , amounting to more than $ 100 per submission .
Other publishers pitch the grand opportunities they provide to “ extend your personal brand ” or to “ showcase your work , influence others . ”
That means working for nothing , just like the sailing magazine that offers its next editor - writer not a single doubloon but , instead , the opportunity to “ participate in regattas all over the country . ”
What ’s sailing away , a decade into the 21st century , is the common conception that writing is a profession -- or at least a skilled craft that should come not only with psychic rewards but with something resembling a living wage .
Advertisement
Freelance writing fees -- beginning with the Internet but extending to newspapers and magazines -- have been spiraling downward for a couple of years and reached what appears to be bottom in 2009 .
The trend has gotten scant attention outside the trade .
Maybe that ’s because we live in a culture that holds journalists in low esteem .
Or it could be because so much focus has been put on the massive cutbacks in full - time journalism jobs .
An estimated 31,000 writers , editors and others have been jettisoned by newspapers in just the last two years .
Today ’s reality is that much of freelancing has become all too free .
Seasoned professionals have seen their income drop by 50 % or more as publishers fill the Web ’s seemingly limitless news hole , drawing on the ever - expanding rank of under - employed writers .
Low compensation
Advertisement
The crumbling pay scales have not only hollowed out household budgets but accompanied a pervasive shift in journalism toward shorter stories , frothier subjects and an increasing emphasis on fast , rather than thorough .
“ There are a lot of stories that are being missed , not just at legacy newspapers and TV stations but in the freelance world , ” said Nick Martin , 27 , laid off a year ago by the East Valley Tribune in Mesa , Ariz . , and now a freelancer .
“ A lot of publications used to be able to pay freelancers to do really solid investigations .
There ’s just not much of that going on anymore . ”
Another writer , based in Los Angeles , said she has been troubled by the lighter fare that many websites prefer to drive up traffic .
A new take on any youth obsessions ( “ Put ‘ Twilight ’ in the headline , get paid ” ) has much more chance of winning editorial approval than more complex or substantive material .
The rank of stories unwritten -- like most errors of omission -- is hard to conceive .
Even those inside journalism can only guess at what stories they might have paid for , if they had more money .
Advertisement
Media analyst and former newspaper editor Alan Mutter worried last month about the ongoing “ journicide ” -- the loss of much of a generation of professional journalists who turn to other professions .
Writers say they see stories getting shorter and the reporting that goes into some of them getting thinner .
A former staff writer for a national magazine told me that she has been disturbed not only by low fees ( one site offered her $ 100 for an 800 - word essay ) but by the way some website editors accept “ reporting ” that really amounts to reworking previously published material .
That ’s known in the trade as a “ clip job ” and on the Web as a “ write around . ”
“ The definition of reportage has become really loose , ” said the writer , also a book author , who did n’t want to be named for fear of alienating employers .
“ In this economy , everyone is afraid to turn down any work and it has created this march to the bottom . ”
Advertisement
One Los Angeles woman who also requested anonymity writes frequently for women ’s magazines and fondly recalls the days when freelance pieces fetched $ 2 , or even $ 3 , a word .
Though some publications still pay those rates , many have cut them at least in half .
And story lengths have been reduced even more drastically .
The writer , who once could make $ 70,000 a year or more , said she is now working harder to bring in half that much .
“ It ’s just not a living wage anymore , ” she said .
Los Angeles freelancer Tina Dupuy gained acclaim last year when she posted a YouTube video to shame editors at the Tampa Tribune into paying her $ 75 for a humor column on the “ birthers ” -- the political activists who contest President Obama ’s U.S. citizenship .
Up for a challenge
Advertisement
She said many other papers have stopped paying for opinion columns altogether -- narrowing op - ed contributions at some papers to those already in syndication or those with day jobs at chambers of commerce , corporations , think tanks and the like .
“ These corporate - sponsored pieces threaten to push people like me out , ” Dupuy said .
That ’s not to say that she is getting out of the business .
After an earlier career in stand - up comedy , Dupuy has learned to hustle and to be “ psychologically very adept at rejection . ”
It can be challenging , but Dupuy makes a living .
“ For someone who had to drive for hours to get to a gig -- to get $ 100 and a beer bottle thrown at them -- this is heaven , ” she said .
Advertisement
Indeed , relative newcomers like Dupuy or those who have spent their careers as freelancers -- like Matt Villano of Healdsburg , Calif . -- sound much more resilient about the revolutionary changes in publishing than the former staff writers and longtime freelancers .
The 34 - year - old Villano -- whose outlets include the San Francisco Chronicle , Fodor ’s travel guides , Casino Player and Oceanus magazines -- said some writers struggle because they have fuzzy , arty notions about their work .
They need to act more like small business people , Villano said , diversifying their skills and the outlets they write for .
Despite the endless hustle , Villano said he would not give up a career that has taken him from whale watching in Maui to the baccarat tables of Las Vegas .
“ I like the diversity , ” he said .
“ I like doing it on my own terms . ”
Villano strikes me as considerably more resilient , and sunny , than most people who write for a living .
To make a go of it , the majority will require not only his flexibility , but a return of a more stable financial base for journalism .
Advertisement
With the advertising - driven income in a state of disarray , the source of future freelance dollars remains in doubt .
Philanthropic , nonprofit sites ( ProPublica ) will take up some of the slack , while other new models ( Spot. Us ) ask consumers to make micro-payments to put writers on specific local stories .
Other websites ( True / Slant ) pay bonuses for stories and commentary , with writers getting paid more as they deliver bigger audiences .
It ’s hard to say if any , or all , will succeed .
But the sooner they can take the free out of freelance , the better .
Until they do , we can only imagine what we ’ll be missing .
On the Media also runs on Fridays on A2 .
Advertisement
james.rainey@latimes.com
Summary of Findings
Americans have been highly focused on the massive earthquake that struck Haiti Jan. 12 .
Not only is the disaster clearly the public ’s top news story , fully 70 % say it is the story they are talking about with friends .
Overall interest in news about the Haiti earthquake is on par with interest in the tsunami that struck the Indian Ocean in December 2004 .
Fully 60 % say they followed news about the earthquake very closely ; about the same percentage ( 58 % ) said they followed news about the tsunami in the Indian Ocean very closely in January 2005 .
Public attentiveness to both events far surpasses interest in other overseas natural disasters in recent years .
Somewhat more people paid very close attention to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 ( 70 % ) .
The public is not only closely tracking news from Haiti :
In the days following the quake , 18 % report they or someone in their household made a donation to those affected by the earthquake , while another 30 % say they plan to donate .
Americans took full advantage of new technologies to give to the victims of the earthquake .
While 39 % of those who gave made a donation in person , 23 % gave on the internet and 14 % gave via text message ; by comparison , 12 % gave by phone and just 5 % made their donation through the mail .
The latest surveys by the Pew Research Center were conducted in the days following the Jan. 12 Haitian earthquake .
A survey conducted Jan. 14 - 17 among 1,003 adults tracked the public ’s response to the earthquake and views of the U.S. government ’s handling of the crisis .
Pew Research ’s regular weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Jan. 15 - 18 among 1,021 adults focused on public attentiveness to news about the earthquake and ratings of press coverage of the disaster .
Obama and Government Get Good Marks
Nearly two - thirds of the public ( 64 % ) approves of the way that Barack Obama ’s administration has handled the situation in Haiti .
Even a majority of Republicans ( 51 % ) approve of Obama ’s handling of the crisis while just 19 % disapprove .
Obama gets much more positive ratings from independents ( 68 % approve ) and Democrats ( 76 % ) .
Most Americans ( 58 % ) say the U.S. government is doing the right amount in providing assistance to Haiti .
About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Democrats , 60 % of independents and 53 % of Republicans say the government ’s response has been appropriate .
However , notably more Republicans ( 16 % ) than Democrats ( 6 % ) say the government has done too much in providing assistance to Haiti .
Nearly Half Have Given or Plan to Donate
In the days following the earthquake that struck Haiti , 18 % of Americans say they or someone in their household made a donation to help those affected by the catastrophe and 30 % say they are planning to make a donation .
Another 46 % do not think they will donate right now .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , 56 % of Americans reported making a donation to the victims .
After the tsunami struck several Southeast Asian nations , 30 % said they had made a donation .
It is important to note , however , that the current survey on reactions to the Haitian earthquake was conducted within the week following the actual disaster , while the surveys conducted after Hurricane Katrina and the 2004 tsunami were done one or two weeks later .
Northeasterners , Catholics Donate More Heavily
As might be expected , there are sizable socio-economic differences in reported donations and intentions to donate to earthquake relief efforts .
A quarter ( 25 % ) of those with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more say they have made a donation to help Haitian earthquake victims , compared with just 10 % of those with incomes of less than $ 30,000 .
There also is a sizable regional gap in reported donations to those affected by the earthquake : 27 % of those living in the Northeast say they have given to Haitian relief ; that compares with 17 % in the South , 16 % in the West and 14 % in the Midwest .
In addition , more Catholics ( 24 % ) than Protestants ( 15 % ) say they have made a donation .
About as many non-Hispanic whites ( 19 % ) as non-Hispanic African Americans ( 16 % ) say they have already donated to Haitian relief .
But 44 % of blacks say they are planning to give to those affected by the earthquake compared with only 28 % of whites .
A majority ( 59 % ) of those who have already made a donation to Haitian earthquake relief say they have given to a non-religious charity , while 36 % say they have given to a church or other religious organization .
There was a similar split in self - reported donations after the 2004 tsunami in the Indian Ocean ( 57 % non-religious group , 36 % church ) .
Among those who say they plan to make a donation , about as many ( 46 % ) say they are more likely to give to a church or other religious organization as to some other kind of charity ( 44 % ) .
Texting Haiti Donations
Among those who have made donations to help those affected by the Haiti disaster , 39 % say they have given in person , such as at a church , but many have made a donation using technology .
Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) says they donated on the internet and 5 % via email .
Another 14 % say they donated by text message , comparable to the 12 % who say they have given by telephone .
Technology played a less important role as a conduit for charitable donations after the Indian Ocean tsunami in late 2004 .
At that time 59 % said they had donated in person ; email and text messages were not asked about .
Notably , more than three times as many people said they donated to tsunami relief by mail in early 2005 than say that about Haiti today ( 17 % vs. 5 % ) .
Among those who have not yet donated but plan to do so , 51 % say they think they will donate in person , while 17 % say they will give via mail .
An identical percentage says they will give on the internet .
Just 6 % of those who plan to give say they will text a donation , and 3 % say they will email a donation .
Sharing Haiti News via Social Networks
More than one - in - ten Americans ( 13 % ) – including 24 % of those younger than 30 – say they have gotten or shared information about the Haiti earthquake through Facebook , Twitter or another social networking site .
The same percentage ( 13 % ) has sent or received email about the disaster while 6 % have sent or received text messages about Haiti .
Among those younger than 30 , however , about twice as many have used social networks than have used email to communicate about the disaster ( 24 % vs. 11 % ) .
Among older age groups , email is used about as often as social networks .
About a third of young people ( 35 % ) say they have used one or more of these methods – social networks , email or text messages – to communicate about the earthquake .
That compares with 30 % of those 30 to 49 and smaller proportions of older age groups .
Where People Are Getting their News
The internet has played an important role for many Americans getting information about events in Haiti .
Roughly three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say the internet has been their main source of news about the earthquake .
This compares with 21 % who cited the internet as a main source of news about Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , and just 5 % who cited the internet when asked where they got their news following the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
Fewer ( 18 % ) say they have gotten most of their news from newspapers .
After Katrina , far more ( 35 % ) cited newspapers as their main source of information .
Television remains , far and away , the dominant source of news during crises or disasters .
Nearly seven - in - ten Americans ( 69 % ) say that television has been their main source of news about the earthquake in Haiti .
But this is lower than the roughly nine - in - ten who cited television as their main source of news about Katrina ( 89 % ) and 9/11 ( 90 % ) .
The Fox News Channel and CNN are cited by about the same number of Americans ( 20 % and 17 % , respectively ) as their main television source .
CNN had a much larger lead over Fox News in 2005 , when 31 % cited it as their main source of news about Katrina and 22 % cited Fox .
The most widely used online sources of news about the Haiti earthquake are Yahoo and CNN .
Nearly one - in - ten Americans volunteer Yahoo ( 9 % ) or CNN ( 8 % ) as one of the places they have gotten most of their news about Haiti .
About half as many cite MSNBC ( 4 % ) or Fox ( 4 % ) as primary internet sources .
To put these figures in perspective , roughly as many Americans are relying on Yahoo or CNN.com for news about Haiti as the NBC ( 10 % ) , ABC ( 8 % ) or CBS ( 7 % ) broadcast networks .
And as many Americans say they are getting most of their news from MSNBC.com ( 4 % ) as the MSNBC network ( 4 % ) .
While 13 % of Americans say they have gotten or shared information about the earthquake through Facebook , Twitter or another social networking site , relatively few list these sites as a place where they have gotten most of their news .
Overall , just 1 % of Americans list either Facebook or Twitter as websites that have been among their top sources of information about this event .
The internet rivals television as the main source of news about Haiti among 18 to 29 year olds ; 49 % within this age group say they have gotten most of their news from TV , 42 % from the internet .
And television ’s lead is also relatively slim among those age 30 to 49 , 60 % of whom cite TV and 40 % the internet as their main source of news .
The only cohort that cites newspapers more frequently than the internet as their main source are people age 65 and older .
With 15 % of young people saying they are getting most of their news about Haiti from Yahoo.com , that single website rivals newspapers as a general category ( 17 % ) within this age group .
For the most part , the same websites are widely used across age groups , with Yahoo , CNN , MSNBC , Fox and Google consistently topping the list .
While 24 % of 18 - 29 year olds say they have gotten or shared information about the earthquake on social networking websites , just 2 % list Facebook or Twitter as places where they have gotten most of their news about events in Haiti .
Press Gets High Marks for Haiti Earthquake Coverage
About eight - in - ten Americans give the press excellent ( 35 % ) or good ( 46 % ) ratings for coverage of the earthquake .
These are higher marks than the press got for its initial coverage of Hurricane Katrina ( 28 % excellent , 37 % good ) in 2005 .
But such high ratings are not unprecedented .
In the days following the Sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , 56 % said the press was doing an excellent job covering the story , and another 33 % said it was doing a good job .
Currently , women are more likely than men to give the media “ excellent ” ratings for Haiti earthquake coverage ( 41 % vs. 28 % ) , and Democrats ( 41 % ) are more likely to give excellent ratings than are Republicans ( 28 % ) .
Most Americans ( 69 % ) say the press is giving the r
ight amount of coverage to the earthquake in Haiti ; 19 % say the story is getting too much coverage and 10 % say it is getting too little attention .
Earthquake Dominates News Interest
Close to six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say they followed news about the earthquake more closely than any other major story last week .
That ’s much greater than interest in the next two stories , the health care debate and the condition of the economy , which have routinely been among the public ’s top stories for months .
Among the 60 % who say they followed the earthquake very closely , women are somewhat more likely to say this ( 65 % ) than men ( 55 % ) .
Seven - in - ten Democrats say they followed this news very closely , compared with 51 % of Republicans and 58 % of independents .
About two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed news about the health care debate most closely , while 11 % say they followed reports about the condition of the economy most closely .
In both cases , 37 % say they followed developments on these stories very closely .
That ’s about the same as the percentages following very closely one week earlier .
Two - in - ten say they followed events in Iraq very closely last week , while those developments were the most closely followed news for 3 % .
Just 10 % say they very closely followed news about NBC rearranging its late night comedy programs – and the professional fates of Jay Leno and Conan O’Brien .
This was the most closely followed news for 1 % .
Fewer than one - in - ten ( 6 % ) say they followed news about Google saying it may leave China very closely .
When people are asked to name the story they are talking about with friends , seven - in - ten say they have been talking about the Haiti earthquake .
Fewer than one - in - ten ( 7 % ) mention the debate over health care legislation , 3 % say the economy or job situation and 2 % mention the special election in Massachusetts to fill Sen .
Ted Kennedy ’s seat .
Another 1 % say they have been talking about politics more generally .
Most Americans say they heard at least a little last week about Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s 2008 comments about then - Sen.
Barack Obama ’s race .
Reid had said that he believed Obama would appeal to white voters because he was “ light skinned ” and did not speak with a “ Negro dialect . ”
Four - in - ten say they heard a lot about Reid ’s comments , which became public with the release of a new political book , while 37 % say they heard a little about these comments .
More men say they heard a lot about Reid ’s comments than women ( 45 % vs. 35 % ) .
More Republicans than Democrats say they heard a lot about this as well ( 47 % for Republicans , 36 % for Democrats ) .
Most Americans also had heard at least a little about former baseball slugger Mark McGwire ’s admission that he used steroids when playing baseball , including the year he broke the single season home run record .
Three - in - ten say they heard a lot about this story , while 55 % say they heard a little .
Just 15 % say they heard nothing at all .
Seven - in - ten say they heard at least a little about former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin joining Fox News as a commentator .
About a quarter ( 24 % ) say they heard a lot about this , while 46 % say they heard a little .
About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they had heard nothing at all about this .
Three - in - ten Republicans say they heard a lot about Palin ’s new job , compared with 20 % of Democrats and 24 % of independents .
A smaller percentage of Americans heard about televangelist Pat Robertson saying immediately after the Haiti earthquake that the nation had been cursed because of a pact made with the devil 200 years ago .
Some 15 % heard a lot about this , while 33 % say they heard a little .
About half ( 52 % ) say they had heard nothing at all about this .
ABOUT THE SURVEYS
January Omnibus
Some results in this report are based on telephone interviews conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International among a national sample of 1,003 adults living in the continental United States , 18 years of age or older , from January 14 - 17 , 2010 , ( 672 respondents were interviewed on a landline telephone , and 331 were interviewed on a cell phone , including 123 who had no landline telephone .
Both the landline and cell phone samples were provided by Survey Sampling International .
Interviews were conducted in English .
The combined landline and cell phone sample are weighted using an iterative technique that matches gender , age , education , race / ethnicity , region , and population density to parameters from the March 2009 Census Bureau ’s Current Population Survey .
The sample is also weighted to match current patterns of telephone status and relative usage of landline and cell phones ( for those with both ) , based on extrapolations from the January - June 2009 National Health Interview Survey .
The weighting procedure also accounts for the fact that respondents with both landline and cell phones have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts for household size within the landline sample .
Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting .
The error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for the total sample is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls .
News Interest Index
Other results in this report are from the News Interest Index , a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in and reaction to major news events .
This project has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , an ongoing content analysis of the news .
The News Interest Index survey collects data from Friday through Monday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week .
News Coverage Index data were not available for the week of January 11 - 17 , 2010 .
Results for the weekly surveys are based on landline telephone interviews among a nationwide sample of approximately 1,000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) .
For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error .
For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.org.
TELSTRA is under fire for a serious privacy breach after a Melbourne man 's personal contact list ended up on another man 's brand new iPhone .
Nathan Fallon was given an iPhone as a gift two days before Christmas and was shocked to find it already contained 182 contact names and numbers .
Staff at the Watergardens T( life ) store , from where the phone was bought , advised him to immediately delete the contacts , but he called the number marked " home " in the phone .
The number belonged to Stan Soutaris , who lived in a neighbouring suburb , and was distressed to think his contact list may have been distributed to other iPhone buyers .
" If the supposed premier carrier is doing this to people , what are smaller , dodgy ones doing to us ? "
Mr Soutaris said .
" When Nathan first contacted me , I thought he was a crook .
Imagine what could have happened if he had n't been so honest with this ? "
Telstra has apologised for the " human error " , but Mr Soutaris said he was sickened to think any of his details might have already ended up in the hand - sets of other iPhone users , and he had been given no assurances that the retail outlet had taken steps to address this .
He believed the list may have leaked when he was sorting out a download problem with his phone at the same T( life ) store where Mr Fallon 's was bought .
He said his phone contents were downloaded on to a laptop as backup in case the information was accidentally deleted from his phone .
" But how that information got on to my new iPhone is a mystery , " said Mr Fallon , who runs a business that ferries people home from pubs and parties if they 're unexpectedly over .05 .
" I have the names and numbers many high - profile people - clients from around Melbourne - and it would be a disaster if the same thing had happened to my contact list . "
Theirs is one of a growing number of privacy grievances coinciding with the influx in smart - phone users .
The Herald Sun has heard of at least three other cases relating to iPhone privacy breaches .
The Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman has reported complaints about privacy - related issues rose from 2300 in 2006 - 07 to 4900 in 2008 - 09 , though there was a drop in the past six months .
A Telstra spokesperson said it had strict processes in place , but the problem appeared to be caused by human error .
Originally published as Fury over phone privacy breach
Green words from NHL panelists
With the You - Know - What - Color Monster as a backdrop , the NHL panelists talked green business and sports league initiatives .
Here 's a sampling :
" We as a League , well , we worry about the ice melting perhaps more than any other sport . "
-- Gary Bettman
" Sports and sustainability are not odd partners .
Sports is about less consuming and more participating ... it builds community .
Hockey draws inspiration directly from nature and winter .
And one of the more amazing things the NHL has done is bring people back outside . "
-- Bill McKibben , author , by video
" Yoga Magazine called Allen the ' Godfather of Greening ' in 2009 .
I guess that means he will make you an offer you can't throw away . "
-- Moderator David Brooks , New York Times columnist , introducing panelist Allen Hershkowitz , senior scientist for the Natural Resources Defense Council .
" If global warming produced the same results as smog , we would be working at a faster rate to find a solution . "
-- John Sterman , Jay W. Forrester Professor of Management , MIT Sloan School of Management
" I think the cultural barriers to sustainability are greater than the economic factors ... sports and entertainment industry leaders can help us break through that . "
-- Allen Hershkowitz , senior scientist , Natural Resources Defense Council .
" We need to remember this is not just an issue of global warming .
It 's about scarcity of resources too ... one positive point is there is unprecedented cooperation going among corporations and industries . "
-- Kathrin Winkler , Chief Sustainability Officer for EMC Corp .
" The American public right now is understandably preoccupied with the economy .
So anything that needs to be done or laws passed regarding energy and climate control have to be good for business . "
-- Fred Krupp , President , Environmental Defense Fund .
With the You - Know - What - Color Monster as a backdrop , the NHL panelists talked green business and sports league initiatives .
Here 's a sampling : " We as a League , well , we worry about the ice melting perhaps more than any other sport . " " Sports and sustainability are not odd partners .
Sports is about less consuming and more participating ... it builds community .
Hockey draws inspiration directly from nature and winter .
And one of the more amazing things the NHL has done is bring people back outside . " " Yoga Magazine called Allen the ' Godfather of Greening ' in 2009 .
I guess that means he will make you an offer you can't throw away . "
" If global warming produced the same results as smog , we would be working at a faster rate to find a solution . "
" I think the cultural barriers to sustainability are greater than the economic factors ... sports and entertainment industry leaders can help us break through that .
"
" We need to remember this is not just an issue of global warming .
It 's about scarcity of resources too ... one positive point is there is unprecedented cooperation going among corporations and industries .
"
" The American public right now is understandably preoccupied with the economy .
So anything that needs to be done or laws passed regarding energy and climate control have to be good for business . "
-- The NHL 's month - long celebration at Fenway Park continued Tuesday night as the League hosted a panel discussion titled " Sustainable Success : A Discussion on Business and the Environment . "
Former New York Rangers goalie and Stanley Cup winner Mike Richter , now a partner with Environmental Capital Partners in New York , was a notable panelist .
" Sports is a perfect launch pad for starting a conversation about protecting our environment , " Richter said during the panel discussion .
" It 's a conversation that needs to be had , over and over again .
" Not surprisingly , Richter was just as awestruck looking at the Fenway Park rink for the first time ( there is a college doubleheader scheduled for Friday ) as any other fan or NHL player .
" Phenomenal , " he said , peering out at the rink and ballpark after lingering a few minutes looking at the multitude of Red Sox historic photos on the walls outside Fenway 's EMC Club .
Richter was far from the only big name representing the green community .
Fred Krupp of the Environmental Defense Fund joined colleagues for the night that included Allen Hershkowitz , senior scientist with the Natural Resources Defense Council , John Sterman , professor and sustainable business researcher at MIT 's Sloan School of Management , Kathrin Winkler , Chief Sustainability Officer for EMC Corp. and Richter .
New York Times columnist and self - described hockey dad David Brooks moderated the discussion , which covered the growing green movement in sports and the bottom - line aspects of eco-friendly measures available to corporations and businesses .
Hershkowitz noted that sports teams and leagues are making planet - friendly changes .
Some examples include composting bins available at the 2009 World Series , public - service announcements for recycling played at ballparks and basketball arenas , plus 2.4 million napkins at this past summer 's U.S.
Open tennis tournament that were made from 90 percent recycled paper rather than virgin paper .
Brooks was skilled at including all panelists in the discussion , and later admitted he was more thrilled to meet Richter than President Obama .
One reason : Brooks sat in the blue seats ( the upper level ) at Madison Square Garden in the late 1960s and said he is particularly fond of the former goalie for helping the Rangers win their only Stanley Cup during Brooks ' years as a Blueshirts ' fan .
Brooks started the night by saying he was born in Toronto and had two dreams as a child :
One , to play in Fenway Park and , two , to become a NHL player .
He joked that Tuesday night was the closest he would come to either dream .
Every panelist was charmed by the sight of a hockey rink in FenwayPark , clearing taking time to consider the view and swap a few stories about media coverage of the Bruins ' 2 - 1 overtime victory over Philadelphia last Friday .
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and the League 's Chief Operating Officer , John Collins , made special appearances at the green - initiative event .
" As part of a multitude of events associated with the 2010 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic , we are hoping this event helps to raise consciousness about the stewardship we all need to have about our planet and climate , " Bettman said .
" After all , we need winter weather to play this game every year .
My previous item on Peter King touched a nerve with the excellent Alex Massie , who points out that King was an outright apologist for terrorism by the Irish Republican Army .
Massie points me to this old New York Sun article ( not by him ) which has some great details :
In 1980 , Mr. D'Amato , then the senator - elect , fulfilled a campaign pledge and went to Belfast on a fact - finding trip , taking Messrs .
King and Dillon with him .
It was the start of Mr. King 's long entanglement with the IRA , and he took to it with the zeal of a convert .
He forged links with leaders of the IRA and Sinn Fein in Ireland , and in America he hooked up with Irish Northern Aid , known as Noraid , a New York based group that the American , British , and Irish governments often accused of funneling guns and money to the IRA .
At a time when the IRA 's murder of Lord Mountbatten and its fierce bombing campaign in Britain and Ireland persuaded most American politicians to shun IRA - support groups , Mr. King displayed no such inhibitions .
He spoke regularly at Noraid protests and became close to the group 's publicity director , the Bronx lawyer Martin Galvin , a figure reviled by the British .
Mr. King 's support for the IRA was unequivocal .
In 1982 , for instance , he told a pro-IRA rally in Nassau County : " We must pledge ourselves to support those brave men and women who this very moment are carrying forth the struggle against British imperialism in the streets of Belfast and Derry . "
By the mid-1980s , the authorities on both sides of the Atlantic were openly hostile to Mr. King .
On one occasion , a judge threw him out of a Belfast courtroom during the murder trial of IRA men because , in the judge 's view , " he was an obvious collaborator with the IRA . "
When he attended other trials , the police singled him out for thorough body searches .
SACRAMENTO 
With his state strapped and his legacy looming , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger proposed on Wednesday to greatly reduce the amount of money California spends on its prisons and to funnel that sum to the state ’s higher education system instead .
The governor said he would also push for a constitutional amendment prohibiting the percentage of the state budget earmarked for prisons from exceeding what is set aside for its public university system .
“ Choosing universities over prisons , ” Mr. Schwarzenegger said in his final annual address to the Legislature .
“ This is a historic and transforming realignment of California ’s priorities . ”
The governor , a Republican , also used the opportunity to take a swipe at the proposed federal health care legislation  for which he has shown support  criticizing it as yet another federal program that requires the state to put out money it no longer has .
A job centre in England refused to accept an advertisement for a " reliable " worker because it discriminated against unreliable people .
Nicole Mamo , who runs a recruitment company , posted a request for a domestic cleaner on her local Jobcentre Plus website .
It asked little of applicants other than that they have a good command of English and " must be very reliable and hard - working " .
However , when she contacted Jobcentre Plus in Thetford , Norfolk , a member of staff told her the advert would not be displayed in - store in case unreliable workers sued for discrimination .
" I laughed because I thought that was crazy , " said Miss Mamo , whose company also supplies NHS staff .
Chinese authorities have begun blocking Chinese internet users from reading Wired.com , according to a report from the Examiner .
Internet users from Beijing to Shanghai found the site inaccessible starting Friday , reports Glenn Loveland , the Examiner 's Beijing correspondent .
The block adds Wired.com to a long list of sites that are or have been considered too dangerous for Chinese net users .
UPDATE Saturday 19:45 PST : Reports of Wired.com 's demise in China may be a bit premature , as readers in several cities in China report being able to read the site .
One says that urls that include the words RSS or blog are often blocked , one said we were blocked on a cell phone , while another said Wired.com was fine now but was blocked for weeks in December .
We are glad to learn you all can hear Radio Free Wired.com in Beijing and Shanghai , but we promise to redouble our efforts to anger political censors around the world .
/ UPDATE
Current blacklist members and alumni include YouTube , Facebook , the BBC , Wikipedia , Google and most recently , IMDB , an encyclopedic movie information site .
China 's censorship of the net is in constant flux , aided by sets of powerful firewalls marketed to the Communist government by Western technology companies .
We 're not sure if we are supposed to give an acceptance speech or file an official complaint in triplicate at the Ministry of Proper Online Thought .
Wired.com was not notified of the block and has not been able to confirm it independently .
If you are based in China , we 'd appreciate you letting us know in the comments or by e-mail if you can't load the site without having to use a proxy or censorship evasion tools like Tor .
Another easy way to report this block or others is to use the Berkman Center 's Herdict tool .
Wired.com editors are hard at work trying to figure out what we did to earn a spot on the blacklist .
Was it our wall - to - wall CES coverage ?
Or was it Wired.com 's critical coverage of Chinese internet censorship ?
Wired.com is the online affiliate of Wired magazine .
Both are owned by Condé Nast , a privately held publishing company based in New York that also publishes Vanity Fair , GQ and The New Yorker , among other titles .
See Also :
By Dr. Roy Spencer , PhD .
Last year I posted an analysis of satellite observations of the 2007 - 08 global cooling event , showing evidence that it was due to a natural increase in low cloud cover .
Here I will look at the bigger picture of what how the satellite - observed variations in Earth ’s radiative budget compare to that expected from increasing carbon dioxide .
Is there something that we can say about the relative roles of nature versus humanity based upon the evidence ?
What we will find is evidence consistent with natural cloud variations being the dominant source of climate variability since 2000 .
CERES Observations of Global Energy Budget Changes
The following graph shows the variations in the Earth ’s global - average radiative energy balance as measured by the CERES instrument on NASA ’s Terra satellite .
These are variations in the imbalance between absorbed sunlight and emitted infrared radiation , the most fundamental quantity associated with global warming or global cooling .
Also show ( in red ) are theoretically calculated changes in radiative forcing from increasing carbon dioxide as measured at Mauna Loa .
Since there is some uncertainty in the absolute accuracy of the CERES measurements , where one puts the zero line is also somewhat uncertain .
Therefore , it ’s the variations since 2000 which are believed to be pretty accurate , and the exact dividing line between Earth gaining energy and Earth losing energy is uncertain .
Significantly , all of the downward trend is in the reflected sunlight portion , not the infrared portion of the variations .
We similarly can not reference where the zero line should be for the CO2 forcing , but the reasons for this are more complex and I will not address them here .
In order to compare the variations in the CO2 forcing ( in red ) to the satellite observations , we need to account for the fact that the satellite observes forcing and feedback intermingled together .
So , let ’s remove a couple of estimates of feedback from the satellite measurements to do a more direct comparison .
Inferred Forcing Assuming High Climate Sensitivity ( IPCC View )
Conceptually , the variations in the Earth ’s radiative imbalance are a mixture of forcing ( e.g. increasing CO2 ; clouds causing temperature changes ) , and feedback ( e.g. temperature changes causing cloud changes ) .
We can estimate the forcing part by subtracting out the feedback part .
First , let ’s assume that the IPCC is correct that climate sensitivity is pretty high .
In the following chart I have subtracted out an estimate of the feedback portion of the CERES measurements based upon the IPCC 20 - model average feedback parameter of 1.4 W m - 2 K - 1 times the satellite AMSU - measured tropospheric temperature variations
As can be seen , the long - term trend in the CERES measurements is much larger than can be accounted for by increasing carbon dioxide alone , which is presumably buried somewhere in the satellite - measured signal .
In fact , the satellite observed trend is in the reflected sunlight portion , not the infrared as we would expect for increasing CO2 ( not shown ) .
Inferred Forcing Assuming Low Climate Sensitivity ( ” Skeptical ” View )
There has been some published evidence ( our 2007 GRL paper , Lindzen & Choi ’s 2009 paper ) to suggest the climate system is quite insensitive .
Based upon that evidence , if we assume a net feedback parameter of 6 W m - 2 K - 1 is operating during this period of time , then removing that feedback signal using AMSU channel 5 yields the following history of radiative forcing :
As can be seen , the relative size of the natural forcings become larger since more forcing is required to cause the same temperature changes when the feedback fighting it is strong .
Remember , the NET feedback ( including the direct increase in emitted IR ) is always acting against the forcing … it is the restoring force for the climate system .
What this Might Mean for Global Warming
The main point I am making here is that , no matter whether you assume the climate system is sensitive or insensitive , our best satellite measurements suggest that the climate system is perfectly capable of causing internally - generated radiative forcing larger than the “ external ” forcing due to increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations .
Low cloud variations are the most likely source of this internal radiative forcing .
It should be remembered that the satellite data are actually measured , whereas the CO2 forcing ( red lines in the above graphs ) is so small that it can only be computed theoretically .
The satellite observed trend toward less energy loss ( or , if you prefer , more energy gain ) is interesting since there was no net warming observed during this time .
How could this be ?
Well , the satellite observed trend must be due to forcing only since there was no warming or cooling trend during this period for feedback to act upon .
And the lack of warming from this substantial trend in the forcing suggests an insensitive climate system .
If one additionally entertains the possibility that there is still considerable “ warming still in the pipeline ” left from increasing CO2 , as NASA ’s Jim Hansen claims , then the need for some natural cooling mechanism to offset and thus produce no net warming becomes even stronger .
Either that , or the climate system is so insensitive to increasing CO2 that there is essentially no warming left in the pipeline to be realized .
( The less sensitive the climate system , the faster it reaches equilibrium when forced with a radiative imbalance . )
Any way you look at it , the evidence for internally - forced climate change is pretty clear .
Based upon this satellite evidence alone , I do not see how the IPCC can continue to ignore internally - forced variations in the climate system .
The evidence for its existence is there for all to see , and in my opinion , the IPCC ’s lack of diagnostic skill in this matter verges on scientific malpractice .
In Latina , we learned all about Sonia Sotomayor 's personal life and style .
A new profile in the New Yorker thoroughly probes her work life and relationships to paint another picture of the justice as intellectually savvy , confident , and compassionate .
Advertisement
Running twelve long pages , Lauren Collins 's piece delves deeply into Sotomayor 's past , relying heavily on the testimony of friends and congressional gossip to reveal how much was at stake with her historic nomination , and how long a climb it actually was .
Collins 's article deserves a deep reading on its own merit , but here are eight items that stood out to me as particularly telling .
Focus on Sotomayor 's Clothing as a Signifier of Difference
Much has been made of Sotomayor 's nail polish and hoop earrings .
Writer Lauren Collins continues this trend within the first few paragraphs noting :
By the end of the hour allotted to the case , Justice Sotomayor - wearing a snaky silver cuff bracelet and with her fingernails painted sports - car red - had spoken five times .
Advertisement
This is normally positioned alongside other quirky characteristics of Sotomayor , like her card - sharking ways .
No , seriously .
The financial - disclosure form that she filed with the Senate revealed that , in 2008 , in a Florida casino , she had won $ 8,283 playing cards .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
During the nomination process , Sotomayor 's background was carefully scrutinized , and she was instructed to camouflage or obscure some of her normal habits .
In some ways , her embrace of her own cosmetic preferences and hobbies over what is considered to be safe or acceptable signal she is not ashamed of who she is or where she has come from .
Assimilation requires a very high price and her refusal to do so is an amazing stand for individual truth .
There is nothing inferior about wearing colored nail polish , or wearing an off - the - rack suit to work , or rocking hoop earrings .
Just as many of us are asked to remove our ethnic and regional markers in exchange for success ( straightening hair , tightening diction , and avoiding items that call attention to the wearer )
Sotomayor 's subtle - but persistent - refusal to fall in line implies much more than a love of candy apple red polish .
She Is Not Afraid to Speak
In contrast to the conservative answer to Silent Bob , Sotomayor assumed the bench and peppered the presenting attorneys with questions .
Friends quoted in the New Yorker mentioned she wanted to be ready " on day one " to make a contribution to the court .
And has she ever - Collins notes Sotomayor " asked a hundred and forty - six questions in the course of thirteen arguments ( average : 11.2 questions per argument ) . "
Advertisement
However , Sotomayor 's questioning was not idle puffery - Sotomayor is revealed to be a skilled interrogator on the bench , who often uses her questions to force attorneys to clarify their positions .
The day before , in the Court 's opening session , she had spoken thirty - three times , more than any other Justice .
In contrast to some of her peers , who pondered historical parallels ( Justice Antonin Scalia : " What about a new Adolf Hitler ? " ) or posed absurdist hypotheticals ( Justice Samuel Alito : " Suppose you have the Ethnic Cleansing Channel on cable TV ? " ) , she took a nudgy , earthbound approach ( " What do you mean by ‘ even - handed , ' please ? " ) .
She did not traffic in punch lines or brainteasers .
Her hypothetical was an actual .
You could imagine Sotomayor , who had ditched the frilly jabot she had worn in her official portrait ( a gift from Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ) , becoming curious about pit - bull documentaries and calling up some David Roma clips on YouTube to check them out for herself .
Advertisement
However , this tendency to question has caused some tension on the court .
She inspired a quick retort from Ruth Bader Ginsberg after interjecting when an attorney was attempting to answer Ginsberg 's question .
In addition , while the other justices are remaining mostly quiet about their true feelings , generally it appears that enthusastic questioners are not always appreciated :
Sotomayor 's questions in her first week on the bench established her as the Court 's most exuberant rookie interrogator since Scalia , who , in 1986 , had irked Justice Lewis Powell by hogging the floor .
( " Do you think he knows that the rest of us are here ? "
Powell had whispered to Justice Thurgood Marshall . )
Advertisement
Internalized Racism and Sexism Is Still a Barrier Preventing a True Meritocracy
The Sotomayor nomination process brought up an ugly dynamic that professionals of color know all too well - the double assumption that a position was earned and " given " without any demonstration of merit .
Despite Obama 's praise , and photographs of Sotomayor 's angelic mother , Celina Sotomayor , dabbing at her eyes during the press conference , the rollout got off to a slightly sour start .
In early May , a widely read article by Jeffrey Rosen in The New Republic , entitled " The Case Against Sotomayor , " had quoted an anonymous source as saying that Sotomayor was " kind of a bully on the bench , " " domineering , " and " not that smart . "
The piece generated six hundred and forty - two comments on the magazine 's Web site , many of them incensed .
Rosen eventually softened his criticisms , but the insinuations lingered .
The day after the nomination was announced , Dana Milbank wrote in the Washington Post that Obama had opted for " biography over brain . "
Many of the potshots were glancing ( Newt Gingrich Tweeting that Sotomayor was a " Latina woman racist " ) , but the perception that Sotomayor was a temperamentally and intellectually invalid candidate , posited largely by backers of other candidates during the selection process , had infiltrated the debate .
Advertisement
This perplexed many who knew Sotomayor to be intellectually gifted and determined .
A former professor mentioned that while she was n't the best student he ever had ( though she was near the top ) she definitely made the most of the opportunities presented to her and the experiences her education provided .
Another classmate was perplexed at the charges that Sotomayor was an intellectual lightweight :
In June , Ted Shaw , a former head of the N.A.A.C.P. Legal and Educational Defense Fund , and a high - school classmate of Sotomayor 's , exclaimed to me , " She was at the top of our class , which was ninety per cent white .
For those who suggest her intellectual background is not strong - well , all the white folks were below her ! "
Advertisement
Sadly , this type of unfair scrutiny was well known to Sotomayor .
Before being nominated for the Supreme Court , she was nominated to the district - court , and was slandered then as well :
Sotomayor was confirmed as a district - court judge with the unanimous consent of the Senate in August , 1992 .
" The hearing was wonderful , " she said later .
" Because a Democratic senator had proposed me and a Republican President nominated me , my questions were pro forma . "
Five years later , in June of 1997 , President Clinton submitted her name to the Senate as a nominee to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals .
Things proceeded smoothly until the hearing .
" Unfortunately , at 12 noon of the day of my hearing , Rush Limbaugh decided to devote his radio show to my nomination , " Sotomayor recalled later .
Limbaugh 's objections were strategic : Sotomayor was on a " rocket ship " to the Supreme Court , he warned .
It was March , 1998 , before the Judiciary Committee voted , 16 –2 , to send Sotomayor 's name to the full Senate .
The nomination stalled .
Finally , in October , amid intense pressure from Hispanic groups - Sotomayor 's supporters sent ten thousand letters to senators - Sotomayor got a hearing .
She was confirmed , 67 – 29 .
After the experience , she sounded unusually cynical .
" Although we all wish to believe that appointments are only the product of merit , the harsh reality is that the support of community groups is critical to insuring that meritorious candidates are not overlooked or victimized in the appointment process , " she said .
Advertisement
Collins also makes an interesting note .
Explaining the controversy resulting from use of the term " Wise Latina , " she used the unique circumstances Sotomayor found herself in to shed light on one of the unfair practices that often goes unexamined :
The senators presented themselves as abstract platonic guardians of the American polity , without acknowledging - or perhaps being aware of - the fact that , if they had never said anything sticky about race or about gender , they had also very infrequently been asked to say anything about race and gender at all .
( " The Daily Show " lampooned the charge that Sotomayor was a racist with a mock - exposé of the Bronxdale Houses , the " exclusive lily - brown gated community " where Sotomayor grew up . )
Advertisement
Race and gender quickly became polarizing points , with each side dancing around their true intentions :
" Empathy " became the code word for reaching decisions on issues of race and gender that Republican senators did n't like .
And " code words , " decried by Senators Ted Kaufman and Sheldon Whitehouse , became the code word for making comments that Democratic senators thought were racist and sexist .
Advertisement
Matters of Class
Sotomayor 's racial background has been the subject of much discussion - but less attention has been paid to her upward climb from the projects to the highest authority in the land .
Collins points out :
No one talked about how empathy can relate to class and how , when it does , we think it 's a good thing .
It would be hard to imagine anyone raising objections to Sotomayor 's drawing on her knowledge of life in New York 's financially precarious classes to conclude , as she did in Krimstock v. Kelly ( 2002 ) , an impoundment case , that " a car or truck is often central to a person 's livelihood or daily activities , " or , in Lin , that " we simply have no foundation on which to conclude that all couples have the financial resources to escape at the same time . " [...]
Sotomayor has an awareness of the practical , almost bodily concerns that can affect the law .
" Prepare a small volume of just the critical documents so the judge can refer to them easily or take them home without losing an arm , " she once counselled a group of young attorneys .
To another , she said , " Filing and serving a restraining order on the eve of a holiday may be procedurally permissible , but it is both inhumane and unfair . "
In a speech , she recalled Titi Gloria , a seamstress , babysitting her in a dark , airless sweatshop .
" Titi would vigilantly chase me away from the door all day long , " Sotomayor wrote , adding that it dawned on her only later that they were hiding from the police .
" Forget first Latina , " Ted Shaw , her former classmate , said .
" She 's the only Justice I am aware of who 's ever grown up in a housing project . "
Advertisement
How much will Sotomayor 's class background factor into her decisions ?
It is a bit too soon to tell , but it is certain that her less than privileged upbringing has given her a markedly different outlook on the realities of life :
In 2000 , at the graduation ceremony of the Bronx Leadership Academy , Sotomayor had said , " It is so exciting to be at the door of a major change in one 's life .
That 's why brides and bridegrooms smile so much at weddings and why so many tears of joy are shed when a wanted child arrives " - her unprompted use of the phrase " wanted child " acknowledging the possibility that an expectant parent could feel otherwise .
Advertisement
The Shifting Boundaries of Solidarity
Collins describes an interesting scene during the nominations process .
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus spearheaded the movement to ensure Sotomayor was on the President 's short list , but felt they needed more support .
In a rare show of inter-community organizing , they chose to ask for help .
Latino leaders also lobbied their black counterparts to the cause .
" The concern of some people , and I believe some in the White House , was with what political capital they could use in nominating a Latina in terms of the black community , who feel that Clarence Thomas does n't represent them , " Velázquez said .
On the House floor , Velázquez approached the North Carolina representative Mel Watt , who serves on the House Judiciary Committee , and who formerly chaired the Congressional Black Caucus .
A few days later , Watt called Velázquez on a Saturday .
" Nydia , I placed a call to the White House , " he said .
" I said , ‘ If there 's not a black candidate that makes the short list , we will be supportive of Sonia Sotomayor . ' "
Advertisement
Racial politics are evolving in this country .
This does not mean that we suddenly became " post - racial " - nothing could be further from the truth .
But Sotomayor 's nomination did demonstrate the shifting of thoughts .
Just because two people may share a skin tone does not mean they will share a political outlook , and Velázquez 's astute view of the strained relationship between members of the black community and Justice Thomas ( who was aware he was taking " the black seat " pioneered by Thurgood Marshall ) .
Our current racial dynamics find Sotomayor often compared to Clarence Thomas , the other nonwhite justice on the court .
However , their outlooks and ideas about community and responsibility are like night and day .
As Collins ' explains , they key difference between the justices is their perception :
Clarence Thomas 's experiences in the seventies caused him to embrace individualism ; Sotomayor 's made her an establishmentarian . [...]
Unlike Thomas , Sotomayor has wanted to be a representative of a group . "
Advertisement
Views On Fairness
Sotomayor 's rich experiences have led her to different types of considerations in evaluating was is considered " fair " - which is often conflated with equitable treatment .
Collins describes how Sotomayor handled these contradictions in one of her law reviews :
In 1977 , she entered Yale Law School .
There , she made law review with an esoteric note that examined a constitutional principle called the equal - footing doctrine in the light of the Puerto Rican statehood movement .
If Puerto Rico became a state , Sotomayor asked , would it keep the mineral rights to surrounding seabeds ?
She forged a narrow compromise , asserting that , while equal footing prevailed under most circumstances , Congress was entitled to make certain exceptions .
" She was navigating between two very difficult questions to find a practical , workable solution , " the Yale Law School professor Stephen Carter , who edited the note , said .
Advertisement
She 's far from a bleeding - heart - instead , Sotomayor 's judicial record exemplifies someone concerned with the dignity and treatment of other humans :
Sotomayor is perceived as being more liberal in cases involving immigration .
Although an analysis compiled by Senator Schumer 's office suggested that her rate of deciding with the government - eighty - three per cent - was consistent with that of the rest of the Second Circuit , she drew notice , in her first Supreme Court opinion , by using the terms " undocumented immigrant " and " undocumented worker " instead of " illegal immigrant . "
Bruno Bembi , a lawyer who has argued several immigration cases before Sotomayor , said , " If there was a way that you could interpret the matter so that you could give the alien the benefit of the doubt , or go along with some of the Ninth Circuit " - the liberal California court - " cases , she would give that to you if it was reasonable . "
Judge Rosemary Pooler said , " She was very thoughtful and very willing to try to find ways , within the tight system that has evolved , for immigrants to achieve asylum . "
Sotomayor 's concurring opinion in Lin v. United States Department of Justice ( 2007 ) may epitomize her jurisprudence .
In the case , three Chinese aliens - the unmarried partners of women who had been subject to China 's forced - abortion policies - petitioned for automatic asylum on the basis of persecution .
The majority rejected their claim , ruling that automatic asylum did not extend to spouses or to unmarried partners .
Sotomayor 's opinion united two sometimes conflicting strands of her jurisprudence - an aversion to going beyond the issues at hand and a concern about the effects of laws on people - citing dry procedural principles to reach a compassionate conclusion .
Since the petitioners were unmarried , the Court had erred , she wrote , in considering the question of whether partners and spouses should be permitted asylum ( " Today 's decision marks an extraordinary and unwarranted departure from our longstanding principles of deference and judicial restraint " ) .
But , since it had , it should have realized that spouses can experience persecution by association ( " The termination of a wanted pregnancy under a coercive population control program can only be devastating to any couple , akin , no doubt , to the killing of a child " ) .
Advertisement
Straddling Boundaries
As anyone who has ever been a " first " knows , to achieve that measure of success tends to have stressful impact on one 's sense of self .
" To her great credit , she has very little of el complejo colonial , [ roughly defined here ] the doubts that afflict so many of us , " Judge José Cabranes , Jr. , of the Second Circuit , told me .
But Sotomayor , despite her outward equanimity , has been a quiet seeker , contemplating , in her undramatic way , what she has called " the pathology of successful Latinos . "
As much as she has celebrated her Puerto Rican identity , she has also sought to escape what she has called " the gripping and narrowing tentacles of life experiences . "
Advertisement
Still , it is hard to unshoulder a burden one is aware of .
Sotomayor 's choice of source texts and other materials are illuminating :
In a profession that values the illusion of infallibility , Sotomayor has been unusually willing to acknowledge murky areas .
In her writings and speeches , she has returned to key texts : Stephen Carter 's " Reflections of an Affirmative Action Baby " ; Carol Gilligan 's " In a Different Voice " ; Judith Resnik 's " On the Bias : Feminist Reconsiderations of the Aspirations for Our Judges " ; studies in the journal Judicature on how women affect judging .
She acknowledges a tension between the ideal ( experiences do not influence us at all ) and the real ( experiences affect us ) , and suggests that , while we should continually work toward the ideal , we ignore or neglect the real at our peril .
From Resnik , Gilligan , and the Judicature essays , she takes the idea that women are different from men , combining it with Stephen Carter 's thesis that there is no single " people of color " voice ( or " female voice , " for that matter ) , to conclude that " excluded people " are different , but they are not all different in the same way .
Advertisement
A Different Type Of Politics for Change
Ultimately , Sotomayor has a long way to go while creating her legacy on the court .
Her longtime friend Ken Moy is hopeful though , explaining that " Sonia was always able to find the levers inside existing structures . "
Collins explains how her ideas for reform are far from separatism , but require engaging systems in order to " perfect them : "
Sotomayor has attempted not to demolish institutions but to transform them from within .
She has an uncanny ability to challenge authority without invoking its wrath . [...]
Sotomayor believes in the perfectibility of systems .
Several of her former clerks attributed her impatience with unprepared lawyers to her reverence for the judicial process and her faith that , if it is administered meticulously , it will achieve the correct result .
Advertisement
Number Nine [ New Yorker ]
Clarence Thomas :
Two years of court silence [ MSNBC ]
Earlier : " Her Honor : " 6 Things To Know About Justice Sonia Sotomayor
Supreme Court Smackdowns : Sotomayor Vs. Thomas
NEW YORK , Jan. 21 ( UPI ) -- New
York parks officials say a coyote captured in the Harlem neighborhood was the third one spotted in the borough of Manhattan in the past decade .
Police said they received a call about the coyote wandering the streets about 9:30 a.m. Wednesday .
An emergency service unit tranquilized the animal and took it to the Wildlife Conservation Society at the Bronx Zoo , CNN reported Thursday .
Advertisement
" The coyote is under evaluation and observation , " society spokeswoman Mary Dixon said .
Dixon said the animal , a female between 1 and 2 years old , will eventually be sent to a rescue center or returned to the wild .
New York City Parks Commissioner Adrian Benepe said coyotes are known to visit Manhattan , the heart of the United States ' most populated urban center , but only rarely .
" This is actually the third coyote that has been seen in the last 10 years , " Benepe said .
Benepe speculated the coyote may have wandered into Manhattan via the Amtrak rail corridor or by swimming across the Hudson River .
Today in the Observer , business columnist John Naughton describes in exquisite detail the blinkered pig-ignorance of Business Secretary Peter Mandelson 's plan to de-fund basic research in favor of " prioritising research that would contribute to Britain 's future prosperity . "
That is , he 's only going divert funding to those small , incremental technologies that have well - understood , overhyped revenue models , leaving out the visionary basic science that has historically accounted for the largest payouts for industry and government .
If Mandelson 's criteria had controlled spending 50 years ago , no one would have wasted money on go - nowhere egghead flights of fancy — like the laser .
Lasers are thus a critical part of our technological infrastructure , yet no one involved in the research that led to them had any inkling of what their investigations would produce .
The original idea goes back to a paper Albert Einstein published in 1917 on " The Quantum Theory of Radiation " about the absorption , spontaneous emission and stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation .
For 40 years , stimulated emission was of absorbing interest to quantum physicists , but of little interest to anyone else – certainly to nobody in government .
Which brings us to Lord Mandelson , now in charge of all government funding of universities and academic research .
He has no personal experience of research in science or technology , but , like many people whose minds are unclouded by knowledge , has strong views on these matters .
In his first speech after taking control of Britain 's research spending , for example , he " made no apology for prioritising research that would contribute to Britain 's future prosperity " .
The occasion was the celebration of the centenary of the Science Museum , and Mandy left his listeners in no doubt that he will continue government policy of allocating more of the £ 6bn science budget to areas with commercial applications – in other words , areas that the government ( and its industrial advisers ) think will yield short - term benefits for Britain .
While legal analysts like Glenn Greenwald and Jonathan Turley lamented Justice Samuel Alito's " serious and substantive breach of protocol " during last night 's State of the Union address , conservatives are predictably apoplectic about President Obama 's temerity in questioning the Supreme Court 's campaign finance decision in that setting .
As it turns out , the right - wing hypocrisy in defense of Alito is double .
After all , President Bush did n't just routinely use the State of the Union to castigate " activist judges . "
For years , Bush 's amen corner in the conservative movement threatened judges to bring them in line .
Bush 's Supreme politicking during his State of the Union speeches was a regular fixture of his presidency .
For three straight years ( 2004 , 2005 and 2006 ) , President Bush denounced " activist judges " and insisted " for the good of families , children and society , I support a constitutional amendment to protect the institution of marriage . "
On the very day Samuel Alito joined the Roberts Court , Bush used his 2006 SOTU for a victory lap :
" The Supreme Court now has two superb new members -- new members on its bench : Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Sam Alito .
I thank the Senate for confirming both of them .
I will continue to nominate men and women who understand that judges must be servants of the law and not legislate from the bench . "
Nevertheless , Republican leaders feigned outrage over President Obama 's criticism Wednesday of the Court 's Citizens United decision last week .
Utah Senator Orrin Hatch called it " rude , " adding " It 's one thing to say that he differed with the court but another thing to demagogue the issue while the court is sitting there out of respect for his position . "
Texan John Cornyn took it a step further , calling Obama 's strong disagreement with the Court " hysterical " and insisting :
" I do n't think the president should have done what he did in trying to call out the Supreme Court for doing its job .
They are the final word on the meaning of the United States Constitution , even when we do n't like the outcome . "
Of course , back in 2005 , John Cornyn was one of the GOP standard bearers in the conservative fight against so - called " judicial activism " in the wake of the Republicans ' disastrous intervention in the Terri Schiavo affair .
On April 4th , Cornyn took to the Senate floor to issue a not - too - thinly veiled threat to judges opposing his reactionary agenda .
Just days after the murders of one judge in Atlanta and the family members of another in Chicago , former Texas Supreme Court Justice Cornyn offered his endorsement of judicial intimidation :
" I do n't know if there is a cause - and - effect connection , but we have seen some recent episodes of courthouse violence in this country ...
And I wonder whether there may be some connection between the perception in some quarters , on some occasions , where judges are making political decisions yet are unaccountable to the public , that it builds up and builds up and builds up to the point where some people engage in , engage in violence . "
Facing criticism for his remarks seemingly endorsing right - wing retribution against judges , Cornyn held his ground .
" I did n't make the link , " he said on Fox News Sunday , adding with a note of sarcasm :
" It was taken out of context .
I regret it was taken out of context and misinterpreted . "
As it turns out , Cornyn was merely echoing the words of the soon - to - be indicted House Majority Leader Tom Delay .
On March 31st , Delay issued a statement regarding the consistent rulings in favor of Michael Schiavo by all federal and state court judges involved :
" The time will come for the men responsible for this to answer for their behavior , but not today . "
As the New York Times reported :
Saying that the courts '' thumbed their nose at Congress and the president , '' Mr. DeLay , of Texas , suggested Congress was exploring responses and declined to rule out the possibility of Congressional impeachment of the judges involved .
The impact of tacit conservative endorsement of violence against judges cannot be dismissed .
After all , it extends to members of the Supreme Court of the United States .
In March 2006 , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg revealed that she and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor were the targets of death threats .
On February 28th , 2005 , the marshal of the Court informed O'Connor and Ginsburg of an Internet posting citing their references to international law in Court decisions ( a frequent whipping boy of the right ) as requiring their assassination :
" This is a huge threat to our Republic and Constitutional freedom ...
If you are what you say you are , and NOT armchair patriots , then those two justices will not live another week . "
Neither O'Connor nor Ginsburg were shy about making the connection between Republican rhetoric of judicial intimidation and the upswing in threats and actual violence against judges .
While Ginsburg noted that they " fuel the irrational fringe , " O'Connor blamed Cornyn and his fellow travelers for " creating a culture " in which violence towards judges is merely another political tactic :
" It gets worse .
It does n't help when a high - profile senator suggests a ' cause - and - effect connection ' [ between controversial rulings and subsequent acts of violence ] . "
Of course , O'Connor and Ginsburg were n't the only targets of right - wing retribution , serious or otherwise .
After sentencing Scooter Libby to 30 months in prison in 2007 , Judge Reggie Walton reported receiving death threats .
That episode followed a January 2006 joke by best - selling conservative author and media personality Ann Coulter , who mused in January 2006 , " We need somebody to put rat poisoning in Justice Stevens ' creme brulee . "
As reaction to the Supreme Court 's Citizens United v. FEC ruling showed , judicial activism like beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
But as John Cornyn , Tom Delay and their fellow travelers at right - wing " Justice Sunday " and " Values Voter " events reveal time and again , judicial intimidation is the province of Republicans alone .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
A federal judge in Boston today formally signed off on a $ 675,000 fine that a jury assessed against Boston University doctoral student Joel Tenenbaum for illegally sharing 30 copyrighted songs .
But in an unusual decision , U.S. District Court Judge Nancy Gertner expressed " very , very " deep concerns at the " astronomical penalties " available to music companies under copyright laws .
Gertner said the court would have been willing to consider Tenenbaum 's fair use defense in the case but concluded that the manner in which the arguments were presented by the defense counsel made it all but impossible for her to do so .
" Rather than tailoring his fair use defense to suggest a modest exception to copyright protections , Tenenbaum 's defense mounted a broadside attack that would excuse all file sharing for private enjoyment , " the judge wrote in a 38 - page decision .
Such a broad definition of fair use would " swallow " all copyright protections , Gertner said .
Her ruling means Tenenbaum will be required to pay $ 112,500 to Sony BMG Music Entertainment for five songs , another $ 250,000 to Warner Bros .
Records Inc. for sharing 10 songs , $ 45,000 to Arista Records for two songs and $ 292,500 to UMG Recordings , Inc. for 13 sound recordings .
A hearing on the constitutionality of the size of the damages awarded in the case is scheduled for Jan .
5 . Tenenbaum has previously stated that he would be forced to declare bankruptcy if he is required to pay the fine .
Tenenbaum was found liable of illegal music sharing in July .
He had been accused by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , which represents the major music labels , of illegally downloading and sharing more than 800 songs .
The case , however , focused on a representative sample of 30 of those songs .
The RIAA sued Tenenbaum in 2007 .
The case shot to prominence last year when Harvard Law School professor Charles Nesson announced that he would represent Tenenbaum in his fight against the RIAA .
The case is only the second RIAA lawsuit to go to trial .
The previous case , involving Jammie Thomas Rasset , a single mother in Minnesota , ended with a federal jury awarding six music companies damages in excess of $ 1.9 million .
In Tenenbaum 's case , the damages were assessed after he admitted to illegally downloading the contested songs during a brief jury trial in July .
Before the trial had even begun , Gertner had forbidden Tenenbaum from asserting a " fair use " defense in the case .
The fair use doctrine allows for the use of copyrighted material without permission from the rights holders in certain circumstances , including nonprofit academic purposes , or if the copyrighted work is used in a different way for a limited purpose such as to comment or criticize something .
In her ruling today , Gertner blamed Nesson 's handling of the case for her decision while " imploring " Congress to amend copyright statutes to reflect the realities of file - sharing .
Under other circumstances , the court would have been willing to consider a fair - use defense , Gertner noted .
For example , the court would have been willing to hear a fair - use defense in cases where music might have been downloaded for the purposes of sampling the songs before buying them or " space - shifting to store purchased music , " she said .
Likewise , someone who had indulged in P2P file - sharing before music was available for online downloads might have been able to claim a fair - use defense , she said .
" The Court was prepared to consider a more expansive fair use argument than other courts have credited -- perhaps one supported by facts specific to this individual and this unique period of rapid technological change , " she said .
But Tenenbaum " would have none of it , " and instead tried to assert a much more sweeping fair - use defense that was meaningless , she said .
Speaking with Computerworld today , Tenenbaum asserted that he is continuing to pursue " every option possible " to get the verdict overturned .
" Obviously I do n't believe $ 675,000 is a just verdict , " Tenenbaum said .
He expressed satisfaction that the judge overturned a separate motion filed by the RIAA seeking to prevent Tenenbaum from " promoting " the use of the Internet for music downloading purposes .
" They wanted to restrict my free speech .
I am thrilled at the court 's decision . " he said .
Ray Beckerman , a New York attorney who has represented individuals in numerous RIAA lawsuits , called the judge 's decision surprising .
" She ruled before the trial that the fair - use doctrine was gone .
It 's unusual to write a decision when none is called for , " Beckerman said .
Though Gertner 's decision expresses a clear stand on how her court would have treated a fair - use defense , it does not set a precedent for other courts , he said .
" When a judge expresses their opinion on things that are not necessary to a decision it does not have any binding , precedential value , " he said .
" It is as if someone just gave their ideas , " he said .
Saturn 's mysterious hexagon crown lit up as 30 - year winter ends
Stunning images of the intriguing hexagon shape crowning Saturn have been captured by Nasa 's Cassini spacecraft .
Scientists have waited nearly 30 years for the Sun to illuminate the ringed planet 's north pole , which heralds the arrival of spring on Saturn .
It has allowed them to take the most detailed pictures yet of the hexagon phenomenon , which has a diameter wider than two Earths .
The images , taken from 475,000 miles away , have revealed concentric circles , curlicues , walls and streamers within the hexagon .
The hexagon jet stream has flowed around Saturn 's north pole for at least 30 years .
This image was captured by the Cassini spacecraft
The data will help shed light on space weather and unanswered questions about the same processes on Earth .
The unusual shape is created by a jet stream flowing around the north pole , but scientists are baffled by what causes the hexagon and where it sucks in and expels its energy .
They are also intrigued by how it has managed to stay organised for so long .
The last visible - light images of the entire hexagon were captured by Nasa 's Voyager spacecraft nearly 30 years ago , the last time spring began on Saturn .
After the sunlight faded , darkness shrouded the north pole for 15 years .
Much to the delight of Cassini scientists , the location and shape of the hexagon in the latest images match up with what they saw in the Voyager pictures .
' The longevity of the hexagon makes this something special , given that weather on Earth lasts on the order of weeks , ' said Kunio Sayanagi , from the Cassini imaging team at the California Institute of Technology .
' It 's a mystery on par with the strange weather conditions that give rise to the long - lived Great Red Spot of Jupiter . '
A view of Saturn from the Cassini spacecraft taken today .
Cassini has studied the planet and its moons since 2004
The hexagon was originally discovered in images taken by the Voyager spacecraft in the early 1980s .
It encircles Saturn at about 77 degrees north latitude .
The jet stream is believed to whip along the hexagon at around 220 miles per hour .
Saturn should give scientists a good model to study the physics of circulation patterns and atmosphere , before it does not have land masses or oceans on its surface to complicate weather the way Earth does .
Cassini has shown Saturn 's region of space to be active .
In a November fly - by it recorded jets of water vapour spewing from fissures on the surface of the moon Enceladus
Nasa scientist Kevin Baines has studied the hexagon with Cassini 's visual and infrared mapping spectrometer .
He said : ' Now that we can see undulations and circular features instead of blobs in the hexagon , we can start trying to solve some of the unanswered questions about one of the most bizarre things we 've ever seen in the solar system .
' Solving these unanswered questions about the hexagon will help us answer basic questions about weather that we 're still asking about our own planet . '
The Cassini team plan to search the new images for clues , taking an especially close look at the newly identified waves that radiate from the corners of the hexagon - where the jet takes its hardest turns - and the multi-walled structure that extends to the top of Saturn 's cloud layer in each of the hexagon 's six sides .
Scientists are also particularly intrigued by a large dark spot that appeared in a different position in a previous infrared image from Cassini .
In the latest images , the spot appears in the 2 o'clock position .
Google Inc. co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are relinquishing some of their control over the Internet search leader with the sale of 10 million shares worth $ 5.5 billion at current prices .
Under a plan disclosed Friday , the longtime business partners will each sell 5 million Google shares during a five - year period that will commence with the first trade .
The sales will occur periodically to lessen the chances of hurting Google 's stock price .
Page and Brin , both 36 , will remain Google 's most influential shareholders , although they will be losing some of their clout .
The two iconoclasts own a special class of Google stock that gives them combined voting power of about 59 percent _ enough to override the wishes of all other shareholders if they wanted .
The duo secured this veto power to ensure Google remained true to their values , which are summed up in the company motto , " Do n't Be Evil . "
The International Mathematical Olympiad ( IMO ) is the World Championship Mathematics Competition for High School students and is held annually in a different country .
The first IMO was held in 1959 in Romania , with 7 countries participating .
It has gradually expanded to over 100 countries from 5 continents .
The IMO Board ensures that the competition takes place each year and that each host country observes the regulations and traditions of the IMO .
The IMO Foundation is a charity which supports the IMO .
The IMO Foundation website is the public face of the IMO .
This is a particularly valuable resource for people who are not necessarily mathematical specialists , but who want to understand the International Mathematical Olympiad .
Data is held at IMO - official in compliance with EU data protection legislation .
If a participant wishes to become anonymous ( neither photo nor name on public display ) , then contact the IMO secretary with a request .
We will comply with bona fide requests expeditiously .
The mutilated body of Don Belton , an African American English professor at Indiana University , was found in his Bloomington apartment three days after Christmas .
Belton had been stabbed repeatedly in his back and sides .
For the purposes of this article several facts about Belton ’s life should be stated upfront .
A writer of fiction and an essayist , Belton had taught literature and creative writing at numerous institutions and he was , in the mid-1990 ’s , the editor of “ Speak My Name : Black Men on Masculinity and the American Dream , ” a well known anthology published by Beacon Press .
Belton was also gay .
Police in Indiana were just beginning to try to put pieces together when they were contacted by the girlfriend of an ex-Marine named Michael Griffin who , she told them , was involved in Belton ’s death .
The police arrested Griffin and , according to a detective ’s affidavit available online , Griffin told them that Belton had sexually assaulted him on Christmas Day .
Two days later , the affidavit said , Griffin went to Belton ’s apartment to have a “ conversation ” which turned into a “ scuffle , ” ending up in the professor ’s death .
Striking about the way that part of the detective ’s affidavit is written is the mild language used to describe what had to have happened for the professor to end up dead .
After all , the “ scuffle ” involved plunging a knife repeatedly into a man ’s back and sides , pulling the bloody instrument out of the punctured body and then back in and out again until the victim was more than dead .
But then again , why complain about the language used to describe things ?
The knife Griffin used , which he bought before he “ served ” in Iraq as a Marine , was called a “ peacekeeper . ”
When Griffin went to have his “ conversation ” with Belton that day he was thoughtful enough to bring with him a change of clothes and a plastic trash bag .
Who , after a good heart to heart conversation , does n’t need a bag for bloody clothes ?
The affidavit says Griffin then “ went about and ran several errands before he eventually discarded the bloody clothing into a dumpster and then returned home where he stated he told his girlfriend what he had done . ”
People in the academic community all over the country have been shocked and saddened by Belton ’s death .
Professors at Temple University , where he worked for many years , describe him as a “ sweet - natured ” and “ brilliant ” colleague .
Almost everyone who knew him , however , does not list physical strength as one of his attributes .
Most say he was as frail as he was gentle and would never have made it as a weight lifter .
The idea that Belton , who was 53 , could violate an ex-Marine who was 25 , not once , but twice , if one were to believe statements by Griffin , would be laughable if it were not so sad and horrible .
The story is sad because apparently this was , at one time , a relationship that involved love and happiness .
The police detective said in his report that he had found a journal kept by Belton and in that journal Belton had written , in the week prior to Christmas , that he was very happy that an individual by the name of Michael had come into his life .
The journal even reflected that Belton had spent Christmas with both Michael and his girlfriend .
The columnist Scott McLemee , writing about this case in “ Views ” on Jan. 13 , says that with this information it is easy to speculate about what may have or may not have happened .
He warns , however , that regardless of specific details , what he sees emerging here is a classic case of what he calls the “ gay panic defense . ”
This defense rests on the idea that “ the wave of disgust created in a heterosexual person at exposure to gay sexuality can create a state of temporary psychosis .
The panic - stricken victim loses responsibility for his ( for some reason , it always turns out to be ‘ his ’ ) actions . ”
McLemee expects this line of defense because , despite his confession , Griffin has pleaded not - guilty to murder .
Griffin , it can also be noted , comes out of a military which has historically condoned and enforced homophobic rules .
The culture fostered in the United States military probably contributed to this tragedy .
The Marines prize and value men who can be both manipulated and counted upon to carry out acts of violence .
In order to achieve these aims the Marines encourage a high degree of “ male bonding ” while simultaneously condemning homosexuality .
The impact this has on young men is anything but positive .
In a hopeful sign - of - the times , however , Belton ’s death is not going unnoticed .
Hundreds turned out for a vigil on New Years Day and thousands are visiting a website called Justice for Don Belton .
The chair of his English Department has published an open letter on the website .
Also on that website one of Belton ’s friends placed a quote from James Baldwin that , he says , best describes his friend :
“ Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within . ”
Belton ’s friends say this was the essence of his writing and that Belton always wanted to go beyond and beneath prescribed roles and rules governing “ identity . ”
“ This is easier said than done .
It is also dangerous , love can be dangerous , ” McLemee noted .
“ Belton wrote in his journal ‘ that he is very happy that an individual by the name of Michael has come into his life . ’
It is not necessary to use pseudo - psychological terms like ‘ gay panic ’ to describe the response this created .
Keep in mind that the killer brought his own special knife and a change of clothes . ”
Photo : http://justicefordonbelton.com/?page_id=100
Emacs as a tiling window manager
I ’ve been using emacs in in full - screen mode lately .
It provides a nice , distraction - free environment .
If you ’re using carbon emacs it ’s quite easy :
( defun mac - toggle - max - window ( ) ( interactive ) ( set - frame - parameter nil ' fullscreen ( if ( frame - parameter nil ' fullscreen ) nil ' fullboth ) ) ) ( global - set - key ( kbd " <C - M- return > " ) ' mac-toggle-max- window )
I also really enjoy the efficacy of navigation provided by tiling window managers such as xmonad .
So , why not make emacs behave like it ?
emacsd - tile.el is a really tiny configuration snippet to provide just this .
It provides xmonad - inspired keyboard shortcuts :
M-{j , k, h, l} → move to window ( down , up , left , right ) M - S - {j , k, h, l} → enlarge / shrink horizontally / vertically M - C - {j , k, h, l} → swap with ( down , up , left , right )
This mostly uses just stuff that was already in emacs !
The only part I had to implement myself was window swapping .
Another really handy feature of emacs is the ability to save window configuration in registers .
With this , you can “ stash ” away an entire window configuration and recall it later .
Here ’s a screenshot , though it ’s not really descriptive because it does n’t show the keybindings in action , but it may convince you that emacs can at least look like a tiling window manager :-)
Any other improvements or suggestions ?
According to a new study , almost 10 % of obese people " misperceive that their body size is normal and think they do n't need to lose weight . "
Time for a Fat Panic !
Advertisement
Researchers asked 5,893 people , 54 % of them women , to choose their present body size and ideal body size from a chart depicting nine human figures .
The discrepancy between the two was used to measure how satisfied the participants were with their bodies .
Two to three percent of the subjects overall chose an " above - normal " size as ideal , but close to one in 10 obese people apparently felt that their size was normal and healthy .
However , say the study authors , 35 % of obese people who felt this way had high blood pressure , 15 % and high cholesterol , and 14 % had diabetes .
Time to freak out , right ?
If these people only knew they needed to lose weight , they'd be so much healthier .
Except according to lead study author Tiffany Powell , these problems occurred at comparable rate in obese people who did feel like they were too fat .
They just occurred along with a " healthy " dose of guilt .
Advertisement
The study did reveal a few benefits of " knowing you need to lose weight . "
Those who wanted to drop pounds were more likely to have seen a doctor in the past year ( and yearly checkups are smart for many people ) , and also more likely to exercise .
But since neither exercise nor going to the doctor has been proven to result in weight loss , is n't it time we stopped using fat - shaming to force people into these behaviors ?
Could n't we find some way of promoting a healthy lifestyle that does n't start with classifying people as abnormal ?
Some Obese People Perceive Body Size As OK , Dismiss Need To Lose Weight [ EurekAlert ]
If anyone needed a reminder that Christmas and NewYear holidays are almost here , Societe Generale has provided it .
Analyst Dylan Grice has picked up the mantle of the departed James Montier to offer a seasonal reading list for those with a fixation about investment and economics .
True , some people might prefer to immerse themselves in a rollicking sea tale from Patrick O’Brian or a good old Sookie Stackhouse vampire mystery .
But we know that Reuters blogs ’ readers are a discriminating lot with a keen understanding of and passion for finance .
So here is Dylan ’s list of six must - reads :
1. Manias , Panics and Crashes , by Charles P. Kindleberger ;
2. The Essays of Warren Buffet , edited by Richard Cunningham ;
3. Reminiscences of a Stock Operator , by Edwin Lefevre ;
4. Fooled by Randomness , by Nassim Taleb ;
5 . The Case against the Fed , by Murray Rothbard ;
6. Judgement under Uncertainty : Heuristics and Biases , eds Kahneman , Slovic and
Tversky .
So what is your reading list ?
Tell us what you would include and why .
Тяжелая мужская работа В « Детском мире » погром .
Худшие подозрения , которые долго не давали нам покоя , наконец получили документальное подтверждение .
Архнадзоровцы сумели проникнуть в недра загадочного здания , много месяцев окруженного забором и кольцом охраны .
Внутри они увидели то , что ожидали и боялись увидеть , – полуразрушенный интерьер .
Из темноты проявились наполовину демонтированные роскошные бронзовые торшеры ( куда подевались остальные ? ) и вдребезги разбитые мраморные балюстрады .
Должно быть , непростая это задача – крушить мрамор .
Даже не сразу сообразишь , как к ней подступиться .
Лом ?
Кувалда ?
Работа вандала — тяжелая мужская работа .
Расколотых мраморных балясин много – десятки .
Они свалены грудами так , что кажется , будто в центральный зал « Детского мира » угодила бомба .
Стоимость одного такого изделия в наше время в
Москве составляет около 2 тыс. рублей .
Груды убитых денег лежат в темном и мертвом зале .
Не удивительно , что при таком отношении к материальным ценностям девелоперская компания « Система - Галс » , капитализация которой в 2006 году составляла 2,1 млрд долларов , ухитрилась прохозяйствоваться так , что весной 2009 - го банк ВТБ купил 51 % ее акций вместе с правами на здание « Детского мира » за 60 ( шестьдесят ) рублей .
Но что за бомба настигла это здание , построенное уже после войны ?
Универмаг « Детский мир » — последний крупный проект Алексея Душкина — открылся 6 июня 1957 года .
И с самого начала символическое значение этого объекта значительно превысило его безусловную градостроительную значимость .
Совсем не случайно в тяжелейшие послевоенные годы в центре столицы был построен крупнейший в
Европе универмаг детских товаров .
Мерная поступь могучих арок на фасадах каменным эхом откликалась на шаг парадных батальонов по брусчатк е
Красной площади , но внутри , в интерьере центрального зала была заключена куда менее официозная и неожиданно гуманная художественная мысль : советский народ сражался с фашистами и победил ради того , чтобы рождались наши дети , чтобы у них было счастливое детство и много игрушек .
В убранстве центрального зала триумфальные мотивы классической архитектуры смешались с мотивами детских игр , и возник единственный в своем роде « детский ордер » с забавным фризом , в метопах которого расположились зайчики , уточки и черепашки .
Душкинский « Детский мир » стал уникальным памятником Победе .
Это был дворец для детей народа - победителя .
Образ веры страны в свое будущее .
У этого здания был свой праздник , и это , конечно , был главный праздник детства – Новый год .
« Детский мир » успел отпраздновать его пятьдесят один раз .
Пятьдесят один раз в центральном зале чудесным образом вырастала огромная елка , увешанная игрушками .
И что бы ни говорили взрослые о том , где находится главная елка Москвы , дети точно знали – она находится в « Детском мире » .
Дед Мороз устроил здесь свою неофициальную резиденцию задолго до появления коммерческого проекта в Великом Устюге .
И становясь взрослыми , уже наверняка зная , что Деда Мороза не существует , москвичи и гости столицы все - таки твердо знали – существуе т « Детский мир » , а значит у их детей и внуков тоже будет этот праздник .
И елка , и карусель , и много - много игрушек вокруг , и мороженое в вафельном стаканчике .
Этот уникальный детский дворец вошел в память нескольких поколений – в нашу общую историческую память , если мы еще считаем себя чем - то целым .
1 июля 2008 года универмаг « Детский мир » был закрыт на реконструкцию .
И настала тишина .
Изнутри не доносилось звуков и не проникала информация .
Теперь мы знаем , что на самом деле там происходило .
Сейчас строительные работы замерли .
Говорят , новый собственник недоволен прежним проектом ( номинальны й генеральный проектировщи к
« Моспроек т - 2 » , архитектурные решения – британская компания RTKL ) , согласно которому выпотрошенное нутро « Детского мира » должно было превратиться в гигантский колодец - атриум , перекрытый стеклянным куполом .
Банк ВТБ хочет увеличения полезных площадей .
Хочет ли он сохранить легендарный интерьер , не известно .
Председатель Наблюдательного совета банка , министр финансов России Алексей Кудрин не удостоил ответа письменное обращение группы уважаемых специалистов во главе с ректоро м МАРХИ Дмитрием Швидковским , направленное еще в октябре .
В начале декабря « Архнадзор » обратился с аналогичным письмом к президенту – председателю правлени я ОАО « Банк ВТБ » Андрею Костину .
Мы написали , что негоже компании , известной своим меценатством , связывать свое имя с вандальным проектом , и что , поскольку банк ВТБ контролируется государством , мы рассчитываем на то , что государств о
Российское примет на себя ответственность за судьбу уникального памятника и сохранит историческую и личную память миллионов .
Ответа пока нет .
Детский мир , Лужков , ВТБ
Nature is the home in which you can find out many exiting and dangerous places .
Most dangerous places on the earth include volcano eruption valleys , cold places , mountains , lakes and thick dense forests .
All these places make life incredible difficult for human beings .
It is important to know about all these places before going there .
In recent years , many people relocated from these places to safe areas .
Our mother nature has many things which are not known to most people and dangerous places are one among those unknown things .
This article gives best information on nine most dangerous places on the earth .
Mt Vesuvius Volcano , Campania , Italy
It is one of the world ’s most dangerous and worst volcanoes .
Normally a volcano erupts or explodes once in twenty years , but the last eruption of this volcano was in 1944 .
Mount Vesuvius is located in Campania , Italy .
Millions of people are living close to this volcano .
By chance , if volcano erupts , then many people will lose their lives .
So in recent years , an attempt has been made to relocate some residents to non explosive location .
In 79 AD an explosion of this volcano destroyed Pompeii and remains as popular tourist location in south of Napoli .
The Cold Pole , Verkhoyansk , Russia
Verkhoyansk is treated as coldest city in the world .
It is also called as the Cold Pole .
It best suits its nickname as Cold Pole especially from September to March .
In this period , its average sunlight is lesser than 5 hours a day .
In December and January , there is no sunlight at all .
Temperature in winter ranges from minus 40 to minus 60 Fahrenheit .
Nowadays , this city is attracting many “ extreme tourists , ” because of its cold nature .
The population of Verkhoyansk is nearly 2500 residents .
Mount Merapi , Indonesia
Mount Merapi is famously called as mountain of fire .
Even at peace time , smoke continuously comes from its entrance at the height of 10,000 feet in the blue sky .
It is located on the island of Java , smolders .
Its name gets changed to “ Fire Mountain , ” when it is translated to English language .
In the past 500 years , it has exploded around 60 times .
Its recent explosion is in the year 2006 .
When it was exploded in 1994 , it released dangerous cloud of warm gas that took 60 people in to d-e - a - t -h .
In the year of 1930 , this Merapi spread lava more than 8 square miles and succumbed 1000 people in to d-e - a - t-h .
Every time Merapi erupts , death toll increases .
This is because many people are living very close to this volcano .
The bad news is that approximately 2 lakh villagers live within 4 miles of this volcanic mountain .
It is the best example for active volcanoes .
Haiti
Addition :
This year ( 2010 ) Haiti earthquake left 100,000 d-e - a-d in 60 seconds - and toll could reach 500,000 !!!
It is the first tropical storm struck on August 16 .
A week after the first storm , Hurricane Gustav blew Gonaïves city causing great damage .
Two storms Hurricane Hanna and Hurricane Ike followed this .
With in the time of one month , the Gonaïves is one of the largest cities of Haiti , and receiving end of 4 unforgettable tropical cyclones .
At the end of last storm , the Gonaïves city practically cleaned out to sea .
Whole city was filled with mud and dirty water and became Mini Island .
In some areas of the city , the amount of water is up to 12 feet height .
The number of people died in this event was close to 500 .
The d -e - a - d - l - i-e - s -t hurricane that Gonaïves come across in recent history is in the year 2008 .
In the year of 2004 , the Gonaïves city took great damage from Hurricane Jeanne making 104,000 people homeless .
It affected almost 100 percent population .
3000 people d-i-e -d in this incident .
Lake Kivu , Democratic Republic of Congo / Rwanda
Lake Kivu , popularly called as D - e - a - t-h Lake of Africa is located along the border between the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda .
Its depth is 2700 square miles .
At this depth below the earth there is 2.3 trillion of methane gas , along with 60 cubic miles of carbon dioxide under the pressure of both water and earth .
In case if this gas explodes it causes great damage to 2 million African people who are residing close to this lake .
Approximately 1700 people k - i - l - l - e-d in this incident by exposing to toxic gases .
It is found that these activities occur due to the volcanic activities below the lake , which release dangerous hot gases .
The Ephemeral Isles , the Maldives
Maldives consists of 1190 islands and are close to the Indian Ocean .
An ephemeral isle is one mini island and its highest is little more than 6 feet .
In near future it is likely to be swallowed by the rising sea levels .
After tsunami in Indian Ocean in 2004 , the United States Geological Survey conducted an assessment and called Maldives is one the earth ’s youngest land masses with lesser life time .
Hurricane Capital of the World , Grand Cayman
The Cayman Islands , Hurricane Capital of the World is a British territory located 150 miles south of Cuba .
According to the reports from the tropical - storm - tracking website hurricanecity.com , Grand Cayman is the largest among three Cayman isles .
It is hit by at least one hurricane every 2.16 years .
Since 1871 , 64 storms have battered this location .
In 2004 , Hurricane Ivan , a Category 5 storm struck this city at a speed of 150 miles per hour , dumping a foot of rain on Grand Cayman.70 percent of the island ’s buildings were destroyed in this event .
The I - 44 Tornado Corridor , Oklahoma City / Tulsa , Oklahoma
Since 1890 , more than 120 cyclones struck Oklahoma City which has a population of 700,000 approximately .
In 1999 , 70 tornados struck the Oklahoma , Kansas and Texas destroying 9000 homes altogether .
It caused damage more than 1 billion in addition to the lost lives .
One more city called Tulsa is present at the north east of Oklahoma which is experiencing its own share of cyclones .
69 tornados struck this city between 1950 and 2006 .
Tulsa is extremely vulnerable to rain water which is accompanied by Oklahoma ’s bad weather .
China ’s Creeping Sandbox , Minquin County , China
Minquin County , the creeping sandbox of china is located in the northwest Gansu province of china .
Decade long drought and upriver diversion of water from Shiyang River have left Minquin in to tengger desert .
Since from 1950 , this desert swallowed more than 100 square miles .
Studies in 2004 showed that it is swallowing at the rate of 10 meters per year .
It produces dust and wind for more than 130 days in a year making it most d-e - a - d - l -y desert in the china .
Due to its rapid desertification , the Chinese government ordered his farmers to relocate to safer places .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
Fantasy WL 09 - 10 Signups Text by Hot_Bid
>>> Click Here to Sign Up <<<
Play Fantasy Proleague !
It 's fun , easy , and makes watching Proleague much more exciting .
You do n't need to spend any time on managing your team during the season if you do n't want to .
If you do n't fully understand the rules , do n't worry .
The basic thing to remember is , pick players for your " Main Team " that you think will do well , and pick players for your " Anti Team " who you think will do poorly .
What is Winners League ?
Winners League is a variant form of regular Proleague held once a year during Round 3 .
The results do not count for ordinary Proleague standings , and there is a separate Winners League playoffs at the end of the round .
Instead of a Bo5 match where each team names players on each map , Winners League is Bo7 , and only the players for the first map are named .
The winning player continues to play .
Thus the first player could win the match himself with four straight wins .
This is called an " All - Kill . "
Similarly , if a team is down 0 - 3 , their fourth player could still win the match for them 4 - 3 with four straight wins .
This is called a " Reverse All - Kill . "
Winners League is very difficult for the players , as they often do not know which race or opponent they will be facing .
Winning players also must play on several different maps .
However , it often produces very dramatic matches .
In the 2009 Winners League , Jaedong opened with three wins ( over Effort , Savior , and Iris ) to put Hwaseung Oz ahead 3 - 0 against CJ Entus , but Skyhigh came back with four straight wins ( Jaedong , Young , Spear , Hiya ) to complete a Reverse All - Kill and win it for CJ .
Fantasy Winners League Scoring
Player Scoring :
Lineup Appearance : +1 Point *
Game Win : + 2 Points
Game Loss : - 1 Point
2 - Game Streak Break : +1 Point**
3 - Game Streak Break : +2 Points **
Your Player 's Team Wins : +1 Point***
* Only counts once , i.e. if Flash goes 4 - 0 , he still only gets 1 appearance point
** Streaks do not carry over between matches , all streaks must occur in the same match
*** This counts for all players on the team 's roster , even if they did not play in the match
Team Scoring :
4 -0 Victory : 8 Points
4 - 1 Victory : 6 Points
4 - 2 Victory : 4 Points
4 - 3 Victory : 2 Points
3 - 4 Defeat : 1 Point
2 - 4 Defeat : 0 Points
1 - 4 Defeat : - 1 Points
0 - 4 Defeat : - 2 Points
Miscellaneous
Trade Tax : - 1
Scoring Example :
+ Show Spoiler [ Show Example ] + 4 SK Telecom T1
HiyA > fantasy
HiyA < BeSt
Young < BeSt
Lomo < BeSt
Jaedong > BeSt
Jaedong > BoxeR
Jaedong < Bisu Hwaseung OZ 3 -
Hwaseung Oz : 1 Point ( +1 for 3 - 4 Defeat )
SK Telecom T1 : 2 Points ( +2 for 4 - 3 Victory )
Hiya : 2 Points ( +1 for lineup , + 2 for win , - 1 for loss )
Fantasy : 1 Point ( +1 for lineup , - 1 for loss , +1 for team win )
Young : 0 Points ( +1 for lineup , - 1 for loss )
Best : 7 Points ( +1 for lineup , +6 for 3 wins , - 1 for loss , +1 for team win )
Lomo : 0 Points ( +1 for lineup , - 1 for loss )
Jaedong : 6 Points ( +1 for lineup , + 4 for 2 wins , - 1 for loss , + 2 for 3 - game streak break )
Boxer : 1 Point ( +1 for lineup , - 1 for loss , +1 for team win )
Bisu : 5 Points ( +1 for lineup , + 2 for win , +1 for 2 - game streak break , +1 for team win )
Anyone on SKT : 1 Point ( +1 for team win ) 1 Point ( +1 for 3 - 4 Defeat ) 2 Points ( + 2 for 4 - 3 Victory ) 2
Points ( + 1 for lineup , + 2 for win , - 1 for loss ) 1 Point ( + 1 for lineup , - 1 for loss , +1 for team win ) 0 Points ( + 1 for lineup , - 1 for loss ) 7 Points ( + 1 for lineup , +6 for 3 wins , - 1 for loss , +1 for team win ) 0 Points ( + 1 for lineup , - 1 for loss ) 6 Points ( + 1 for lineup , + 4 for 2 wins , - 1 for loss , + 2 for 3 - game streak break ) 1 Point ( + 1 for lineup , - 1 for loss , +1 for team win ) 5 Points ( + 1 for lineup , + 2 for win , +1 for 2 - game streak break , +1 for team win ) 1 Point ( +1 for team win )
How to Play
You choose 6 players and 1 Pro Team that score points when they play well .
You pick 3 players that lose you points when they play well .
Players and teams can be traded between weeks for those valued less than them .
Team Selection
Main Team
Pick 6 players for your Main Team , including a captain who will be a tiebreaker
Pick 1 Proleague team ( i.e. STX , CJ , SKT , etc. )
You cannot trade your captain ( more on trading later )
Your 6 players and 1 Proleague team cannot exceed 30 points in cost
Your Main Team must contain at least one of each race at all times
Anti Team
Pick 3 players for your Anti Team
These players will score points just like Main Team players , but their score counts against you
Your Anti Team must have a value of at least 13 points ( minimum )
Basic Team Selection Strategy
Pick players for your Main Team who you believe will exceed their point value from last round ( underrated or rising players )
Pick players for your Anti Team who you believe will do worse than they did last round ( overrated or slumping players )
Designate as Captain a player who you believe will be a lock to be good throughout the season , because you can't trade him
Trading
Trading Rules
Each week you can trade players ( swap a player for someone you do n't have )
Every player has a trade value , and you can only trade for players of lower value
value
You will be limited to a maximum 2 Main Team and 1 Anti Team trades per week
Trades do not carry over if unused
Each time you trade , your team will be assessed a - 1 point trade tax
Basic Trading Strategy
Check lineups each week !
Players in the lineup are usually more valuable .
Do n't make trades just for sake of making trades , as they cost you trade tax points and you may get stuck with a player you do n't want
The trade price formula takes into account number of matches remaining -- so players with more matches remaining will have higher prices
You must trade for players with less value , but try to minimize the value loss .
For example , if you trade someone worth 30 for someone worth 20 , next week you can only trade the 20 for someone less .
It 's much better to trade the 30 for someone worth 29 .
Groups
You will be able to create and join groups so you can compare your results with a smaller subset of the players , for example there might be a Staff Group , a First Time FPL Group , a USA Players Group , or a group created by you with just your friends .
Click Here for the FPL WL 09 - 10 Discussion Thread
Good luck , and tell your friends !
Play Fantasy Proleague !
It 's fun , easy , and makes watching Proleague much more exciting .
You do n't need to spend any time on managing your team during the season if you do n't want to .
If you do n't fully understand the rules , do n't worry .
The basic thing to remember is , pick players for your " Main Team " that you think will do well , and pick players for your " Anti Team " who you think will do poorly .
Winners League is a variant form of regular Proleague held once a year during Round 3 .
The results do not count for ordinary Proleague standings , and there is a separate Winners League playoffs at the end of the round .
Instead of a Bo5 match where each team names players on each map , Winners League is Bo7 , and only the players for the first map are named .
The winning player continues to play .
Thus the first player could win the match himself with four straight wins .
This is called an " All - Kill . "
Similarly , if a team is down 0 - 3 , their fourth player could still win the match for them 4 - 3 with four straight wins .
This is called a " Reverse All - Kill .
" Winners League is very difficult for the players , as they often do not know which race or opponent they will be facing .
Winning players also must play on several different maps .
However , it often produces very dramatic matches .
In the 2009 Winners League , Jaedong opened with three wins ( over Effort , Savior , and Iris ) to put Hwaseung Oz ahead 3 - 0 against CJ Entus , but Skyhigh came back with four straight wins ( Jaedong , Young , Spear , Hiya ) to complete a Reverse All - Kill and win it for CJ .
Lineup Appearance : +1 Point * Game Win : +2 PointsGame Loss : - 1 Point2 - Game Streak Break : +1 Point** 3 - Game Streak Break : + 2 Points ** Your Player 's Team Wins : +1 Point**** Only counts once , i.e. if Flash goes 4 - 0 , he still only gets 1 appearance point ** Streaks do not carry over between matches , all streaks must occur in the same match *** This counts for all players on the team 's roster , even if they did not play in the match4 - 0 Victory : 8 Points4 - 1 Victory : 6 Points4 - 2 Victory : 4 Points4 - 3 Victory : 2 Points3 - 4 Defeat : 1 Point2 - 4 Defeat : 0 Points1 - 4 Defeat : - 1 Points0 - 4 Defeat : - 2 PointsTrade Tax : - 1 You will be able to create and join groups so you can compare your results with a smaller subset of the players , for example there might be a Staff Group , a First Time FPL Group , a USA Players Group , or a group created by you with just your friends .
@ Hot_Bid on Twitter - ESPORTS life since 2010 - http://i.imgur.com/U2psw.png
Plexa Profile Blog Joined October 2005 Aotearoa 38208 Posts Last Edited : 2009-07-04 19:28:40 #
1
The intro video for any SC league is one of utmost importance .
It sets the tone for the entire league .
If your league has a shitty opening , chances are fans are going to be turned off until the Ro8 / Ro4 .
This has certainly happened many times .
And of course , us rabid fanboys are always eager to shed our worthless opinions about how awesome / shit an intro video is .
At the end of the day , there are approximately 6 original intro videos per year for the OSL / MSL ( less in the MSLs case actually ) and about 1 - 2 for Proleague and 3 for GOM .
Sometimes they produce special ones for finals - those have been excluded from this ranking .
The intro video has come a long way in 10 years .
In the beginning , they all pretty much looked the same .
Here is one such example .
This was intentionally going to be a FE , but I could n't be bothered adding the extra words required to get it up to that level .
After all , this is a post featuring video content not my literary genius [ or lack , thereof ] .
The intro video for any SC league is one of utmost importance .
It sets the tone for the entire league .
If your league has a shitty opening , chances are fans are going to be turned off until the Ro8 / Ro4 .
This has certainly happened many times .
And of course , us rabid fanboys are always eager to shed our worthless opinions about how awesome / shit an intro video is .
At the end of the day , there are approximately 6 original intro videos per year for the OSL / MSL ( less in the MSLs case actually ) and about 1 - 2 for Proleague and 3 for GOM .
Sometimes they produce special ones for finals - those have been excluded from this ranking .
The intro video has come a long way in 10 years .
In the beginning , they all pretty much looked the same .
Here is one such example .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeAiorKgjac
Anyway , it took a while to break the mold - but it did eventually happen .
To the best of my knowledge , the first intro video to break that mold made the top ten .
It 's fucking amazing with all due respect .
We 've come a long way since 2003 and well , the intro videos are looking better than ever .
There are still a number of continual trends though , one in particular is the fact that year in year out the MSL simply has worse intro videos than the OSL .
I cannot stand the Avalon MSL intro video , which is basically a carbon copy of Lost Saga MSLs opening ( which I also despised ) .
On the topic of current intro videos , the OSL intro hype was certainly not justified .
Sure its a new direction to take the OSL , but it was poorly executed and honestly , the progamers look stupid .
There is that bizarre cut to Hwasin mostly naked for about 0.5 of a second as well - what the hell is up with that ?
Although I must say , it is certainly not the worst intro to come out of OGN ( who do take home the prize of worst intro video ever - bottom three will be listed !!) so I suppose this intro is passable .
But enough of me rambling , let 's see some of the best intro videos that the SC scene has had the honor of viewing .
Number 10
SKY Proleague 2007 Round 1 ( OnGameNet )
There was a string of good Proleague intros around this time .
Some really interesting themes were used , and this one comes off as one of the better polished and better executed ones .
The lightening theme is nice , and the soothing blue color works extremely well with the music choice .
This is an example of how much better they are at making intros today ( at least on the whole ) .
Nada looks so sick in this as well .
Excellent execution of a simple , but effective theme
Number 9
Shinhan Bank OSL Season 3
This is a very very good intro - fully worthy of being the intro to the OSL that Savior won .
This has excellent music choice and everything happens right on cue without any cutting of the original song .
Thematically though , this is a rip of Shinhan Bank OSL Season 2 which comes as no surprise really .
It did n't really push the boundary at all - it leeched off the previous seasons success .
Standalone though , it is an excellent intro hence why it finds itself at # 9 .
Number 8
GOMTV MSL Season 1
This intro perfectly captures the essence of the MSL .
The gritty feel of this intro correlates perfectly with the overarching MSL theme which runs through the Offlines , Survivor and the MSL itself .
The song is kind of annoying though , songs that abrasive in their opening do n't tend to make good songs for intros .
A more gritty / grainy song would have been a better choice .
Nevertheless , the theme has been executed to perfection and the finished product looks amazing .
An excellent effort by the MSL , but not quite their best !
Number 7
Shinhan Bank OSL Season 2
Does this look familiar ?
It should , because this looks just like the intro for Season 3 .
This intro ranks higher for a number of reasons .
Firstly , it broke the OSL mold - this was the intro that spawned a new dawn for OSL intro videos .
Gone were the full on serious introductions that had dominated the OSL intro video space for the past 6 years and the new breed of fun loving , fangirl oriented , intros was born .
The choice of music for this groundbreaking opening is excellent - it sets the mood for this OSL perfectly .
Indeed , this OSL was groundbreaking on another level - Nada won the golden mouse during this OSL .
An excellent intro video to match up with an excellent OSL .
Number 6
Pringles MSL Season 2
In my opinion , this is the best intro video that the MSL has ever made .
Honestly though , I find the use of greyscale in this to be quite peculiar , and I despised this opening when I first saw it .
With that said , it has grown on me since then .
It 's a very peculiar theme , but its one that I have never forgotten - a must have factor for any great intro .
The song choice , as with most MSLs , is n't the best - but it 's probably the best matchup they have ever done .
The one scene from this that stick with me the most is Savior 's amber colored eyes just glaring at you - truly a sight to behold .
Nevertheless , this was a groundbreaking MSL opening and sore to height that the MSL has not reached since .
I really like this opening , and I hope it grows on you as much as it grew on me .
Number 5
IOPS OSL
I tossed places 5 and 6 around so much it is no longer funny .
In the end IOPS clinched it because its badass factor is through the roof .
There are so many epic moments during this intro - like Reachs manly stare and the Lim - Jin death stare .
The choice of song was perfect ( despite the fact they cut it terribly ) and although the theme was exactly the same as the seasons before it - this one had so much epic win in it that the boring theme is simply forgotten .
This was easily the best intro from 2005 or before ...
Well that 's what I thought before TL hosted the old vod night last year when I saw ...
Number 4
SKY Proleague 2004 Round 3
Since I first watched this on Old Vod night - I can't stop thinking about it .
Indeed , this is ( to the best of my knowledge ) the first intro video to break the standard formula for an intro and wow , it does an amazing job .
Not only does it breathe a huge fucking breath of fresh air into the progaming seen but its the first intro where XellOs footstomps the camera - this is now his trademark move .
This is such an epic intro and it breaks my heart that I could n't rank it higher ( it certainly deserves it ) , but the top three are just too amazing .
The Worst of the Worst
Now that you are all eager anticipating what the top 3 are going to be , you can sit back and watch some of the worst openings known to man kind .
3. Sky Proleague 2005 Round 1 ( OnGameNet )
Anyway , it took a while to break the mold - but it did eventually happen .
To the best of my knowledge , the first intro video to break that mold made the top ten .
It 's fucking amazing with all due respect .
We 've come a long way since 2003 and well , the intro videos are looking better than ever .
There are still a number of continual trends though , one in particular is the fact that year in year out the MSL simply has worse intro videos than the OSL .
I cannot stand the Avalon MSL intro video , which is basically a carbon copy of Lost Saga MSLs opening ( which I also despised ) .
On the topic of current intro videos , the OSL intro hype was certainly not justified .
Sure its a new direction to take the OSL , but it was poorly executed and honestly , the progamers look stupid .
There is that bizarre cut to Hwasin mostly naked for about 0.5 of a second as well - what the hell is up with that ?
Although I must say , it is certainly not the worst intro to come out of OGN ( who do take home the prize of worst intro video ever - bottom three will be listed !!)
so I suppose this intro is passable .
But enough of me rambling , let 's see some of the best intro videos that the SC scene has had the honor of viewing .
There was a string of good Proleague intros around this time .
Some really interesting themes were used , and this one comes off as one of the better polished and better executed ones .
The lightening theme is nice , and the soothing blue color works extremely well with the music choice .
This is an example of how much better they are at making intros today ( at least on the whole ) .
Nada looks so sick in this as well .
Excellent execution of a simple , but effective theme
This is a very very good intro - fully worthy of being the intro to the OSL that Savior won .
This has excellent music choice and everything happens right on cue without any cutting of the original song .
Thematically though , this is a rip of Shinhan Bank OSL Season 2 which comes as no surprise really .
It did n't really push the boundary at all - it leeched off the previous seasons success .
Standalone though , it is an excellent intro hence why it finds itself at # 9 .
This intro perfectly captures the essence of the MSL .
The gritty feel of this intro correlates perfectly with the overarching MSL theme which runs through the Offlines , Survivor and the MSL itself .
The song is kind of annoying though , songs that abrasive in their opening do n't tend to make good songs for intros .
A more gritty / grainy song would have been a better choice .
Nevertheless , the theme has been executed to perfection and the finished product looks amazing .
An excellent effort by the MSL , but not quite their best !
Does this look familiar ?
It should , because this looks just like the intro for Season 3 .
This intro ranks higher for a number of reasons .
Firstly , it broke the OSL mold - this was the intro that spawned a new dawn for OSL intro videos .
Gone were the full on serious introductions that had dominated the OSL intro video space for the past 6 years and the new breed of fun loving , fangirl oriented , intros was born .
The choice of music for this groundbreaking opening is excellent - it sets the mood for this OSL perfectly .
Indeed , this OSL was groundbreaking on another level - Nada won the golden mouse during this OSL .
An excellent intro video to match up with an excellent OSL .
In my opinion , this is the best intro video that the MSL has ever made .
Honestly though , I find the use of greyscale in this to be quite peculiar , and I despised this opening when I first saw it .
With that said , it has grown on me since then .
It 's a very peculiar theme , but its one that I have never forgotten - a must have factor for any great intro .
The song choice , as with most MSLs , is n't the best - but it 's probably the best matchup they have ever done .
The one scene from this that stick with me the most is Savior 's amber colored eyes just glaring at you - truly a sight to behold .
Nevertheless , this was a groundbreaking MSL opening and sore to height that the MSL has not reached since .
I really like this opening , and I hope it grows on you as much as it grew on me .
I tossed places 5 and 6 around so much it is no longer funny .
In the end IOPS clinched it because its badass factor is through the roof .
There are so many epic moments during this intro - like Reachs manly stare and the Lim - Jin death stare .
The choice of song was perfect ( despite the fact they cut it terribly ) and although the theme was exactly the same as the seasons before it - this one had so much epic win in it that the boring theme is simply forgotten .
This was easily the best intro from 2005 or before ...
Well that 's what I thought before TL hosted the old vod night last year when I saw ... Since I first watched this on Old Vod night - I can't stop thinking about it .
Indeed , this is ( to the best of my knowledge ) the first intro video to break the standard formula for an intro and wow , it does an amazing job .
Not only does it breathe a huge fucking breath of fresh air into the progaming seen but its the first intro where XellOs footstomps the camera - this is now his trademark move .
This is such an epic intro and it breaks my heart that I could n't rank it higher ( it certainly deserves it ) , but the top three are just too amazing .
Now that you are all eager anticipating what the top 3 are going to be , you can sit back and watch some of the worst openings known to man kind .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52ms-UnYACg
In between two of the best intros there has ever been there lies this disgusting abomination .
The song choice in this song is so so so wrong .
Back in the day , I used to love this song , but it is just so terribly used in this song .
Having viewed this intro many many times I am now completely sick of this intro and I hope that I never see it again .
Oh , to top it all off , the vast majority of clips used in this are stolen from other intro videos .
How amazingly bad is that ?
Bleh .
2. SKY Proleague 2005 Round 1 ( MBCGame )
In between two of the best intros there has ever been there lies this disgusting abomination .
The song choice in this song is so so so wrong .
Back in the day , I used to love this song , but it is just so terribly used in this song .
Having viewed this intro many many times I am now completely sick of this intro and I hope that I never see it again .
Oh , to top it all off , the vast majority of clips used in this are stolen from other intro videos .
How amazingly bad is that ?
Bleh .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqV1IWQgpaY
I did n't know how you could make an opening worse than the previous one , but wow , MBCGame managed to do it - DURING THE SAME SEASON .
This is an excellent example of a failed concept .
The theme itself is actually pretty good - the whole sketching thing .
But honestly , the music to accompany this is absolutely terrible and completely out of place .
In addition to that the intro gets boring , really fast .
I cannot stand to watch this intro any more .
Impressively though , MBCGame did not make the worst intro ( and this is by far the lowest they 've sunk on the intro scale ) .
That prize goes to none other than ...
1. EVER 2005 OSL
I did n't know how you could make an opening worse than the previous one , but wow , MBCGame managed to do it - DURING THE SAME SEASON .
This is an excellent example of a failed concept .
The theme itself is actually pretty good - the whole sketching thing .
But honestly , the music to accompany this is absolutely terrible and completely out of place .
In addition to that the intro gets boring , really fast .
I cannot stand to watch this intro any more .
Impressively though , MBCGame did not make the worst intro ( and this is by far the lowest they 've sunk on the intro scale ) .
That prize goes to none other than ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlHiNzsThMk
Need something new ?
Yes we fucking do .
It 's like some moron found the mirror tool on his video editor and went - WOW THIS WOULD MAKE AN AMAZING OSL INTRO .
Unfortunately , this amazing plan did not work out and the final product is the Progaming intro equivalent of an aborted fetus .
This intro makes me sick just watching it =[ .
Number 3
Bacchus OSL 2008
Believe it or not , but this intro was universally hated by the entire community .
Over time it grew on us , but this intro is more than deserving of third place .
This truly is a fan girl opening , and they went all out to appease them .
Bisu looks sexy as hell .
Jaedong looks like he 's going to rip your fucking heart out .
Savior looks like a fucking god - the intro has it all , even the legendary Xell Os foot stomp ( timed perfectly with the music mind you ) .
This intro was another revolutionary opening and broke any remaining rules for creating intros .
At the end of the day there is a very good reason why this intro was hated so much ; but I can't talk about that just yet .
Number 2
Shinhan Bank OSL Season 1
This was not an easy decision , I tossed number 1 and 2 around countless times try to get it right .
This is easily one of the most brilliant OSL intros I 've ever seen .
Every little facet about this opening is perfect .
Exilia make the intro about five times more epic with Lifegame and it's an incredible experience .
I 've seen this intro so many times and it still gives me the chills when I watch it .
There is so much epic win about this intro , the badass factor is probably the largest of all intros .
The only weakpoint is theme and originality , but with an intro this good , those two hardly matter .
As a small aside , all three Shinhan Bank OSLs from 2006 made the top 10 - they must have done something right !
+ Show Spoiler [ Bonus ] +
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lFRYySfzUM
This intro was so good they even did a parody of it when they visited the KOR team house and did a team vs Coach thing
This intro was so good they even did a parody of it when they visited the KOR team house and did a team vs Coach thing
Number 1
EVER 2007 OSL
Amazing on every level .
This intro matches the last on every point ( except perhaps music ) aside from theme .
The theme chosen for this intro is the best that has ever been chosen .
So good , that the TSL used a theme inspired by this very opening .
Part of the reason why Bacchus was hated so much was because it came after this brilliant and inspired opening .
Words cannot describe how great this opening is , and I 'm sure you 'll agree that it deserves the # 1 spot .
So there you have it - Plexa 's top ten intros from all of progaming .
I hope this was enjoyable and I hope it brought back some warm fuzzy feelings of nostalgia for you .
Poll :
What should have been # 1 ?
(
(
(
(
(
(
(
(
(
(
(
Need something new ?
Yes we fucking do .
It 's like some moron found the mirror tool on his video editor and went - WOW THIS WOULD MAKE AN AMAZING OSL INTRO .
Unfortunately , this amazing plan did not work out and the final product is the Progaming intro equivalent of an aborted fetus .
This intro makes me sick just watching it =[ .
Believe it or not , but this intro was universally hated by the entire community .
Over time it grew on us , but this intro is more than deserving of third place .
This truly is a fan girl opening , and they went all out to appease them .
Bisu looks sexy as hell .
Jaedong looks like he 's going to rip your fucking heart out .
Savior looks like a fucking god - the intro has it all , even the legendary Xell Os foot stomp ( timed perfectly with the music mind you ) .
This intro was another revolutionary opening and broke any remaining rules for creating intros .
At the end of the day there is a very good reason why this intro was hated so much ; but I can't talk about thatyet .
This was not an easy decision , I tossed number 1 and 2 around countless times try to get it right .
This isone of the most brilliant OSL intros I 've ever seen .
Every little facet about this opening is perfect .
Exilia make the intro about five times more epic with Lifegame and it's an incredible experience .
I 've seen this intro so many times and itgives me the chills when I watch it .
There is so much epic win about this intro , the badass factor is probably the largest of all intros .
The only weakpoint is theme and originality , but with an intro this good , those two hardly matter .
As a small aside , all three Shinhan Bank OSLs from 2006 made the top 10 - they must have done something right !
Amazing on every level .
This intro matches the last on every point ( except perhaps music ) aside from theme .
The theme chosen for this intro is the best that has ever been chosen .
So good , that the TSL used a theme inspired by this very opening .
Part of the reason why Bacchus was hated so much was because it came after this brilliant and inspired opening .
Words cannot describe how great this opening is , and I 'm sure you 'll agree that it deserves the # 1 spot .
So there you have it - Plexa 's top ten intros from all of progaming .
I hope this was enjoyable and I hope it brought back some warm fuzzy feelings of nostalgia for youPoll : Vote ) : EVER 2007 Vote ) : Shinhan Bank OSL Season 1 Vote ) : Bacchus OSL Vote ) : SKY Proleauge 2004 Round 3 Vote ) : Pringles MSL Season 2 Vote ) : IOPS OSL Vote ) : Shinhan Bank OSL Season 2 Vote ) : GOMTV MSL Season 1 Vote ) : Shinhan Bank OSL Season 3 Vote ) : SKY Proleague 2005 Round 2 Vote ) : Other ( please post in comments ) Administrator ~ Spirit will set you free ~
This is the mummy of Hornedjitef an Egyptian priest who was buried in a coffin , within a second , outer coffin .
Examining his body using CAT scans and X - rays revealed that he suffered from arthritis and osteoporosis suggesting he was a mature man when he died .
The embalmers have placed four packages inside his torso , probably his lungs , liver , stomach and intestines .
He lived over a thousand years after Tutankhamun and Ramesses the Great at a time when Egypt was ruled by Greek kings .
Why did the Egyptians mummify their dead ?
When ancient Egyptians like Hornedjitef died they believed they were setting off on a journey from this world to the afterlife .
The process of mummification , spells and elaborate coffins enabled them to travel to the next world .
This coffin is decorated with images of gods and extracts from the Egyptian Book of the Dead .
A figure of the sky goddess
Nut is painted on the interior of this coffin .
This symbolically locates Hornedjitef in the womb of the goddess , ready to experience rebirth .
In medieval Europe , Egyptian mummies were ground to powder to be used as medicine .
Learning from the people of the past
The bodies of people from the remote past rarely survive as anything other than nameless bones .
The ancient Egyptian priest Hornedjitef is an exception .
Because of their custom of preserving the dead body through mummification and recording the name in writing , many ancient Egyptians are among us today in museums , with skin , hair , fingernails and identities all intact .
We can even see the faces of the great kings who ‘ made history ’ , noticing that behind their heroic portrayals in sculpture there were real people with familiar human strengths and weaknesses .
Looking at a mummy is a powerful and emotive experience , one which can transport us back instantly through thousands of years , making us feel close to them .
Yet at the same time we are aware of how different their lives must have been from our own .
Beyond these startling encounters , Egyptian mummies have much to teach us .
Sealed within their wrappings and painted coffins , they are a storehouse of information , most of which was never recorded in writing .
Modern scientific techniques allow us to look beneath the wrappings and to gather this evidence about life and death – how long people lived , what they looked like , what illnesses they suffered from , how they died , how they were mummified .
In this way we can picture Hornedjitef as a man of mature years , enjoying a privileged life as a ‘ servant of the god ’ , yet suffering from the discomforts of arthritis like any modern man .
The writings on his coffins also tell us when he lived and reveal the religious beliefs and knowledge of the world which learned men had at that time , including lists of stars which reflect the birth of the science of astronomy .
The learning process does not stop .
When Hornedjitef ’s tomb was discovered in the 1820s the hieroglyphic script had just been deciphered .
Much of what is written on his coffins was still a mystery then , but now we can read it all .
And after we are gone , he will still remain , unchanged , revealing more about his world as science finds better ways to gather the answers to its questions .
How exciting it would be to know what our successors might learn from him a hundred years from now .
... Read more
The bodies of people from the remote past rarely survive as anything other than nameless bones .
The ancient Egyptian priest Hornedjitef is an exception .
Because of their custom of preserving the dead body through mummification and recording the name in writing , many ancient Egyptians are among us today in museums , with skin , hair , fingernails and identities all intact .
We can even see the faces of the great kings who ‘ made history ’ , noticing that behind their heroic portrayals in sculpture there were real people with familiar human strengths and weaknesses .
Looking at a mummy is a powerful and emotive experience , one which can transport us back instantly through thousands of years , making us feel close to them .
Yet at the same time we are aware of how different their lives must have been from our own .
Beyond these startling encounters , Egyptian mummies have much to teach us .
Sealed within their wrappings and painted coffins , they are a storehouse of information , most of which was never recorded in writing .
Modern scientific techniques allow us to look beneath the wrappings and to gather this evidence about life and death – how long people lived , what they looked like , what illnesses they suffered from , how they died , how they were mummified .
In this way we can picture Hornedjitef as a man of mature years , enjoying a privileged life as a ‘ servant of the god ’ , yet suffering from the discomforts of arthritis like any modern man .
The writings on his coffins also tell us when he lived and reveal the religious beliefs and knowledge of the world which learned men had at that time , including lists of stars which reflect the birth of the science of astronomy .
The learning process does not stop .
When Hornedjitef ’s tomb was discovered in the 1820s the hieroglyphic script had just been deciphered .
Much of what is written on his coffins was still a mystery then , but now we can read it all .
And after we are gone , he will still remain , unchanged , revealing more about his world as science finds better ways to gather the answers to its questions .
How exciting it would be to know what our successors might learn from him a hundred years from now .
Xinran knew about the problem of female orphans in China , daughters abandoned in favour of sons in a country where only one child is allowed .
But the fate of just one baby brought home the true heartache and horror
The UFC has announced that Flash Entertainment , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Government of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , has purchased a 10 percent stake in Zuffa , the parent company of the Ultimate Fighting Championship and World Extreme Cagefighting .
"
Over the past few years , we have built a relationship with all levels of the Flash organization , " UFC Chairman and CEO Lorenzo Fertitta said in a statement .
" They share our vision , passion , and enthusiasm for the UFC .
We are confident that this partnership will accelerate the worldwide growth of the UFC .
" Prior to this transaction , Fertitta owned 45 percent of the UFC , his brother Frank Fertitta owned another 45 percent , and UFC President Dana White owned the final 10 percent .
UPDATE : The sale will dilute all existing owners proportionately , which means the Fertitta brothers now each own 40.5 percent , Abu Dhabi owns 10 percent and White owns 9 percent .
Said Ossama Khoreibi , chairman of Flash Entertainment , " Since our very first meeting , we were impressed by Lorenzo , Frank and Dana 's commitment to growing UFC as a global sport .
Flash is equally committed to building Abu Dhabi 's profile as an international entertainment destination .
" Flash Entertainment has put on concerts and tennis tournaments in Abu Dhabi , and in April will put on the first of what will presumably be many UFC events in Abu Dhabi .
The fight card has n't been officially announced , but it 's expected to be a major show with a title fight as the main event .
A group of around 20 Swedish Weight Watchers participants who'd gathered in the programme 's Växjö clinic to " see how much weight they had lost " found out the answer was not enough to prevent the floor from collapsing under their combined bulk .
One shaken heavyweight explained to the Smålandsposten newspaper : “ We suddenly heard a huge thud ; we almost thought it was an earthquake and everything flew up in the air .
The floor collapsed in one corner of the room and along the walls . "
The Local adds : " Then floor then started to give way in other parts of the room .
Shortly thereafter , the smell of sewage began to waft up into the room . "
Weight Watchers consultant Therese Levin unsurprisingly concluded : " We 're going to have to find replacement premises . " ®
Bootnote
Thanks to Mike Richards for the tip - off .
This is n’t exactly the heartwarming holiday story that is the usual fare of media during Christmas week .
Nor does it come from a source one would expect .
The Independent , a newspaper associated more with the hard Left of British politics , reports that the UK has done next to nothing to stop the practice of female genital mutilation , the act of brutally removing the clitorises of young girls to curb their sexual appetites in later years .
Does the Independent mean to criticize Britain ’s foreign policy ?
Not exactly .
The danger , unfortunately , is in the UK itself ( via The Other McCain ) :
Hundreds of British schoolgirls are facing the terrifying prospect of female genital mutilation ( FGM ) over the Christmas holidays as experts warn the practice continues to flourish across the country .
Parents typically take their daughters back to their country of origin for FGM during school holidays , but The Independent on Sunday has been told that “ cutters ” are being flown to the UK to carry out the mutilation at “ parties ” involving up to 20 girls to save money .
The police face growing criticism for failing to prosecute a single person for carrying out FGM in 25 years ; new legislation from 2003 which prohibits taking a girl overseas for FGM has also failed to secure a conviction .
Experts say the lack of convictions , combined with the Government ’s failure to invest enough money in education and prevention strategies , mean the practice continues to thrive .
Knowledge of the health risks and of the legislation remains patchy among practising communities , while beliefs about the supposed benefits for girls remain firm , according to research by the Foundation for Women ’s Health , Research and Development ( Forward ) .
Normally , parents take their children abroad , which has caused the UK to watch when preadolescent children leave school suddenly as a way to monitor for it .
Why are the FGM mutilators being asked to come to the UK ?
Economics :
Jackie Mathers , a nurse from the Bristol Safeguarding Children Board , said : “ These families do not do this out of spite or hatred ; they believe this will give their daughters the best opportunities in life .
We would like a conviction , not against the parents , but against a cutter , someone who makes a living from this .
We have anecdotal information that the credit crunch means people ca n’t go home , so they ’re getting cutters over for ‘ FGM parties ’ .
It is hard for people to speak out because they are from communities that are already vilified as asylum seekers , so to stand up against their communities is to risk being ostracised .
But we have to empower girls and women to address this , along with teachers , school nurses and social workers .
We ca n’t ignore it ; it is mutilation . ”
Unfortunately , this is still a fairly common practice in Africa and some Muslim countries .
It creates a lifetime of pain and medical complications for women , and can kill the girls with infections .
It ’s purely subjugative , as FGM has no support in Islam or any other religion .
This calls into question the UK ’s attempts to proscribe the practice thus far .
They passed a law banning FGM almost seven years ago , and everyone acknowledges that the practice has continued .
Yet no prosecutions have been made , and parents apparently feel comfortable enough to host FGM “ parties ” in the UK in order to get bulk discounts during the recession .
That makes the UK ’s rule of law seem rather impotent , especially considering the vulnerable nature of the victims and the deep and permanent damage FGM does to them .
Would the UK look the other way for pedophilia parties ?
Kudos to the Independent for bucking political correctness and exposing the problem .
They deserve a round of thanks from everyone across the political spectrum .
British citizens should take this opportunity to demand action on the law they demanded , and which appears to have been roundly ignored in the cause of faux diversity .
Our insatiable appetite for the big picture is threatening the planet .
A scientist has warned that if half of British homes buy a plasma - screen TV , two nuclear power stations would have to be built to meet the extra energy demand .
Britons were buying flat - screen TVs every 15 seconds from Currys and its online sister company Dixons during the build - up to the World Cup , and subsequent price reductions have ensured they remain hugely popular .
But plasma sets can use up to four times as much electricity as the old - style cathode - ray tube models .
Combined with set - top boxes , digital video recorders , DVD players and home PCs , the digital home is seen by environmental campaigners as a growing contributor to the energy crisis .
Dr Joseph Reger , chief technology officer at Fujitsu Siemens Computers in Munich , Germany , said : ' If all the [ plasma ]
TVs were on at the same time , you would need something that produces 2.5 gigawatts .
That can be done today with around two nuclear power stations . '
But Reger added : ' It is safe to assume that there will be extras because people rarely just buy a TV .
They desire a better picture and all of a sudden you have the urge for the latest and greatest DVD player .
Then you need more file space on your personal video recorder .
You want to download movies and it all adds up . '
Once all the elements of the ' digital home ' are factored in , Reger calculates , the additional power requirement at peak hours may be six gigawatts .
In the meantime , growing electricity demands are placing a strain on conventional power stations .
One quarter of all carbon emissions in Britain come from energy used in the home , about the same as transport .
Simply leaving devices such as TVs and DVD players on standby at home puts up to 1 m tonnes of carbon a year into the atmosphere and costs each household around £ 25 .
The government recently called 11 electronics retailers - including Argos , Amazon , Asda , Comet , the Dixons Group , John Lewis , Sainsbury 's and Tesco - to a summit at 11 Downing Street to discuss cutting greenhouse gas emissions from their products .
Gordon Brown 's last Budget contained an initiative for retailers to sell energy - efficient goods by 2010 .
Last year consumer electronics used the equivalent of 18 terawatt hours - equivalent to the annual output from five standard power stations , and amounting to 30 per cent of the country 's total domestic electricity consumption .
The Department for the Environment estimates this could rise to 31 terawatt hours by 2010 , mainly due to the rise in the number of TVs , demand for bigger screens and set - top boxes .
Projections show that more than 50 million digital set - top boxes will be in UK homes by 2012 .
Philip Sellwood , chief executive of the Energy Saving Trust , said : ' As the consumer electronics market continues to grow , further development of energy - efficient products will be vital to help in the fight against climate change .
TVs are here to stay , but people can change how they use them , for example , turning them off standby when not in use . '
Reger remains optimistic , believing that plasma screens will be overtaken by more energy - efficient technologies .
' I think it will be a general requirement because people increasingly have an environmental conscience , ' he said .
' Equipment with a sticker that says , " Extreme low standby " will be a selling point .
' It 's a short - term problem , but to say it will automatically right itself is also wrong .
Inefficient TVs can be around in homes for five or 10 years . '
