ACMR is Average Cache Miss Ratio , which is used to measure the effectiveness of a vertex reordering scheme to see how it performs .
That is , the GPU has a certain number of transformed vertices it keeps in its post - transformed vertex cache .
This cache will be more or less effective , depending on the order you feed triangles into the GPU .
ACMR is the sum of the number of times each vertex must be transformed and loaded into the cache , divided by the number of triangles in the mesh .
Under perfect conditions it is 0.5 , since the most a cached vertex can be shared on average in a ( non-bizarre ) mesh is 6 times and each triangle has 3 vertices .
Ignacio Castaño has an excellent point : a better measure is to ignore the number of triangles in the mesh but instead divide by the number of vertices .
He calls this the ATVR ( average transform to vertex ratio ) of a scheme .
The problem with using the number of triangles is that this number varies with the mesh ’s topology .
Optimal ACMR , vertices over triangles , gives a sense of the amount of shared data in a mesh .
ATVR is a better measure of cache performance , as it provides a number that can be judged by itself : 1.0 is always the optimum , so if your caching scheme is giving 1.05 ATVR , you ’re doing pretty good .
The worst ATVR can get is 6.0 ( or just shy of 6.0 ) .
I think the reason ACMR is used is that we evolved from triangle strips to connected meshes .
Individual triangles have an ACMR of 3.0 .
Triangle strips have an optimum ACMR of 1.0 , since each vertex can be shared with a maximum of 3 triangles .
The way to think about triangle strips is how they increase sharing of vertices with triangles .
Gluing strips together in a certain order allowed a better ACMR , since the vertices in one tristrip could be then reused by the next tristrip (s ) .
So the ACMR as an optimum measure was a way to show why general meshes were worthwhile .
But , once general meshes came to the fore and became the norm , this vertex / triangle ratio became less meaningful .
At this point ACMR just makes it difficult to compare algorithms , as you alway need to know the optimum ACMR .
The optimum ACMR changes from mesh to mesh .
The optimum ATVR is always 1.0 , so different meshes can be compared on the same scale .
That said , this comparison of different meshes using just ATVR can be a bit bogus : if a “ mesh ” was actually a set of disconnected triangles , no sharing , the ATVR would be 1.0 no matter what , since each vertex would always be transformed once and only once .
ACMR would always be 3.0 .
So , the optimum ACMR is also good to know : a lower optimum ACMR means more sharing is possible and can be exploited .
Ignacio has a followup article on optimal grid rendering , showing the ACMR and ATVR for various schemes .
Sketch of a UFO spotted in Hemsworth , West Yorkshire , on 25 March 1988 A boomerang - shaped object seen from an airport control tower and a woman 's encounter with an " alien " are among the secrets revealed in official UFO files .
The woman reported seeing a glowing , spherical object rise into the air in Norwich after meeting a man who said he came from a planet similar to Earth .
In another sighting , a triangular craft hovered then " shot off at 500 mph " .
The third set of UFO documents to be released by the Ministry of Defence covers the period from 1987 to 1993 .
Crop circles
In November 1989 a " completely terrified " woman contacted RAF Wattisham in Suffolk to report her close encounter with a man claiming to be an alien .
She said she met the fair - haired man with a Scandinavian - type accent as she walked her dog on a sports field .
LONDON ROOF TERRACE SIGHTING
Crescent - shaped moon object .
Shaped like a banana .
Maybe blue in colour .
Arm and leg shapes hanging from lower end .
Extract from MoD file : 16 May 1989
First UFO documents released Tories ' would publish UFO files '
He told her crop circles were caused by others like him who had travelled to Earth and that the purpose of his visit was friendly .
He then said he had spoken to her because he felt it was important to have contact with humans even though he was told not to .
As the unidentified woman ran home she heard a loud buzzing noise and turned to see a large , spherical object , glowing orange - white , rise steadily until out of sight .
A letter from RAF Wattisham to the MoD and Norfolk police described it as " one of our more unusual UFO reports " .
Three years later two air traffic controllers at London 's Heathrow Airport reported seeing a black , inverted boomerang - shaped UFO from their control tower .
It was stationary then moved steadily in the morning sun , the files say .
A man 's drawing of UFOs spotted in Uttoxeter , Staffordshire , in 1987 A week earlier on a coastal road in Louth , Lincolnshire , several people had reported similar sightings of a large , triangular - shaped object with three lights .
Many witnesses reportedly stopped their cars and got out for a better look before it turned on its axis and zoomed off " at 500 mph towards north west " .
Other accounts of strange lights and unexplained objects had plausible explanations .
In November 1990 , the crews of six RAF Tornado jets reported being overtaken by a " giant UFO " while flying over Germany .
They thought it was a test flight for the then top - secret US Stealth fighter , but it turned out to be the burning debris from a Soviet rocket body used to launch a satellite into orbit .
On 31 March 1993 various reports of moving lights over south - west England and south Wales were later traced to the re-entry of a Russian Cosmos rocket body .
The files suggest it had burned up , disintegrating over the North Atlantic .
The vast majority of reports are ordinary things seen in extraordinary situations
Dr David Clarke
In 1992 , a bright cigar - shaped object seen flying silently over central London at night triggered a " spate " of sightings , notably in Ilford and Romford .
It was later identified " almost certainly " as an illuminated airship advertising the Ford Mondeo car .
UFO expert Dr David Clarke said : " The vast majority of reports are ordinary things seen in extraordinary situations .
" So many things can be interpreted as unusual , you 've got to eliminate all that noise and see what 's left .
" I do n't think there 's any solid evidence that we have been visited by intelligent life but I do n't think you can rule that out .
" There are many good examples of puzzling things , for example seen on radar by the military , that need investigating . "
The files , which can be downloaded from the National Archives website , are being released as part of a three - year project .
These latest documents are the first containing information written by defence intelligence staff to be made public .
Dr Clarke said they were among tens of thousands of secret files contaminated with asbestos and were in danger of being destroyed .
They were eventually saved after a campaign by historians to rescue them from the old War Office building in Whitehall .
Have you spotted a UFO , and caught it on camera ?
Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The technique could resolve objects on the nanometre scale
The resolution of magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) has been given a massive boost by a team at computer giant IBM .
MRI is used as an imaging technique in medicine to visualise the internal structure of the human body .
The researchers demonstrated this imaging at a resolution 100 million times finer than current MRI .
The advance could lead to important medical applications and is powerful enough to see bacteria , viruses and proteins , say the researchers .
The researchers said it offered the ability to study complex 3D structures at the " nano " scale .
The step forward was made possible by a technique called magnetic resonance force microscopy ( MRFM ) , which relies on detecting very small magnetic forces .
In addition to its high resolution , MRFM has the further advantage that it is chemically specific , can " see " below surfaces and , unlike electron microscopy , does not destroy delicate biological materials .
Now , the IBM - led team has dramatically boosted the sensitivity of MRFM and combined it with an advanced 3D image reconstruction technique .
This allowed them to demonstrate , for the first time , MRI on biological objects at the nanometre scale .
The technique was applied to a sample of tobacco mosaic virus and achieved resolution down to four nanometres ( one nanometre is one billionth of a metre ; a tobacco mosaic virus is 18 nanometres across ) .
" MRI is well known as a powerful tool for medical imaging , but its capability for microscopy has always been very limited , " said Dan Rugar , manager of nanoscale studies at IBM Research .
" Our hope is that nano MRI will eventually allow us to directly image the internal structure of individual protein molecules and molecular complexes , which is key to understanding biological function . "
Obama fires back at Cheney on 60 Minutes David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Sunday March 22 , 2009
Print This Email This Dick Cheney and the anti-terror policies of the Bush years have not " made us safer , " according to President Barack Obama .
In an interview on Sunday night 's 60 Minutes , the president offered a stern response to the former vice president 's criticism that Obama has somehow made Americans " less safe . "
" ...
The vice president is eager to defend a legacy that was unsustainable , " said Obama , characterizing Cheney 's politics as a line of thought which " has done incredible damage to our image and position in the world . "
" I fundamentally disagree with Dick Cheney , " said Obama .
" Not surprisingly .
You know , I think that Vice President Cheney has been at the head of a movement whose notion is somehow that we can't reconcile our core values , our constitution , our belief that we do n't torture , with our national security interests .
I think he 's drawing the wrong lesson from history .
The facts do n't bear him out .
" I think he is ...
That attitude , that philosophy has done incredible damage to our image and position in the world .
I mean , the fact of the matter is , after all these years , how many convictions actually came out of Guantanamo ?
How many ...
How many terrorists have actually been brought to justice under the philosophy that is being promoted by Vice President Cheney ?
It has n't made us safer .
" What it has been is a great advertisement for anti-American sentiment , which means that there is constant effective recruitment of Arab fighters and Muslim fighters against U.S. interests all around the world . "
" Some of it being organized by a few people who were released from Guantanamo , " said interviewer Steve Kroft .
" Well , there is no doubt that we have not done a particularly effective job in sorting through who are truly dangerous individuals that we 've got to make sure are not a threat to us , who are folks that we just swept up , " Obama replied .
" The whole premise of Guantanamo promoted by Vice President Cheney was that , somehow , the American system of justice was not up to the task of dealing with these terrorists . "
" ...
This is the legacy that 's been left behind and , you know , I 'm surprised that the vice president is eager to defend a legacy that was unsustainable .
Let 's assume that we did n't change these practices .
How long are we going to go ?
Are we going to just keep on going until , you know , the entire Muslim world and Arab world despises us ?
Do we think that 's really going to make us safer ?
I do n't know a lot of thoughtful thinkers , liberal or conservative , who think that was the right approach . "
This video is from CBS ' 60 Minutes , broadcast Mar. 22 , 2009 .
Watch CBS Videos Online
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Home » Sensible Frugality / Simple Living » Why We Got Rid of Our Compact Fluorescent Bulbs
A couple of years ago we made the switch to compact fluorescent bulbs in all of the light fixtures in our house .
Our electric company had been enthusiastically promoting compact fluorescents for months in their newsletters , including offering rebate coupons for anyone purchasing a certain brand of these bulbs .
The environmentally - friendly aspect of the compact fluorescent bulbs , and the promises of how much less energy this type of bulb would use , were intriguing , and we thought the bulbs were a really good idea… then .
We were a little surprised when our bulb changeover did n’t change the amount of electrical energy we were using .
We even joked that our electrical usage had actually increased just after we switched the bulbs ( it had ) , but we still liked the idea that we were doing our part to save the environment .
It did n’t take long before people who knew we had this type of bulb started telling us about news reports they had seen or read about how dangerous exposure to the mercury in these bulbs would be if one of the bulbs happened to break .
For several months we dismissed all of this as just another exaggerated news story … after all , the electric company had not mentioned any concerns , and there was nothing on the bulb packaging to indicate that these bulbs needed to be handled any differently than any other bulb .
Also , buying these bulbs for every light fixture in our house had been an expensive investment we did n’t want to lose .
Then one day my mother told me about an especially disturbing article she had read , and in an effort to find facts to contradict that article , I started reading what the Environmental Protection Agency and state government sites had to say about the advised clean - up method for these bulbs .
I did not like what I found .
The Maine Department of Environmental Protection offers detailed information about cleaning up a broken compact fluorescent bulb .
I think anyone who has these bulbs in their house should read these instructions , which begin with a warning never to use a vacuum or broom to clean up a broken compact fluorescent bulb .
So what is the recommended clean - up process ?
It involves opening windows and doors and immediately getting people and pets out of the area and staying out for at least fifteen minutes .
Then some brave soul is supposed to come back into the room armed with two pieces of cardboard to scoop up the broken glass and “ powder , ” duct tape to pick up any smaller particles , and damp paper towel to pick up even smaller particles .
All of the clean - up materials are supposed to be placed in a glass jar with a tight seal for disposal , marked as hazardous waste , and gotten out of the house to avoid further contamination .
The brave soul should then wash his hands and face and clothing , and throw away any clothing or materials that came in direct contact with the contents of the broken bulb … while keeping the doors and windows open for several more hours .
The guidelines suggest that if breakage occurs on carpeting , homeowners might want to cut out that section of carpet , or if the carpet is not removed , windows should be opened the next several times the carpet is vacuumed .
An additional study showed that even after the broken bulb has been cleaned up according to the recommended guidelines , visibly clean carpets and floors can still retain traces of mercury , and that no one knows what health effects these low levels might have .
The guidelines end with this statement :
“ The next time you replace a lamp , consider putting a drop cloth on the floor so that any accidental breakage can be easily cleaned up .
If consumers remain concerned regarding safety , they may consider not utilizing fluorescent lamps in situations where they could easily be broken .
Consumers may also consider avoiding CFL usage in bedrooms or carpeted areas frequented by infants , small children , or pregnant women . ”
It ’s a decision everyone has to make for themselves , but we DO remain concerned … and we no longer have compact fluorescent bulbs in ANY of our light fixtures .
We took them back to the special recycling center for compact fluorescent bulbs at the same home supply store we bought them from , and it feels good to no longer have something in our house that might break and create a hazardous waste situation .
We expected an increase in our electrical usage when we went back to incandescent bulbs , but we have been keeping a daily record of how much electricity we have used since the first of the year , and the next day after the bulb switch , our electrical usage went down … and has stayed down the same percentage ever since .
Nothing else had changed .
Figure that one out …
Written by Shirley Filed Under : Sensible Frugality , Simple Living
綺麗なデザインアンテナ かなりおすすめ で、外観が良く、倒壊しにくいアンテナ工事で す
無料診断・お申し込み お問い合わせやお申し込み、また メールで無料診断 致しま す
Renowned US military tech bureau DARPA has issued a request for an ultrasensitive gravity - measuring instrument which could be mounted in a low flying aircraft and detect underground tunnels .
The project , known as Gravity Anomaly for Tunnel Exposure ( GATE ) , was formally announced on Friday .
In essence , it will detect an absence of underground mass - dirt , rock or whatever - by picking out the tiny drop in the local gravity caused by the missing stuff :
The explicit action of digging tunnels introduces a void into the subsurface geology .
Gravity gradiometers measure tiny spatial variations in the pull of gravity caused by these underground voids .
The GATE objective is to develop , integrate , and demonstrate a prototype airborne gravity gradiometer system which is capable of detecting the mass deficit of a void in the presence of geological and topological variability .
A nothingness detector , in other words , able to perceive the hole rather than the doughnut .
But in this case the wacky research agency seems to believe that the current state of the art in gradiometer systems is close to being discriminating enough to do the job already .
What 's needed is the ability to tune out all the noise and clutter from natural geological features , the carrying aircraft 's vibration and so forth .
" This is not expected to be a sensor technology development activity , but rather focus on adapting the existing technology to GATE application , " says the solicitation document ( pdf ) .
DARPA thinks that it should be possible to fit a ground - penetrating grav spyeye and all necessary processing on board the carrying aircraft , which can be manned or unmanned .
There should n't be any need to pipe massive amounts of sensor data back to a ground station for analysis , either .
The final prototype , according to the solicitation , should offer " the ability to detect the presence of a tunnel " and " the ability to image skeletal outline of a tunnel network " .
As to what you might use the GATE tunnel - sniffer gear for , DARPA does offer a hint :
To address the more immediate underground tactical threats , the Gravity Anomaly for Tunnel Exposure program will focus on border and perimeter breaching tunnels .
There have been a few border - breaching tunnels in the news lately , as it happens . ®
READER COMMENTS ON
" I Don't Care About AIG's Bonuses "
( 22 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 3/18/2009 @ 2:27 pm PT ...
I do see and agree with your point .
It is a distraction .
The GOP , who voted no caps when Bush was in , less than 60 days ago , are howling and making this an issue that is out of proportion .
Surprise surprise .
However , some mental focus needs to be applied to this segment .
However , more focus needs to be put on unemployment and
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Joshua Smith said on 3/18/2009 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
I could agree more !
Look at the cover of the NY Times website today : " AIG Chief Asks Bonus Recipients To Give Half Back " .
Then over in the corner there 's an article on how the Fed is going to print a TRILLION Dollars to pay for toxic assets .
This is so cleverly timed I 'm almost blushing .
Or maybe I 'm just red in the face with rage .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 3/18/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
Brad , do n't fall into the trap of only being able to discuss one thing at a time .
That is , while it 's " 1/10 of 1 % " , it 's a lot of taxpayer money going to crooks that caused the mess .
It 's the dot on the I , it 's the crossed T.. it's one of the things that should be in the pile that is the back breaker of the camel at some future straw - dropping point .
And while I agree that it's a distraction , that does n't make it less valid , or diminish the insult to injury .
As I correlated over at Raw Story , it 's like giving the soiled panties of his victim to the pedophile rapist while letting the rapist go out the door unpunished .
Sure , we should be pissed that we 're not punishing him , but why reward him for his deeds ?
$ 165 million .. with an M .. they stripped a lot of programs from the stimulus package that had dollar amounts a lot smaller than that .. that 's a lot of packages for " US " that could have been left in , and a lot of hurting people that could have been helped .
Yeah , we 're talking huge numbers here , but that does n't justify pissing away money where it 's not appropriate .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 3/18/2009 @ 4:38 pm PT ...
... au contraire this injustice seems to have woke the dead ...
And just may be the principal key to open Pandora 's box ... nowadays almost everything is a diversion of somethin else .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 3/18/2009 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
Of course $ 165 million is only a tiny theft , but if it has the effect of causing the whole crime to be investigated ...
Think of it as the piece of tape on the door at the Watergate Hotel .
It 's not much , but if it causes the whole crime to unravel , then who cares .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Steve B said on 3/18/2009 @ 5:42 pm PT ...
Whether it is corporate executives or their gophers or politicians who have been paid to ignore the public interest , criminality and unethical behavior must , once again , be brought into compliance with the rule of law .
In this case as in the myriad of others of which we have become aware in the past number of years , the " children " who are testing the adults to see how far they can go and how much they can get away with must be punished and made an example of unequivocally .
The rule of law must be stringently applied whether it is with billions of dollars or 165 million .
If the punishment is not adequately applied , then the gravity of this general predicament will be far worse the next time we encounter it .
And yes , there will be a next time .
The only question is whether it will be sooner or later .
Criminals will always think that they can find success the next time because they are now " smarter " because of what they learned this time .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 3/18/2009 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
Brad , I 'm happy to see that you are using this opportunity to point out the numerous other really serious wastes of taxpayer money that dwarf the AIG bonuses .
Maybe more journalists and concerned citizens will use the AIG issue to question the other bigger scams .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Shawn said on 3/19/2009 @ 12:33 am PT ...
If any of this gets folks up off their complacent behinds and at least vigilant if not proactive about their government then it's worth something no matter which way you lean .
None of the economic crisis started yesterday or with A.I.G. and amazingly enough , the only folks who still think this is political are those in the House and Congress wasting time lobbing blame everywhere else instead of where it belongs and hoping the American People are really as unintelligent as they have been treating us .... and maybe we 'll get back to watching those old M.A.S.H. re-runs till this all blows over .
I think the new administration ( with the old agendas , special interests and petty power struggles ) was n't equipped for that new " transparency " idealism stuff .
I think things will become a lot more transparent than even Obama professed he wanted because there will be many more calls for accountability and for our elected officials to do their jobs or resign , just like the failed business executives they are admonishing to fall on their swords now .
If they are leading by example , they should be willing to stand up to the same standards .
Right ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 3/19/2009 @ 12:42 am PT ...
The Dems have to Start draining the swamp with pelosi , reid , the blue weasels etc ...
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/19/2009 @ 5:27 am PT ...
AIG is a criminal operation , just ask any of the injured workers in the US how they have been treated and they 'll tell you , only most do not know that it 's them that is causing all of their headaches .
They are a buffer between you and the Government .
That 's why I am worried about nationalizing healthcare , it more than likely would end up the same way as our work comp system is now .
The Government ( AIG ) , tells the doctors whether or not to inform the injured party about the extent of their injury .
( It 's been 7 years for me and not one quack / butcher will tell me what is wrong with me )
The only thing is that there are n't enough on the job injured people to make any noise , it 's just ignored .
( or they 're hacked to pieces if they let them have their way )
Go ahead and get a lawyer , what side do you think they 're going to be on , you , a one time customer ? , or the company he has to deal with everyday ?
My only advice to you is do n't get hurt on the job , AIG will own you .
By the way , I found out what was wrong with me by having a heart attack last year .
After they got me all morphined - up , they started taking x-rays of my spine , the nice nurses there ( purposely ) left my images on the front desk so when I was getting ready to leave , I read the envelope , it said , " ( my name ) , spinal " .
The family dog gets better treatment than this .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 3/19/2009 @ 6:57 am PT ...
what happend
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 3/19/2009 @ 7:42 am PT ...
The point of being outraged about these bonuses is because the condition of getting the money should have blocked their payment .
That is , if the company wanted to survive , the people who made the mess would have to say , in writing , that they screwed up and will forgo their bonuses for the good of the company .
That brings up the LIE from AIG that they need those " talented people " to stay on staff .
Yet , those " talented people " _caused_ this mess by doing shady deals .
Yet , AIG liked the money they made ( even if it was a lie of gain , as we see now ) .. and if we " bail them out " , then those " talented people " did , in fact , make AIG all that " fake money " ... see the circle ?
So , A ) do n't bail them out and let them fail , let the courts deal with it and let a Depression hit for 2 or 3 years .. or B ) bail them out on the condition that the " crooks " do n't benefit directly ( consequences and all ) .. or C ) bail them out without any restriction and tell the public " fuck you .. the ultra rich will be ultra rich no matter what , and you 'll pay for it in ALL aspects of your life .
If you do n't like how we do things in America , leave " .
nice , huh ?
The problem is we let non -banks do banking actions .
That needs to stop .
None of this was " illegal " ( so it seems ) , it was just done in avoidance of the law ( allowed by deregulation over the past 10 years ) .
These " slime " getting " bonuses for screwing up " should simply be the impetus for fixing our laws regarding financing .
It should also be the straw that breaks the Fed .
Reserve back , and brings money creation and management BACK under Congressional control .
Floridiot , I feel for you and your misery .
My mother and brother are having the same kinds of issues , and I do n't bother going to the doctor anymore because they seem useless .
Interestingly , my mother goes to the VA and my brother and I tend to use private doctors .
My mother used private doctors as well , same results .
This is n't a " nationalized medicine " issue , it 's a shitty performing system because insurance companies are involved issue .
If you want to understand single payer health care better , look at Canada , Germany , Switzerland , New Zealand , etc. etc .
The " medical industry " actually functions there , and they do well probably because they can do their jobs and bill the government and get paid .. not fight with insurance companies all the time .
As an example , my daughter had a lamp fall on her foot ..got some glass stuck in it .
We did n't know there were little fragments in there , and after a year of it bothering her , she went to a " doctor " .
Her doctor took ONE x-ray , straight down .. said the lump must just be left over scar tissue , and if they wanted to do anything else , the insurance company would require physical therapy _first_ .
2 months of someone rubbing her foot ( and associated costs ) and another SINGLE top - down x-ray and that doctor said " I do n't know if we can get permission for exploratory surgery to see what might be wrong ..
I 'll ask the insurance company " .
..... she went to a different doctor the next week .
They took .... 3 x-rays ( pretty cheap , all things considered ) .
the top - down showed nothing , but the other two showed 5 pieces of glass still in her foot ( yes , her first doctor had someone rub that glass round in there 3 times a week for 8 weeks because that paid ) .
Knowing they needed to extract the glass , he was able to tell the insurance company what he was going to do ; her foot is doing MUCH better now .
It has nothing to do with " government intervention " and everything to do with doctors being able / willing to do their jobs _properly_ .
Insurance companies put in obstacles because they want to save money ; if we start election representatives that actually care about " us " , we 'd let the professionals do their jobs and everyone would benefit .
Go watch Sicko by Michael Moore .
But to be honest , I do n't think America can be saved any more .
There are just _way_ too many people that just do n't pay attention , do n't want to , and would be totally confused if they tried .
Life is n't 30 second sound bites , but that 's what Americans respond best to .
These crooks on Wall Street get away with what they do because the public is essentially disinterested and ignorant .
( sorry about the long rant , Brad et. al. )
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 3/19/2009 @ 11:07 am PT ...
Prince Caspian is n't a very useful comparison .
That 's the total production cost , which went to hundreds of people and services , and unlike AIG , the Caspian crew actually made something of some value ( although I do n't think the film was that good ) .
More importantly , the cast and crew of Prince Caspian - and the company that made it - did n't play a key role in a global economic meltdown .
Nor are they still causing problems , whining about mistreatment , issuing threats to Treasury and Congress despite being 80 % owned by the public , and covering up a host of other despicable behavior .
As Robert Scheer and others have pointed out , the bonuses are only an indicator of much deeper problems , with oversight of funds , little to no transparency , funneling money to Goldman Sachs and other companies , and an approach avoiding nationalization , receivership , etc. that amounts to private profit and public risk .
As for pallets of money to Iraq – of course it 's disgusting , but liberal bloggers , . some Democrats and several veteran and government watchdog groups have been sounding off it for some time .
Absolutely Congress as a whole is selective in their outrage , and the press is even worse .
Add to their selective concern their skewed morality , that it 's horrible when Robert Gibbs responds to Dick Cheney , but Dick Cheney 's comments about Obama were n't horrible , and he should n't be pressed on any of his highly questionable statements , and certainly not the Red Cross report on torture that indicates he 's probably guilty of war crimes .
I take your point about AIG , but I think the trick is to move from the issue of the bonuses into a deeper critique ( as some people have tried to do , including with the Firedoglake petition ) rather than allowing it to be a distraction .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Marzi said on 3/19/2009 @ 12:30 pm PT ...
Cynthia McKinney questioned Rummie about the 3 trillion unaccounted for by the military right before 9/11 .
Then after , Congress never took up the mantle and the press buried it .
Check out Eliot Spitzers article on Slate and then the article written for the WP in 2008 just before he was pursued by a Rovian attack to get him out of office before he could do anything about bailouts .
He knew Bush and cronies were denying consumer protection ............
http://www.washingtonpos.../13/AR2008021302783.html and new article here http://www.slate.com/id/2213942/
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Caleb said on 3/19/2009 @ 11:28 pm PT ...
The straw that broke the camel 's back .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Michelle Gabriel said on 3/20/2009 @ 7:36 am PT ...
I can tell you why the outrage over AIG bonus vs. the other egregious items brought up .
There is no obvious one to one connection about a person getting laid off or foreclosed or seeing their retirement disappear to the money going to Iraq .
There is a one to one connection that these people caused my personal misery and are getting rewarded .
I have also heard that the head of AIG is new and that previously he was at Allstate and was instrumental in denying claims to Katrina victims .
I have not research this so I can't give references .
This is the man who moans about the sanctity of contracts and then breaks as many as he can .
The hypocrisy is what makes everyone so upset .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Benedict@Large said on 3/20/2009 @ 8:17 am PT ...
No doubt it is a distraction , and clearly meant to be one .
Still , the payments deserve some scrutiny , if only to determine that they are indeed bonuses and not hush money .
From my vantage point , they look a heck of a lot more like bribes than they do bonuses .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Steven Greenberg said on 3/20/2009 @ 9:32 am PT ...
What about prosecutions for the naked short selling and false rumor mongering that brought down Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers ?
Somebody pocketed billions in illegal profits , cost the government billions in bailout money , and brought on a financial crisis .
The names of the likely culprits are here :
vimeo.com/3722293
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 3/20/2009 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
You Can Have Watergate AIG Just Gimme Some Bucks And l'll Be Straight ( 6:22 )
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Mitch Trachtenberg said on 3/21/2009 @ 10:51 am PT ...
Check out
this column by Charles M. Blow
for a good explanation of why the AIG bonuses are serving as such a focus of attention .
I still think that the AIG executives ( whose exquisitely specialized knowledge is apparently so central to unwinding these trades and saving the world ) should be drafted immediately , so we can be sure they use their knowledge in defense of the nation .
Then they should be transported to safe locations --- Guantanamo --- where enemy agents wo n't be able to kill them .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Sarah Summer said on 3/22/2009 @ 11:06 am PT ...
AIG is just a symptom of a much wider disconnect from the real world suffered by corporate execs .
Things such as ethics , fairness , or even common sense are n't part of their world .
In a few months the general public will have moved on with their ' rage ' .
This public , which as a group has the attention span of an ADD goldfish , will simply be led on to the next ' outrage ' by news organizations who sole purpose is to encourage lack of corporate oversight .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... disillusioned said on 3/24/2009 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Advertisements
The conservative American Life League has come up with a new argument to scare people away from the Obama economic stimulus package .
They argue that making medical records electronic will open the door to euthanizing the elderly .
In other words , support the stimulus and kill grandpa .
Judie Brown the president of the American Life League said in a statement , “ Our elected representatives have fed on the fears of a nation gripped by economic panic to legislate state - enforced euthanasia .
President Obama ’s economic stimulus package puts a price tag on each of our heads .
The package ’s health care provisions threaten the elderly and open the door for euthanasia and nationalized health care . ”
According to Brown , the man who wants to kill the elderly is Tom Daschle , “ Patterned on a plan outlined by Sen .
Tom Daschle in his book ‘ Critical : What We Can Do About the Health Care Crisis , ’ the plan will have the greatest impact on seniors and places the country a step closer to mandated euthanasia of the elderly , infirm and those deemed undesirable .
This is a disgusting direct attack on the worth and human dignity of all people , regardless of age .
These provisions endanger the life of every single American . ”
The conservative Canada Free Press jumped into the fray , “ Obama ’s team of despots has turned a Stimulus Bill into a Kill the Elderly bill .
And the Democrats in the Senate , including Ben Nelson , Bill Nelson , Joe Lieberman , Arlen Specter and the two nitwits from Maine are too stupid or too reckless to put up a fuss .
We , as citizens of the United States of America , ca n ’t be .
Our nation was founded on better morals than this .
The Democrats have declared war on the elderly .
And they will suffer the shame of history as a result . ”
Advertisements
I have not read the final version of the bill yet , but I am almost 100 % certain that it does not contain a provision for euthanization of the elderly .
In fact , this bill would benefit the elderly who are highly susceptible as a group to medical errors caused by mistakes in their records .
The person who will kill the elderly and centralize health care is the National Coordinator of Health Information Technology .
Conservatives are spreading the lie that this is the person who is going to centralize health care and concentrate funding on the well and able bodied .
In reality the national coordinator will be an IT person , responsible for maintaining the electronic medical records system .
Here is how Obama described health IT , “ ( It ) will cut waste , eliminate red tape and reduce the need to repeat expensive medical tests .
But it just wo n’t save billions of dollars and thousands of jobs — it will save lives by reducing the deadly but preventable medical errors that pervade our health care system . ”
Electronic medical records are n’t about government run health care or euthanizing the elderly .
It is about building a better , more efficient system to save money and cut down on medical errors .
These conservatives are shameful scare tactics .
Does anyone really think that Democrats would vote for a bill that would euthanize the elderly ?
This may come as a surprise to some , but Democrats are people too .
This attack is insane , completely baseless , and laughable .
There is no other way to describe it .
( New York ) - The International Criminal Court's ( ICC ) issuance of an arrest warrant for President Omar al - Bashir of Sudan signals that even those at the top may be held to account for mass murder , rape and torture , Human Rights Watch said today .
ICC judges granted the warrant for Bashir , its first for a sitting head of state , on charges of crimes against humanity and war crimes for his role in orchestrating Sudan 's abusive counterinsurgency campaign in Darfur .
" With this arrest warrant , the International Criminal Court has made Omar al - Bashir a wanted man , " said Richard Dicker , director of the International Justice Program at Human Rights Watch .
" Not even presidents are guaranteed a free pass for horrific crimes .
By ruling there is a case for President al - Bashir to answer for the horrors of Darfur , the warrant breaks through Khartoum 's repeated denials of his responsibility . "
The court did not confirm the three counts of genocide that were requested by the ICC prosecutor .
Genocide requires evidence that the crimes were committed specifically " with the intent to destroy , in whole or in part , " a national , ethnic , racial , or religious group solely on the basis of its identity .
" Proving genocide charges is always extremely difficult , " said Dicker .
" President Bashir is hardly off the hook , as he is sought for crimes against humanity and war crimes , including widespread rape , murder , and torture committed as part of a government plan . "
Under the ICC Statute , the prosecutor is able to request an amendment of the warrant to include genocide if he obtains additional evidence to support the charge .
The ICC prosecutor requested an arrest warrant for Bashir on July 14 , 2008 .
Following the prosecutor 's announcement , Sudanese government officials made implicit and explicit threats of retaliation against international peacekeepers and humanitarian workers .
On July 25 , a Sudanese presidential advisor , Bona Malwal , stated in regard to peacekeeping forces that , " We are telling the world that with the indictment of our President al - Bashir we can't be responsible for the well - being of foreign forces in Darfur . "
President Bashir has also threatened to expel international peacekeeping forces if a warrant is issued .
The Security Council , its individual members , the UN Secretariat , the European Union , and the African Union have a critical role in promptly responding to any government - supported retaliation in Darfur following news of the warrant .
" The Sudanese government is obliged to maintain security in the country and the Security Council should act decisively to hold them to it , " said Dicker .
" Khartoum should not be allowed to use the arrest warrant as a pretext for stepping up its obstructionist policies that have hobbled peacekeeping and humanitarian efforts in Darfur . "
The government of Sudan is required by a Security Council resolution to facilitate the deployment of the African Union / UN Mission in Darfur ( UNAMID ) and to cooperate with the ICC .
Under international law , Sudan remains obligated to protect its own civilians and to provide full , safe , and unhindered access by relief personnel to those in need in Darfur .
The arrest warrant does not change these obligations , nor does it have any impact on Khartoum 's obligations to carry out the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement with the government of Southern Sudan .
" The Security Council and concerned governments should impose targeted sanctions against Sudanese officials responsible for any retaliatory violence , and consider other measures such as further banking restrictions or a widening of the arms embargo , " said Dicker .
The ICC is an independent judicial institution .
Sudan , though not a party to the Rome Statute creating the court , is subject to ICC jurisdiction through Security Council resolution .
Having an official position as head of state does not provide immunity from criminal responsibility before the ICC .
Apart from the warrant against President Bashir , the ICC has issued two other warrants in relation to Darfur .
On April 27 , 2007 , the court issued arrest warrants for State Minister of Humanitarian Affairs Ahmed Haroun and a " Janjaweed " militia leader , Ali Kosheib .
The prosecutor has also requested arrest warrants for three rebel leaders in connection with attacks on international peacekeepers at Haskanita in October 2007 .
That request is currently under consideration by the court .
Sudan has so far refused to cooperate with the ICC .
All the arrest warrants remain outstanding .
Haroun continues in his official position as state minister of humanitarian affairs .
On November 24 , the Sudanese government arrested and tortured three human rights defenders in Khartoum for allegedly giving information to the ICC .
" Khartoum is required to cooperate with the court , " said Dicker .
" Because the ICC has no police force of its own , it needs strong support from governments to ensure that all those charged with crimes are arrested . "
Background
In a March 31 , 2005 resolution , the Security Council referred the situation in Darfur to the ICC prosecutor for investigation and prosecution .
The decision was based on the recommendation of an international commission of inquiry , which found that violations of international humanitarian law and human rights law were continuing in Darfur and that the Sudanese justice system was unwilling and unable to address the crimes .
Darfur is the first situation referred by the Security Council to the ICC .
Update
On February 3 , 2010 , the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) appeals chamber decided to reject the standard used to exclude genocide charges in the ICC 's arrest warrant for President Omar al - Bashir of Sudan .
Last year , on March 4 , 2009 , ICC Pre -Trial Chamber I issued an arrest warrant for al - Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Darfur .
At that time , the Pre-Trial Chamber rejected the inclusion of genocide charges in the warrant on the basis that the prosecutor did not present " reasonable grounds to believe " that the Sudanese government possessed the necessary intent for the crime of genocide .
" Today 's decision is a strong reminder that President al - Bashir is wanted for heinous crimes committed in Darfur , " said Elise Keppler , International Justice Program senior counsel at Human Rights Watch .
" President al - Bashir is a fugitive from justice who needs to appear in The Hague to answer to the allegations against him . "
With today 's decision , the appeals chamber instructed the pre-trial chamber to reassess the inclusion of genocide charges under a revised standard and amend the arrest warrant as necessary .
Originally posted March 4 , 2009 .
Updated February 3 , 2010 .
Enlarge By Joe Raedle , Getty Images
A road construction crew works on a widening project in February in Florida City , Fla .
The stimulus law calls for infrastructure projects to help spark the economy .
LOS ANGELES 
Tens of thousands of jobs created by the economic stimulus law could end up filled by illegal immigrants , particularly in big states such as California where undocumented workers are heavily represented in construction , experts on both sides of the issue say .
Studies by two conservative think tanks estimate immigrants in the United States illegally could take 300,000 construction jobs , or 15 % of the 2 million jobs that new taxpayer - financed projects are predicted to create .
They fault Congress for failing to require that employers certify legal immigration status of workers before hiring by using a Department of Homeland Security program called E - Verify .
The program allows employers to check the validity of Social Security numbers provided by new hires .
It is available to employers on a voluntary basis .
JOBS FORECAST : Where the jobs are , state by state STOCKS RECOVERY : Could take years " They could have deterred this , but they chose not to , " said Steven Camarota , director of research for the Center for Immigration Studies .
He said a federal requirement that employers use E - Verify would have reduced , if not eliminated , the hiring of immigrants in this country illegally .
An advocacy group for immigrants , illegal and legal , did not disagree with the 300,000 estimate .
Camarota says the estimate is based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau 's Current Population Survey and other independent findings that 15 % of all construction workers in the USA are either illegal immigrants or lack the status of legal immigrant authorized to work .
But Jorge - Mario Cabrera , director of education for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles , said it is impossible to predict with certainty because it is unknown how many jobless immigrant construction workers may leave the U.S. , frustrated by the economic recession , before the new spending produces jobs .
He questioned the Center for Immigration Studies ' motives .
" Those are fear tactics . …
' The immigrants are here to take your job , ' " Cabrera said .
" I think that we really should be focusing on economic progress for all . "
The center is a Washington policy organization that , its website says , " seeks fewer immigrants but a warmer welcome for those admitted . "
Cabrera says his group believes unauthorized immigrants working in this country contribute to the economy .
A similar hiring estimate was produced in a report in February by the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank .
Senior research fellow Robert Rector wrote , " Without specific mechanisms to ensure that workers are U.S. citizens or legal immigrants authorized to work , it is likely that 15 % of these workers , or 300,000 , would be illegal immigrants . "
The version of the stimulus bill passed by the House of Representatives included a provision requiring employers to check immigration status with the E - Verify system before hiring .
The Senate did not include such a provision , and it was not in the version sent to President Obama .
The Obama administration has delayed until at least May 21 a Bush administration executive order requiring federal contractors to use the E - Verify system in hiring .
It had been scheduled to take effect in January .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce filed suit seeking to block the requirement , joined by the Associated Builders and Contractors and other business organizations .
The business groups and immigrant advocacy groups argue that the E - Verify database is riddled with errors that could result in millions of workers being wrongly identified as not authorized for work .
They say requiring its use before hiring would impose a cost burden on employers and open them to lawsuits .
Camarota said illegal immigrants working in construction are concentrated in California , Arizona and Texas along the border with Mexico , as well as Florida , Illinois , New York , New Jersey , North Carolina and Georgia .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The account below was inspired by actual events .
Details like names , dates , and more have been changed for reasons of privacy and readability .
My experiences with Shadowfast made me realize the limitations of ground transport -- even via supercar .
Especially relating to the balance between individual freedoms and the powers - that - be .
That and other factors pushed me to test my mettle at the next level : attaining the power of flight itself .
The mid-seventies were a tumultuous time , not just for me , but pretty much everyone .
The oil embargo and recession helped put the kibosh on supercar enthusiasm , as well as much else .
Computers and the internet still did n't exist so far as the mainstream public was concerned .
And the drug - culture of the sixties was still rolling along strong in the middle - seventies .
Partly because the Cold War was still striking fear in the hearts of many , with its ever present possibility of global nuclear armageddon occuring at any moment .
I took the whole Cold War thing pretty seriously at the time -- maybe because I had my own kind of cold war going on inside , for reasons I could not understand .
To my mind back then , preparing for nuclear armageddon was n't much different from prepping for a lifelong struggle against the state itself .
Or simply living as free as you could , regardless of what the authorities might want to say about it .
So I did .
Worked at putting myself into a state fit to live as a modern day mountain man beyond the law , and to survive and hopefully prosper no matter what insanity the top guys of the US and USSR decided to do to the rest of us , as they themselves enjoyed the best bunkers and support infrastructure money could buy and science could devise .
One of my first and most important steps was building a personal reference library .
Collecting references on any and all subjects which might be relevant to living independently and self - sufficiently -- whether nuclear war came or not .
Lots of the information consisted of pre-industrial knowledge which might be supremely valuable after the collapse of civilization , but hard to come by in the actual circumstance .
Other chunks consisted of more modern elements which could be useful with ( or against ) virtually any level of technology likely to be in the hands of individuals or small , local organizations .
It was round about here that my first inklings of a radical aircraft concept began taking form .
One early concept I published much later on the internet under a pseudonym can be seen here .
But in the seventies a bonafide outlaw and potential nuclear war survivor needed much more than concepts like Project Fledgling could offer .
After all , pretty much anything might have to be faced under the circumstances currently existing , and possibly to come .
And that 's how Moonshadow came to be .
That 's what I 'm calling it now , but at the time it had no actual name .
In veiled references to the project among family and friends I usually called it a " truck " .
For it was a truck .
An aerial truck .
A really humongous aerial truck with a really tiny cargo carrying capacity .
Moonshadow was basically a semi- rigid airship which could hover over one spot , take off or land vertically , or comfortably ' nest ' in the tree tops of forests .
It could also shape - change during flight into a flying wing to substantially increase its top speed and improve its manueverability .
When nesting the envelope could be rapidly deflated and the internal frame folded up , with the whole thing subsequently sliding down deeper into the tree tops .
Moonshadow only flew in the summers , and at night , rarely ventured into areas of civilization , and mostly just made the rounds between several small outlaw ' farms ' hidden in the deep woods of a particular portion of the Appalachians .
As sometimes Moonshadow would remain unfolded and deflated while nesting during the day on or near a remote mountaintop or ridge line , the top surface was painted in camouflage patterns to match .
The bottom surface was painted sky blue , just on the off - chance it might sometimes fly during the day .
Moonshadow was meant to be a low altitude airship .
I really was n't comfortable with doing anything high altitude .
I liked to keep the ground within 500 feet or so .
Of course that could be tricky at night .
But I developed a few techniques to help .
Moonshadow made good use of the technologies of the time , and on a budget so small as to possibly astonish many .
At least when contrasted with the capacities of the finished product .
I liked to think of it as my own real - life batplane .
CLICK HERE to see more details of Moonshadow 's construction .
Although just like Shadowfast ( well , much worse than Shadowfast , actually ) Moonshadow ended up demanding a lot more work on my part than I initially expected , it also for the most part delivered what I needed performance - wise .
Moonshadow 's end did n't stem from any flaw in its design or breakdown on its part .
Basically I only lost Moonshadow due to poking my nose where it did n't belong .
Yeah , yeah , other survivalists and ex-survivalists out there will point out that had an actual nuclear war came about at the time , flying around in Moonshadow would have been exactly the worst place to be -- at least downwind of a recent blast ( fallout ) or caught by the shockwave of a near strike .
And yes , my little territory was n't all that far from Oak Ridge at the time .
Considerably less than 100 miles away .
But heck , it appeared most anyone who was going to survive and prosper after such a war needed to make some big buck preparations before - hand .
Hence , the outlaw farm operation of which Moonshadow was a part .
Sure , I was taking a gamble on the war not actually starting for a while yet .
But so was everyone else in America .
Plus , Moonshadow only flew in the summers , and then only for a few hours during certain nights .
The rest of the season I tended to spend on the ground , basically working and camping out .
In the mountains .
Where quite a few folks might be likely to try getting to if a real war broke out .
But I 'd already be there .
No , I did n't usually have a cave or real underground bunker handy out there , just in case the strikes came while I was there .
But with a day or so of warning I could probably have high - tailed it to a place very like a bunker .
The rest of the years during that time I spent partly at college , taking a light course load due to my need to work full - time at the same time .
Steve and other hometown college friends had moved on after I 'd dropped out before .
When I was n't in school I might be working two regular jobs plus some self - employment on the side .
I kept my car ( this was post - Shadowfast ) packed with survival gear though the whole time , including a couple months worth of freeze - fried rations .
And when in school had scoped out the campus for the best bunker - like spots to possibly commandeer if necessary .
I kept a terribly heavy small trunk in my dorm room with me in those days , packed with essentials for war .
Yes , my roommate knew I was an odd duck .
But he was considerably younger than I , and had yet to be bloodied in battle .
On the other hand he was one of the best people I ever met , and smart as a whip .
I envied his own apparent high school environment , which had offered up classes like calculus ( ! ) and thermodynamics (! ) to students , and where there seemed to have been virtually no day - to - day violence .
Despite being a freshman , he often helped me in my struggles with junior and senior level engineering courses ( !)
So yes , this was a remarkable young man .
And I must admit his youthful optimism that war was not imminent did carry the day .
Then .
But at the time uncertainty was running high for a great many of the rest of us .
In those brief few months of every year I was actually using it , possessing Moonshadow was like having a license to spy .
To see things no one else saw .
To go where no one else could .
To do what no one else could dream .
Money almost literally was growing on trees around me .
Or in this case , weeds .
Imagine having a really big helicopter no one could see or hear .
A helicopter so light you could land it anywhere : a roof , tree tops , whatever .
Now imagine having it from just prior to fall of 1976 through the summer of 1979 .
Fences would be useless against you .
Guards could be observed and avoided .
And even if by some near miracle someone discovered your incursion , they could not pursue you !
Just watch you disappear into the sky -- if they realized that 's where you went at all .
But being an outlaw and a snoop with radical technology can be trumped by other radical technologies -- expecially when the other stuff is even more far out than your own .
CLICK HERE to view the Moonshadow pilot logs .
There 's more details to come as I get the time to post them ...
I created this page to serve as a handy index or portal to all my Moonshadow - related pages on - site .
I hope you enjoy it !
How to make the best chicken stock in your slow cooker Posted by 26 comments Posted by Fiona Nevile in Basics
I ’d written my post for tonight .
Budget , delicious chicken risotto for 62 p per portion when I realised that the main ingredient – the chicken stock had n’t been blogged .
A horse without the cart is no good for anyone who is travelling in foodie country .
So here ’s the cart .
This stock works with cooked chicken bones or a fresh carcass .
The latter makes better stock , I think .
If you remember to remove the chicken when it is cooked ( 1 - 1.5 hours depending on size ) you will have perfectly poached chicken to add to a multitude of other dishes such as stir fries , risotto , soup , pies , sandwiches to name but a few .
You do n’t need to cook chicken from scratch for every dish especially if you have really good stock .
Just use the stock ( even to braise vegetables in a stir fry ) and add the chicken right at the end and allow 2 - 3 minutes for it to warm through .
The main secret of making stock in the slow cooker ( or Aga ) is to add cold water .
This allows the flavours to develop as the stock heats up .
It may take an hour or so for the stock to reach simmering point on auto in a slow cooker but it ’s worth the wait .
I ’ve tried adding hot stock and cold stock and the latter wins hands down every time .
The other key trick was suggested by Joanna of Joanna ’s Food .
Leave the skin on the onion .
This gives colour and added flavour to the stock .
Joanna , I thnk you from the bottom of my heart every time that I taste my stock .
The third tip is to chop your vegetables fine so that the maximum flavour is released .
I ’ve tried tossing in whole vegetables and the chopping is worth it every time .
The fourth tip is taken from the way most decent chefs make stock .
Add a good quality chicken stock cube .
This sounds crazy as you have a chicken already submerged in the pot but it works .
Fresh herbs ( thyme is great with chicken and does n’t tend to overpower ) , peppercorns , garlic and a bay leaf all add to the magic of good stock .
Once your chicken is cooked remove it and allow the stock to simmer on for a good two or three hours .
Chill the stock and skim off the fat .
Then you are ready to go !
Cook your rice in the stock , use it as a base for soup , try it instead of milk in a béchamel type of sauce , simmer vegetables in it and generally luxuriate in its flavour .
It ’s packed with vitamins and minerals .
How to make the best chicken stock in your slow cooker
Ingredients :
Half a free range chicken
3 stalks of celery sliced fine
1 medium onion , skin on and quartered
3 medium carrots sliced fine
1 medium courgette sliced fine
10 black peppercorns
1 fresh bay leaf
10 sprigs of thyme ( a sprig is a side stalk in this kitchen )
1 fat clove of garlic , chopped fine
1 good quality chicken stock cube ( such as Gallo organic )
Half tsp of dried Italian herbs
Quarter tsp of salt
Cold water to cover
Method :
Put all the ingredients into the slow cooker .
Set your slow cooker to auto or high until the water starts to simmer .
Turn to low for an hour or so until the chicken is cooked ( juices run clear from the thickest part of the thigh ) .
When the chicken is cooked , remove it and cover with foil .
When it is cool put it in the fridge – the foil will stop it drying out .
Meanwhile allow the stock to bubble away on low for at least another two hours .
Chill and remove the fat .
If you are using pre cooked bones they can stay in the stock until the end .
A " critical threshold " ' causes the fish to form shoals covering many kilometres Researchers in the US have recorded the point at which hundreds of millions of herring coalesce into a vast shoal .
The team used equipment , which they also invented , that uses sound waves to remotely monitor movement of the fish .
They found that , when the herring numbers reach a tipping point , or " critical threshold " , this triggers a chain reaction whereby the shoal forms within seconds .
The findings are reported in the journal Science .
Herring form shoals to migrate during the autumn spawning season .
The shoal moves in a " highly organised fashion " and hundreds of millions of herring travel together to shallower waters to spawn .
The very ordered movement of the fish has reinforced an earlier theory that very large groups of migrating animals - swarms or shoals - act as one .
Fibre optic ocean
The technology the researchers used is called Ocean Acoustic Waveguide Remote Sensing .
This produces an image of the whole shoal by bouncing sound waves off the bodies of the fish .
With this equipment , measurements could be taken at such a high speed that the team was able to create a moving image of the forming shoal .
Using sound waves to monitor animals in the darkness of the ocean is not new .
But traditionally , a single survey vessel sends high - frequency sound beams into the ocean - taking a snapshot of a relatively small area .
The new system uses much lower frequency sound that can travel much farther .
The fish form a shoal covering tens of kilometres within tens of minutes
Nicholas Makris
MIT " It 's like using the ocean as a fibre optic cable , " explained Nicholas Makris , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) professor who led the research .
" The low frequency beams stay trapped in the water column and can cover a 100 km area in a minute and a half . "
This , says Professor Makris , is a vast improvement over conventional techniques , which Makris compared to " watching one pixel on a movie screen " while the new technology allows you to " see the entire movie " .
' Cities of fish '
The herring 's initial movement seems to be triggered by the reduction in light as the sun sets .
" When the light fades , it 's safer for the fish to move away from the seabed , " says Professor Makris .
" Once they have a certain number of other fish in their sphere of perception , they suddenly come together - forming a shoal covering tens of kilometres within tens of minutes . "
The herring gather in such huge numbers , and under cover of darkness , for " synchronised spawning " .
This helps protect them from predators .
The ordered movement of the shoal means the fish can reach their spawning ground more quickly and more safely .
" This is truly a commute , " says Professor Makris .
" And there are truly cities of fish down there . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Twitblogs is Twitter and Blogging in one
Do you use Twitter ?
Oh yes !
I know you like it !
But , do you think it ’s a little restricting because of the 140 character limit ?
And you think it ’s a little boring because you cannot add pictures and videos like a normal blogging platform can ?
Well , here comes Twitblogs and it ’s currently on Alpha version .
Twitblogs is a complimentary blogging platform to Twitter , allowing you to say more than 140 characters when the need arises .
It also enables you to share your pictures and videos with your Twitter friends and followers .
Twitblogs is hosted by EveryCity and runs on Sun Microsystems OpenSolaris using Apache , MySQL as well as Zend PHP – aka the “ SAMP ” Stack .
Furthermore Twitblogs uses Amazon ’s S3 to host all your images and Amazon ’s CloudFront content delivery network to rapidly distribute them .
[ via Twitblogs ]
Twitblogs ’ primary aim was to replicate your Twitter environment .
You can use the same Twitter credentials , look & feel whilst offering a rudimentary blogging platform .
If you want to just share pictures and videos , I suggest you try FriendFeed .
5 levels of intensity
1 - Latent conflict 1 - Latent conflict
The study classifies “ conflict “ second ( Low intensity , Non-violent )
A positional difference over definable values of national meaning , considering demands articulated by one of the parties and perceived by the other .
2 - Manifest conflict
( Low intensity , Non-violent )
Stage preliminary to violent force .
( for example , verbal pressure , threatening explicitly with violence , imposition of economic sanctions ) .
3 - Crisis
( Medium intensity , Violent )
Tense situation in which at least one of the conflict parties uses violent force in sporadic incidents .
4 - Severe crisis
5 - War
( High intensity , Violent ) Violent force repeatedly used in an organized way .
( High intensity - Violent )
Violent conflict in which violent force is used with a certain continuity in an organized and systematic way .
The extent of destruction is massive and of long duration .
The causes of conflicts are also classified second the next 9 items :
( these sum of factors - that often operate in conjunction , undermining the stability of states and the foundations of human security - point to a conflict syndrome , a new kind of war )
System / ideology ( 107 cases ) - Continuing the trend of previous years , the most frequent conflict item in 2008 was “ system / ideology ” , with 107 cases .
According to the HIIK study , this item means that conflicts were conducted in order to change the political or economic system or concerned ideological differences .
Others
Some global conclusions
Compared to 2007 , second the Conflict Barometer 2008 , the number of conflicts remained almost the same – 344 in 2007 and 345 in 2008 .
39 conflicts were fought out with the use of massive violence , 95 conflicts were conducted with sporadic use of violence ( crises ) , and 211 non-violent conflicts were counted ( 129 manifest and 82 latent conflicts ) .
After a relatively peaceful 2007 , the number of highly violent conflicts rose once more in 2008 .
9 wars and 30 severe crises were counted ( 6 wars and 26 severe crises - a total of 32 highly violent conflicts , in 2007 ) .
Regarding global conflicts ( low , medium and high intensity ) from 1945 to 2008 , the number of conflicts observed per year has risen more or less continuously .
Most of the conflicts are low - intensity conflicts .
A continuous and regular increase , interrupted by deescalation phases is obserbable on high - intensity conflicts .
In 1992 , after the collapse of the USSR , it was reached the all - time high ( 49 ) in high intensity conflicts .
After a remarkable decrease to 30 in 2005 , the number of highly violent conflicts rose again to 36 in 2006 , decreased to 32 in 2007 , and rose again to 39 in 2008 – the highest number since 2004 .
In recent years , the number of crises had soared to previously unknown values , peaking 113 in 2005 , and then remaining on a very high level .
More than 2/3 of the conflicts monitored in 2008 were internal conflicts ( 254 intrastate and 91 interstate cases ) .
Only 8 out of 91 of the interstate conflicts were conducted with the use of violence .
Intrastate conflicts represents the vast majority of violent and especially highly violent conflicts .
Other interesting conclusions :
In this analysis , conflicts very often involve more than one item .
Combinations of the 3 most frequent items were common - territory and resources , regional predominance and resources , or international power and system / ideology .
By GottaLaff
My buddy Mark Karlin at Buzzflash forwarded me this piece from HuffPo .
It 's wrong on a million levels , but it is especially disappointing to Mark and me .
We are both former Prelutsky readers .
We used to appreciate his writing .
But he is not the Burt we once knew .
Not at all :
Burt Prelutsky was a TV writer a long time ago .
Then he aged out of it and became a crank . [...]
Now he writes a column for Townhall.com , the popular website owned by a Christian radio network .
Here 's something from his current offering : Take Michelle Obama ... please .
Ohgod , was n't that hilarious ?
Ya see what he did there ?
He took the Henny Youngman line and applied it to the first lady !
See that ?
What a wit .
Or should I say " half wit " .
Every time I turn around , there she is on a magazine cover .
Now , normally , like the Mafia , I lay off the spouses , but inasmuch as this particular spouse attended the same racist church as her hubby for 20 years , I 'll make an exception in her case .
After all , in spite of the fact that affirmative action got her an Ivy League degree and a $ 7,000 - a - week salary and , moreover , has sent billions of dollars for no particularly good reason to Africa , she insists this is a mean country .
The burning question in my circle is : if the First Family gets a female dog , will she be the First Bitch or will she have to settle for second place ?
Get it ?
Because " bitch " had two meanings !
Disrespectful does n't even begin to say it .
Neither does rude , insulting , offensive , or disgusting .
You can read the rest at Townhall .
The Internet home of culture warriors Dennis Prager , Bill Bennett and Michael Medved .
( Who have all , by the way , written about Barack Obama 's horrible , shocking association with that racist hatemonger Jeremiah Wright .
Who called America an ugly black bitch .
Oh wait , he did n't . )
( They 've also all written columns bemoaning how angry and mean liberal humor is . )
You 'll have to follow the link for more of Burt 's pearls of wisdom .
I wo n't waste space here , nor will I soil TPC with more of his words .
The executive editor of Townhall is Hugh Hewitt .
His current column is about how terribly offended he was when Barack Obama made a joke about the Special Olympics :
We should hope President Obama makes more than apology .
We should hope he makes good .
Obama made a bad joke , yes , but it was n't intended to disparage .
He apologized to the chairman of the Special Olympics before the Leno show was even aired .
On the other hand , Townhallers , those paragons of virtue , what with their carefully - crafted attempts at humor and all , have yet to acknowledge their bile .
" Making good " is n't on their agenda .
Conversely , the president has " made more good " in the weeks he 's been in office than we 've witnessed in the past 8 years ... unless you consider a secret dictatorship and blatant war crimes " making good " .
Oh , the Christian broadcasters who own Townhall , the site that says Michelle Obama is a bitch and Will Smith is lucky he 's not picking cotton is Salem Communications .
You can thank them here .
UPDATE :
The piece was removed with no indication of it being altered , per my
pal
.
Be extra crispy specific .
Sincere thank yous should always be specific or they do n't count .
I love to model as a side job and for fun .
I am a local model and am excited about going further .
I have experience in runway , glamour , and promotional modeling .
I am most interested in Glamour and magazine work .
I have had some great modeling opportunities that have come my way and im always interested in more .
Latley I have had several people want me to travel to them for certain jobs or projects .
I have a full - time job and Cant travel much but if you can benefit me in my modeling I would love to work with you !
Here are my rates .
Google Inc. is getting into the phone business .
The Mountain View company is introducing a service today that allows users to make free domestic calls , along with transcribing voice mail messages , in a challenge to eBay Inc . 's Skype and major long - distance carriers like AT&T .
Google 's goal is to become a central hub for people to manage and make phone calls , an audacious plan that will face stiff competition from established rivals and startups .
The service , Google Voice , is the latest effort by the company to expand beyond online search and advertising , two areas it already dominates .
Google 's release is actually an upgrade to GrandCentral , a company and product it acquired last year that allows users to have one phone number for their home , work and cell phones .
Users can also screen calls , save and share voice mails and route calls to different phones depending on the caller .
With the overhaul and new name , Google is adding another dimension to the product and aiming it beyond its tech - savvy base .
The new offerings , particularly free domestic calls and cheap international calls from regular phones , probably will appeal to average consumers .
Calls can be made two ways .
One is for users to dial their Google Voice number and press 2 at the prompt .
Or they can click a number in their online dashboard to have the service ring their phone , and then connect with the other party .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Unlike domestic calls , international calls are charged per minute and require users to open a Google Checkout account , which stores credit card numbers .
Calls to landlines in the United Kingdom and France cost 2 cents per minute , while a call to a mobile line in France costs 15 cents per minute .
Users can't completely abandon their basic phone service .
But they no longer need to pay for domestic long - distance calls , a possible blow to long - distance providers .
EBay 's
Skype online calling service offers free domestic and international calls made to and from personal computers .
There is a fee for calls made from computers to landline and mobile phones .
Vincent Paquet , who founded GrandCentral , said he does n't see Google Voice as a threat to phone companies or Skype , saying that " the notion of long - distance calling is becoming less and less relevant every day . "
" We certainly did n't envision the product as a way for you to change your current cell phone plan , but a way to manage your personal communication , " he said .
The service will be offered first to GrandCentral users , then made widely available .
Google has tried before to expand beyond its search roots , with mixed results .
Social networking service Orkut has never caught on in the United States , for instance .
Google released information about the service on condition that The Chronicle not reveal details to outsiders before today .
Craig Settles , president of Successful.com , a technology marketing consultant , said that companies run a higher risk of failure when they go outside their area of expertise .
In a statement Wednesday , eBay said it expects
Skype to double revenue to more than $ 1 billion in 2011 and that its leadership position in Internet calling has strengthened .
Google Voice also offers automatically transcribed voice mails with voice - recognition technology .
The transcribed messages , which allow users to avoid checking lengthy voice mail , can be sent by e-mail and to cell phones .
It 's a technology already offered by startups such as SpinVox and SimulScribe .
Paquet acknowledged that the software does n't perfectly understand what people say , but said that it will improve .
I doubt anyone found it surprising when a recent Pew Research Poll revealed that the top policy priority for most Americans is currently the economy .
Indeed , times are tough and wallets are thin , and most Americans are feeling the crunch .
But what is alarming is how these polls indicate that the growing concern for the economy seems to be coming at the expense of concern for the environment .
As economic woes escalated , rankings for the environment plummeted 15 points over last year ’s numbers , which was the biggest drop in priority among all of the issues polled .
This brings up an important question :
Why are these two issues seemingly seen at such odds with one another ?
The reason may stem from the fact that the structure of the American economy , and perhaps the American mindset itself , is fundamentally out of touch with reality .
A sharp dichotomy between the economy and the environment has long presented itself in American politics .
For the average consumer , it often cashes out as an erroneous conception that what ’s good for the environment is bad for their bottom line .
For example , people are typically concerned that tighter environmental controls mean that their bills will be higher , especially when it comes to their electricity and energy usage .
They often believe that protections placed upon our forests , oceans and waterways get in the way of good paying American jobs in the logging , fishing or transportation industries .
When pressed , most folks would probably assert that they ’d always put people first , before the environment– as if people and their environments could be fundamentally separated .
Basically , it ’s common for Americans to view a healthy environment as an expense rather than as an asset .
And so when times get stingy and people have to make hard decisions about what to prioritize , they let their concerns for a healthy environment fall by the wayside .
The problem here is that the economy is an invented , abstract thing , while the environment essentially encompasses everything that is real and concrete .
By prioritizing the economy in such a way that minimizes the environment , Americans seem to be forgoing reality , as if to say that the economy is more real than the air we breath , the water we drink , or the health of the food and resources we harness .
Instead of cashing out into tangible things , the American economy has become a chimerical ouroboros , abstractly designed to accrue profit through investment in the financial sector itself .
It ’s no wonder that the value of real wealth has been lost in the process .
As an old Cree poet once astutely pointed out : we can not eat money .
It turns out– as this economic crisis firmly demonstrates– money can’t eat itself either .
If a lasting economic rescue package is going to be implemented , there must be a refocus on the value of the environment .
Rather than being inexorably distinct in the minds of Americans , economic priorities should be intertwined with health and environmental concerns .
Of course , the real question is : How ?
Green priorities put in place by the federal stimulus bill are encouraging , but it ’s only the first step .
How do you think the economy could be restructured to reflect a cleaner environment and a greener American mindset ?
Chart courtesy of the Pew Research Center
Man juices in a boil ?
No shame , that 's Shelby Super Cars ' Aero EV in pursuit of the " world 's fastest production electric car " title .
SSC just came clean with the details behind its All - Electric Scalable Powertrain ( AESP ) producing 1,000 horsepower and 800 lb- ft of torque that rips the Aero EV through 0 to 60 in just 2.5 seconds at a 208 mph top speed .
Compare that to the Tesla Roadster 's 0 - 60 in 3.9 seconds ( or 3.7 for the 2009 sport model ) and you 'll understand all the hubbub , bub .
Better yet , the 150 - 220 mile battery can be refilled in just 10 minutes ( Tesla takes 3.5 hours ) from a 220V service thanks to what SSC calls its " Charge on the Run " onboard charging system -- something that nearly eliminates ( or at least minimizes ) the need for a battery swapping infrastructure .
The first full - scale , pre-production Ultimate Aero EV should be on the streets before June with production deliveries expected in the fourth quarter .
Now we just need a price .
This is a well written essay by the New York times on Freeman Dyson .
Dyson is one of the world ’s most eminent physicists .
As many WUWT readers know he is a skeptic of AGW aka “ global warming ” , even going so far as to signing the Oregon Petition , seen below .
This part really spoke to me :
What may trouble Dyson most about climate change are the experts .
Experts are , he thinks , too often crippled by the conventional wisdom they create , leading to the belief that “ they know it all . ”
The men he most admires tend to be what he calls “ amateurs , ” inventive spirits of uncredentialed brilliance like Bernhard Schmidt , an eccentric one - armed alcoholic telescope - lens designer ; Milton Humason , a janitor at Mount Wilson Observatory in California whose native scientific aptitude was such that he was promoted to staff astronomer ; and especially Darwin , who , Dyson says , “ was really an amateur and beat the professionals at their own game . ”
You can read an essay about his views on climate change , posted here on WUWT on 11/05/2007 .
Excerpt : from the NYT article :
IT WAS FOUR YEARS AGO that Dyson began publicly stating his doubts about climate change .
Speaking at the Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer - Range Future at Boston University , Dyson announced that “ all the fuss about global warming is grossly exaggerated . ”
Since then he has only heated up his misgivings , declaring in a 2007 interview with Salon.com that “ the fact that the climate is getting warmer does n’t scare me at all ” and writing in an essay for The New York Review of Books , the left - leaning publication that is to gravitas what the Beagle was to Darwin , that climate change has become an “ obsession ” — the primary article of faith for “ a worldwide secular religion ” known as environmentalism .
Among those he considers true believers , Dyson has been particularly dismissive of Al Gore , whom Dyson calls climate change ’s “ chief propagandist , ” and James Hansen , the head of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York and an adviser to Gore ’s film , “ An Inconvenient Truth . ”
Dyson accuses them of relying too heavily on computer - generated climate models that foresee a Grand Guignol of imminent world devastation as icecaps melt , oceans rise and storms and plagues sweep the earth , and he blames the pair ’s “ lousy science ” for “ distracting public attention ” from “ more serious and more immediate dangers to the planet . ”
“ The climate - studies people who work with models always tend to overestimate their models , ” Dyson was saying .
“ They come to believe models are real and forget they are only models . ”
If only we could get James Hansen to spend an afternoon with Freeman Dyson . ( h/t to Alexandre Aguiar )
New York Times Magazine Preview
The Civil Heretic
By NICHOLAS DAWIDOFF
FOR MORE THAN HALF A CENTURY the eminent physicist Freeman Dyson has quietly resided in Prince­ton , N.J. , on the wooded former farmland that is home to his employer , the Institute for Advanced Study , this country ’s most rarefied community of scholars .
Lately , however , since coming “ out of the closet as far as global warming is concerned , ” as Dyson sometimes puts it , there has been noise all around him .
Chat rooms ,
Web threads , editors ’ letter boxes and Dyson ’s own e-mail queue resonate with a thermal current of invective in which Dyson has discovered himself variously described as “ a pompous twit , ” “ a blowhard , ” “ a cesspool of misinformation , ” “ an old coot riding into the sunset ” and , perhaps inevitably , “ a mad scientist . ”
Dyson had proposed that whatever inflammations the climate was experiencing might be a good thing because carbon dioxide helps plants of all kinds grow .
Then he added the caveat that if CO2 levels soared too high , they could be soothed by the mass cultivation of specially bred “ carbon - eating trees , ” whereupon the University of Chicago law professor Eric Posner looked through the thick grove of honorary degrees Dyson has been awarded — there are 21 from universities like Georgetown , Princeton and Oxford — and suggested that “ perhaps trees can also be designed so that they can give directions to lost hikers . ”
Dyson ’s son , George , a technology historian , says his father ’s views have cooled friendships , while many others have concluded that time has cost Dyson something else .
There is the suspicion that , at age 85 , a great scientist of the 20th century is no longer just far out , he is far gone — out of his beautiful mind .
But in the considered opinion of the neurologist Oliver Sacks , Dyson ’s friend and fellow English expatriate , this is far from the case .
“ His mind is still so open and flexible , ” Sacks says .
Which makes
Dyson something far more formidable than just the latest peevish right - wing climate - change denier .
Dyson is a scientist whose intelligence is revered by other scientists — William Press , former deputy director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory and now a professor of computer science at the University of Texas , calls him “ infinitely smart . ”
Dyson — a mathematics prodigy who came to this country at 23 and right away contributed seminal work to physics by unifying quantum and electrodynamic theory — not only did path - breaking science of his own ; he also witnessed the development of modern physics , thinking alongside most of the luminous figures of the age , including Einstein , Richard Feynman , Niels Bohr , Enrico Fermi , Hans Bethe , Edward Teller , J. Robert Oppenheimer and Edward Witten , the “ high priest of string theory ” whose office at the institute is just across the hall from Dyson’s .
Yet instead of hewing to that fundamental field , Dyson chose to pursue broader and more unusual pursuits than most physicists — and has lived a more original life .
Full story here
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
( NewsTarget ) California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed a bill last week that would have allowed the state 's farmers to grow hemp for its oil , seed and fiber for industrial use in the production of food , paper , personal care products , car parts and building materials .
AB1147 -- co-authored by Assemblymen Mark Leno , D - San Francisco , and Chuck Devore , R - Irvine -- sought to allow California to join the 30 other countries that allow hemp farming .
Currently California state law does not differentiate between hemp crops and marijuana crops , so farmers have been hesitant to grow hemp for fear of having their crops confiscated .
Schwarzenegger said in his veto message that although he wants to encourage new state agricultural production , there is no federal law distinguishing between hemp and marijuana .
" Unfortunately , I am very concerned that this bill would give legitimate growers a false sense of security and a belief that production of ' industrial hemp ' is somehow a legal activity under federal law , " Schwarzenegger said .
AB1147 would have required farmers to submit to crop testing to guarantee that their variety of the cannabis plant was not a hallucinogenic form in return for not having their crops confiscated .
Leno said the governor 's veto was " ... a case of politics sadly trumping science and sound public policy , " and that California family farmers were being denied " a great cash crop . "
John Roulac , founder and president of Nutiva -- a California - based company that sells hemp food products online at www.Nutiva.com -- calls Schwarzenegger 's veto " unfortunate , " but says the fact that the bill passed both houses in California was promising .
" We received so much publicity coverage -- we were in the New York Times , the LA Times , on PBS , CBS -- we educated a lot of people in the process , so that was positive , " Roulac said .
" I think that ultimately the marketplace will trump politics . "
Roulac says efforts to legalize hemp have proven effective in North Dakota , where rules for growing industrial hemp have been approved by the governor , and in North Carolina , where legislation was recently passed to study industrial hemp .
In response to allegations that industrial hemp could be smoked to produce the same effects as marijuana , Ken Junkert of the North Dakota Department of Agriculture said , " You 'd have to smoke a joint the size of a telephone pole in order to get a headache . "
Hemp proponents say the non-psychoactive plant has been misclassified as a Schedule 1 drug , and is vastly different from marijuana plants .
For example , marijuana plants grow to 6 feet tall and are planted 4 feet apart , but hemp grows as high as 16 feet tall and is planted mere inches apart for maximum production .
The plant is capable of growing in a variety of conditions and does not require herbicides or pesticides , Junkert said .
Roulac says the way to reverse the government 's stance on the plant is through market demand , since common sense has not prevailed so far .
" Logic and reason are not something that carries the day in Sacramento or Washington , D.C. , and building the market for industrial hemp is the most powerful thing that we can do , " Roulac said .
Leno says he will continue fighting for legalization on behalf of California farmers , stressing that industrial hemp is a $ 300 million industry in the United States , but can not be legally grown here .
He says he will try to pass the hemp legalization bill again in January .
###
Gerry Wolfe , the Canadian - born president of a Chinese mining company , has a pretty good explanation for why Beijing is n’t hunkering down like everyone else during the global financial crisis :
“ The Chinese have more cash than anyone else right now . ”
That ’s one reason Chinalco Mining Peru , a unit of China ’s state - owned Chinalco , is continuing with a project announced two years ago to open a $ 2 - billion copper mine in the Peruvian Andes by 2012 , Wolfe said in an interview in this capital Friday .
“ They went through the last 10 years selling things and piling up billions of dollars in surplus reserves , which they are now using to finance an expansion into the world , ” said the soft - spoken Wolfe , who , in a short - sleeved shirt and khaki trousers , hardly fits the image of hard - charging chief executive .
The open - pit mine is expected to produce a quarter of a million tons of copper a year and is one of five major Chinese mining projects planned for Peru that appear to be advancing despite the darkening economic climate .
The reason ?
The Asian giant ’s insatiable need for raw materials .
Advertisement
Erica S. Downs , a China expert at the Brookings Institution in Washington , said Chinese mining companies are aggressively expanding worldwide , often through mergers and acquisitions that target companies that have been laid low by the crisis .
An example is Chinalco ’s bid to acquire control of Rio Tinto , a giant Australian - British mining company .
“ When the economy was booming , there were fewer attractive assets for sale , and often stiff competition for those that were available , ” Downs said .
“ Today , Chinese firms are finding the opportunities for international mergers and acquisitions to be much more plentiful . ”
Whether through mergers or original projects such as the copper mine in Peru , China ’s moves in mining reflect the country ’s strategic decision to exert “ more direct control over resources , ” Wolfe said .
“ They had the option of continuing to buy in the global marketplace but seem to have made a change of plan , ” he said .
Advertisement
Rich in natural resources , Latin America has been a special focus of Chinese investment in recent years .
China ’s leadership announced in 2004 that it would invest $ 100 billion in this hemisphere over the ensuing decade , and after a slow start it seems well on its way of meeting the goal .
Peruvian exports of gold , copper , silver , zinc and other products reached $ 18.6 billion last year , six times the natural resources shipped out of the country in 1999 , Vice Minister of Mines Felipe Isasi said .
Since 2005 , mining jobs have nearly doubled to 138,000 .
Although commodity prices have fallen in recent months , mining and exports of other natural resources have helped make Peru ’s economy one of the few that are still growing amid the global crisis .
In 2007 and 2008 , Peru was South America ’s fastest - growing economy , averaging 9 % expansion per year .
It ’s all a dramatic turnaround from 15 years ago , when the country was in the grips of the Sendero Luminoso ( Shining Path ) insurgency and mining concessions went begging , said John Youle , a former U.S. diplomat and Lima - based economic consultant .
Advertisement
“ In relation to Panama , Ecuador , Mexico and Venezuela , Peru has some important strengths , ” Youle said .
“ You ’ve got responsible fiscal policies and enough foreign reserves accumulated that they should come through this declining climate not unscathed but in much better shape than other kids on the block . ”
Not everyone in Peru is thrilled about the mining boom .
Jose de Echave of the Lima - based environmental watchdog group Cooper Accion said the country was ill - prepared to monitor the rapid expansion of mining .
He warned of ecological disaster unless the government bolstered its environmental safeguards , including the establishment of an independent department similar to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
The Chinese have a poor reputation in the country stemming from labor disputes at an iron mine in southern Peru that the iron and steel company Shougang acquired in the early 1990s .
There have been numerous strikes and claims of poor management practices , including the firing of Peruvian workers and importation of Chinese labor to replace them .
Shougang was even expelled from Peru ’s national mining association .
Advertisement
Wolfe , a decades - long veteran of mining in Latin America , said Chinalco has learned from other companies ’ mistakes .
Of a payroll that will soon total 2,500 workers , only three are Chinese nationals , he said .
He insisted that the Chinese know now what it takes to be good corporate citizens .
That knowledge will be tested in coming months as the company begins the delicate process of relocating 5,000 residents from the town of Morococha , the mine ’s location , to a new town to be built three miles away .
Many residents are resisting , despite Chinalco ’s offer of free housing for most townspeople .
Wolfe said there is much at stake in China ’s success in Peru .
The continued growth of its economy depends on access to metals .
“ They want to become similar to the U.S. or Europe , ” Wolfe said .
“ They have a long way to go , but it can not be done without metals and other natural resources .
Domestically , there are 1.3 billion Chinese , and all of them want cellphones , cars , appliances -- just like you and me .
And that takes copper , lots of it . ”
Advertisement
--
chris.kraul@latimes.com
RICHMOND , Va. --
Do you like to apply a little rouge and lipstick before getting your new driver 's license ?
It soon wo n't matter in Virginia , which apparently thinks color makes you a security threat .
The Department of Motor Vehicles is rolling out a new look for Virginia licenses , and that look includes a lot of black and white .
Starting in March , the state will begin issuing new licenses and ID cards with black - and - white photos intended to improve security and blunt counterfeiting .
How does a non -color photo make us more secure ?
Good question .
While current licenses are made of layers of plastic , the new licenses have no layers to be stripped away and photographs are laser engraved .
Frickin ' lasers !
Apparently , however , the lasers do n't engrave in color .
We 've been to the moon ... to the moon ... sigh .
Anyway , the new licenses have other security features , such as microprinting and a transparent second photograph , which is also black and white and can be see from both the front and the back of the card .
At least the card itself has some color to it , helping to offset the new card 's notion that Virginia is the most boring state in the U.S .
Driver 's licenses and ID cards issued prior to implementation of the new format remain valid until expiration , so enjoy the color while it lasts .
And remember , the DMV reserves the right to refuse to issue a driver 's license or ID card to any applicant who appears for photographing in a disguise or intentionally distorts their face to alter their appearance .
According to the DMV , a disguise includes , but is not limited to , unusual makeup , paint , wig , sunglasses or false facial hair .
Facial distortion includes , but is not limited to , deliberately crossing or squinting eyes , or opening or twisting mouth .
McLovin ' , we 're looking in your direction ...
Three nights ago , my encryption algorithm Blowfish was mentioned on the Fox show 24 .
The clip is available here , or streaming on Hulu .
This is the exchange :
Janis Gold : I isolated the data Renee uploaded to Bauer but I ca n’t get past the filed header .
Larry Moss :
What does that mean ?
JG : She encrypted the name and address she used and I can’t seem to crack it .
LM : Who can ?
JG : She used her personal computer .
This is very serious encryption .
I mean , there are some high - level people who can do it .
LM : Like who ?
JG : Chloe O’Brian , but from what you told me earlier she ’s too loyal to Bauer .
LM : Is her husband still here ?
JG : Yes , he ’s waiting to see you .
LM : He ’s a level 6 analyst too .
…
JG : Mr. O’Brian , a short time ago one of our agents was in touch with Jack Bauer .
She sent a name and address that we assume is his next destination .
Unfortunately , it ’s encrypted with Blowfish 148 and no one here knows how to crack that .
Therefore , we need your help , please .
…
Morris O’Brian :
Show me the file .
MO : Where ’s your information .
16 or 32 bit wavelength word length ?
JG : 32 .
MO : Native or modified data points ?
JG : Native .
MO : The designer of this algorithm built a backdoor into his code .
Decryption ’s a piece of cake if you know the override codes .
LM : And you do ?
MO : Yeah .
LM : Will this take long ?
MO : Course not .
LM : Mr. O’Brian , can you tell me specifically when you ’ll have the file decrypted ?
MO : Yes .
MO : Now .
Search Type : All Books Posted Books Unposted Books Wish List Books PBS Market Books Keywords / ISBN : Title : Author : Genre : -- Arts & Photography Biographies & Memoirs Business & Money Children 's Books Christian Books & Bibles Comics & Graphic Novels Computers & Technology Cookbooks , Food & Wine Crafts , Hobbies & Home Engineering & Transportation Health , Fitness & Dieting History Horror Humor & Entertainment Law Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual & Transgender Books Literature & Fiction Medical Books Medicine Mystery , Thriller & Suspense Nonfiction Outdoors & Nature Parenting & Relationships Politics & Social Sciences Reference Religion & Spirituality Romance Science & Math Science Fiction & Fantasy Sports & Outdoors Teen & Young Adult Travel Uncategorized Select Multiple Genres Genres : EDIT CLEAR Exclude Multiple Genres Genres : EDIT CLEAR Paperback Hardcover Audio CD Audio Cassette Large Print Only Publication Date : == <= >= NOT ---- 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905 1904 1903 1902 1901 1900 1899 1898 1897 1896 1895 1894 1893 1892 1891 1890 1889 1888 1887 1886 1885 1884 1883 1882 1881 1880 1879 1878 1877 1876 1875 1874 1873 1872 1871 1870 1869 1868 1867 1866 1865 1864 1863 1862 1861 1860 1859 1858 1857 1856 1855 1854 1853 1852 1851 1850 1849 1848 1847 1846 1845 1844 1843 1842 1841 1840 1839 1838 1837 1836 1835 1834 1833 1832 1831 1830 1829 1828 1827 1826 1825 1824 1823 1822 1821 1820 1819 1818 1817 1816 1815 1814 1813 1812 1811 1810 1809 1808 1807 1806 1805 1804 1803 1802 1801 1800 1799 1798 1797 1796 1795 1794 1793 1792 1791 1790 1789 1788 1787 1786 1785 1784 1783 1782 1781 1780 1779 1778 1777 1776 1775 1774 1773 1772 1771 1770 1769 1768 1767 1766 1765 1764 1763 1762 1761 1760 1759 1758 1757 1756 1755 1754 1753 1752 1751 1750 1749 1748 1747 1746 1745 1744 1743 1742 1741 1740 1739 1738 1737 1736 1735 1734 1733 1732 1731 1730 1729 1728 1727 1726 1725 1724 1723 1722 1721 1720 1719 1718 1717 1716 1715 1714 1713 1712 1711 1710 1709 1708 1707 1706 1705 1704 1703 1702 1701 1700 1699 Recent Posts Only : Yes - Last 24 Hours Yes - 7 Days No Sort By : Relevance Title Author Rating Date Posted Publication Date # of Ratings # Requested # of Wishes Ascending Descending Title Filter : -- A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Save Search as :
If you were logged in you could save this search .
Advanced Search
Welcome to PaperBackSwap's Book Browser !
The Book Browser allows you to find great books that fit your specific interests !
You can search by keyword , title , author or genre , or any combination , and limit your search results in a number of ways ( for example , to seek out certain formats or publication dates ) .
You can even save your search parameters to repeat the search easily in the future .
Whether you 're seeking a new romance , classic , literary novel or a textbook , the Book Browser is the way to go !
Kind Regards ,
The PaperBackSwap Team
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
News outfits are reporting that Leon Panetta has been tapped by President - elect Barack Obama to take over the Central Intelligence Agency .
It ’s an unusual choice , for Panetta , a former Democratic congressman who became President Bill Clinton ’s budget chief and then his White House chief of staff , has no direct intelligence experience , and the CIA in previous decades has been rather unwelcoming to outsiders .
( Obama ’s first pick for the spy chief slot , John Brennan , a career CIA officer , withdrew his name , after bloggers and others raised questions about his involvement in the agency ’s post - 9/11 detention and interrogation programs . )
Panetta , if confirmed , will work closely with retired Admiral Dennis Blair , Obama ’s choice to be director of national intelligence .
Panetta is an even - tempered and highly regarded Washington player–kind of a Mr. Fixit in a nice suit .
He is also a zero - tolerance critic of the use of torture , and he considers waterboarding –a tactic used by the CIA –to be torture .
A year ago , he wrote in The Washington Monthly :
According to the latest polls , two - thirds of the American public believes that torturing suspected terrorists to gain important information is justified in some circumstances .
How did we transform from champions of human dignity and individual rights into a nation of armchair torturers ?
One word : fear .
Fear is blinding , hateful , and vengeful .
It makes the end justify the means .
And why not ?
If torture can stop the next terrorist attack , the next suicide bomber , then what ’s wrong with a little waterboarding or electric shock ?
The simple answer is the rule of law… .
Those who support torture may believe that we can abuse captives in certain select circumstances and still be true to our values .
But that is a false compromise .
We either believe in the dignity of the individual , the rule of law , and the prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment , or we do n’t .
There is no middle ground .
We cannot and we must not use torture under any circumstances ..
It does n’t get much clearer than this .
( Take that , Jack Bauer ! )
By picking Panetta , Obama is repudiating the waterboarding ways of the Bush - Cheney administration .
As a member of the Iraq Study Group , Panetta joined with other Establishment poohbahs to criticize George W. Bush ’s prosecution of the Iraq war .
And in a newspaper op - ed , he noted that the Iraq war “ could give al - Qaeda a base for terrorism throughout this critical region . ”
Panetta ’s views on torture and the Iraq war are unlikely to pose any problems for him during his Senate confirmation .
But he has tangled with the agency in the past–and these tussles could emerge as confirmation issues .
As Clinton ’s budget chief , he sought to cut the CIA ’s budget and clashed with then - CIA director R. James Woolsey .
A 2007 study produced by the CIA ’s Center for the Study of Intelligence described this confrontation :
Leon Panetta , the Clinton administration ’s first director of OMB , had indicated to Woolsey early in 1993 that OMB was considering providing the DCI with top - line guidance , perhaps with a publicly disclosed figure , and seeking sizable out - year cuts in intelligence spending ….
…. From [ the Office of Management and Budget ’s ] perspective , [ Woolsey ] came across as confrontational in his efforts to keep OMB from examining , and possibly cutting , his budget .
One of Panetta ’s senior staff officers commented on Woolsey ’s approach in dealing with Panetta : “ I ’ve never seen a more graceless stonewall … . ” [ CIA official ]
Richard Haver …recalled an episode in which the DCI and [ Pentagon ] leaders , in a personal meeting with President Clinton , gained the president ’s agreement — over OMB objections — to a program and budget Woolsey had worked out in concert with DOD .
[ Woolsey ] was almost euphoric about his success as he returned to CIA headquarters , but he soon received a message from Panetta that Woolsey would “ pay ” for his budget victory .
Will CIA veterans strike back at Panetta for his efforts to reduce their budget 16 years ago ?
Will GOPers in the Senate try to embarrass Panetta by bringing this up ?
And there ’s this : in 1990 , then - Representative Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) introduced legislation that would have required the president to seek approval from the congressional intelligence committees before mounting most covert operations .
( Under this legislation , the president could still stage secret ops to save American lives or rescue American hostages without asking permission from the committees . )
The measure failed miserably .
Only 70 members voted for it , but one was Panetta .
Will that vote come up during his confirmation hearings ?
One wonders if Panetta still supports the idea of greater congressional oversight of CIA clandestine activities .
A CIA director who has denounced torture , advocated intelligence cuts , and backed greater congressional control of covert operations –that would be …. different .
This appointment certainly has the potential to spark opposition from inside and outside the agency .
But if Panetta manages to make it to Langley without much fuss , that would indeed signal real change in Washington .
Liberal Party leader Michael Ignatieff attended a Young Liberals of Canada pub night at the Irish Heather Pub in Vancouver on Wednesday [ January 14 ] and shared a pint and his thoughts with the excited group .
Ignatieff was greeted outside the pub by a pro-Palestinian rally and , during a brief speech inside , he commented on the protest saying " They have the right to be there , they have the right to be heard , they have a right to speak , their anger , their frustration , their sense of grievance , their sense that something terrible is happening and it's not being stopped — is to be respected .
I disagree with it , but we have to live with it . ”
Ignatieff spoke for several minutes on why he chose to come back to Canada and pursue his political career and encouraged the young crowd to get involved in any capacity they can in order to fight for the Canada they want .
Watch the video of Ignatieff 's remarks below .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A Turkish Airlines plane has crashed on landing at Amsterdam 's Schiphol international airport , killing nine people and injuring 84 , six critically .
The plane , carrying 127 passengers and seven crew , crashed short of the runway near the A9 highway .
It broke into three pieces , but did not catch fire .
Three of those killed are crew members .
Dutch officials say most of the passengers on board were Turkish .
It remains unclear why the plane , en route from Istanbul , crashed .
The Boeing 737-800 aircraft came down at 1031 local time ( 0931 GMT ) , several hundred yards ( metres ) short of the runway .
It had left Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport at 0622 GMT .
At a news conference in Amsterdam , officials confirmed that all the bodies had been removed from the plane .
SCHIPHOL ACCIDENTS 27 October 2005 : A fire at the airport 's detention centre killed 11 people and injured 15 4 April 1994 :
Three people were killed and 13 seriously injured when a KLM flight carrying 24 people crashed on landing 4 October 1992 : An El Al Boeing 747 cargo plane crashed into an apartment block after takeoff , killing 43 people
In pictures : Schiphol plane crash Turkish plane crash : witnesses Investigators have found the flight data recorders from the plane .
They will be sent for expert analysis .
Emergency services spokeswoman Ineke van der Zande told an earlier news conference that six people were in a critical condition and 25 were severely wounded .
Another 24 passengers had suffered light injuries , she said , with the injuries of another 31 still to be determined .
She said 84 people altogether had been taken using 60 ambulances to 11 hospitals in the surrounding area .
Michel Bezuijen , mayor of the Haarlemmermeer municipality under which Schiphol airport falls , said the passenger list was being studied to establish the nationalities and identities of those on board .
" As far as I know there are no more passengers in the plane , " he said .
" We can not say anything about the cause at the moment .
The priority ... is providing help and care . "
Earlier , Candan Karlitekin , head of Turkish Airlines ' board of directors , told reporters in Turkey the plane had been properly maintained .
" We have checked the plane 's documents and there is no problem concerning maintenance , " he is quoted as saying by AP .
Turkish Transport Minister Binali Yildirim said it had been " a miracle " that there were not more casualties , AP reports .
" The fact that the plane landed on a soft surface and that there was no fire helped keep the number of fatalities low , " he said .
One passenger aboard the plane , Kerem Uzel , told Turkish news channel NTV that the plane 's landing had been announced when they were at an altitude of 600 m ( 2,000 ft ) .
" We suddenly descended a great distance as if the plane fell into turbulence .
The plane 's tail hit the ground ...
It slid from the side of the motorway into the field . "
White sheets Television footage from the scene showed rescue workers laying out white sheets on what appeared to be bodies .
How the Schiphol crash happened Making plane crashes less deadly Relatives of passengers who were waiting at the airport have been taken to a sports hall at a nearby village .
Airport spokeswoman Mirjam Snoerwang said Turkish Airlines had organised a special flight to Schiphol , due to arrive at 1710 GMT , for family members of those on the plane which crashed .
Tomas Friedhoff , a student who was cycling past the scene , told BBC News he had seen the plane appearing to glide through the air , having lost all propulsion , before hitting the ground .
" The plane was nose up and the tail section was at a 45 - degree angle .
The tail section broke down first , which broke off , " he said .
" And seconds after the crash people started exiting through the tail section ...
" I saw dozens of people making it out very quickly , and as I was about to dial 911 the first sirens were noticeable , and within five minutes there were 10 or 15 ambulances . "
Telecom worker Nikolai van der Smagt , who was driving past the airport moments after the crash , told BBC News he saw the plane lying in three pieces in a field just 60 m from the A9 motorway .
He said : " The first people were just getting off the plane and they looked confused .
There was a lot of dust , but no fire . "
All flights were suspended , but the airport has since re-opened .
The A9 motorway remains closed .
The last crash involving a Turkish Airlines plane was in 2003 , when at least 65 people died in an accident in eastern Turkey .
Schiphol airport has six runways and one major passenger terminal .
In 2007 , it handled 47 million passengers , ranking fifth in Europe .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots will be given a new lease of life under the PlayStation 3 ’s Platinum Range , Konami Digital Entertainment today revealed .
Due out on March 6 , the critically acclaimed stealth - action romp will be available for the reduced price of around GBP 24.99 – an absolute bargain for what is unequivocally one of the PlayStation 3 ’s biggest releases thus far .
For those of you who have yet to experience Snake ’s epic swansong , be sure to check out our review of the game here .
Elsewhere , Konami also detailed its release plans for the period February – April 2009 , confirming European launch dates for Silent Hill : Homecoming on PS3 ( February 27 ) , Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops / Silent Hill : Origins PSP doublepack ( March 20 ) and Rock Revolution for PS3 ( April ) .
Goldman Sachs wants to set the record straight .
The firm is holding a conference call today at 11 a.m. to " clarify certain misperceptions in the press regarding Goldman Sachs ' trading relationship with AIG , " according to a statement yesterday .
As readers an imagine , journalists and those in the markets have been swamped with rumors about Goldman 's relationship with AIG .
Many people will be attending the call to find out the details of Goldman 's trading relationship with AIG and what its exposure was .
Deal ...
The family of Natasha Richardson is reported to have taken her off life support Wednesday afternoon after a skiing accident left her brain dead .
Richardson was surrounded by family including her mother Vanessa Redgrave , aunt Lynn Redgrave , husband Liam Neeson and her two sons Michael 13 , and Daniel 12 .
Richardson was flown to New York yesterday to be close to family and friends .
Initial reports suggested that she was in a serious condition , although TMZ was alone in denying the reports .
With life support switched off , it ’s believed that she wo n’t last the night .
The counter - terrorism document will go into more detail than ever before
There is an increased risk terrorists could get hold of chemical , biological and nuclear weapons to attack the UK , the Home Office has said .
The assessment comes as Home Secretary Jacqui Smith unveiled a new UK strategy to tackle an evolved terrorist threat .
It warns failed states such as Iraq have made it easier to obtain materials for weapons such as dirty bombs .
Ms Smith said the threat is " severe " - meaning an attack is " highly likely " and " could happen without warning " .
Dirty bomb
The BBC's home affairs correspondent , Daniel Sandford , said chemical , biological , radiological and nuclear weapons " have always been something al - Qaeda have aspired to " but the report warns they are now within terrorists ' grasp .
" There is a concern now among officials in the Home Office that the chances of them getting hold of this material have increased in a world of failed states , in a world of easy availability of radiological material in hospitals and in a world of greatly increased smuggling of these kinds of materials . "
He added that the greatest concern was not over an attack by a nuclear warhead , but with a so - called dirty bomb which could contaminate a wide area and trigger panic .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Mr Sandford also said the report warned the al - Qaeda leadership " could well be killed or captured , but that does n't mean the threat would go away " because new groups and affiliates had sprung up that adhered to their ideology .
However , in one ray of optimism in the report , he said there was a suggestion the threat level could be down - graded over the coming year .
Ms Smith said to fight this evolved threat , the UK could not just rely on police and intelligence agencies .
She said " terrorists will try to stay one step ahead of us " and that counter - terrorism was " no longer something you can do behind closed doors and in secret " .
The home secretary said Whitehall needed " to enlist the widest possible range of support " , and the new UK terror strategy includes training 60,000 workers in vigilance for terrorist activity and what to do in an attack , among them shop and hotel workers .
TERROR THREAT LEVELS
Low - an attack is unlikely Moderate - an attack is possible but not likely Substantial - strong possibility of an attack Severe - an attack is highly likely Critical - an attack is expected imminently
Countering the terror threat
She added : " We 've made sure that we 've invested the resources , built the people - both in the police and in the agencies - and built the widest partnership necessary to give us the best chance of being able to deal with that threat . "
She told the BBC : " We can't tackle terrorism simply from Whitehall .
I do n't think tackling terrorism is simply something we can rely on our police and intelligence agencies to do , brilliant though they are - we need to enlist the widest possible range of support . "
Ms Smith said the " extremely broad - ranging " strategy would include : Training workers in counter - terrorism vigilance and response
Tackling anti-democratic extremist voices in the community
Supporting mainstream pro-democratic Muslim voices
Preventing access to internet information on setting up attacks
More funding for anti-terror police and intelligence resources
The new counter - terrorism document also talks about the need to " challenge those who reject the rights to which we are committed , scorn the institutions and values of our parliamentary democracy , dismiss the rule of law and promote intolerance " .
A senior Whitehall source said Muslim leaders who urged separation would be isolated and publicly rejected , even if their comments fell within the law .
We need to use all the powers of the mind and the tongue to challenge those who propagate a violent philosophy
Maajid Nawaz , Quilliam Foundation
That idea was backed by Maajid Nawaz - a former member of the Islamist group , Hizb ut - Tahrir - who now heads the counter - terrorism think - tank , the Quilliam Foundation .
Mr Nawaz told the BBC : " We as a government and a society have tolerated for too long people that have advocated a violent philosophy .
" Though they have n't lifted a finger themselves , that violent philosophy has then been adopted by others who have lifted a finger .
" The point I 'm making is that we need to not just use all the powers of law enforcement to stop those who are actively trying to harm civilians , but also we need to use all the powers of the mind and the tongue to challenge those who propagate a violent philosophy . "
But the Tories have said not enough action is being taken against extremists .
' Fresh thinking '
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " The horrific recent events in Mumbai have highlighted the need for fresh thinking in counter - terrorism - and the whole community needs to be involved in tackling the danger .
" No part of the UK is free from threat - and we know that terrorists want soft targets .
But we have argued strongly that the government is not doing enough to tackle the problem of individuals and groups in the UK who are fostering the hatred and extremism that lies behind the terrorist threat .
That really does have to change " .
The paper - called Contest Two - will update the Contest strategy developed by the Home Office in 2003 , which was later detailed in the Countering International Terrorism document released in 2006 .
By 2011 , Britain will be spending £ 3.5 bn a year on counter - terrorism , the Home Office has said .
The number of police working on counter - terrorism has risen to 3,000 from 1,700 in 2003 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When the surge in Iraq began in January 2007 , no one imagined that two years later Iraq would plan and conduct provincial elections with limited Coalition assistance and presence , that those elections would proceed smoothly and peacefully , and that the United Nations special envoy would be able to certify its legitimacy immediately .
Nor could anyone have dreamt that the news story would be not the smoothness and peacefulness of the polling , but its results and the prospects they offer for political progress in Iraq .
The security ...
In recent years , Bahais were forced to choose Islam , Christianity or Judaism in the religious denomination slot in order to receive identification documents .
Some of them went to court , arguing that they should be allowed to leave the ‘ religion ’ slot blank rather than choose a faith that is not theirs .
The move elicited the fury of Muslim conservatives who dissimssed Bahais as heretics and opposed any attempt to recognize the Bahai faith in official documents .
In Iran , Bahais face other aspects of persecution .
“ We greatly welcome the decision .
We are very pleased that this is the end of the legal battle , ” Soha Abdelaty , Deputy Director of Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , told The Times .
After years of legal hurdles , Egypt ’s High Administrative Court upheld a verdict granting the minority Bahai community the right to be themselves , at least when it comes to official documents .
Previously , several verdicts had been handed down in favor of Bahais , however , they were not implemented , which leaves many Bahais cautiously optimistic about today ’s ruling .
" What I hope is to see this verdict immediately implemented , " Wafaa Hindy , a Bahai woman told The Times .
" This verdict can mark the start of a new era , but we should not jump to conclusions until the verdict is enforced . "
There is no official record of the number of Bahais in Egypt ; however , they are estimated at 2000 .
" There is no community in the world that faced the civil death we have been facing ; our children cannot have birth certificates and we cannot have identification cards .
We are fed up , " Hindy said .
The Bahai faith emerged in Iran from the heart of Shiite Islam in the mid-19th century , founded by Bahaullah , whom adherents recognize as the most recent in a line of prophets , including Jesus and Muhammad .
The world ’s more than five million Baha ’is believe in one God and the unity of all major religions .
One of the remarkable tenets of their faith is the belief in continuous and progressive divine revelations .
According to Bahais , humanity will still receive more prophets .
— Noha El - Hennawy in Cairo
Photo :
The shrine of Bahaullah , founder of the Bahai faith in the Israeli city of Haifa , Credit : Bahai Media Bank / Nelson Ashberger
Hamas , the militant Palestinian organisation , attempted to conduct secret talks with the Israeli leadership in the protracted run-up to the recent war in Gaza - with messages being passed from the group at one stage through a member of prime minister Ehud Olmert 's family .
Confirmation of attempts to establish a direct line of communication between Hamas and Israel - and the willingness of senior figures in Hamas to contemplate direct negotiations - fundamentally alters the narrative of the build - up to the war in Gaza which claimed more than 1,300 Palestinian lives and led to about a dozen Israeli deaths .
Most remarkable is the story of the involvement of a member of the prime minister 's family in the passing of messages to Olmert about the case of the kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit .
Although the Observer is aware of the identity of the family member and full details of the role played , it has agreed to protect anonymity .
Gershon Baskin , a veteran Israel peace activist , was at the centre of attempts to open negotiations .
Baskin was in touch with senior members of Hamas , Israeli officials and Olmert , via the member of his family .
Over two years , from the kidnap of Shalit , which triggered Israel 's economic blockade of the Gaza Strip and its 1.5 million residents right up to the days before Israel launched its three - week long assault , Hamas officials expressed a willingness to talk to Israel directly about the kidnap , conditions for a new ceasefire and the ending of the blockade .
The motivation - from Hamas 's side - stemmed from a growing frustration with the role of Egypt as an intermediary over key issues between the two sides , especially in relation to ceasefires .
Baskin , who has a long background in encouraging Israeli - Palestinian contacts , believes that the failure to pursue the overtures was a lost opportunity that contributed to the outbreak of conflict .
" Three times since Shalit 's kidnapping [ in June 2006 during a cross border raid out of Gaza ] there has been the suggestion of opening a back channel through me .
The first time that Hamas suggested to me opening a secret back channel was not long after Shalit 's kidnapping . "
According to Baskin , that offer was immediately rejected by the office of Olmert who said Israel did not negotiate with terrorists .
His contacts , said Baskin , were two - fold .
On the Hamas side , his contact was a senior figure whom he met in Europe , who was close to the organisation 's leaderships both in the Syrian capital Damascus and the local leadership in Gaza .
His liaison with the Hamas official focused on two issues : opening secret and direct contacts , and linking the prisoner exchange for Shalit 's release to the renewal of the ceasefire and the ending of the economic siege on Gaza .
Baskin's " messenger " to Olmert on the Israeli side was the family member .
" I was getting messages to Olmert through [ this person ] .
And what I was getting back from Olmert through the same route was : ' We do n't negotiate with terrorists ' . "
As part of this communication , which went on sporadically for months , Hamas offered a video proving Shalit was still alive , which would be supplied , the organisation said , in exchange for the release of some women and other minor prisoners from Israeli jails .
Olmert 's response - said Baskin - was that they did not need the video as Israel had already established that the soldier was alive .
While that was rejected , the contact did , however , lead to a letter from Shalit to his father .
It was a channel of communication that was abruptly closed , allegedly when Israel 's domestic intelligence agency Shin Bet intercepted members of Hamas discussing the identity of the Olmert family member involved in passing on the messages , infuriating Olmert .
A year after the first contacts , Baskin told the Observer , he had been given approval to pursue an informal effort to open secret direct contacts , co-ordinating with Ofer Dekel , the official appointed by Olmert as his " special representative " to head efforts for Shalit 's return .
This time , however , it was Hamas 's turn to block the opening of the secret negotiations - rejecting the linking of the prisoner exchange with the cease - fire and the end of the siege .
Baskin persisted with his dealings with Hamas , communicating with his contact through scores of emails , some passed on to the leadership in Syria and Gaza .
While some hardliners , he readily admits , were not willing to initiate contacts - including Said Siam , the interior minister killed during Operation Cast Lead , and Mahmoud Zahar , who served as foreign minister - Baskin was able to reach other Hamas figures by email and text message - among them Hamas moderate and sometime spokesman Ghazi Hamad .
By now , Baskin admitted , his efforts to mediate between the two sides were largely his own initiative as he found himself increasingly shut out of the Israeli efforts to negotiate Shalit 's release .
He attempted too to use the Olmert " family member " .
Two years after his first contacts through the Olmert family - and with war looming - Baskin said he tried to use his contact again .
" I only involved [ the person ] one more time .
I was desperate to get a message to Olmert . "
This time , however , he was told bluntly that he would " need to find another messenger " .
He told the Observer : " At this point war had already been decided on . "
With the conflict only two weeks away Baskin arranged a meeting with his key Hamas contact in Europe , which resulted in another offer to link Shalit to the lifting of the blockade .
Nobody on the Israeli side replied to the final offer .
· This article was amended on Sunday March 8 2009 .
" The lifting of the ceasefire " in the article above should have read " lifting of the blockade " .
This has been corrected .
Jonah Hill , Paul Rudd , Seth Rogan , and Jason Segel , The Pretty Young Things
Thank you , Vanity Fair , for giving recognition to some of our favorite modern day comedians in your April 2009 issue .
From Seth Rogen 's Frida Kahlo to Russell Brand 's Charlie Chaplin , your all star celebrity photographers captured a new generation of comedy legends … ones we hope to see a lot more of .
( First picture inspired by a Vanity Fair March 2006 cover shot , shown directly below .
Both were photographed by Annie Leibovitz . )
Bill Hader , Anna Faris , Jason Bateman , and Leslie Mann , The Honeymooners ( Photographed by Norman Jean Roy . )
Amy Poehler and Will Arnett , The Accomplices ( Inspired by Bonnie Parker and Han Solo .
Photographed by Patrick Demarchelier . )
Danny McBride as , The Breakthrough ( Inspired by Jack Nicholson in The Shining .
Photographed by Mark Seliger . )
Russell Brand as The Comic ( Inspired by Charlie Chaplin .
Photographed by Mark Seliger . )
Jonah Hill , The Chopper ( Inspired by George Washington .
Photographed by Sam Jones . )
Paul Rudd , The Role Model ( Inspired by Young Frankenstein .
Photographed by Art Streiber . )
Jason Segel , The Loner ( Inspired by Buster Keaton .
Photographed by Norman Jean Roy . )
Seth Rogen , The Auteur ( Inspired by Frida Kahlo .
Photographed by Norman Jean Roy . )
Watch the Vanity Fair behind - the - scenes video for some more laughs .
And , if you dig the Judd Apatow posse , check some of them out in this Funny People ( July 31 ) movie trailer .
Vanity Fair website
Thanks , MATTstas , for the tip !
At a time when local law enforcement agencies are being forced to cut budgets and freeze hiring , cities across Southern California have found a growing source of income -- immigration detention .
Roughly two - thirds of the nation ’s immigrant detainees are held in local jails , and the payments to cities and counties for housing them have increased as the federal government has cracked down on illegal immigrants with criminal records and outstanding deportation orders .
Washington paid nearly $ 55.2 million to house detainees at 13 local jails in California in fiscal year 2008 , up from $ 52.6 million the previous year .
The U.S. is on track to spend $ 57 million this year .
The largest federal contract in the state is with the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department , whose 1,400 - bed detention center in Lancaster is dedicated to housing immigrants either awaiting deportation or fighting their cases in court .
The department received $ 34.7 million in 2008 , up from $ 32.3 million the previous year .
Advertisement
Some smaller cities have seen their income rise much faster .
Glendale received nearly $ 260,000 in 2008 , triple what it got the previous year .
In Alhambra , last year ’s $ 247,000 was more than double the previous year ’s payments .
For some cash - strapped cities , the federal money has become a critical source of revenue , covering budget shortfalls and saving positions .
Santa Ana ’s Police Department , for example , expects as much as a 15 % budget cut and has had a hiring freeze since October that has resulted in more than 60 sworn and civilian positions remaining vacant , Police Chief Paul Walters said .
To offset reductions , Walters plans to convert two multipurpose rooms at the 480 - bed jail into dormitory rooms this spring .
That will accommodate an additional 32 immigrant detainees , which he expects will bring in $ 1 million more in revenue each year .
He also hopes to get approval to raise the nightly price per detainee from $ 82 to $ 87 .
“ We treat [ the jail ] as a business , ” Walters said .
“ The cuts could have been much deeper if it were n’t for the ability to raise money there . ”
Advertisement
When Santa Ana received bond money to build a police headquarters and jail , it did so with the future in mind .
Rather than constructing a facility to house its own inmates , it built a much larger facility and soon started contracting with Orange County and state and federal governments .
The federal contracts cover nearly the entire cost of the jail , said Russell Davis , the jail administrator .
On a recent day , the jail housed 20 Santa Ana arrestees , 283 U.S. Marshals prisoners and 165 immigration detainees .
Some of the detainees , from Mexico , Vietnam , El Salvador and elsewhere , had landed in immigration custody after serving state prison sentences .
Others were arrested after ignoring deportation orders or because of criminal records that made them eligible for deportation .
The contract with the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency brought in more than $ 3.7 million in 2007 and $ 4.8 million last year .
If he had to do it all over again , Davis said , he would have built another floor on the jail .
Advertisement
The immigration agency “ is inundated with detainees , ” he said .
“ If I had 100 more beds , they ’d fill them . ”
Immigrant detainees stay in the local jails anywhere from a few hours to many months .
At most jails , they are not separated from the rest of the population .
Not everyone is as pleased as Davis over those arrangements .
Immigrant rights advocates have raised concerns about local jails not following federal detention standards and not segregating detainees from people suspected of committing crimes .
“ Immigration detention is civil , not criminal , ” said Ahilan Arulanantham , a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California .
“ If you are holding them in the same place , that distinction is meaningless . ”
Advertisement
Even though the cities may benefit financially , the savings do not get passed along to taxpayers , he said .
“ We ’re still paying for it , ” he said .
“ It ’s still a waste of resources to detain people who do not need to be detained . ”
Several of the foreign nationals housed in Santa Ana said they believed they should be let out on bond rather than incarcerated while fighting their immigration cases , especially if they had no criminal records or had already served their time .
Victor Hidalgo , 36 , finished a five - year sentence in state prison on a drug charge before being transferred into immigration custody .
Hidalgo , who is from Nicaragua , said he and others have jobs , families and homes here and are not a danger to society .
“ We ’re not national security risks , ” he said .
Advertisement
Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Virginia Kice said the jails that house detainees for more than 72 hours -- including in Santa Ana and Lancaster -- are subject to “ stringent detention standards ” and undergo inspection by a contracted company .
Other jails are inspected regularly by the immigration agency .
The federal contracts with local jails began about a decade ago but have expanded over the last few years .
The federal government operates some of its own detention centers and contracts with private companies to run others but relies heavily on the local jails .
The cost varies from around $ 80 to just over $ 100 per detainee per day , generally less expensive than the cost of housing detainees at federal immigration facilities .
“ These facilities enable us to place detainees at appropriate sites with minimal travel so we can begin the removal process quickly , ” Kice said .
Advertisement
In Southern California , the need for bed space became more pressing after the immigration agency closed the San Pedro detention center on Terminal Island in 2007 .
And in Northern California , where there is no dedicated immigration detention center , Santa Clara County began housing the detainees in 2003 .
“ It was a strategy to help us financially , ” said Edward Flores , chief of Santa Clara County ’s Department of Correction .
Those budget cuts have only gotten worse , with the county expecting $ 1.25 million less in fiscal year 2010 .
In turn , the federal contract has become even more important .
Flores said he expects to make up about half the expected deficit with federal contracts , both with the immigration agency and the U.S. Marshals Service .
He is also trying to negotiate a higher nightly rate .
Advertisement
The county received nearly $ 7 million to house detainees in 2008 .
“ We have become very reliant on this revenue , ” Flores said .
anna.gorman@latimes.com
Israeli warplanes bombed a Hamas security base in central Gaza tonight along with attacks on two other sites along the Egyptian border .
The hits centered around Hamas targets as the group attempts to put the finishing touches on its Egypt - brokered ceasefire with the Israeli government .
They came after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert promised a “ harsh and disproportionate ” response to a mortar attack near the border .
Yet the attacks appeared not to have come from Hamas , and indeed Israeli Military Intelligence Chief Amos Yadlin conceded that Hamas ‘ is respecting the ceasefire , ” which he attributed to the large number of people killed during the recent Israel attacks .
Instead the attacks on Israel are coming from rival factions , like the al - Qaeda linked Jihad and Tawhid Brigades , who carried out a bombing on January 27 .
Israel ’s strikes , rather than focusing on those factions , have seemingly exclusively targeted Hamas , and Defense Minister Ehud Barak has declared , even as Hamas is reportedly close to agreeing to a one - year ceasefire deal , that Israel will never sign any agreement with Hamas .
east european truck driver does a dance while driving down the motorway in a big rig JUST PLAN CRAZY .
As the online battle against file - sharers heats up with governments and ISPs forced into the arena , those opposed to being monitored are investigating counter - measures .
Soon the Pirate Bay team will introduce IPREDATOR , a service that promises to make global Internet users more anonymous than with existing VPN services .
As the entertainment industries turn their lobbying power towards ISPs and governments in their on - going battle against file - sharers , more and more people are looking at neutralizing the effects of monitoring and new legislation .
Many file - sharers already pay a few dollars each month for a VPN service .
This type of facility allows the user to protect his Internet connection with encryption while “ tunneling ’ data in privacy through the servers of a VPN provider , usually located in another country .
The user ’s ISP - designated IP address remains hidden , revealing only a second IP address provided by his VPN company .
This type of service hinders outsiders from finding the identity of an individual behind an IP address , while helping Internet users effectively side - step laws which may prove inconvenient or unpalatable in their home country .
For those who like to share files , one country set to introduce an extremely unpalatable law is Sweden .
Due to come into force in just over a week , the controversial Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement Directive ( IPRED ) legislation will make it easier for copyright holders to get their hands on the personal details of suspected illicit file - sharers .
But not if the crew of The Pirate Bay have anything to do with it .
Timed to coincide with the introduction of IPRED on April 1st 2009 , a brand new service designed to neutralize the effects of the law will be launched .
Dubbed ‘ IPREDATOR ’ , this brand new anonymity service from The Pirate Bay promises to make subscribers “ more anonymous ” than when using traditional VPN services .
Peter Sunde , aka brokep told TorrentFreak that the service is currently in beta and will be slowly opened to around 500 users .
When those users are experiencing the service bug - free , it will be opened up to everyone .
Fortunately the service wo n’t be limited to just Swedish users .
Brokep confirmed that anonymity will be available globally for a modest fee of around 5 euros ( $ 6.77 ) per month .
The weak link in any VPN / anonymity service is always their willingness ( or otherwise ) to hand over your customer data when pressured under the law .
However , with IPREDATOR this should not be an issue since the service is promising to keep no logs of user activity whatsoever .
Anyone who would like to participate in the beta should sign up here .
Stay tuned for further updates .
This is one of the better New Rules segments I 've seen from Maher in a while .
He ends it with channeling Michael Moore with his criticism of insurance companies in this diatribe on the Republicans and their anti-government rhetoric and love of the private sector .
Maher :
The thing is that endless variety only exists because Americans pay taxes to a government which maintains roads , irrigates fields , over sees the electrical grid and everything else but enables the modern American supermarket to carry forty seven varieties of frozen breakfast pastries .
Of course it 's easy to tear government down .
Ronald Reagan used to say the nine most terrifying words in the English language were " I 'm from the government and I 'm here to help " .
But that was before " I'm Sarah Palin , now show me the launch codes " .
You know the stimulus package was attacked as typical tax and spend , you know like repairing bridges is left wing stuff .
Ooh there the liberals go again .
Always wanting to get across the river .
Folks , the people are the government .
The first responders who put out your fires .
That 's your government .
The ranger who shoos pedophiles out of the bathroom .
The postman who delivers your porn .
I mean how stupid is it when people say " Oh yeah that 's all we need .
The federal government telling Detroit how to make cars , or Wells Fargo how to run a bank .
You want them to look like the Post Office ? "
Yeah .
Actually .
You mean .. you mean the place that takes a note in my hand in L.A. on Monday and gives it to my sister in Jersey on Wednesday for forty two cents ?
Well let me be the first to say I would be thrilled if America 's health care system was anywhere near as functional as the Post Office .
The truth is , recent years have made me much more wary of government doing the opposite .
Of stepping aside and letting unregulated private enterprise run things it is plainly too greedy to trust with , like Wall Street , like rebuilding Iraq .
Like the way Republicans always frame the health care debate by saying health care decisions should be made by doctors and patients , not government bureaucrats .
Leaving out the fact that health decisions are n't made by doctors , patients or bureaucrats .
They 're made by insurance companies .
Insurance companies .
Which are a lot like hospital gowns .
Chances are your ass is n't covered .
In his Wall Street Journal article from March 11 , 2009 , former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan rejects the idea that the Fed ’s low - interest - rate policy between December 2000 and June 2004 fueled the housing bubble , which in turn laid the foundation for the current economic crisis .
( The federal funds rate was lowered from 6.5 % in December 2000 to 1 % by June 2003 .
It was kept at 1 % until June 2004 when the rate was raised by 0.25 % . )
Greenspan holds that what matters for the housing market is long - term and not short - term interest rates .
The Fed , however , does n’t control long - term rates , argues the former Fed chairman .
According to Greenspan , the decline in long - term rates and mortgage rates took place while the Fed had been tightening its interest - rate stance .
The federal - funds - rate target was raised from 1 % in June 2004 to 4.25 % in December 2005 .
Yet in June 2005 the yield on the 10 - year Treasury note fell to 3.92 % from 4.58 % in June 2004 .
The 30 - year fixed - mortgage rate closed at 5.58 % in June 2005 against 6.29 % in June 2004 .
How in the world , asks Greenspan , can the Fed be blamed for the housing bubble and the current economic crisis ?
Who , then , is to blame for this fall in long - term interest rates and for the present economic crisis ?
According to Greenspan , the culprit is the savings glut from emerging economies , such as China .
This glut of savings was channeled to long - term US Treasuries and other US financial assets thereby depressing their yields , argues the former Fed chairman .
Ben Bernanke concurs .
In his speech at the Council on Foreign Relations on March 10 , 2009 he said ,
Like water seeking its level , saving flowed from where it was abundant to where it was deficient , with the result that the United States and some other advanced countries experienced large capital inflows …
What Greenspan and Bernanke call “ savings ” is nothing more than the amount of US dollars that emerging economies accumulated .
The accumulation of these dollars by emerging economies cannot increase the pool of dollars .
The accumulated dollars are part of the existing pool of US money .
When a Chinese exporter sells goods to an American importer , he is paid with dollars .
This means that the ownership of dollars is changed here , not their quantity .
With all other things being equal , a sustained decline in long - term yields requires an increase in the pool of dollars .
The increase in the pool of dollars means that more American dollars will be employed as the medium of exchange .
As a result , the prices of goods and assets move higher , while yields on assets are pushed lower .
However , if the accumulated dollars of emerging economies are only invested in US Treasuries , then it is tempting to suggest that a sustained fall in long - term rates without an expansion in the pool of dollars is possible .
We suggest that this is highly unlikely .
If the pool of dollars remains unchanged while the quantity of goods and assets continues to expand , then this will lead to the fall in the average price .
( Remember , a price is the number of dollars per unit of a good or asset . )
This means that explicit and implicit yields will come under upward pressure .
( As a result , investors from emerging markets are likely to shift their funds from less - yielding Treasuries to a higher - yielding asset if the pool of dollars remains fixed , thus pushing yields on Treasuries higher . )
It is only the monetary policy of the Fed  and not the accumulation of dollars by emerging economies  that can set in motion changes in the pool of dollars .
Hence , the fall in long - term interest rates and mortgage rates has to be the result of the Fed ’s loose monetary stance .
If what we are saying is valid , then how are we to reconcile the fact that in 2005 long - term rates had been falling while the Fed was tightening its stance ?
Historically , the 30 - year fixed - mortgage rate and the federal funds rate have had a tendency to display a very good visual correlation .
This does n’t mean that the correlation is perfect  a discrepancy in the movements between the federal funds rate and long - term rates can occur .
The emergence of a discrepancy does n’t imply that suddenly the Fed ’s policies have nothing to do with the housing bubble or boom - bust cycles .
( Recall that , because of a discrepancy during June 2004 and June 2005 between the federal funds rate and long - term rates , Greenspan has concluded that his loose monetary policy between December 2000 and June 2004 had nothing to do with the housing bubble . )
Various discrepancies between the movement in the federal funds rate and the mortgage rate are the result of a variable time - lag effect from changes in monetary policy on various markets .
Because of the variable time lag , a situation can emerge where long - term rates may ease despite the central bank ’s tighter interest - rate stance .
Despite a tighter - interest - rate stance , the previous loose - interest - rate stance may still dominate economic activity .
Consequently , in order to maintain a given interest - rate target in the midst of still strong economic activity , the Fed may be forced to push more money into the economy to prevent the federal funds rate from overshooting the target .
( For instance , an increase in the federal funds rate from 1 % to 2 % is a tighter stance , yet the 2 % rate can still be too low  strong economic activity pushes the federal funds rate above the target . )
As a result , more money becomes available for financial markets , which puts downward pressure on long - term rates , all other things being equal .
In November 2004 , the yearly rate of growth of the Fed ’s balance sheet jumped to 6.9 % from 4.3 % in June 2004 .
Note that this increase in the pace of monetary pumping took place while the federal - funds - rate target was lifted from 1 % in June to 2 % in November .
Also note that between December 2004 and June 2005 the average yearly rate of growth of Fed assets stood at a still - elevated 6 % .
Contrary to Greenspan and other commentators , we suggest that what sets in motion a boom - bust cycle is not a boom in a particular market such as the housing market but the increase in money supply out of “ thin air . ”
Now let us say that the dollars accumulated by emerging economies were to be invested solely in Treasuries .
While this might push long - term interest rates temporarily lower , all other things being equal , it is not going to set in motion a boom - bust cycle as long as the pool of US dollars remains unchanged .
If , as a result of lower interest rates , too many dollars are invested in the housing market , it means that fewer dollars are invested in other goods .
As a result , the housing market will become overvalued while other goods will become undervalued .
This will set in motion an outflow of money from the housing market to other markets .
In our writings we have shown that the main source of boom - bust cycles is the Fed itself .
Thus , by aggressively lowering interest rates between December 2000 and June 2004  and accompanying this with monetary pumping  the Fed set in motion an economic boom .
The boom gave rise to various nonproductive ( bubble ) activities that emerged on the back of the loose monetary stance of the Fed .
The increase in money supply led to the diversion of real funding from wealth - generating activities toward various nonproductive activities .
( Note that these activities cannot stand on their own  they cannot fund themselves .
They are funded by diverting  by means of new money created “ out of thin air ”  real savings from wealth - generating activities . )
From June 2004 through September 2007 , the Fed adopted a tighter stance , which slowed the diversion of real funding to nonproductive activities .
As a result of this , various nonproductive activities came under pressure .
( Without real funding , these activities are forced to go under . )
Now , when money is injected , it does n’t instantly affect all the activities in an economy .
The money starts with the first recipients and then moves to other recipients .
It moves from one market to another market  there is a time lag .
This means that various nonproductive ( bubble ) activities are spread across all the markets  the boom is everywhere .
Once the Fed tightens its stance it starts a bust , and this weakens various nonproductive activities across all the markets .
The severity of the bust is dictated by the size of the boom .
( The percentage of nonproductive activities  the product of the boom  determines the severity of an economic bust in a particular sector of the economy . )
It follows , then , that a bubble in a particular market cannot emerge without the preceding increases in money supply .
This in turn means that a bubble cannot emerge without a preceding loosening of monetary policy , which means it cannot occur without money pumping by the Fed .
Hence , what matters for the economic boom , i.e. , the emergence of bubbles , is the creation of money “ out of thin air ” and not the level of long - term interest rates .
Contrary to Greenspan , we can conclude that it is not long - term rates as such that fueled the bubble but the loose monetary policy of the Fed .
We can also conclude that the so - called savings glut in emerging economies had nothing to do with the last economic boom or the current economic crisis .
The only institution that can set in motion the expansion of money and a false boom is the Fed .
This article first appeared on Mises.org .
March 20 , 2009
The Best of Frank Shostak
President Medvedev wants to increase the combat readiness of Russian forces Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has said Moscow will begin a comprehensive military rearmament from 2011 .
Mr Medvedev said the primary task would be to " increase the combat readiness of [ Russia 's ] forces , first of all our strategic nuclear forces " .
Explaining the move , he cited concerns over Nato expansion near Russia 's borders and regional conflicts .
Last year , the Kremlin set out plans to increase spending on Russia 's armed forces over the next two years .
Russia will spend nearly $ 140 bn ( £ 94.5 bn ) on buying arms up until 2011 .
Higher oil revenues in recent years have allowed the Kremlin to increase the military budget , analysts say .
But prices have averaged $ 40 a barrel in 2009 compared with $ 100 last year .
Outdated equipment
In his first address to a defence ministry meeting in his capacity as supreme commander , Mr Medvedev said considerable sums are being channelled towards developing and purchasing modern military equipment .
Inside Russia 's military Send us your comments " Despite the financial problems we have to cope with today , the size of these sums has remained virtually the same as planned . "
Analysts say the brief war in Georgia exposed problems with outdated equipment and practices within Russia 's armed forces and led to calls for military modernisation .
President Medvedev 's remarks also appear significant for what they say about the diplomatic game between Moscow and the new administration in the United States , says the BBC's James Rodgers in Moscow .
Both sides are looking for a solution to issues - such as US missile defence plans in Europe - which bitterly divided the Kremlin and the White House during the Bush administration .
Neither , though , seems willing simply to abandon previously - held positions , our correspondent adds .
The Russian Security Council is currently developing a new military doctrine which is expected to reflect current and forthcoming international developments , including any changes Nato may set out this year , missile defence deployments and WMD proliferation .
" The Security Council will approve Russia 's national security strategy until 2020 in the near future , " President Medvedev said .
Watch Tim Whewell 's films on the Russian military on Newsnight on Tuesday 17 March and Wednesday 18 March , 2009 at 2230 on BBC Two .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
United States
Chris Wallace struggled to rein in an unruly Trump at first debate
With a pugilistic President Donald Trump relentlessly interrupting his opponent , Joe Biden , Wallace repeatedly struggled Tuesday to keep the proceedings coherent , reduced at times to pleading with the president to pause and allow his opponent to speak .
I remained amazed concerning the mass hysteria of my chosen profession in times of adjustment .
Why do we even talk of " depression economics " as if the lessons of economic science drastically change ?
Would it makes sense to talk of " depression physics " or " depression biology " ?
Would n't the teachings of physics and biology have a more universal claim ?
To admit that institutions matter --- political / legal / cultural context --- is not to say that the principles of economics are transformed .
Those principles transcend time and place , but the manifestation of those principles in action are context dependent .
The basic teachings of economics do not go out the window because governments are engaging in fiscally irresponsible behavior and pursuing expansionary monetary policy and regulating and even nationalizing industries .
In fact , it is the teachings of economics in that context that allows us to predict the results of such a policy path .
So here are some words from great economic teachers over the years to contemplate as my professional peers decide to collectively loose their heads and make arguments for nationalization , for inflation , for deficits , for collectivism , etc .
Adam Smith , The Wealth of Nations ( University of Chicago Press , 1976 ) : Book IV , Chapter V , pp. 49-50 :
“ The natural effort of every individual to better his own condition , when suffered to exert itself with freedom and security , is so powerful a principle , that it is alone , and without any assistance , not only capable of carrying on the society to wealth and prosperity , but of surmounting a hundred impertinent obstructions with which the folly of human laws too often incumbers its operations . ”
F. A. Hayek , The Constitution of Liberty ( University of Chicago Press , 1960 ) , p. 228 :
“ A free system can adapt itself to almost any set of data , almost any general prohibition or regulation , so long as the adjusting mechanism itself is kept functioning .
And it is mainly changes in prices that bring about the necessary adjustments .
This means that , for it to function properly , it is not sufficient that the rules of law under which it operates be general rules , but their content must be such that the market will work tolerably well . ”
F. A. Hayek , The Constitution of Liberty ( University of Chicago Press , 1960 ) , p. 332 :
“ … the stimulating effects of inflation must cease to operate unless its rate is progressively accelerated and that as it proceeds , certain unfavorable consequences of the fact that complete adaptation is impossible become more and more serious .
The most important of these is that the methods of accounting on which all business decisions rest make sense only so long as the value of money is tolerably stable .
With prices rising at an accelerating rate , the techniques of capital and cost accounting that provide the basis for all business planning would soon lose all meaning . ”
James Buchanan and Richard Wagner , Democracy in Deficit ( Academic Press , 1977 ) , p. 56 :
“ Sober assessment suggests that , politically , Keynesianism may represent a substantial disease , one that can , over the long run , prove fatal for a functioning democracy . ”
Henry Simons , Simons ' Syllabus ( Center for the Study of Public Choice , 1983 ) , p. 3 :
" Academic economics is primarily useful , both to the student and to the political leader , as a prophylactic against popular fallacy . "
Ludwig von Mises , Human Action ( Henry Regnery , 1966 ) , p. 885 :
" The body of economic knowledge is an essential element in the structure of human civilization ; it is the foundation upon which modern industrialism and all the moral , intellectual , technological , and therapeutical achievements of the last centuries have been built .
It rests with men whether they will make the proper use of the rich tresure with which this knowledge provides them or whether they will leave it unused .
But if they fail to take the best advantage of it and disregard its teachings and warnings , they will not annul economics ; they will stamp out society and the human race . "
If you so choose , take these words to heart and mind .
Realize the power of the market to utilize self - interest , to coordinate dispersed information , to spur entrepreneurial discoveries of better opportunities for exchange , better ways to build existing products , and new products that can satisfy our wants more effectively .
Realize the inefficiency of government control with the crowding out of wealth creating investment , the systemic errors produced by knowledge problems , the unleashing of vested interests in the race for privileges , and the governmental habit of deficits , debts and debasement .
Take up your task as an economist and teach the basic principles of the discipline from Smith and Hume , to Hayek and Buchanan , with Say , Bastiat , Ricardo , Mises and Friedman in between .
Resist the popular fallacies of Malthus , Marx , Veblen , Keynes , Samuelson , and Galbraith .
Extraordinary times call for ORDINARY ECONOMICS , keep your head , teach the discipline , and hope that political leaders will come to heed Mises 's words .
They cannot eliminate the teachings of economics , but they can make its worst predictions come true .
Professional sportsmen and women face having to register every bet they make under stringent reforms intended to root out corrupt gambling .
In the past 17 months , the industry watchdog the Gambling Commission has investigated 47 cases of alleged match - fixing and illegal betting on British sporting events , The Independent has learnt .
The governing bodies of football , tennis , cricket , horse racing and other sports are discussing with ministers plans for tough new regulations which they hope will stamp out what they consider to be " as great a risk to the integrity of sport as doping " .
One senior official explained the threat to the country 's most popular spectator events , saying : " Football , rugby and cricket do n't have a doping problem , but they know they have serious gambling problems . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
British sporting officials have privately voiced concerns to the Government about insider betting .
The Sports minister , Gerry Sutcliffe , will take the lead in negotiations with the governing bodies and the Gambling Commission to combat the threat .
A spokesman for the commission told The Independent that horse racing , football and snooker accounted for most of the match - fixing allegations , but it was widely accepted that cricket and tennis are among the other susceptible disciplines .
A " golden decade " lies ahead for British sport : London will host the 2012 Olympics , Glasgow has the 2014 Commonwealth Games and England is bidding to host the 2018 World Cup .
But administrators fear these events could be undermined by a major betting scandal of the type seen abroad .
In 2000 , the South Africa cricket captain Hansie Cronje admitted taking a £ 68,000 payment from bookmakers for providing them with match information to fix the results of games .
He was banned from the sport for life , and later died in a plane crash .
The Football Association 's current investigations include a match between Accrington Stanley and Bury in May last year , which led to reports of irregular betting patterns .
It is also trying to establish who profited from a £ 1 m punt on a non-league fixture between Weymouth and Rushden & Diamonds last month , when Weymouth fielded their reserve team and lost 9- 0 .
However , the FA faces an uphill struggle .
In October , it began investigating a Championship match between Derby and Norwich following an alleged Asian betting sting .
But it was forced to halt the inquiry because it has no jurisdiction outside the UK and could not establish who was behind the bets , which were all placed overseas .
As one senior sports executive said last night : " A major betting scandal in any of our sports would be toxic for Britain 's reputation .
Complacency is not an option . "
Punters across the globe flock to bet on British sport because it has a reputation for integrity and fairness .
A range of strict new measures is proposed , such as random checks on betting firms ' books to seek evidence of improper wagers , and monitoring all betting activity by professional sportspeople .
It could become mandatory for an athlete to be listed in a commission register – to be shared with gambling operators – that would trigger an investigation any time he placed a bet in contravention of his sport 's rules , either with a traditional bookie or online .
No such monitoring is in place now .
Sport and gambling have long been bedfellows .
Footballers were renowned as punters long before the 1970s quip that " if Stan Bowles could pass a bookie like he could pass a ball , he would have had no worries " .
The existing rules do not forbid footballers from betting on football matches per se – only those they are involved in .
Jockeys are banned from betting on all horse racing , while trainers can back their own horse to win , but not to lose .
The sporting authorities will tell Mr Sutcliffe that they should have a greater say in what bets a bookmaker can offer , arguing that " high - risk markets " – which can be manipulated by just one person 's actions – invite malpractice .
Examples include the number of double - faults a tennis player will serve , eliciting a booking in football , or being run out in cricket .
It is currently possible to bet on all of these .
No one knows the extent of corrupt betting in British sport , but the Gambling Commission told The Independent that in just 17 months it received 47 notifications of betting patterns that were sufficiently irregular that they may lead the commission to consider voiding a bet .
Of those , 35 involved betting firms notifying governing bodies of irregularities ; the other 12 were a mix of governing bodies asking bookmakers to look at incidents , or the commission asking bookmakers to act on independent " intelligence " .
Not all suspicious cases will be officially reported .
The Independent understands , for example , that every season the FA begins inquiries into " about five or six " cases of what could widely be termed " gambling - related malpractice " .
Most of these are not reported to the Gambling Commission and are closed , perhaps after a warning to a player not to bet on his own team .
Rarer cases of concern involve insiders betting with prior knowledge of a likely defeat or another specific incident , such as a red card .
These are complex and the FA 's investigations – at least one of which is ongoing – are long and secretive .
Tim Payton , a spokesman for a coalition of governing bodies that includes football , cricket and horse racing , among others , said : " Match fixing is as great a risk to the integrity of sport as doping .
That is why the sports have been campaigning for greater regulation of sports betting for some time .
" We are encouraged that [ Mr Sutcliffe ] has responded positively to our suggestion that we work with his department and the Gambling Commission to review and strengthen the arrangements that are in place .
British sport has a good reputation and wants to keep it that way .
The budget for the UK 's anti-doping programme has just increased to £ 8 m a year .
This includes a huge testing programme which has a considerable deterrent effect as participants know they face a high chance of being detected .
The same rigour needs to be applied to match fixing . "
The Wall Street Journal has given notice to its in - house library / research staff that they are being let go .
From Editor and Publisher mag :
The library cutback is part of a 14 - person newsroom job reduction announced last week by the Journal , which also includes news assistant Ed Ramos in the library .
Norman and Ramos plan to remain on the job until at least March 23 , the memo stated .
Asked to comment on the library closing and Norman ’s memo , Journal Spokesman Robert Christie stated in an e-mail to EandP : “ Yes , we are closing the library .
It is regrettable .
Our reporters do have access to multiple databases including Factiva and this migration to digital databases as you has been happening for many years . ”
In other words , the Journal is saying that its journalists are now going to have to rely on the Internet for their fact checking .
Sounds like even the voice of capitalism can’t handle the truth anymore .
The full article is here .
Share this : Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
Just hours ago The Pirate Bay and Piratbyrån held a joint press conference at the Museum of Technology in Stockholm .
It was broadcasted live on the web and Pirate Bay co-founders Peter Sunde and Gottfrid Svartholm spoke at length .
Here is a breakdown of some of the key points .
The joint press conference was held mainly in Swedish and there was very little English .
The media present had applied for invitations , and some representatives from the media had already been banned from attending by The Pirate Bay .
Those in attendance were told that they should be courteous , which they were .
Sitting at the top table from left to right were Rasmus Fleischer of Piratbyrån , Sara Sajjad of Piratbyrån , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg ( aka Anakata ) , Peter Sunde ( aka Brokep ) and Magnus Eriksson of Piratbyrån .
Fredrik Neij ( TiAMO ) and the fourth defendant Carl Lundström were not at the table .
Spectrial Press Conference ( pic credit )
First off , they said that the whole case can be best described as a theater play and that all the people involved are potential actors .
They vowed to make a reality TV - show of the whole trial , in fact Rasmus Fleischer has written the prologue for the show already .
It ’s a Spectrial , and they are happy to play along .
As soon as the cameras stopped flashing , the panel took questions from the media that was present .
The Pirate Bay said that they feel that their overall case would not end quickly , implying legal appeals and were defiant that no matter what happens to them , the site will continue .
“ What are they going to do ?
They have already failed to take the site down once .
Let them fail again , ” said Gottfrid .
It is n’t the site facing the courts noted Peter Sunde .
“ It has its own life without us , ” he said .
The Pirate Bay team said that although they face huge financial claims , they were n’t going to be intimidated , with Gottfrid declaring , “ I already have more debt in Sweden than I will ever be able to pay off .
I do n’t even live here .
They are welcome to send me a bill .
I will frame it and put it on the wall . ”
Peter went on to explain there was no basis for the massive financial claims .
“ It does not matter if they require several million or one billion .
We are not rich and have no money to pay , ” he said .
“ They wo n’t get a cent . ”
When asked if it was ok to download media without paying for it , Peter deemed the question to be “ uninteresting ” and said he was tired of hearing it .
A member of the media then posed this question : “ Do you feel like defendants , or defenders of technology ? ”
Peter responded : “ I think it is something in between actually .
We have a personal liability for this , we have a personal risk which has some impact on our feelings .
But definitely it ’s not defending the technology , it ’s more like defending the idea of the technology and that ’s probably the most important thing in this case – the political aspect of letting the technology be free and not controlled by an entity which does n’t like technology . ”
Gottfrid added that the prosecutor of the case seems to focus a lot on the individuals in the case .
“ At least one fourth of the evidence is character assassination of the people involved , ” he said .
Peter went on to explain that when he was arrested the police did n’t immediately start questioning him about site , rather his motivation .
“ When I had my only hearing with the police the first question was if I wanted to explain my ideology and my politics , not if I was involved in The Pirate Bay , which kind of sets the tone for all of this . ”
The site ’s finances were brought up , with the pair saying they started it and keep it going through advertising revenue , although the pair do n’t make any money themselves .
A reporter from the BBC asked what the on - going maintenance costs of The Pirate Bay amount to .
Peter responded , “ So , the costs for Pirate Bay , I do n’t actually do n’t have any numbers for it .
We use quite a lot of bandwidth and we have to buy new servers every other week . ”
Gottfrid said that the tracker itself uses an average of 600 mbits of bandwidth which increases further at weekends .
He also revealed that their current hardware has to be replaced once a year and is currently estimated to be worth $ 120,000 , therefore it is depreciating at the rate of $ 10,000 each month .
Towards the end of the conference the pair were asked for their assessment of the way they have been handled by the press .
“ Well , that ’s a very interesting question , ” said Peter .
“ There are some members of the press who we do n’t like so we did n’t invite them today and they are very mad at us . ”
Peter did n’t mention them by name at this point , but they were Aftonbladet , Metro and TV4 .
He explained the problem he has with these publications ;
“ They are just interested in doing something spectacular instead of actually discussing the issues .
The media that are not invited today are basically the media that have not been negative , but lying instead and keeping things from the public . ”
“ We do n’t have a problem with negative press , ” Peter continued .
“ There are a lot of people in this room who do n’t like us and we do n’t really care about that as long as they discuss the issues .
But I would say that most of the press have been very good towards us actually , in discussing more and more the issues surrounding The Pirate Bay instead of focusing on us as persons , which is what we actually want . ”
The trial starts tomorrow and of course , Torrent Freak will keep everyone updated , but in the meantime , a thought - provoking comment from Peter ;
“ I do not believe The Pirate Bay will be a major player in five years .
But I think BitTorrent technology will improve .
File sharing will always exist .
I think people will tire of the debate . ”
Update : More goodies at Spectrial .
Two pilots have died in a plane crash at Tokyo's Narita airport .
The FedEx cargo plane , en route from China , exploded into a ball of flames when one of its wings clipped the ground while attempting to land in high winds just before 9am this morning ( Melbourne time ) .
Public broadcaster NHK says the pilots are US citizens .
They were reportedly the only two people aboard the plane .
The plane was on a regular flight from Guangzhou , China .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp Chief Executive Rick Wagoner will resign from the top job at the struggling automaker , a person familiar with the matter said on Sunday , just a day before the U.S. government makes a key announcement on whether it will extend more aid .
General Motors Chairman and CEO Rick Wagoner addresses the media during a news conference at GM world headquarters in Detroit February 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
The person , who declined to be identified because the decision has not been made public yet , did not provide further detail .
Wagoner came under fire for his stewardship of GM late last year when U.S. lawmakers debated a bailout for the automaker .
He had repeatedly said that he intended to stay on , and GM ’s board has offered unanimous support for him .
A GM spokesman declined comment .
GM , which has lost about $ 82 billion since 2005 , has been kept afloat since the start of the year with $ 13.4 billion in emergency loans from the U.S. Treasury .
The automaker has failed to clinch needed concessions from bondholders and the United Auto Workers union that government officials had set as targets to justify further government aid .
GM is seeking another $ 16.6 billion in U.S. government funding and has said it needs new lending as soon as next month to avoid a cash crisis .
U.S. President Barack Obama said in an interview broadcast on Sunday that GM and smaller rival Chrysler had not done enough yet to become “ lean , mean and competitive ” under federal oversight .
Obama is expected to announce additional aid and conditions for such assistance for GM and Chrysler on Monday .
It was not immediately clear if U.S. officials had played a role in Wagoner ’s resignation , but Obama last week cited mismanagement “ over the last several years ” in the auto industry , a point that hit Wagoner hardest since his counterparts at Ford and Chrysler are new to the business and their companies .
GM has been in talks with its bondholders to reduce by two - thirds the roughly $ 27 billion in debt that they hold .
GM and advisers to its bondholders have exchanged proposals on a debt restructuring , but have made little progress toward a deal .
After GM reported a $ 15.5 billion loss in the second quarter of last year , the automaker ’s leading outside director , George Fisher made a rare public expression of confidence and said that the board still believed Wagoner and his management team were “ the right guys ” to lead GM .
GM shares have fallen almost 95 percent since 2000 , when Wagoner took over as chief executive .
Web site logical path : [ www.psy.gla.ac.uk] [ ~ steve ] [ this page ] [ wikiP entry ]
This began as my own notes ; but over time I have taken stuff from others .
Particularly important contributions from Morag Nimmo , Stephen Senn , the various workers on the wikiPedia entry on the Hawthorne effect , and Graeme Campbell .
These are notes : a starting point for others that might be helpful , because I could n't find an authority on this and had to put together some points for myself .
I 'm not an expert on this .
Most people want to address the point that sometimes the fact that researchers are studying some human participants makes the latter behave differently ( thus undermining the experiment ) .
This effect is sometimes called the Hawthorne effect , but only on one interpretation of the actual Hawthorne studies ( see below ) .
It is called a number of other things e.g. novelty effect , demand characteristics , etc .
While the Hawthorne studies , and the ensuing discussion of them , were one thing that draw attention to this broad area , I now think they have no special or clear place in how to think about the range of issues .
Instead , I think the following are the most important categories of factors affecting experiments with human participants .
There are three very broad categories of factors which affect human behaviour ( whether or not we want them to in a given study ) :
Material factors e.g. lighting level , physiological changes , money offered us .
Direct social effects e.g. legal obligations , wanting to please someone else .
( These should not be confused with the many more cases where we derive information socially from others which changes our behaviour , but which was not given to us in order to manipulate us . )
A large middle ground of cognitive issues , where behaviour is changed by what we want , what we do and do n't know , what we guess ( i.e. beliefs with some , but not certain , grounds ) .
Within this probably the three most often problematic areas in experiments are : Participants ' interpretation of the context they are in : how they understand what is said to them , and what task is being asked of them .
Researchers frequently do not realise how each participant has understood the meaning of what they are asked to do .
Expectancies : beliefs about the appropriateness and / or effect of doing something in one particular way .
E.g. a simple instruction " walk across the room " is in fact massively under - specified : fast or slow ?
carefully or while talking to someone else ?
... Learning effects .
Humans learn all the time , whether they mean to or not .
Scientific experiments have value only if they are repeatable : clearly this is very often in conflict with the fact of human learning , so that each person seldom does something exactly the same way twice .
Within this , two things which stimulate unintended learning most often within experiments are : Feedback ( learning can depend on the availability of feedback , i.e. on knowing the consequences of one 's actions )
Reflection ( learning can depend on being prompted to reflect , to think about feedback and about memories of one 's actions ) .
The issue of diverse meanings is partly exemplified in , but even then only from the one angle of organisational psychology :
Olson , R. , Verley , J. , Santos , L. & Salas , C. ( 1994 ) " What we teach students about the Hawthorne studies : A review of content within a sample of introductory I - O and OB textbooks " The Industrial - Organizational Psychologist vol.41 no.3 pp.23-39
One definition of the Hawthorne effect ( out of a number ) is :
An experimental effect in the direction expected but not for the reason expected ; i.e. a significant positive effect that turns out to have no causal basis in the theoretical motivation for the intervention , but is apparently due to the effect on the participants of knowing themselves to be studied in connection with the outcomes measured .
Parsons ( 1974 ) p.930 defined it as : " Generalizing from the particular situation at Hawthorne , I would define the Hawthorne Effect as the confounding that occurs if experimenters fail to realize how the consequences of subjects ' performance affect what subjects do " .
( However this is just an effect of motivation and learning , and scarely needs a new term .
The universal propensity of humans to learn is a constant threat in almost every experiment on people . )
A short way to refer to the Hawthorne effect is : French , J.R.P. ( 1953 ) " Experiments in field settings " ch.3 pp.98-135 in Festinger , L. , & Katz , D. Research methods in the behavioral sciences ( New York : Holt , Rinehart & Winston ) .
[ This is the paper that coined the term " Hawthorne effect " and discusses it in the context of research methods . ] or Mayo , E. ( 1933 )
The human problems of an industrial civilization ( New York : MacMillan ) ch.3 .
[ This is the earliest publication about it , and the one influential in the human resource management field ( as opposed to research methods ) . ] or Roethlisberger , F.J. & Dickson , W.J. ( 1939 ) Management and the Worker ( Cambridge , Mass. : Harvard University Press ) .
[ This is the first detailed account of the actual studies , as opposed to conclusions from them . ] or perhaps Gillespie , Richard , ( 1991 ) Manufacturing knowledge : a history of the Hawthorne experiments ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press )
The longer way is :
The studies were done 1924 - 1933 ( although the phrase " Hawthorne effect " only appeared in 1953 ) .
Roethlisberger & Dickson ( 1939 ) give a great amount of detail , and little interpretation .
Mayo ( 1933 ) gives a shorter account , and additionally the interpretation which has been so influential in the management field : essentially , that it was feeling they were being closely attended to which was the cause of the improvements in performance .
French ( 1953 ) coined the term , and is probably responsible for seeing it as a general issue in experimental methodology .
Clearly the variables the experimenters manipulated were not the only nor the dominant causes of productivity .
One interpretation , mainly due to Mayo , was that the important effect here was the feeling of being studied : it is this which is now often being referred to as " the Hawthorne effect " .
Illumination studies pp.14-18 ( part of ch.1 ) of Roethlisberger & Dickson ( 1939 )
Study 1a -d. a -c were experiments on whole departments .
1a ) No control group , experimental groups in 3 different departments .
All showed an increase of productivity ( from an initial base period ) , that did n't decrease even with illumination decreases .
1b ) 2 groups .
The control group got stable illumination ; the other got a sequence of increasing levels .
Got a substantial rise in production in both , but no difference between the groups .
1c ) Experimental and control groups .
Experimental group got a sequence of decreasing light levels .
Both groups steadily increased production , until finally the light in the experimental group was so low they protested and production fell off .
1d ) 2 girls only .
Their production stayed constant under widely varying light levels , but they said they preferred the light ( 1 ) if experimenter said bright was good , then the brighter they believed it to be the more they liked it ; ( 2 ) then ditto when he said dimmer was good .
And if they were deceived about a change , they said they preferred it i.e. it was their belief about the light level not the actual light level , and what they thought the experimenter expected to be good , not what was materially good .
Study 2 : the relay assembly experiments ( 2a , b ) on a group of 1+5 female operators .
2a Rest pauses and hours of work ( in a separate room ) .
Small group piecework the only expt. var .
2b About a piecework payment system ( on a separate bench , but normal room ) .
2c Mica splitting test room .
Like 2a : separate room , but already and constantly on piecework rates .
2d Bank wiring : pure observation of a 14 man team .
Group piecework .
Could always easily see their own rate .
Study 2a : a group of 6 experienced female workers segregated ; 1 serving , 5 assembling telephone relays : a 1 min. task in good conditions .
Output carefully measured .
5 year study .
Output ( time for every relay produced ) was secretly measured for 2 weeks before moving them to the experimental room .
Then 5 weeks of measures ; then manipulations of pay rules ( group piecework for the 5 person group ) ; then 2 5 min. breaks ( after a discussion with them on the best length of time ) ; then 2 10 min. breaks ( not their preference ) again produced improvement ; then 6 5 min. rests ( dislike , reduced output ) ; then ( free ? ) food in the breaks ; shortened the day by 30 mins ( output up ) ; shortened it more ( output per hour up , but overall down ) ; return to earlier condition ( output peaked ) ; etc. etc .
Attitudes as well as behaviour and output were measured .
Parsons ( 1974 ) argues that in 2a , 2d they had feedback on their work rates ; but in 2 b they did n't .
He argues that in the studies 2a-d , there is at least some evidence that the following factors were potent :
Rest periods Learning , given feedback i.e. skill acquisition Piecework pay where an individual does get more pay for more work , without counter - pressures ( e.g. believing that management will just lower pay rates ) .
He ( re ) defines " the Hawthorne effect as the confounding that occurs if experimenters fail to realize how the conseqences of subjects ' performance affect what subjects do " [ i.e. learning effects , both permanent skill improvement and feedback - enabled adjustments to suit current goals ] .
So he is saying it is not attention or warm regard from experimenters , but either a ) actual change in rewards b) change in provision of feedback on performance .
His key argument is that in 2a the " girls " had access to the counters of their work rate , which they did n't previously know at all well .
( To see how feedback can be crucial , think bio - feedback , where people can learn to control normally unconscious physiological states of their own body when but only when they are given direct feedback on it . )
It is notable however that he refuses to analyse the illumination experiments , which do n't fit his analysis , on the grounds that they have n't been properly published and so he can't get at details , whereas he had extensive personal communication with Roethlisberger & Dickson .
Possibly a longitudinal learning effect .
But Mayo says it is to do with the fact that the workers felt better in the situation , because of the sympathy and interest of the observers .
He does say that this experiment is about testing overall effect , not testing factors separately .
He also discusses it not really as an experimenter effect but as a management effect : how management can make workers perform differently because they feel differently .
A lot to do with feeling free , not feeling supervised but more in control as a group .
The experimental manipulations were important in convincing the workers to feel this way : that conditions were really different .
The experiment was repeated with similar effects on mica splitting workers .
Franke & Kaul ( 1978 ) offered yet another interpretation for the management psychology field , and argued it better in Franke ( 1980 ) .
This is argued and summarised here .
When we refer to " the Hawthorne effect " we are pretty much referring to Mayo's interpretation in terms of workers ' perceptions , but the data show strikingly continuous improvement .
It seems quite a different interpretation might be possible : learning , expertise , reflection — all processes independent of the experimental intervention ?
However the usual Mayo interpretation is certainly a real possible issue in designing studies in education and other areas , regardless of the truth of the original Hawthorne study .
Recently the issue of " implicit social cognition " i.e. how much weight we actually give to what is implied by others ' behaviour towards us ( as opposed to what they say e.g. flattery ) has been discussed : this must be an element here too .
Clark & Sugrue ( 1991 , p.333 ) in a review of educational research say that uncontrolled novelty effects cause on average 30 % of a standard deviation ( SD ) rise ( i.e. 50 % - 63 % score rise ) , which decays to small level after 8 weeks .
In more detail : 50 % of a SD for up to 4 weeks ; 30 % of SD for 5 - 8 weeks ; and 20 % of SD for > 8 weeks , ( which is < 1 % of the variance ) .
A summary is provided at http://www.edpsycinteractive.org/topics/intro/research.html
Some references to it :
http://dhp.com/~laflemm/hmco/Ch7quiz2.htm
However , I found Harry Braverman 's comments in his book " Labor and Monopoly Capital " more interesting .
According to Braverman , the Hawthorne tests were based on behaviorist psychology and were supposed to confirm that workers performance could be predicted by pre-hire testing .
However , the Hawthorne study showed " that the performance of workers had little relation to ability and in fact often bore a reverse relation to test scores ... " .
What the studies really showed was that the workplace was not " a system of bureaucratic formal organization on the Weberian model , nor a system of informal group relations , as in the interpretation of Mayo and his followers but rather a system of power , of class antagonisms " .
According to Braverman this discovery was a blow to those hoping to apply the behavioral sciences to manipulate workers in the interest of management .
Candidate causes for the observed results in the Hawthorne studies are :
Material factors , as originally studied e.g. illumination , ... Motivation or goals e.g. changes in actual rewards , piecework pay , ... Expectancies / expectation effects .
Quite often it is not either personal motivation or social pressures , but simply the individual acquiring from others information about the speed of work which is usual , which you can expect of yourself ; e.g. when you ask someone how long it will take you to climb this hill , or prepare this recipe .
Learning effects .
People get better at everything with practice .
Counterbalancing in experimental designs can control for this .
However assymmetric learning effects can occur and undermine the counterbalancing .
Feedback : can't learn skill without good feedback .
Simply providing proper feedback can be a big factor .
This can often be a side effect of an experiment , and good ethical practice promotes this further .
Yet perhaps providing the feedback with nothing else may be a powerful factor .
The attention of observers ( e.g. experimenters ) .
As an important special case of this : specific and known expectations of others ( e.g. experimenters , observers , supervisors , oneself , ....)
Parsons implies that ( 6 ) might be a " factor " as a major heading in our thinking , but as a cause it might turn out to be reduced to a mixture of individual , not social , effects : ( 2 , 3 , 5 ) .
That is : people might take on pleasing the experimenter as a goal , at least if it does n't conflict with any other motive ; but also , improving their performance by improving their skill will be dependent on getting feedback on their performance , and an experiment may give them this for the first time .
So you then often would n't see any Hawthorne effect — only when it turned out that with the attention came either usable feedback , or information about what to expect of themselves , or a change in motivation .
Adair ( 1984 ) : warns of gross factual inaccuracy in most secondary publications on Hawthorne effect .
And that many studies failed to find it , although nevertheless some did .
He argues that we should look at it as a variant of Orne 's ( 1973 ) experimental demand characteristics .
So for Adair , the issue is that an experimental effect depends on the participants ' interpretation of the situation ; that this may not be at all like the experimenter 's interpretation and the right method is to do post - experimental interviews in depth and with care to discover participants ' interpretations .
So he thinks it is not awareness per se ; nor special attention per se ; but you have to investigate participants ' interpretation in order to discover if / how the experimental conditions interact with the participants ' goals ( in participants ' view ) .
This can affect whether participants ' believe something , if they act on it or do n't see it as in their interest , etc .
Rosenthal & Jacobson ( 1992 ) ch.11 also reviews and discusses the Hawthorne effect .
Other interpretations it has been linked to are : Durkheim 's ' anomie ' concept ; the Weberian model of a system of bureaucratic formal organization ; a system of informal group relations , as in the interpretation of Mayo and his followers ; a system of power , of class antagonisms .
Franke & Kaul ( 1978 ) offered yet another interpretation for the management psychology field , as argued and summarised here .
Gillespie ( 1991 ) stresses the diversity of interpretation of the Hawthorne experiments at the time and among the researchers involved , as well as later and by others .
He also stresses that although workers ( subjects ) were extensively interviewed at times during the trial , Mayo developed arguments that were widely accepted for dismissing their interpretations , and imposing other interpretations .
He also points out that these researchers , and much of this field , assumes that happier workers are more productive workers .
This was not only used to justify seeking higher productivity ( as in the interests of workers as well as management ) , but led to using measures of productivity directly as measures of worker happiness .
With the advantage of hindsight , and of the wider methodological issues explored within this web page , I would now suggest that the Hawthorne studies are enough to dismiss as naive both ( a ) the simplest Taylorist view of expecting that studying only material aspects of workers ' behaviour ( e.g. time , motions , illumination ) would be adequate ; but equally ( b ) Mayo 's view that thinking only of management 's relationship to the workers and issues of human compassion and relationships are adequate .
Instead also , and in fact more widely important , are issues of how people govern their behaviour by expectancies about the time , effort and quality they should aim for , and the manifold sources they use to acquire or modify those expectancies .
Just because material factors on the one hand , and management - worker relationships on the other , sometimes have an effect does not mean that this exhausts or even dominates the important causal factors determining how productive a person is .
Similarly , these areas do not exhaust , nor even predominate amongst , the issues which experimental designs with human participants should attempt to address .
At the top level , it seems clear that in some cases there is a large effect that experimenters did not anticipate , that is due to participants ' reactions to the experiment itself .
This is the analogue to the Heisenberg uncertainty principle BUT ( unlike in quantum mechanics ) it only happens sometimes .
So as a methodological heuristic ( that you should always consider this issue ) it is useful , but as an exact predictor of effects , it is not : often there is no Hawthorne effect of any kind .
To understand when and why we will see a Hawthorne or experimenter effect , we need more detailed considerations .
At a middle level , I would go with Adair ( 1984 ) , and say that the most important ( though not the only ) aspect of this is how the participants interpret the situation .
Interviewing them ( after the " experiment " part ) would be the way to investigate this , and to build in a precautionary check in every experiment .
This is important because factory workers , students , and most experimental participants are doing things at the request of the experimenter .
What they do depends on what their personal goals are , how they understand the task requested , whether they want to please the experimenter and / or whether they see this task as impinging on other interests and goals they hold , what they think the experimenter really wants .
Besides all those issues that determine their goals and intentions in the experiment , further aspects of how how they understand the situation can be important by affecting what they believe about the effects of their actions .
Thus the experimenter effect is really not one of interference , but of a possible difference in the meaning of the situation for participants and experimenter .
Since all voluntary action ( i.e. actions in most experiments ) depends upon both the actors ' goals AND on their beliefs about the effects of their actions , differences in understanding of the situation can have big effects .
At the lowest level is the question of what types the specific causal factors might be .
The rest of this web page elaborates on them , but a preliminary set might be :
Material ones that are intended by the experimenter
Feedback that an experiment might make available to the participants
Changes to motivation , goals , and beliefs about action effects induced by the experimental situation .
Expectancies e.g. what to expect about how long it takes to do something .
For further critique and contextualisation of the notion of " the Hawthorne effect " see the section below " Ways of classifying and comparing such effects " .
In my own practice , asking students to do the novel task of writing a paragraph on an unexpected topic in 5 minutes led to no words being written in the time ; but asking them plus mentioning that most students write about 15 lines in that time , led to almost all of them meeting that quiet expectation .
The biggest study was at " Oak school " : a US primary school .
Teachers were deceived into believing that a set of one fifth of their class were expected to develop much faster than the rest , as measured by IQ points .
In fact , this set was randomly selected ; or rather , selected by stratified random sampling , the better to guarantee that they were extremely similar in both mean and variation to the rest of the class .
The main measure was a kind of IQ test , administered at the start of the school year ( pretest ) and at 4 months ( end of first semester ) , 8 months ( end of second semester and of first year of school ) , and 20 months ( end of second school year with a different teacher ) .
Maximum overall effect at 8 months , but a lot of gain still present at 20 months .
There was a big effect on first and second grade children by the end of the first year .
By the end of the second year , much of this had gone in those classes , but in other classes positive effects had emerged for the first time .
Girls and boys gained in somewhat different ways ( verbal vs. reasoning subscales ) .
The advantage was true of pre/post test of an IQ test .
It was also true of teacher assessments e.g. reading grades , which showed big effect in third grade as well .
They also did blind retesting of a sample by an examiner who was not the teacher , and who did n't know which were supposed to do well , and got results showing a greater difference .
Another effect was that pupils in the control group who improved against expectation were disliked by teachers , or at least showed signs of being in conflict .
This is the biggest and most careful study .
But besides primary school pupils , it has also been shown for algebra at the ( US )
Air force academy , and for university students as well .
If we did , we could train teachers to use best practice in the sense of getting the best effects : but we have no idea how to do that .
Assuming this is true , this is the most important effect in the whole field of education .
( Consider : if this was true in medicine , then it would n't matter much what treatment you gave a patient , the most important thing would be to get the best doctor regardless of drugs , surgery or other treatments . )
It also implies that the professionalisation of teaching does not entail improvement in learning or in any rational basis for treating learners , though it may from a social viewpoint or of course from the viewpoint of the benefits to practitioners of restrictive practices and regulation to exclude the worst practitioners .
However we should n't be suprised .
Medicine was organised into its current professional form before there was a single scientifically justified treatment available : in the UK , the governing professional body , the General Medical Council , was established by law in essentially its present form by the 1858 Medical Act .
However on an optimistic view , Pasteur 's rabies vaccination , established around 1870 , was the first medical treatment based on scientific evidence ; and it has been estimated that 1911 is the first year when a patient was objectively likely to benefit from being treated by a doctor .
( L.J Henderson : " somewhere between 1910 and 1912 in this country , a random patient with a random disease , consulting a doctor at random had , for the first time in the history of mankind , a better than a fifty - fifty chance of profiting from the encounter . " as quoted in John Bunker ( 2001 ) " Medicine Matters After All : Measuring the benefits of medical care , a healthy lifestyle , and a just social environment " ( Nuffield Trust ) )
Note too that all this casts doubt on the value of training teachers , apart from giving them practice to learn for themselves : if we do n't know what it is about teachers ' behaviour that has such large effects on learning , how can we usefully train them ?
In the absence of this knowledge , the only measure of a teacher 's worth is the comparative learning outcomes of their students .
However neither teachers nor teacher training is usually assessed by this .
So while it is quite possible that teachers learn either by unaided practice , or by unconscious imitation of other teachers ( apprenticeship learning ) , there is almost no evidence on whether that training makes a difference .
The empirical observation of the importance of teachers has major implications for theory .
Because they are of such large importance , I prefer Laurillard 's theory of the learning and teaching process to others since it gives equal weight to learners and to teachers , and I regard slogans such as " learner - centered " and theories such as neo -constructivism to be flawed because they do not acknowledge or give a place to teachers of the prominence that they in fact have in the causation of learning .
So given the importance of teacher effects , what is the evidence ?
I need to do a proper review of this .
But the Pygmalion effect is one big demonstration of the effect of teachers , showing they can double the amount of pupil progress in a year .
Rosenthal & Jacobson ( 1992 ) also mention briefly research that showed that 10 secs of video without sound of a teacher allows students to predict the ratings that person will get as a teacher .
Similarly hearing the sound without vision AND without content ( rhythm and tone of voice only ) were enough too .
This is powerful evidence that teachers differ in ways they cannot easily or normally control , but which are very quickly perceptible , and which at least in students ' minds , determine their value as a teacher .
( And Marsh 's ( 1987 ) work shows that student ratings of teachers do relate to learning outcomes . )
This also brings out an essential difference between medicine and education .
In education , the teacher is supposed ( except by radicals ) to be a major cause of learning ; while in medicine it is supposed to be the " treatment " regardless of who administers it .
Related to this is the widespread opinion that placebo effects exist , where belief in the presence of a promising treatment ( even though it is in fact an inert placebo ) creates a real result e.g. recovery from disease .
Placebos as a technique for blinding will remain important even if there is no placebo effect , but obviously it is in itself interesting to discover whether placebo effects exist , how common they are , and how large they are .
After all , if they cure people then we probably want to employ them for that .
Claims that placebo effects are large and widespread go back to at least Beecher ( 1955 ) .
However Kienle and Kiene ( 1997 ) did a reanalysis of his reported work , and concluded his claims had no basis in his evidence ; and then Hrobjartsson & Gotzsche ( 2001 ) did a meta - analysis or review of the evidence , and concluded that most of these claims have no basis in the clinical trials published to date .
The chief points of their sceptical argument are :
Only trials that compare a group that gets no treatment with another group that gets a placebo can test the effect .
Most claims are based on looking at the size of the improvement measured in placebo groups in trials which compared only placebo and experimental ( active ) treatments .
This is misleading since most diseases have a substantial clearup rate with no treatment : seeing improvements does n't mean the placebo had an effect .
( And also because of regression to the mean : for the difference , see below . )
Nevertheless , even they conclude that there is a real placebo effect for pain ( not surprising since this is partly understood theoretically : ( Wall , 1999 ) ) ; and for some other continuously - valued subjectively - assessed effects e.g. fatigue , nausea .
A recent experimental demonstration was reported : Zubieta et al. ( 2005 ) " Endogenous Opiates and the Placebo Effect "
The journal of neuroscience vol.25 no.34 p.7754-7762 .
This seems to show that the psychological cause ( belief that the placebo treatment might be effective in reducing pain ) causes opioid release in the brain , which then presumably operates in an analogous way to externally administered morphine .
A more extensive review of the overall dispute is Nimmo ( 2005 ) and another is Woolfson ( 2009 ) .
( See also Hrobjartsson , A. & Gotzsche , P.C. ( 2006 ) " Placebo interventions for all clinical conditions " Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews issue 3 . )
N.B. the opposite of placebo is nocebo : something that although in fact materially neutral , causes harm in the patient because they believe it will harm them : see a review by Barsky et al. ( 2002 ) .
Ted Kaptchuk of Harvard Medical School seems to have following position .
The placebo effect seems to exist in at least a few situations .
If it is real , then it operates in both scientific treatments ( where it will increase the apparent efficacy ) , and in non-scientific treatments e.g. in alternative medicine .
If we care for patients ' recovery we should attempt to optimise it , and possibly alternative medicine is actually better at eliciting it .
If we care for knowledge , we should research how it works , what best promotes it , etc .
See for example : Ted J. Kaptchuk ( 2002 ) " The Placebo Effect in Alternative Medicine : Can the Performance of a Healing Ritual Have Clinical Significance ? "
Annals of Internal Medicine vol.136 no.11 pp.817-825
Kaptchuk offers some ideas about what the key factors might be in the placebo effect ( i.e. in positively enhancing healing , but not from the material effects of the treatment or drug ) .
He suggests it is the effect of hope , attention and care ; and to do with the social , not just their personal , beliefs i.e. with " the healing drama " .
That is , like the Pygmalion effect , if those round you believe in the effect that may itself have an important effect .
In turn that suggests to me these points :
It has been established that persistent stress ( unlike sharp , but passing , shocks ) reduces immune system function .
One service which doctors can perform is to tell a patient that they will recover .
This is often not at all certain to the patient and their family .
One of the reasons for mental illness being frightening to most people , is they do n't believe it will pass : this is in strong contrast to flu , food poisoning , broken bones , where they know they will recover .
The assurance relieves anxiety and stress , which in turn improves immune system functioning , and so recovery .
This , if correct , is a case where doctor 's knowledge speeds recovery without any treatment i.e. it is entirely consistent with an approach of scientific medicine , though the mechanism is not a material one .
A few people are born without a working system for feeling pain ( Wall ; 1999 ) .
They usually die by the time they are 20 from osteomyelitis because when they sustain everyday small injuries , they do n't " favour " them as their body tries to heal the injury : they do n't treat themselves with tenderness ( shielding little cuts from continual re-opening , limping and avoiding further strain to damaged ligaments , etc. ) .
This turns out to be so important that it kills them slowly but inexorably .
Thus it could be that inducing a patient ( and those around them ) to care for themselves is sometimes a key factor , and the basis for real healing effects independent of material interventions .
This thought is further supported by the consideration that today in developed countries , the leading causes of death ( heart disease , cancer ) are thought to be largely controlled by lifestyle behaviours that the patient , not doctor , controls : persuading patients to behave differently is the key to controlling mortality .
In recent years some apparent extensions of the domain where placebo effects have been established have been published .
Surgery on backs ; e.g. injecting cement of some kind .
But backs are operated on for pain reported by the patient : no other meassure of success are used .
So this can be seen as part of the same phenomenon ; but remarkable for whole surgical procedures , rather than pills , being used in either " active " or placebo varieties .
( See Miller et al. 2011 doi:10.1148/radiol.11102412 )
More generally , why is physiotherapy after many skeletal injuries important ?
Crudely speaking : humans are not good at judging how far they should push themselves when they sense pain .
Too little , leads to poor recovery and loss of function ; too much , and the healing is damaged by new injury .
As Wall argued , pain is there to make us favour small injuries while healing occurs ; but it seems we are n't good at judging that optimally .
This is consistent with the need for expert physiotherapy to improve that judgement about how to interpret the pain ; and conversely , for us being ( often wisely ) open to misinformation from placebos related to recovery from pain .
Placebo effects with treatments for irritable bowel syndrome fit this view , as irritability and inflamation are easy to see as likely to be controlled , as pain is , by brain outputs as well as local sensing .
Kaptchuk et al .
2010 Placebos did better than no treatment , and attention and pseudo ( placebo ) treatment added to give an effect as big as the best drug .
Placebos can work even though the patient knows they are , from a scientific , materialist viewpoint , placebos .
Thus Kaptchuk sees placebo effects as related to hypnosis : another case where many people ( not all ) surrender their normal scepticism to experts they trust .
Kaptchuk et al .
2015
More surprising perhaps is that placebos work as for medication for Parkinson 's disease .
In Parkinson's , the patient has a deficit of release of the neurotransmitter dopamine .
A placebo can work as wel as a drug in getting the brain to release dopamine .
Marchant ( 2016 ) in Nature : doi:10.1038/nature.2016.19341 .
Currently it is apparent that the placebo effect is real and important with pain , but may not exist elsewhere .
This is not grasped by some important authors .
So meta - analyses e.g. by Hrobjartsson may show no effect , but this is probably because he averages together placebo effects across many fields ; and conversely Benedetti argues that all drug trials should be done differently even though he has shown important effects only for pain .
It also brings out that for good pure science , you should compare no -treatment , placebo , and treatment ( and additionally seriously consider learning effects from repeated administrations ) ; but for applied science , the standard treatment vs. placebo trial is mainly good enough .
It will only miss out on how important placebo effects are in potentiating both drugs .
But still such standard trials measure drugs in approximately valid clinical conditions , where patients believe the treatment is probably effective .
Note too the strong distorting tendencies of different fields : in drug trials , researchers tend to attribute the whole efficacy of the control ( placebo ) condition to a placebo effect whereas much of it will be due to spontaneous recovery ; while physicians see it as like bedside manner : something to please the patient independently of objective healing mechanisms , whereas the neurophysiological effects of the placebo effects have now been well established .
Benedetti has shown that some pain drugs rely in part on placebo effect : they are real but there is a statistical interaction with patient knowledge of getting a drug i.e. the placebo effect is necessary to potentiate the drug , which then adds value on top of placebo alone .
Same is true of diazepam's ( valium ) effect on anxiety .
Can do ( they have ) trials where patient does n't know when they are getting the drug ; but can be informed consent because they know they might , or they will at some time .
Finally : here 's where you can buy one !
" Obecalp , the First Standardized , Branded and Pharmaceutical Grade Placebo is Now Available for Sale at InventedByAMommy.com " : " Obecalp "
Both are psychological effects on the participants , causing an effect when the material intervention has no effect .
Both are effects produced by the participants ' perceptions and reactions ; but the former emphasises their response to new equipment or methods , while the latter emphasises their response simply to being studied .
The leading suspected cause in the placebo effect is the participants ' false belief in the material efficacy of the intervention .
The leading suspected cause in the Hawthorne effect is the participants ' response to being studied i.e. to the human attention .
In both cases , the experimenter may be deceiving the participants , or may be mistakenly sincere , or neutral with respect to the effects of the technology or intervention .
In general however , the experimenter appearing to the participant to believe in the efficacy of the intervention , while not essential , may be more , or more often , important to the placebo effect than to the Hawthorne effect .
Marchant , Jo ( 2011 ) " Heal thyself : the power of mind over matter " " Heal thyself : think positive " NewScientist no.2827 29 Aug .
2011 http://www.newscientist.com/special/heal-thyself
Optimists heal faster : " The Value of Positive Psychology for Health Psychology : Progress and Pitfalls in Examining the Relation of Positive Phenomena to Health " Annals of Behavioral Medicine Volume 39 , Issue 1 , pp 4-15 doi:10.1007/s12160-009-9153-0
doi:10.1097 / PSY.0b013e31818105ba
doi:10.1037/0022-3514.85.4.605
doi:10.1037/a0014663
Placebos are used to create blind trials .
They are not the only technique for this , but are a common and important one .
Whether or not there is a placebo effect , placebos will remain an important technique for this .
Recent sceptical meta-analyses of placebo effects suggest that the effect does exist , but only in very limited contexts .
The widespread claims are mainly misplaced , based on faulty inferences .
Some interesting suggestions about how the placebo effect might work — what mediates it — are being made ; and involve unconscious actions by the practitioner as well as the patient .
Placebos are often seen as posing ethical difficulties .
Essentially the issues are of two kinds , neither about placebos alone .
Deceiving experimental participants , or at least witholding information .
This is potentially in tension with the principle of informed consent .
This is most acute for experiments that wish not just to achieve blinding , but to measure the effect of expectancies , and so wish to induce expectancies by misinforming ( some ) participants .
Witholding treatment from patients ( or education from students ) .
The tension here is between the greater certainty a controlled experiment will give , versus the prior guesses of people and experts .
After all , you probably would n't do an experiment unless you had some reason to hope a treatment worked ; but if you do have such grounds , then should your opinion of the best treatment be given to all patients rather than give some a placebo ?
This pits authority against science : " expert opinion " i.e. ignorant but sincere authority against evidence - based knowledge .
Designing appropriate controls in surgical research is difficult because surgical outcomes are " a cumulative effect of three main elements : critical surgical element , placebo effects , and non-specific effects . "
( Wartolowska et al. , 2014 ) .
A solution to this problem has existed within medical research since at least 1959 , when 20 years of accepted wisdom about the effectiveness of Internal - Mammary artery ligation ( tying off the Internal - Mammary artery ) for the relief of angina was overturned by randomising anaesthetised patients to receive either the surgery , or merely the incision ( Cobb , Thomas , Dillard , Merendino , & Bruce , 1959 ) .
Such controls , referred to as sham surgery are understandably the subject of ethical debate — unlike placebo medications they are not inert , and confer significant risks due to anaesthesia and surgical wounds ( Angelos , 2007 ) .
However , there is growing consensus that the costs of errant surgical practices persisting outweigh these risks ( Prasad & Cifu , 2019 ; Wartolowska et al. , 2014 ) .
After being out of fashion for around 40 years ( Stolberg , 1999 ) , sham surgery is now used in areas as diverse as brain surgery ( where control patients actually have holes drilled into their skulls ; ( Kim et al. , 2005 ) , to knee surgery ( Moseley et al. , 2002 ) .
The sham approach has proven powerful for the evaluation of procedural interventions beyond surgery .
Sham acupuncture is identical to traditional Chinese acupuncture , save that the needles are deliberately placed in locations not claimed to be vital to the flow of chi .
A 2016 review of sham acupuncture trials for menopausal hot flushes failed to demonstrate traditional acupuncture 's efficacy — in direct contradiction of the non-sham literature ( Carlos et al. , 2016 ) .
Their results suggest that the improvement observed in previous research had nothing to do with needle placement — but rather placebo and non-specific effects , such as those inherent in the therapeutic relationship .
Thus controlled experiments require not a no- treatment condition , but a sham treatment that participants cannot tell apart from the new - treatment condition .
This applies not only to surgery , but to experiments , for instance , on mindfulnes meditation where participants are very likely to have heard enough about it that simply resting or doing nothing will not stop them expecting the effects claimed for meditation .
The placebo effect in medicine , where getting an inert ( e.g. sugar ) pill has a large positive effect .
Many believe that there are often large positive effects apparently simply from the expectation created in the patient : if true , this is the placebo effect , where the intervention in fact has no material effect , but the belief by the participant does .
Although often transmitted from the doctor 's expectancies , it may be independent of the doctor .
It may show particularly strongly in side - effects , where the number and severity of side - effects may be three times larger when patients are warned about the possibility in both groups that get the active treatment and in the placebo group .
However as noted above , some do not believe any such effect exists .
in medicine , where getting an inert ( e.g. sugar ) pill has a large positive effect .
Many believe that there are often large positive effects apparently simply from the expectation created in the patient : if true , this is the placebo effect , where the intervention in fact has no material effect , but the belief by the participant does .
Although often transmitted from the doctor 's expectancies , it may be independent of the doctor .
It may show particularly strongly in side - effects , where the number and severity of side - effects may be three times larger when patients are warned about the possibility in both groups that get the active treatment and in the placebo group .
However as noted above , some do not believe any such effect exists .
The Hawthorne effect ( French , 1953 ) : simply of being studied .
Aspects of this suggest that the effect did not depend on the particular expectation of the researchers , but that being studied caused the improved performance .
This might be because attention made the workers feel better ; or because it caused them to reflect on their work and reflection caused performance improvements , or because the experimental situation provided them with performance feedback they did n't otherwise have and this extra information allowed improvements .
( French , 1953 ) : simply of being studied .
Aspects of this suggest that the effect did not depend on the particular expectation of the researchers , but that being studied caused the improved performance .
This might be because attention made the workers feel better ; or because it caused them to reflect on their work and reflection caused performance improvements , or because the experimental situation provided them with performance feedback they did n't otherwise have and this extra information allowed improvements .
The John Henry effect ( Zdep & Irvine , 1970 ; Saretsky , 1972 ) is the opposite of the Hawthorne effect : it is when a supposedly control group , that gets no intervention , compares themselves to the experimental group and through extra effort gets the same effects or results .
A kind of counter - suggestibility .
( Zdep & Irvine , 1970 ; Saretsky , 1972 ) is the opposite of the Hawthorne effect : it is when a supposedly control group , that gets no intervention , compares themselves to the experimental group and through extra effort gets the same effects or results .
A kind of counter - suggestibility .
Jastrow 's effect on factory work was much bigger : here an explicit expectation about performance was transmitted and turned out to change output by a factor of three .
( Rosenthal & Jacobson , 1968 ; Jastrow , 1900 . )
on factory work was much bigger : here an explicit expectation about performance was transmitted and turned out to change output by a factor of three .
( Rosenthal & Jacobson , 1968 ; Jastrow , 1900 . )
The Pygmalion effect or " expectancy advantage " is that of a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Teachers ' expectations of pupils can strongly affect ( by about a factor of two over a year ) the amount of development they show .
( Rosenthal & Jacobson , 1968 )
or " expectancy advantage " is that of a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Teachers ' expectations of pupils can strongly affect ( by about a factor of two over a year ) the amount of development they show .
( Rosenthal & Jacobson , 1968 ) The charisma effect .
This term really is most used as one of the rival theories of leadership , not as a general problem to watch out for in studies of humans .
However Flynn ( 2012 ) uses it to refer to something like the Hawthorne effect .
.
This term really is most used as one of the rival theories of leadership , not as a general problem to watch out for in studies of humans .
However Flynn ( 2012 ) uses it to refer to something like the Hawthorne effect .
The halo effect .
Coined by Thorndike , this is a specific type of cognitive confirmation bias , wherein positive feelings in one area cause ambiguous or neutral traits to be viewed positively .
In other words , as in the use of brands in marketing , positive attitudes can spread from one aspect or thing to associated ones .
E.g. from the researcher to the task ; from the use of new technology to the amount you are learning .
. Coined by Thorndike , this is a specific type of cognitive confirmation bias , wherein positive feelings in one area cause ambiguous or neutral traits to be viewed positively .
In other words , as in the use of brands in marketing , positive attitudes can spread from one aspect or thing to associated ones .
E.g. from the researcher to the task ; from the use of new technology to the amount you are learning .
The novelty effect : the participant performs differently at first because of the novelty of the " treatment " which may change their expectation , or simply cause them to be more alert or otherwise perform differently .
The experimenter is not important , but a materially unjustified belief , perhaps from other social media , may be ( e.g. participants think the technology / educational intervention is wonderful and that belief is the real cause of raised outcomes ) ; or else simply the novelty rather than belief matters , if it operates through ( say ) attention rather than through expectancies .
: the participant performs differently at first because of the novelty of the " treatment " which may change their expectation , or simply cause them to be more alert or otherwise perform differently .
The experimenter is not important , but a materially unjustified belief , perhaps from other social media , may be ( e.g. participants think the technology / educational intervention is wonderful and that belief is the real cause of raised outcomes ) ; or else simply the novelty rather than belief matters , if it operates through ( say ) attention rather than through expectancies .
Experimenter effects .
Specific expectations acquired , consciously or not , from the researcher .
Some experimenter effects have been demonstrated equally in positive and negative directions .
Rosenthal ( 1966 ) describes experimentally tested experimenter effects in behavioral research , which is summarised by Rosenthal & Jacobson ( 1992 ) .
Prophesying a difference caused research assistants to create an effect , and this could be done equally in either direction ( i.e. can create a positive or negative effect this way ) .
This was done where the experimental task being manipulated required judgements by the nominal participants .
However this was about one tenth the size of the effect prophesied , so it would be quite wrong to describe this as " seeing what you expect " : it would be more accurate to suggest that experimenters could influence subjects on marginal cases and so systematically bias ( only ) within the range of experimental " noise " .
However if stooges acting as the first subjects behaved differently , this overrode and created a more effective expectation ( and consequent effect on real subjects ) .
Such effects have also been demonstrated in animal experiments and on learning and IQ tests / tasks at least sometimes .
. Specific expectations acquired , consciously or not , from the researcher .
Some experimenter effects have been demonstrated equally in positive and negative directions .
Rosenthal ( 1966 ) describes experimentally tested experimenter effects in behavioral research , which is summarised by Rosenthal & Jacobson ( 1992 ) .
Prophesying a difference caused research assistants to create an effect , and this could be done equally in either direction ( i.e. can create a positive or negative effect this way ) .
This was done where the experimental task being manipulated required judgements by the nominal participants .
However this was about one tenth the size of the effect prophesied , so it would be quite wrong to describe this as " seeing what you expect " : it would be more accurate to suggest that experimenters could influence subjects on marginal cases and so systematically bias ( only ) within the range of experimental " noise " .
However if stooges acting as the first subjects behaved differently , this overrode and created a more effective expectation ( and consequent effect on real subjects ) .
Such effects have also been demonstrated in animal experiments and on learning and IQ tests / tasks at least sometimes .
Observer effects .
Much as for experimenter effects .
.
Much as for experimenter effects .
Trial effects .
As for experimenter effects , but with the emphasis on the activity not the person of the experimenter .
.
As for experimenter effects , but with the emphasis on the activity not the person of the experimenter .
Research participation effects .
Ditto : perhaps a more general label for observer , experimenter , trial , and novelty effects .
. Ditto : perhaps a more general label for observer , experimenter , trial , and novelty effects .
Demand characteristics ( wikiP ) .
A more established term , with the effects coming from the ( perceived ) requirement being placed on the participant .
After all , even conversations have strong demand characteristics ( being relevant , being polite , etc. ) which strongly modify what we say ; and given also that in most human experiments , the participants are either paid or are volunteers , it must be expected that they try hard to do what they perceive is wanted .
So interpreting any such experiment as somehow showing what the participants themselves want or prefer is obviously problematic .
John Henry : act to maintain respect and status .
Hawthorne : people paying you attention makes you feel like working harder .
Aspects of the Hawthorne studies suggest that it was not that the researchers expected a better result in every case , but that being studied caused improved performance .
This is similar to job interviews , and competitive events , where participants often perform much better than their average performance because they are being studied and assessed , not because they are expected to do better .
Hawthorne : being studied prompts a person to reflect more on the task i.e. to study their performance and themselves as well ; and reflection often causes them to improve their performance gradually because they are thinking about it , and about improving it .
Hawthorne : Parson 's argument , primarily about feedback provision , is that learning ( improving a skill ) requires plenty of feedback on your performance .
If an experiment provides that ( as a side effect of making experimental measurements ) where it was n't readily available before , you may see performance improvement due to that alone .
He argues convincingly that some of the original Hawthorne studies did provide performance feedback to workers which they did n't previously have access to .
Jastrow , Pygmalion , Experimenter effects : where participants are strongly affected by the expectations expressed by their " bosses " .
In work , a worker donates their time to an employer in return for pay but remains responsible for the amount of effort they make .
We know from injuries in sport and in the home ( e.g. lifting things ) that it is dangerous to have unrealistic estimates of one 's own capabilities , so this is rational and in both workers ' and usually managers ' interests to get these estimates right .
Thus expectations are rightly central in regulating , and so limiting , output ; and naturally we are very likely to pay some attention to others ' informed opinion on these .
Novelty effects .
Conversely if a participant normally has a zero expectancy about something , then something new may get them to review it .
In education if a student does not believe they can improve at something then they wo n't try ( e.g. " I can't do maths " , " Perfect pitch is an innate ability so there is no point in me practising " ) , but an experiment might make them change this assumption and so start making an effort to learn ( placebo effect , novelty effect ) .
Placebo effects .
These have been shown to operate on pain and on effects like nausea ; but not to heal broken bones .
This makes sense because ( contrary to common sense ) it has been shown that cognitive expectations have a big effect on the operation of pain ( Wall , 1999 ) ( but not on bone growth ) ; and also on perceptions of fatigue e.g. when running ( Lovett , 2004 ) .
There is no strong evidence of it operating on any other medical problem .
And this should n't surprise us , since ( contrary to our intuition ) pain is not a directly sensed objective sensation carried one - way by special nerves : actually there are the same number of descending fibres from the brain to peripheral pain receptors .
Clearly there is a well established , long evolved system for having the mind change pain sensations .
Given that , it should be no surprise that a variety of methods ( e.g. meditation , hypnosis ) can modify pain sensation ( easily by a factor of four ) via the mind .
On the other hand , as discussed above , the real life - critical aspect of the pain system seems to be in getting us to " nurse " injuries until they heal : which is consistent with how the mind generally cannnot turn pain off entirely , only modify its intensity depending partly on current priorities .
Demand characteristics and expectancies .
In relation to the Hawthorne effect on the rate of workers ' task performance , expectancies are probably the biggest issues , and again for good reason .
When you set out to do a " task " such as walk along a corridor , this is massively under - specified .
You can sprint , walk fast , walk slowly , etc .
Even in walking to work , my own walking speed varies by about a factor of 2 depending on time of day , caffeine level , or whether I have a companion .
Humans in fact probably have huge adaptations to make us extremely ready to modify such actions to align with others .
Firstly : any predator which pursues its prey , adapts its motion in fine detail depending on the moment to moment movement of the prey .
Secondly : team work requires fitting your motions in with others ' if you are all lifting or carrying one thing .
Thirdly , in recent decades research has made it clear that in conversing with another person , we " align " i.e. converge to a single level , the speed , loudness of speech , the length of pauses , aspects of vocabulary , syntax and semantics .
The difference between using a focus group and an interview is whether the researcher wants the participant ( s ) to converge on participant - language or on researcher - language .
Both are important methods , depending on the aim .
The specific lesson , then , is that for most physical tasks there is a tradeoff between speed and accuracy / quality / error rate .
And in fact there are two kinds of " error " rate : one for defects in the product ; another for injuries to the worker e.g. hurting your back carrying something the wrong way , or for too long , or which is too heavy .
If this tradeoff is n't specified , the participant MUST nevertheless decide on it .
If the experimenters leave this necessary decision process to chance , they will get results which are hard to interpret .
Actually , I think we can already do a bit better than that .
It is quite wrong to think that all these effects apply all the time , and that no useful experiments with human participants can be done .
The placebo effect is real , but only applies to very limited cases such as the treatment of pain , nausea and fatigue .
There is no good evidence of it operating on other medical problems .
And there seem to be good reasons for this ( see previous section ) .
Unless the task in an experiment is unusually well specified , then expectancies are likely to be an important factor for the reasons outlined above .
This in turn interacts strongly with how participants ' understand " the task " and what is being asked of them : so their interpretation of the situation is often another large factor .
To repeat , simply telling participants to speak , to walk , to pull , to sew on a button is massively under - specified : they MUST somehow fill in all the missing details especially of the desirable speed and accuracy ; and are likely to try to fill them in by imagining what you want , or what interests them , or ...
A more general lesson is about conduct of any study with human participants .
Coombs & Smith ( 2003 ) argue that these issues justify action research rather than lab .
experiments as a method , but often it may rather be that their criticism of naive positivism is more widely applicable .
Many naive researchers say very little to participants " in order not to bias them " ; but this just means the participants all have to make an interpretation of what the under - specified instructions mean , and will make it differently from each other .
If you want to study individual differences in interpretation ( as in Rorschach blots ) , then witholding a specified meaning is the way to proceed .
But if you want to study other variables , then more fully specifying the task is what is wanted , and comparing two groups with the same interpretation of the task but differences in some other variable ( e.g. illumination level ) .
In other words , the solution is a better controlled , not an uncontrolled , study ; which may be either in the lab or in the field .
Mangagement , particularly the management of factory labour
Medicine
Education
Experimental psychology
Single blind : concealing from the patient ( subject , participant ) which " treatment " they are getting , and hence what result to expect .
Some placebo effects are " pure " in that they demonstrate that the patient 's belief independently of the doctor 's can be enough to induce effects .
Double blind : also concealing from the researcher ( the person adminstering the treatments and measurements ) .
Many placebo effects and the Pygmalion effect demonstrate how researchers ' expectations can have a large effect , often because participants perceive these .
It is possible too that expectancies may cause a teacher or doctor acutally to treat the pupil or patient differently in a way that benefits or disadvantages them ; i.e. to have a direct effect independent of the primary participants ' expectancies .
Triple blind : also concealing treatment and hence expectations from the persons making measurement judgements e.g. a lab technician classifying cells as cancerous , a doctor assessing a patient 's degree of mobility or pain as an output ( dependent ) variable .
The triple blind is in fact a precaution against human psychological effects working adversely ( from the viewpoint of the validity of the experiment ) not on the participants , but on the researchers .
It thus applies to " hard " science as well : or undermines it when ignored .
Mediocre scientists are blind to this danger ; the best are not .
" The first principle is that you must not fool yourself — and you are the easiest person to fool .
So you have to be very careful about that .
After you 've not fooled yourself , it 's easy not to fool other scientists .
You just have to be honest in a conventional way after that . "
Feynman ( 1985 )
For a long period , astronomers mistakenly thought they could see canals on the planet Mars ( wikiP ) .
Eventually better telescopes made it clear to all that this was an error ; until then , disagreements between observers were not enough ( as perhaps they should have been ) to discredit this belief .
Clever Hans : around 1900 a horse " clever Hans " became famous for being able to answer any questions put by humans .
The owner ( and interpreter ) was entirely sincere : but eventually turned out to have been fooling himself .
Many histories of psychology mention this important case .
The problem is alive and well in current neuroscience : Kriegeskorte et al. ( 2009 ) .
Thus from a practical point of view , there are three classes of humans to be managed in an experimental trial , and whose expectations have each been shown sometimes to affect its outcome .
It is possible for an experiment to test for a placebo effect clearly , by comparing those who get the placebo and those who get nothing at all .
However in standard medical trials using a placebo , the new treatment is compared to a placebo .
It is common for the placebo group to show an improvement ( reduced illness ) compared to the start of the trial .
There are 3 different kinds of reason for this , and such standard experiments cannot tell which applies :
The patient was ill ( that is , showing symptoms , and would continue indefinitely to be ill if nothing was done ) ; but the placebo treatment made a difference , and they are now cured for the indefinite future .
This is a real placebo effect .
The patient was ill , but spontaneously recovered ( as we usually do from most illnesses ) and would have done so even if they had n't had the placebo intervention .
The patients ' symptoms fluctuate over time ( generally true of some conditions such as depression , high blood pressure , hay fever ) .
They were selected because they had the symptoms , but over the time of the trial , the symptoms fluctate downwards , so that they look cured at the end of the trial .
However in fact no real change has occurred and the symptoms will continue to fluctuate up and down .
However because only those with symptoms are selected , this fluctuation is not balanced out by the experiment .
This misleading shift is called " regression to the mean " .
Thus many experiments look as if they show a placebo effect because there is a group that receives a placebo and which shows significant improvement during the trial .
However in many cases this effect is not due to a placebo , but to either spontaneous recovery or to regression to the mean of fluctuating symptoms .
( Note that this is a case where the within - subjects comparison is LESS informative than the between - subjects one . )
The standard double blind , placebo controlled trial can not discriminate between these three cases .
Many published papers have asserted quite erroneous conclusions through not understanding this .
There are two different aims for research :
[ Science ] : Finding the causes , testing a ( causal ) model ( one cause , all effects )
[ Engineering ]
Discovering and proving the generalisability of the effect .
( one desired effect , all necessary and sufficient causes )
Note that double blind trials ( where neither experimenter nor patient know which intervention / treatment they are getting during the trial ) are quite practicable for testing pills ( where a dummy sugar pill can easily be made that the patient cannot tell apart from other pills ) ; but not for major surgery , nor usually for educational interventions that require actions by the learner : in these cases participants necessarily know which treatment they have been given .
Double ( or triple ) blind trials " control for " most of the various effects above in the sense of making them equal for all groups by removing the ability of both experimenter and participants to even know which treatment is being given , much less to believe they know which is the more effective .
They may tend to reduce the placebo effect since the patient knows they have only a 50 % chance that they are getting the active treatment .
However they do NOT remove the Hawthorne effect ( only make it equal for all groups in the trial ) , since on the contrary the experiment almost certainly makes participants very aware of receiving special attention .
This could mean that the effect sizes measured in some groups are misleading , and would not be seen later in normal practice .
The trial would be a fair comparison between groups , but the magnitude of effect measured would not be predictive of the effect seen in non-experimental conditions , due to a similar " error " ( i.e. effect due to the Hawthorne effect ) applying to both groups .
This could , at least in theory , matter .
A case in point could be comparing homeopathic and conventional medicine .
Generally a patient will get about 50 minutes of the practitioner 's attention in the former case , and 5 minutes in the latter .
It is not hard to imagine that this might have a significant effect on patient recovery .
A standard double blind experiment ( comparing just two treatments ) would be most seriously misleading in a case where both a drug and a " Hawthorne " effect of attention were of similar magnitude , but not additive ( i.e. either one was effective , but getting both gave no extra benefit ) : then a conventional trial would see similar and useful effect magnitudes in both groups , but would not be able to tell that in fact either giving the drug or giving an hour 's attention to the patient were alternative effective therapies , unless there were also a third " no treatment , no attention " control group .
A thorough experiment would have to have at least five groups : with either 5 or 50 minutes of practitioner attention , with either conventional or homeopathic substances taken , plus a group that got no substance and no practitioner attention .
Finally , neither medicine nor education habitually employ counter - balanced experimental designs , where all participants get both treatments : one group gets A then B , and the other gets B then A .
This is partly because of the possibility of assymmetric transfer effects i.e. the effect of B ( say ) is different depending on whether or not the participant had A first .
For instance , learning French vocabulary first then reading French literature is not likely to have the same effect as receiving them the other way round .
Study primary effect :
Is there an effect ( whatever the cause ) , what effect , what size of effect ?
Replication : can it be done by other enthusiasts ( not only by the original researcher ) ?
Generalisability : can it be done by non-enthusiasts ?
i.e. can it be transferred via training to the general population of teachers ?
i.e. without special enthusiasm or skills .
This is actually a test of the training procedure , not of the effect — but that is a vital part of whether the effect can be of practical use .
One danger is the Hawthorne effect : you get an effect , but not due to the theory .
The opposite is to get a null effect even though the theory is correct because transfer / training did n't work .
So you need to do projects in several stages , showing effects at each .
In stage ( 1 ) you do an experiment and show there really is an effect , defensible against all worries .
But you still have n't shown what it is caused by : whether the factors described in your theory , or by the experimenter : i.e. no defence against Hawthorne .
Use one or two teachers , and control like crazy .
In ( 2 ) you show it can be done by others : so at least it is not just a Papert charisma effect , but it still might be a learner enthusiasm effect ( of novelty or halo ) .
Use say 12 teachers .
In ( 3 ) you are testing whether training can be done .
Note that if what you care about is improving learning and the learners ' experience , then you may want to maximise not avoid novelty , halo , and Hawthorne effects .
If you can improve learning by changing things every year , telling students this is the latest thing , then that is the ethical and practical and practically effective thing to do .
They say firstly we should have Hawthorne controls i.e. 3 groups : control ( no treatment ) ; experimental ( the one we are interested in ) ; a Hawthorne control , which has a change or treatment manifest to participants but not one that could be effective in the same way as the experimental intervention .
[ This is the reply to wanting to do triple blind trials , but not being able to avoid participants knowing something is being done ; AND is a response to measuring the size of the placebo effect as well as of the experimental effect . ]
Secondly , have " Expectancy control designs " : 2X2 of control / experimental X with / without secondary participants expecting a result .
[ Hawthorne effect and control groups are about subject expectancies ; expectancy controls are about Pygmalion effect i.e. teachers ' expectancies . ]
So , combining these , they then suggest a 2 X 3 design of {teacher expects effect or not} X {control , experimental , Hawthorne ctrl i.e. placebo treatment} .
The point of these is not merely to avoid confounding factors but to measure their existence and size in the case being studied .
N.B. A medical trial with drug and placebo groups is most like having experimental and Hawthorne - control groups but no pure control group .
Adding the latter would additionally require a matched group that was monitored but given no treatment .
However participants are normally told it is a blind trial , rather than fully expecting both treatment and placebo to be effective , so this is not an exact parallel .
Adair ( 1984 ) suggests that the important ( though not the only ) aspect of these effects is how the participants interpret the situation .
Interviewing them ( after the " experiment " part ) would be the way to investigate this .
This is also essental in " blind " trials to check whether the blinding is in fact effective .
Some trials which are conducted and probably published as blind are in fact not .
If the active treatment has a readily perceptible side effect on most patients ( e.g. hair falls out , urine changes colour , pronounced dry mouth ) both doctors and patients will quickly know who does and does not have the active drug .
Blinding depends on human perception , and so these perceptions should be measured .
2nd party expectancy 1st party expectancy Teacher ( mis ) led to expect positive result Experimental group Control group : no treatment Hawthorne control : irrelevant treatment / placebo Teacher ( mis ) led to expect no effect Experimental group Control group : no treatment Hawthorne control : irrelevant treatment / placebo
My comment
We know that all the above effects can have important and unexpected effects .
So we can not trust results that do n't at least try to control for them .
A double or triple blind procedure allows a 2 - group experiment to control for them .
Rosenthal 's recommended 6 - group approach is three times more costly .
However it does n't merely control but measures the size of all three effects ( placebo , Hawthorne , and the material effect ) separately AND their interactions .
If the effects are n't there , that might be grounds for doing it more simply and cheaply in future .
But if they are , then without the larger design , we cannot know what size of effect to expect in real life , only that there is an effect that is independent of expectations .
Thus we could see a blind trial as somewhat like Shayer 's stage 1 ( establishing the existence of an effect ) , while the larger designs also address aspects of later practical stages .
Because placebo effects are so large and so prevalent in medicine , blind trials have become the standard there .
Nevertheless they do not give information about the size of benefit to be expected in real life use .
In fact it may initially be greater than in the trials , because the placebo effect will be unfettered ( everyone will expect it to work after the trials ) , but may decline to lower levels later .
Another way of looking at it is that blind trials test the effect of the ( say ) drug , but resolutely refuse to investigate the placebo and Hawthorne benefits even though these may possibly be of similar size and benefit to the patient .
Drug companies may reasonably stick to research that informs their concerns only , but those who either claim to investigate all causes or those that benefit patients or pupils have much less excuse .
Currently we do n't understand how any of these effects work .
This could probably be done , but would require some concentrated research e.g. on uncovering how expectancies are communicated ( cf. " clever Hans " ) unconsciously or anyway implicitly , and what expectancies are in fact generated .
Her comments relate to several points :
A general " Hawthorne " effect just predicts " improvements " .
If your intervention is meant to improve one specific aspect , and that aspect alone improves ( and you are measuring many aspects ) , the criticism loses plausibility .
A serious applied researcher is mainly interested in improving benefits : educators want better learning , doctors want more healthy patients , management consultants want more productive workers .
They do n't care much why the improvement happens ( only theorists care ) .
If you have to give someone a placebo to cure them , then surely you should ; and discovering that is as important as a " scientific " cure .
Brown then argues that in the original Hawthorne studies , there were not always improvements .
However when there were , they occurred only when the workers perceived that there were changes ; and that these were benefits from their viewpoint ; and that the workers were in control of the changes .
In her particular work , these are also central features of what she wanted to bring about in the classroom ( learner " empowerment " ) ; and so in this sense , the Hawthorne effect is exactly what she aimed for .
Adair , G. ( 1984 ) " The Hawthorne effect : A reconsideration of the methodological artifact " J. Appl. Psych . vol.69 ( 2 ) , 334-345
[ Reviews references to Hawthorne in the psychology methodology literature . ]
Angelos , P. ( 2007 ) " Sham Surgery in Clinical Trials " JAMA 297( 14 ) , 1545 - 1546 .
doi:10.1001/jama.297.14.1545-c
Bauernfeind , Robert H. , and Carl J. Olson ( 1973 ) " Is the Hawthorne Effect in Educational Experiments a Chimera ? "
The Phi Delta Kappan Vol.55 , No.4 ( Dec. , 1973 ) , pp.271-273 Stable URL : http://www.jstor.org/stable/20297533
Brown , A.L. ( 1992 ) " Design experiments : Theoretical and methodological challenges in creating complex interventions in classroom settings "
The Journal of the Learning Sciences , 2 ( 2 ) , pp.141-178
Carey , A. ( 1967 ) " The Hawthorne Studies : A radical criticism " American Sociological Review vol.32 pp.403�416
Carlos , L. , Cruz , L. A. P. da , Leopoldo , V. C. , Campos , F. R. de , Almeida , A. M. de , & Silveira , R. C. de C. P. ( 2016 ) .
Effectiveness of Traditional Chinese Acupuncture versus Sham Acupuncture : A Systematic Review .
Revista Latino - Americana De Enfermagem , 24 , e2762 .
doi:10.1590/1518-8345.0647.2762
Clark , R.E. & Sugrue , B.M. ( 1991 ) " Research on instructional media , 1978 - 1988 " in G.J. Anglin ( ed. )
Instructional technology : past , present , and future ch.30 pp.327-343 ( Libraries unlimited : Englewood , Colorado ) .
Cobb , L. A. , Thomas , G. I. , Dillard , D. H. , Merendino , K. A. , & Bruce , R. A. ( 1959 ) " An Evaluation of Internal - Mammary - Artery Ligation by a Double - Blind Technic " New England Journal of Medicine 260 ( 22 ) , 1115 - 1118 .
doi:10.1056/NEJM195905282602204
Coombs , S.J. & Smith , I.D. ( 2003 ) " The Hawthorne effect :
Is it a help or hindrance in social science research ? "
Change : Transformations in Education vol.6 no.1 pp.97-111 http://ses.library.usyd.edu.au//bitstream/2123/4494/1/Vol6No1Article7.pdf
Flynn , J.R. ( 2012 ) How to Improve your Mind : Twenty keys to unlock the modern world ( Wiley - Blackwell )
Franke , R.H. & Kaul , J.D. ( 1978 ) " The Hawthorne experiments : First statistical interpretation " American sociological review vol.43 pp.623-643
Franke , R.H. ( 1980 ) " Worker productivity at Hawthorne " Amer. Sociol .
Rev. vol.45 no.6 pp.1006-1027
French , J.R.P. ( 1953 ) " Experiments in field settings " ch.3 pp.98-135 in Festinger , L. , & Katz , D. Research methods in the behavioral sciences ( New York : Holt , Rinehart & Winston ) Cited , with a long quotation , by Jones ( 1992 , p.452 ) .
Gillespie , Richard , ( 1991 ) Manufacturing knowledge : a history of the Hawthorne experiments ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press ) [ Has an extensive bibliography of primary sources on Hawthorne . ]
Jastrow ( 1900 ) Fact and fable in psychology ( Boston : Houghton Mifflin ) [ I have n't seen this book myself . ]
Jones , Stephen R. G. ( 1992 ) " Was There a Hawthorne Effect ? "
The American Journal of Sociology vol.98 no.3 ( Nov. , 1992 ) , pp. 451-468 , from the abstract " the main conclusion is that these data show slender to no evidence of the Hawthorne Effect "
Kim , S. Y. H. , Frank , S. , Holloway , R. , Zimmerman , C. , Wilson , R. , & Kieburtz , K. ( 2005 ) .
" Science and Ethics of Sham Surgery : A Survey of Parkinson Disease Clinical Researchers " Archives of Neurology 62( 9 ) , 1357-1360 .
doi:10.1001/archneur.62.9.1357
Landsberger , Henry A. ( 1958 ) Hawthorne Revisited ( Ithaca , NY : Cornell University )
Lovett , R. " Running on empty " New Scientist 20 March 2004 vol.181 no.2439 pp.42-45
Marsh , H.W. ( 1987 ) " Student 's evaluations of university teaching : research findings , methodological issues , and directions for future research " Int. journal of educational research vol.11 no.3 pp.253-388 .
Mayo , E. ( 1933 ) The human problems of an industrial civilization ( New York : MacMillan )
McCambridge , J. , Witton , J. & Elbourne , D.R. ( 2014 ) " Systematic review of the Hawthorne effect : New concepts are needed to study research participation effects " Journal of clinical epidemiology vol.67 no.3 pp.267-277 doi:10.1016/j.jclinepi.2013.08.015
Moseley , J. B. , O'Malley , K. , Petersen , N. J. , Menke , T. J. , Brody , B. A. , Kuykendall , D. H. , Wray , N. P. ( 2002 ) " A Controlled Trial of Arthroscopic Surgery for Osteoarthritis of the Knee " New England Journal of Medicine 347( 2 ) , 81 -88 .
doi:10.1056/NEJMoa013259
Olson , R. , Verley , J. , Santos , L. & Salas , C. ( 1994 ) " What we teach students about the Hawthorne studies : A review of content within a sample of introductory I - O and OB textbooks "
Orne , M.T. ( 1973 ) " Communication by the total experimental situation :
Why is it important , how it is evaluated , and its significance for the ecological validity of findings " in P. Pliner , L.Krames & T.Alloway ( eds . ) Communication and affect pp.157-191 ( New York : Academic Press ) .
Parsons , H.M. ( 1974 ) " What happened at Hawthorne ? "
Science vol.183 , pp.922-932
[ A very detailed description , in a more accessible source , of some of the experiments ; used to argue that the effect was due to feedback - promoted learning . ]
Prasad , V. , & Cifu , A. S. ( 2019 ) .
" The Necessity of Sham Controls " The American Journal of Medicine , 132 ( 2 ) , e29-e30 .
doi:10.1016/j.amjmed.2018.07.030
Rice , Berkeley ( 1982 ) " The Hawthorne Defect : Persistence of a Flawed Theory . "
Psychology Today vol.16 no.2 pp.71 -74
Also at : http://wolfweb.unr.edu/homepage/markusk/Hawthorne.htm
Roethlisberger , F.J. & Dickson , W.J. ( 1939 ) Management and the Worker ( Cambridge , Mass. : Harvard University Press ) .
[ This is a large book ( more than 600 pages ) of details of the studies . ]
Roethlisberger , F.J. ( 1941 ) Management and morale ( Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press )
Rosenthal , R. ( 1966 ) Experimenter effects in behavioral research ( New York : Appleton ) .
Rosenthal , R. & Jacobson , L. ( 1968 , 1992 ) Pygmalion in the classroom : Teacher expectation and pupils ' intellectual development ( Irvington publishers : New York )
Rhem , J. ( 1999 ) " Pygmalion in the classroom " in The national teaching and learning forum vol.8 no.2 pp.1-4
Saretsky , G. ( 1972 ) " The OEO PC experiment and the John Henry effect " The Phi Delta Kappan Vol.53 No.9 ( May , 1972 ) , pp.579-581 Stable URL : http://www.jstor.org/stable/20373317
Schön , D.A. ( 1983 ) The reflective practitioner :
How professionals think in action ( Temple Smith : London ) ( Basic books ? )
Shayer , M. ( 1992 ) " Problems and issues in intervention studies " in Demetriou , A. , Shayer , M. & Efklides , A. ( eds . )
Neo-Piagetian theories of cognitive development : implications and applications for education ch. 6 pp.107-121 ( London : Routledge ) GoogleBook
Stolberg , S. ( 1999 ) .
" Sham Surgery Returns as a Research Tool " Retrieved August 13 , 2019 , from https://archive.nytimes.com/www.nytimes.com/library/review/042599surgery-ethics-review.html
Wall , P.D. ( 1999 ) Pain : the science of suffering ( Weidenfeld & Nicolson )
Wartolowska , K. , Judge , A. , Hopewell , S. , Collins , G. S. , Dean , B. J. F. , Rombach , I. , ... Carr , A. J. ( 2014 ) " Use of placebo controls in the evaluation of surgery : Systematic review " BMJ , 348 .
doi:10.1136/bmj.g3253
Zdep , S.M. & Irvine , S.H. ( 1970 ) " A reverse Hawthorne effect in educational evaluation " Journal of School Psychology vol.8 pp.89-95
Carroll , Robert Todd ( 2001 ? )
The Placebo Effect Accessed on 2004 - 05 - 19 .
[ Part of the Skeptics Dictionary .
Useful categorisation of possible types of mechanism for the placebo effect if it exists . ]
Hrobjartsson , Asbjorn ; Gotzsche , Peter C. ( 2001 ) " Is the Placebo Powerless ?
An Analysis of Clinical Trials Comparing Placebo with No Treatment " New England Journal of Medicine vol.344 no.21 May 2001 pp.1594-1602
[ Meta - analysis , destroying most but not all of the belief that there is evidence for a placebo effect . ]
Kienle G.S. & Kiene H. ( 1997 ) " The powerful placebo effect : fact or fiction ? " Journal of Clinical Epidemiology vol.50 no.12 pp.1311 - 8. [ Destroys Beecher 's original article ]
Petrie & Rief ( 2019 ) " Psychobiological Mechanisms of Placebo and Nocebo Effects : Pathways to Improve Treatments and Reduce Side Effects " Annual Review of Psychology vol.70 no.12 pp.1-27 doi:10.1146/annurev-psych-010418-102907
https://www.annualreviews.org/doi/pdf/10.1146/annurev-psych-010418-102907
Barsky , Arthur J. , Saintfort , Ralph Rogers , Malcolm P. Borus , & Jonathan F. ( 2002 ) JAMA ( Journal of the American Medical Association ) " Nonspecific Medication Side Effects and the Nocebo Phenomenon " vol.287 pp.622-627 .
Brooks , M. ( 2008 ) " Running on empty " New Scientist vol .??
issue 2670 of New Scientist magazine , 20 August 2008 , page 36 - 39
Dodes , John E. ( 2001 ? )
The Mysterious Placebo Accessed on 2001 - 01 - 19 .
Originally published in the January / February 1997 issue of Skeptical Inquirer .
A nice overview of the placebo effect and how it influences the study of alternative medicines .
Evans , Dylan ( 2003 ) Placebo : the Belief Effect ( Harper Collins )
Evans , M. Justified deception ?
The single blind placebo in drug research .
Journal of Medical Ethics 2000 ; 26(3) :188-193 .
Feynman , R.P. ( 1985 ) " Surely You 're Joking , Mr. Feynman ! "
Adventures Of A Curious Character ( London : Norton )
Kaptchuk , Ted J. ( 2002 ) " The Placebo Effect in Alternative Medicine : Can the Performance of a Healing Ritual Have Clinical Significance ? "
Annals of Internal Medicine vol.136 no.11 pp.817-825
Kriegeskorte , N. , Simmons , W.K. , Bellgowan , P.S.F. & Baker , C.I. ( 2009 ) " Circular analysis in systems neuroscience : the dangers of double dipping " Nature Neuroscience vol.12 pp.535-540 Published online : 26 April 2009 | doi:10.1038/nn.2303
McDonald CJ , Mazzuca SA , McCabe GP , Jr. How much of the placebo ' effect ' is really statistical regression ?
Statistics in Medicine 1983 ;2(4):417-27 .
Nimmo , Morag ( 2005 ) Placebo : Real , Imagined or Expected ?
A Critical Experimental Exploration Final year undergraduate Critical Review , Dept. of Psychology , University of Glasgow .
PDF copy .
Nordenberg , Tamar ( 2000 ) " The Healing Power of Placebos " FDA Consumer magazine
Price , D.D. , Finniss , D.G. & Benedetti , F. ( 2008 ) " A Comprehensive Review of the Placebo Effect : Recent Advances and Current Thought " Annu . Rev. Psychol . 2008 .
vol.59 pp.565�90
Senn SJ .
How much of the placebo ' effect ' is really statistical regression ?
[ letter ] .
Statistics in Medicine 1988 ; 7( 11 ) :1203 .
Senn SJ .
The ignoble lie [ letter ; comment ] .
Journal of Clinical Epidemiology 1992;45(11):1338 -40 .
Senn SJ. ( 1995 ) " A personal view of some controversies in allocating treatment to patients in clinical trials " [ see comments ]
Statistics in Medicine 1995 ; 14(24):2661 -74 .
Senn SJ. ( 1997 )
Are placebo run ins justified ?
British Medical Journal 1997;314(7088 ) :1191-3 .
Senn SJ. ( 2001 ) " The Misunderstood Placebo " Applied Clinical Trials 2001;10 ( 5):40 - 46 .
Senn SJ. ( 2002 ) " Ethical considerations concerning treatment allocation in drug development trials " Statistical Methods in Medical Research 2002 vol.11 pp.403-411 .
Senn SJ. ( 2003 ) Dicing with death ( CUP : Cambridge )
Senn , S. ( 2009 ) " Three things that every medical writer should know about statistics " The Write Stuff vol.18 no.3 pp.159-162
Simon , Steve ( 2003 ) " Ethics of a placebo group "
Woolfson , Jenny ( 2009 ) Questioning the Power of the Placebo Given the Substantial Psychological and Physiological effects Generated by Placebos , should Pharmacologically Inactive Medicines be considered Ineffective or Indispensable ?
PDF copy .
Zubieta et al. ( 2005 ) " Endogenous Opiates and the Placebo Effect "
The journal of neuroscience vol.25 no.34 p.7754-7762
DDR Professional Undelete Software
DDR Professional Undelete Software helps to restores deleted files and lost data from hard drives , pen drive and other data storage devices .
Data recovery program recover lost data from Memory card , Music players , USB drive , Digital cameras , Mobile phones etc in few mouse clicks .
Order DDR Professional Undelete Software
DDR Android Undelete Software
DDR Android Undelete Software helps you to recover deleted data from android mobile phone , tablet pc and other android devices .
Android data recovery software retrieves lost digital photos , pictures , documents , archives , emails , mp3 / mp4 files , folders , snaps and other valuable data using different search recovery algorithms .
Order DDR Android Undelete Software
NTFS Undelete Software
NTFS Undelete Software restores ntfs files accidentally deleted , formatted records from hard disk drive partitioned on NTFS and NTFS5 file system with advance data recovery support .
This excellent windows undelete software rapidly recover deleted file and undelete ntfs file damaged or corrupted due to various data loss grounds .
Order NTFS Undelete Software
Memory Card Undelete Software
Memory Card Undelete Software recovers lost files , restores corrupted formatted picture images from compact flash , MMC , SD card , XD - picture card and other flash memory .
Order Memory Card Undelete Software
Digital Camera Undelete Software
Digital Camera Undelete Software easily and safely recovers deleted data , retrieves windows data accidentally erased consisting of photo - images audio video files , undelete formatted files etc from various digital camera devices .
Order Digital Camera Undelete Software
DDR Mobile Phone Undelete Software
DDR Mobile Phone Undelete Software is useful program to recover deleted data from various kinds of cell phone .
Cell phone data undelete software restores lost files using different search recovery techniques .
Mobile recovery program successfully recovers deleted data in all major data loss scenarios without any data damage .
Order Mobile Phone Undelete Software
FAT Undelete Software
FAT Undelete Software restores accidentally deleted or lost data and it is specially designed to rapidly undelete a partition data loss after software error / malfunction and file / directory deletion .
Windows undelete software quickly and efficiently restore deleted files , missing data from logically crashed or formatted partitions .
Order FAT Undelete Software
Health officials said the flu season usually peaks in January or February each year .
Young children are particularly vulnerable to the flu , as are the elderly , pregnant women and people with weakened immune systems .
Each year , more than 200,000 people are hospitalized from flu complications and about 36,000 people die from the flu , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Of those hospitalized , about 20,000 are children .
Last year , the C.D.C. received reports that 86 children had died from flu - related complications .
There have been about five cases of pediatric flu- related illnesses that required hospitalization this season in New Jersey , Dr. Tan said .
A weekly report that tracks influenza in the state characterized influenza activity in mid-December as sporadic .
An advisory panel for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that all children ages 6 months to 18 years should receive an annual flu shot .
In New Jersey , preschoolers are also required to get a vaccine against the germ that causes pneumonia .
That vaccination was due at the beginning of the school year .
Sixth graders are required to get a vaccine against meningitis and a booster against tetanus , diphtheria and pertussis .
Children who enroll in school after the new year , perhaps from other states or countries , must also be vaccinated .
This fall , the New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice held a rally in Trenton that drew hundreds of parents who said they should be the ones to decide if their children need flu shots , not the state .
“ There ’s a huge trust gap between parents and public health officials right now , ” said Louise Kuo Habakus , who is a parent and spokeswoman for the New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice .
“ These are our kids .
We ’re stakeholders .
You have to give us a say in this debate . ”
Review by Duroyan Fertl
Critique of Intelligent Design : Materialism versus Creationism from Antiquity to the Present
By John Bellamy Foster , Brett Clark & Richard York
Monthly Review Press , 2008
240 pages
March 13 , 2009 --
In recent decades a form of militant creationism — masquerading as science under the name of “ Intelligent Design ” — has gone on the offensive , promoting the teaching of biblical creationism in schools , and carrying out a broader “ wedge strategy ” , aimed at transforming the place and nature of science in society .
Critique of Intelligent Design : Materialism versus Creationism from Antiquity to the Present , is almost overdue in this respect .
It traces the rise of the “ design ” phenomenon , and its relationship to conservative , right - wing politics , and places it in the context of a 2500 - year - long debate between materialism and creationism that lies at the heart of Western civilisation .
Critique of Intelligent Design is a tour de force through the historical contest between science and belief .
While the book focuses largely on recent centuries , it also traces the debate back as far as the fifth century BCE to Greek philosopher Socrates , and the third century BCE Greek materialist Epicurus , each of whom gave lasting form to the opposing arguments .
That this is not simply a history book becomes clear early on .
In identifying the minds behind the “ design ” movement — a reworking of pre-Darwinian natural theology — the authors find at the heart of the project not merely the reintroduction of religious ideas into classroom science , but the roll - back of scientific thought since the Enlightenment .
In fact , the authors show how the proponents of intelligent design see themselves as fighting a war against materialist science and reason that dates all the way back to ancient Greece .
While the chief targets of intelligent design adherents are Karl Marx , Sigmund Freud and — above all — Charles Darwin , key architects of the movement , like William Dembski of the right - wing Discovery Institute , also take aim at Epicurus , and the 1st century BCE Roman Lucretius poet , as the forefathers of the naturalism and materialism they seek to purge from society .
Their aim is not simply to incorporate evolution into creationism , or vice versa , but to gradually substitute the materialist outlook currently dominant in the sciences with a return to faith and a belief in “ divine providence ” .
The intelligent design movement ’s agenda extends well beyond the natural sciences , as becomes clear from a study of a very influential figure in the design movement : the author CS Lewis — most famous for his Christian parables posing as fantasy books in the Narnia series .
Now a patron figure for the intelligent design movement , Lewis was once a materialist , but became an outspoken source of Christian apologetics .
He advocated an essentially fundamentalist Christian worldview , where materialism poses an absolute threat to religion and belief .
As the authors unearth the history and providence of its rise , intelligent design is revealed to be little more than a stalking - horse for full - blown creationism , which rejects evolution , science and — ultimately — the idea that all existing things are determined above all by their physical nature , rather than by ideas , beliefs or religion .
What makes intelligent design most dangerous , in the eyes of the authors , is that it conducts a deliberate , insidious strategy of undermining scientific education and knowledge by stealth .
Instead of simply counterposing creationism to evolution , intelligent design injects religion into science by playing on people ’s doubts or ignorance , and attempts — as creation science tried years before — to give a “ scientific ” gloss to religious doctrine .
As the book illustrates , this strategy is even stated explicitly in the drafts of some of the intelligent design movement ’s key documents , most notably the infamous 1999 “ wedge document ” , and the book Of Pandas and People , which laid out the strategy of undermining science and materialism in favour of religious doctrine .
Another danger lies in the political connections of the intelligent design movement .
Like its forerunner , “ creation science ” , which relied on such patrons and spokesmen as Ronald Reagan , intelligent design has some powerful backers , including former US presidential candidate John McCain .
Critique of Intelligent Design is not the first book to unpack the design movement ’s agenda , however .
What makes it unique is that it avoids the temptation of engaging in a point - by - point refutation of the arguments , preferring instead to go to the heart of matter , and challenge the ideas of intelligent design on a fiercely materialist — and Marxist — basis .
The discussion of Marx ’s materialist approach is a vital part of this approach .
Despite being a key target of intelligent design ’s proponents , Marx is frequently ignored or excluded in materialist and sociological critiques of creationism and its offshoots , largely for political reasons .
Critique of Intelligent Design , therefore , fills a void in the generic argument for materialist evolutionism , especially on the question of religion .
Marx ’s critique of heaven as a precondition for the critique of Earth — and the very material interests of those who promote intelligent design — stands firmly alongside the revolutionary discoveries of Darwin as an affirmation of scientific materialism and poses a serious challenge to idealist and creationist arguments .
This is , of course , why the strategy of the intelligent design advocates is not limited to attacking Darwin , and naturalism within science , but has spread out into the political sphere through its attacks on social science .
The implications of evolution and materialist science fundamentally threaten the central tenets of creationism and undermine the literal interpretation of the Bible upon which it relies .
Despite the conciliatory attempts from many materialists , from Epicurus to Stephen Jay Gould , to accommodate religion in the “ gaps ” between scientific knowledge , the intelligent design movement is dedicated to one thing alone — the reintroduction of creationist fantasy into scientific methodology .
Two centuries after Darwin ’s birth , and 150 years after the publication of On the Origin of the Species , the knowledge that material reality is amazing and intelligible on its own terms , without the need for gods and demons , remains under assault .
Critique of Intelligent Design offers the tools to understand and defend the critical , materialist , thought that underpins the natural and social sciences alike , and to see that , as Darwin concluded his major work , “ there is a grandeur in this view of life ” .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 787 , March 18 , 2009 . ]
Teen Stabs Brother Over Video Game
The altercation began when a 17 year old was fighting with his mother over a video game .
Minutes later his younger 14 year old brother stepped in and stabbed his older brother 2 times in the back and 1 time in the hand .
The younger brother has been charged with aggravated assault .
In this tutorial , it is going to show you how to create five crazy photoshop …
Back in the day when people had busy lives and jobs they would find themselves completely out of suitable clothes to wear and then be forced to spend all day doing laundry .
During that time , if anyone came to the door , whether it was the mailman or an unexpected friend , the laundry - doer would feel compelled to yell , “ It ’s laundry day ! ”
It was the only way to explain how they came to be dressed in a mismatching disaster of spandex shorts , ill - fitting t- shirts , granny panties and no bra because there was absolutely nothing else to wear .
Unfortunately unemployment has a tendency to bring out the fashion beast in all of us , making the unemployed perfect candidates for “ What Not to Wear ” .
After gathering enough pieces to to assemble a core unemployment suit and realizing there ’s very little reason to get dressed let alone dressed up every day , the unemployed eventually phase out their socially appropriate attire in exchange for unspeakable atrocities like a green Google shirt mixed with orange and purple gym shorts from high school .
With most days spent at home , somewhere between looking for work , freaking out about having no money and wallowing in front of the TV in a fit of despair , the unemployed tend to go through their raggedy clothing surprisingly quick .
The free shirts , because of their large sizes , usually are the first to go .
Then , the shirts with holes followed by the shirts that should have been shredded into rags long ago .
Match those tops with a pair of cut - off sweat shorts or your best pair of ” for painting ” jeans and you ’re good to go if by go you mean lie on the couch .
The outfits that the unemployed once would n’t be caught dead in have suddenly become an everyday thing .
Admit it – look down at what you ’re wearing and ask yourself , “ Would I have worn this outside a year ago ? ”
If you say yes , you ’re probably lying .
At first , you dare to leave your house in your “ laundry day ” clothes to make a dash towards the mailbox , which becomes a quick trip to the post office , until it escalates into fully immersing yourself in public in such outfits .
Then , it suddenly becomes laundry day and not even because there ’s no more clothes left .
There are just no more comfortable items to wear .
In the closet hangs a bunch of perfectly suitable things to wear , but the unemployed just forlornly look in their dirty laundry pile at that super ugly but super comfortable shirt and wish it was clean .
They might have even previously dug that shirt out of the hamper to give it one last wear before washing it .
In a sort of reverse desperation , the unemployed have no choice but to reach for their :: shudder : : work clothes and head out to the laundromat to wash a bunch of rags all dressed in business casual .
When 90 % of your laundry is your former gym clothes , you know it ’s time to get a job .
There is no question that renewable energy is getting a lot of love from the federal government .
Exxon Mobil CEO
Rex Tillerson has a surefire way to stop that support dead in its tracks .
Another man with a plan .
( AP )
" If I wanted to kill [ tax subsidies ] , the thing to do is for Exxon Mobil to go and invest heavily in them and then Congress would immediately cancel the tax subsidy .
Actually what they would do is they would just cancel it for us , " said Mr. Tillerson , during the annual analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange .
He added : " In reality , that is what I fear would happen .
So we are not going to go into investments that are dependent on a government providing a tax system to make them viable . "
Re : Banned British MP takes aim at Israel – and Ottawa , March 24
British MP George Galloway may be pro-Palestinian , anti-imperialist , an anti-American and perhaps even a covert anti-Semite .
He may be a Neville Chamberlain - style appeaser who played into the hands of Saddam Hussein .
He is not , however , a realistic security threat to Canada .
As a Jewish Canadian , I suspect that Galloway 's " one- state solution " is code for the abolition of Israel , and that there is likely more than meets the eye to his sympathies with Hamas .
However , the very health of our democracy or , for that matter , of the internally split Israeli democracy , depends on the free and open expression of ideas , which can then come under the scrutiny of a free press .
Failing that , the main alternative is the Internet , where individuals often surf for views that confirm their prejudices and then go even further down the rabbit hole of monolithic opinion .
There is no reason to deny George Galloway his soapbox and good reason to have him meet other Canadian intellectuals in debate , which is what happened at Columbia University , for example , when Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was allowed to vent his implacably anti-Israel views .
If we ourselves can't allow democratic free speech , how can we expect fledgling democracies that were once dictatorships to do so ?
Ron Charach , MD , Toronto
Read more about :
[ / caption ]
NASA asked the public to vote on where they want the Hubble Space Telescope to be pointed in the “ Hubble , You Decide ” contest .
Nearly 140,000 votes were cast online to help decide .
And the winner is : a pair of interacting galaxies that look like they are hugging .
Called Arp 274 ( from the Arp Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies ) these two galaxies won over five other celestial candidates .
The Hubble observations will be taken during the International Year of Astronomy ’s “ 100 Hours of Astronomy , ” taking place April 2 – 5 .
The full - color galaxy image will be released publicly during that time .
Drawn together by their gravity , the two galaxies are starting to interact .
The spiral shapes of these galaxies are mostly intact , but evidence can be seen of the gravitational distortions they are creating within each other .
When galaxies interact and merge together , the gas clouds inside them often form tremendous numbers of new stars .
According to NASA : “ The new picture of Arp 274 promises to reveal intriguing never - before - seen details in the galactic grand slam . ”
We ’ll be sure to post the image when it is released .
Source : Hubblesite
Blowfish on " 24 "
Two nights ago , my encryption algorithm Blowfish was mentioned on the Fox show “ 24 . ”
An alleged computer expert from the fictional anti-terror agency CTU was trying to retrieve some files from a terrorist ’s laptop .
This is the exchange between the agent and the terrorist ’s girlfriend :
They used Blowfish algorithm .
How can you tell ?
By the tab on the file headers .
Can you decrypt it ?
CTU has a proprietary algorithm .
It should n’t take that long .
We ’ll start by trying to hack the password .
Let ’s start with the basics .
Write down nicknames , birthdays , pets — anything you think he might have used .
Posted on April 27 , 2005 at 12:26 PM • 114 Comments
Devil ’s Chicken
Thighs with Braised Leeks and Dijon Mustard
Adapted from Sunday Suppers at Lucques
We halved this but made a full recipe of the braised leeks .
Hey , we all have our priorities .
Serves 6 , or more if you have the kind of guests who only would want one thigh apiece .
12 chicken thighs , trimmed of excess skin and fat
1 cup thinly sliced onion
3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon thyme leaves
2 chiles de arbol , thinly sliced on the diagonal
2 fresh bay leaves , thinly sliced , or 2 dried leaves , crumbled
3/4 cup dry vermouth
2 cups fresh breadcrumbs
5 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 tablespoons chopped flat - leaf parsley
1/2 cup finely diced shallots
1/2 cup dijon mustard
1 extra-large egg
2 teaspoons chopped tarragon
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
3/4 cup chicken stock
Braised leeks ( recipe below )
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Place the chicken thighs in a large bowl with the sliced onion , 2 tablespoons thyme , chiles , bay leaves , and 1/4 cup vermouth .
Using your hands , toss to coat the chicken well .
Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours , preferably overnight .
Place the breadcrumbs in a medium bowl .
Heat large saute pan over medium heat for 1 minute .
Add 3 tablespoons butter , and cook until it ’s brown and smells nutty .
Use a rubber spatula to scrape the brown butter over the breadcrumbs .
Wait 1 minute , and then toss well with the parsley and 1 tablespoon thyme .
Preheat the oven to 375 °F .
Return the saute pan to medium heat for 1 minute .
Swirl in the remaining tablespoons butter , and when it foams , add the shallots and remaining 1 teaspoon thyme .
Saute about 2 minutes , until the shallots are translucent .
Add the remaining 1/2 cup vermouth and reduce by half .
Transfer to a bowl and let cool a few minutes .
Whisk in the mustard , egg , chopped tarragon , and a pinch of black pepper .
Remove the chicken from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking , to bring it to room temperature .
Discard the seasonings , and pat the chicken dry with paper towels .
After 15 minutes , season the thighs well on both sides with salt and pepper .
Return the same saute pan to high heat for about 2 minutes .
Swirl in the olive oil , and wait 1 minute .
Place the chicken thighs in the pan , skin side down , and cook 8 to 10 minutes , until the skin is a deep golden brown .
Turn the thighs over and cook a minute or two on the other side .
Place the chicken on the braised leeks .
Turn off the heat and discard the fat .
Add the chicken stock to the pan , and scrape with a wooden spoon to release the crispy bits stuck to the bottom .
Pour the chicken stock over the braised leeks .
Toss the chicken thighs in the bowl with the mustard mixture , slathering them completely , and then rearrange them over the braised leeks .
Spoon any remaining mustard mixture over the chicken thighs .
Top each thigh with breadcrumbs , patting with your hands to make sure they get nicely coated .
( You want lots of mustard mixture and lots of breadcrumbs . )
Bake about 40 minutes , until the chicken is just cooked through .
To check for doneness , piece the meat near the bone with a paring knife ; when ready , the juices from the chicken will run clear .
Turn the oven up to 475 °F and cook the chicken thighs another 10 minutes , until the breadcrumbs are golden brown .
Serve in the baking dish , or transfer to a large warm platter .
Braised Leeks
Adapted from Sunday Suppers at Lucques
You can pair these with the chicken dish above but seriously , if this recipe seems too daunting altogether , at least promise you ’ll make these alone .
With a hard or soft - cooked egg , a mustard vinaigrette , a sharp salad and crusty bread , you ’ll have the best meal ever .
And this dish reheats great — we actually made this part a day or two in advance .
6 large leeks
About 3/ 4 cup extra - virgin olive oil ( though I always skimp and use less )
1 cup sliced shallots
1 tablespoon thyme leaves
1/2 cup dry white wine
1 1/2 to 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock or water
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
Preheat the oven to 400 °F .
Remove any bruised outer layers from the leeks .
Trim off to the roots , leaving the root end intact .
Trim the tops of the leeks on the diagonal , leaving 2 inches of the green part attached .
Cut the leeks in half lengthwise , and submerge in a large bowl of cold water to clean them .
Shake the leeks well to dislodge the dirt stuck inside .
Let them sit a few minutes , to allow any grit inside the layers to fall to the bottom of the bowl .
Repeat the process until the water is clean .
Place the leeks , cut side down , on a towel and pat dry completely .
Turn the leeks over so their cut sides are facing up , and season with 2 teaspoons salt and a few grindings of black pepper .
Heat a large saute pan over medium - high heat for 2 minutes .
Pour in 1/4 cup olive oil , and wait 1 minute .
Place the leeks in the pan , cut side down , being careful not to crowd them .
( you will probably need to saute them in batches or in two pans .
Add more olive oil to the pan as needed , for each batch . )
Sear them 4 to 5 minutes , until they are golden brown .
Season the backs of the leeks with salt and pepper , and turn them over to cook another 3 to 4 minutes .
Transfer them to a large gratin dish , lining them up , cut sides facing up .
( Choose a baking dish or gratin dish that can go from oven to table and that will accommodate all the leeks and chick thighs , or use two smaller dishes . )
Pour 1 / 4 cup olive oil into the pan and heat over medium heat .
Add the shallots , thyme , 1/4 teaspoon salt , and a pinch of pepper .
Cook about 5 minutes , until the shallots are just beginning to color .
Add the white wine and reduce by half .
Add 1 1/2 cups stock , and bring to a boil over high heat .
Pour the liquid over the leeks .
The stock should not quite cover them ; add more stock if necessary .
Braise in the oven 30 minutes , until the leeks are tender when pierced .
( This always takes longer in my oven , but is less to be concerned about if you ’re going to top them with the chicken , in which case they ’ll have plenty of additional baking time . )
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
WASHINGTON — Senate Democrats reached an agreement with Republican moderates on Friday to pare a huge economic recovery measure , clearing the way for approval of a package that President Obama said was urgently needed in light of mounting job losses .
The deal , announced on the Senate floor , was a result of two days of tense negotiations and political theater .
Mr. Obama dispatched his chief of staff to Capitol Hill to help conclude the talks and reassure senators in his own party , and he called three key Republicans to applaud them for their patriotism .
Earlier , when it looked as if a vote might take place Friday night , officials said , a government plane was dispatched to Florida to bring back Senator Edward M. Kennedy , a Massachusetts Democrat who has brain cancer .
The fine print was not immediately available , and the numbers were shifting .
But in essence , the Democratic leadership and two centrist Republicans announced they had struck a deal on about $ 110 billion in cuts to the roughly $ 900 billion legislation — a deal expected to provide at least the 60 votes needed to send the bill out of the Senate and into negotiations with the House , which has passed its own version .
A police officer in Seattle has pleaded not guilty to assaulting a 15 year old girl in custody , despite footage showing him dishing out a savage beating .
Deputy Paul Schene stands accused of fourth - degree assault , including kicking the girl in the abdomen , slamming her against a wall and pulling her hair at SeaTac City Hall in November .
The King County Sheriff ’s Office released a video surveillance tape showing the incident .
The girl kicks off one of her shoes , which Schene claims struck him in the shin , injuring him , although he ’s off camera as the shoe flies .
Here ’s the footage of the incident .
How he can plead not guilty with this footage is staggering .
Note , the footage may upset some viewers .
SINGAPORE ( Reuters Life ! ) -
When it comes to money , women really are more responsible then men , with an international survey finding that they ’re less likely to get into debt and strive harder to become financially independent .
The global Reuters Synovate survey polled some 4,500 women in 12 countries about money matters .
An equal number of men were also asked several questions related to finances .
The survey showed that just over half respondents of both genders said women are more responsible with money than men , with the highest level of agreement found in Mexico , where 72 percent of people believed women were better at handling finances .
And although more than 40 percent of women use part of their monthly income to pay off credit cards , some 70 percent of female respondents also said that having more than one credit card could lead to financial debt , revealing women ’s higher awareness .
“ It ’s obviously not the card itself that causes anyone to use it .
So the statement is really about control and temptation , ” said Claire Braverman , international market research firm Synovate ’s senior vice president of Financial Services in the United States .
“ The ability to spend more , that you do n’t have in the first place , can certainly lead to debt .
It means people have to control themselves and their spouses , ” she added .
More women believed in their financial ability than men , with 61 percent saying they were more responsible , while only 40 percent of men agreed .
But nearly half the women surveyed also conceded that they were bigger spenders than their male counterparts , with nearly 60 percent of men agreeing .
The survey was conducted in December in Australia , Brazil , Bulgaria , Canada , France , Indonesia , Malaysia , Mexico , the Netherlands , South Africa , Britain , and the United States .
Synovate ’s Braverman said the survey ’s findings could help financial companies understand women ’s needs , as they tend to live longer than men , and typically have less money on retiring .
Women who pool their finances with a spouse or a partner are also likely to suffer more if the relationship ends .
“ Some women have checks in place to guard against this happening to them , some do n’t .
Some are financially savvy , and some are simply not interested , ” she said .
“ This adds up to an urgent need for financial services companies to understand women and cater to their specific needs and the situations in which they are likely to find themselves , planned or unplanned , ” she added .
Nearly six in 10 women considered themselves to be financially independent , which for 41 percent meant not having to rely on a partner for money and living debt - free for a third of respondents .
The survey , however , found that despite their independence , 43 percent of women believed that a man should be responsible for the mortgage or the house payments .
In case you have n’t heard , one of Firefox 3.1 ’s awesome new features will be native JSON support .
This is totally sweet for two reasons :
eval ’ing JSON in the browser is unsafe .
Using native JSON parsing protects you against possible code execution .
Safely eval ’ing JSON with a 3rd party library can be orders of magnitude slower .
Native JSON parsing is much faster .
How does native JSON work compared to plain old eval ?
Simple :
var jsonString = ' { " name " : " Ryan " , " address " : " Mountain View , CA " } ' ; var person = JSON.parse ( jsonString ) ; // ' person ' is now a JavaScript object with 2 properties ; name and address
Pretty easy huh ?
And here ’s how to get a JSON string from an object :
var personString = JSON.stringify ( person ) ; // ' personString ' now holds the string ' { " name " : " Ryan " , " address " : " Mountain View , CA " } '
“ But wait ! ” , you say .
“ How is it safer ?
How much faster is it compared to eval ? ” .
Ok , I ’ll show you .
Native JSON parsing in Firefox 3.1 is safer because it does not support objects with functions .
Attempting to convert an object with functions into a JSON string will only convert its properties and not its functions .
And any malformed JSON string will result in a parse error instead of possible code execution .
Now , regarding speed , native JSON parsing is faster , much faster .
Instead of pretty charts and graphs , I ’ll give you a real - world example .
The new Graph Server uses a JSON API to fetch test information and results , so I figured it would be a good application to benchmark .
So I wrapped our code that parses the JSON response with some Firebug profiler calls :
console.time ( ' parsejson ' ) ; var obj = eval ( ' (' + resp + ' ) ' ) ; console.timeEnd(' parsejson ' ) ;
Loading a test ’s results ( array with 3,000 indexes , 24 k gzipped ) gave me a time of 125 ms .
( Repeated tests yielded results +/- 5 ms ) .
Then I changed eval to JSON . parse :
console.time ( ' parsejson ' ) ; var obj = JSON.parse ( resp ) ; console.timeEnd(' parsejson ' ) ;
Which resulted in an average time of 40 ms !
That ’s about 2.7 times faster with 1 line of code changed .
Not bad !
Granted , a difference of 80 ms is n’t that much , but in an AJAX ( or , more accurately , AJAJ ? ) application , it can add up .
What ’s the use of native JSON if it ’s only available in Firefox ?
Luckily , IE8 has implemented it in RC1 , which is rumored to be released in March .
Hopefully other browsers will follow suit too , but for now it ’s best to use a JSON parser such as the one on json.org .
It ’s small , safe and will not override native JSON implementation if detected .
Points to remember :
I tend not to write too much about Twitter these days .
God knows enough gets written about it elsewhere .
But we had such a great experience with Twitter at Hacking Education on Friday that I feel compelled to share it with everyone .
Hacking Education was what we call a " Union Square Sessions " event .
We 've done a number of sessions events now and we use the same format for all of them .
We find a nice venue here in NYC , we put together a big table where everyone faces each other , and we talk for five or six hours about a single topic .
There are no presentations , no panels , just discussion that is lightly moderated by the Union Square Ventures team .
We record , transcribe , and photograph the event so its easily bloggable .
And there have been some terrific blog posts that have come out of these events in prior years .
This year we added Twitter to the mix .
Here 's a picture of Sir Ken Robinson kicking off Hacking Education :
You 'll notice on the far wall that we had Twitter up on the big screen .
It was up there all day .
We set up a hashtag ( #hackedu ) and announced that publicly in a number of ways .
At the start of the event , most of the messages on the Twitter screen were coming from the room .
David Wiley , John Bischke , and Jeff Jarvis where effectively liveblogging the event .
It was interesting to see what nuggets they " pulled " from the discussion and shared with the outside world .
It is hard to moderate a conversation of 40 people and there are times when several people want to make a point but one gets the opportunity .
I started to notice that the others would simply post their thought to twitter instead which allowed the rest of the room to see what they wanted to say in parallel with the point that was being made live .
So within an hour of the start of the event , we had a very lively discussion flowing on Twitter .
Then I saw people outside of the event start to take notice and send out notes to their followers that the discussion on the #hackedu tag was getting interesting .
That brought quite a few new people to the Twitter stream that were not in the room .
By 11:30 am ( an hour and a half into the session ) #hackedu was trending on Twitter .
It eventually got to be the fifth most popular item on Twitter search and stayed there the rest of the afternoon ( but fell off during lunch when nobody was posting from inside the session ) .
I found it very easy to both listen and participate in the live conversation and also follow the discussion on Twitter .
It helped that my seat was directly facing the big screen ( I took the Sir Ken photo with my blackberry ) .
So here are my top three takeaways from the experience :
1 ) Twitter adds a lot of value to a live event if you have enough people at the event who are comfortable live blogging it .
In our case , three or four active participants was enough .
Their job , so to speak , is to find the juiciest comments and throw them up on the board .
2 ) It also provides a way for less agressive people in the group to share their thoughts with the rest of the group even when they can't get a word in edgewise .
3 ) It provides an ability for others who are not at the event to both follow the event live but also contribute to the event in real time .
When we do this next time , I am going to make sure we do a few things differently .
First , I think there should be at least two large screens so that nobody has their back to the Twitter stream .
Also , I think we should have tried to loop the conversation happening outside of the room back into the room .
Maybe have one person whose job it is to pull the most interesting tweets coming from outside the room and feed them into the conversation .
If you are doing an event , whether its a small invitation only event like ours , or a larger public event like a conference , I highly recommend you include a live Twitter stream as part of the conversation .
It 's a big win for everyone .
The breed and the arrival date are settled upon , says the First Lady – now comes the name
The whole world , it seems , wants to know :
What kind of dog are the Obamas getting and , for goodness sake , when ?
Speaking to PEOPLE at the White House recently , Michelle Obama leaned in and confided : “ You ’re getting some scoops here . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
So , when ?
In April , Mrs. Obama says – after she and the President take daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , on a vacation for spring break .
Here ’s a sample of a typical family conversation on the matter : “ So Sasha says , ‘ April 1st . ’
I said , ‘ April . ’
She says , ‘ April 1st . ’
It ’s , like , April ! , ” Mrs. Obama recalls .
“ Got to do it after spring break .
You ca n’t get a new dog and then go away for a week . ”
And what kind of dog will soon be frolicking on the South Lawn ?
Mrs. Obama says she thinks she is going to look for a rescue Portuguese Water dog who is “ old enough ” and a “ match ” for the family dynamic .
“ Temperamentally they ’re supposed to be pretty good , ” she says of the breed that Sen .
Ted Kennedy has also lobbied for ( he has two Water dogs of his own ) .
“ From the size perspective , they ’re sort of middle of the road – it ’s not small , but it ’s not a huge dog .
And the folks that we know who own them have raved about them .
So that ’s where we ’re leaning . ”
The Name Game
The only thing still up in the air is the name .
And Mom ’s not feeling it with some of the names her girls have come up with .
“ Oh , the names are really bad .
I do n’t even want to mention it , because there are names floating around and they ’re bad , ” Mrs. Obama says with a laugh .
“ You listen and you go – like , I think , Frank was one of them .
Frank !
Moose was another one of them .
Moose .
I said , well , what if the dog is n’t a moose ?
Moose .
I ’m like , no , come on , let ’s work with the names a little bit . ”
Asked if she can believe the public interest in her family dog search , Mrs. Obama shakes her head .
“ Okay , that ’s surprising , ” she says .
“ One of the things I did n’t anticipate is the level of the excitement about the dog .
I knew my kids were excited .
They ’ve been excited for years .
They ’ve even calmed down , because they feel like , ‘ They said we ’re going to get one , so let ’s just shut up about it . ’ ”
Diplomatically , and careful not to insult enthusiastic dog-lovers , she adds : “ It ’s all great and gracious attention .
People are just being as helpful as you can imagine .
So I know that we will find the perfect breed .
And we ’ll find people who are caring folks who will help us find the dog of our dreams . ”
For more from this interview , including Michelle Obama ’s views on fashion and her family ’s daily White House routine , pick up the new PEOPLE , on newsstands Friday
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Israel called off its three - week offensive in the Gaza Strip on Saturday , saying Hamas was “ badly beaten , ” but the Islamist group vowed to fight on in a war that has killed 1,200 Palestinians in the coastal enclave .
Within minutes of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert announcing that a unilateral ceasefire would start three hours later at 2 a.m. ( 0000 GMT ) on Sunday , several missiles struck southern Israel .
“ Conditions have been created whereby the goals set at the launch of the operation have been more than fully achieved , ” Olmert said in a televised address from army headquarters .
He said Hamas ’s ability to fire rockets at southern Israeli towns also had been severely limited .
Olmert also cited what he described as internationally - backed understandings with Egypt , the Gaza Strip ’s southern neighbor , on preventing Hamas , which has smuggled in rockets through tunnels under the border , from rearming .
After 22 days of war that has killed hundreds of civilians , many of Gaza ’s 1.5 million people are desperate for a respite .
But Hamas officials said that until Israeli forces withdrew from the territory and agreed to end a long blockade that has crippled Gaza ’s economy , they would not hold their fire .
“ A unilateral ceasefire does not mean ending the aggression and ending the siege , ” spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said .
“ These constitute acts of war so this wo n’t mean an end to resistance . ”
But Olmert said the troops would remain in place and hit back if the Palestinians tried to fight on : “ If our enemies decide the blows they ’ve been dealt are not sufficient and they are interested in continuing the fight , Israel will be prepared for such and feel free to continue to react with force . ”
Slideshow ( 14 images )
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon hailed the ceasefire but also urged Israel to pull out its forces from Gaza rapidly .
Slideshow ( 14 images )
EGYPTIAN DIPLOMACY
Olmert said the ceasefire plan responded to an appeal from Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , who has been at the spearhead of international diplomatic efforts to end the conflict .
But Olmert , who will be stepping down soon after a February 10 election , Israel chose to shun a negotiated accord with Hamas and to simply hold its fire , denying the Islamists , who are committed to the destruction of the Jewish state , the deal they sought on easing Israel ’s punitive blockade on the territory .
Hamas ’s Barhoum called it “ an attempt to pre-empt the Egyptian efforts ... that seek to achieve a withdrawal of the occupying forces , an end to the siege and a ceasefire . ”
Olmert indicated he expected an end to combat : “ The campaign has proven Israel ’s power and strengthened its deterrence . ”
He also said he would work with Mubarak to tighten security on Gaza ’s Egyptian border -- a key goal of Israel which wants to prevent Hamas rearming through smuggling tunnels .
Despite the lack of any clear deal at this stage , Mubarak invited a pack of European leaders to a short - notice summit on Sunday that is meant to come up with ways to bolster the truce in Gaza and to ease the plight of the civilian population crammed into the 45 - km ( 28 - mile ) sliver of coast .
The Geithner Plan , Part 2
In my last post I argued that the auctions Sec. Geithner is ( by all accounts ) about to propose as part of his plan to solve the problems with the banking industry might not work at all ; that if they did work , they would do so by giving buyers an incentive to overpay , with both their dollars and ours , for troubled assets ; and that the plan therefore represented an enormous gamble , with our money , on the proposition that those assets are presently undervalued .
In what follows , I want to describe a different and more troubling way in which these auctions might tempt people to overpay .
This is a problem I have not seen discussed elsewhere , and I have wavered about whether or not I should write about it : it might be that the reason it has n’t been discussed elsewhere is that I just do n’t have any idea what I ’m talking about , and this really wo n’t be a problem .
I decided to go ahead and write it up , but bear in mind : I ’m a philosophy professor , not an economist .
That said :
A lot of the “ toxic assets ” are very hard to value .
They are not traded all that often , and there are not a lot of comparable sales to use as a guide .
This means that the prices arrived at in an auction might serve several different functions .
One function is obvious : when a buyer and seller agree on a price for some asset , that asset will change hands at that price .
In addition , though , for any asset of a kind that is ( a ) both rarely traded or otherwise hard to assign a price to , and ( b ) in some way comparable to other assets , the price that emerges from an auction might also be used as data for setting values for other , similar assets .
If the auction price is low , regulators might force the owners of comparable assets to write those assets down .
Thus , the owners of comparable assets would seem to have an interest in those prices being as high as possible .
If the private parties to the auction had to put up 100 % of the money , then we would n’t have to worry as much about those owners ’ trying to bid up the prices of the assets in order not to have to write down comparable assets : it would probably cost them too much and be too risky .
But the less money they have to put on the line , the more likely it becomes that the amount they need to risk to drive prices up is less than the amount they would stand to lose if they had to write their comparable assets down .
We are about to ask private parties to put down very little money to participate in this auction .
Worse , in some cases we will guarantee against losses , which would seem to remove the risk from bidding too high .
This seems like an invitation to banks that are worried about the prices that might be discovered in such an auction to bid higher than they would if they had no concerns about the value of comparable assets .
Possibly quite a lot higher .
The most obvious way to deal with this is to create rules about who can participate in the auctions .
Clearly the original owners of the assets should not be allowed to bid on them .
But it seems to me that for the reasons just outlined , no one who owns comparable assets should be allowed to bid on them either .
Those people have a conflict of interest : as owners of comparable assets , they have an interest in having those assets seem to be more valuable than they actually are .
It would be fairly easy to exclude these two kinds of firms , and people employed by them , from participating in the auctions .
But consider a third group : firms that do not own any such assets , but that do a lot of business with firms that do , and that stand to lose a lot if any of those other firms go under .
Those firms also have an interest in overpricing those assets .
They would probably be pretty hard to exclude .
But if they overpay for these assets , we are all on the hook .
Moreover , excluding people from firms who own comparable assets , let alone people from firms with substantial exposure to those who do , would exclude a lot of the people who would , offhand , seem most interested in participating in such an auction , and most knowledgeable about the assets being auctioned off .
I , for instance , have no conflict of the kind I ’ve just described , but that ’s because I have no experience whatsoever in this kind of investment .
For that reason , I ’d be a terrible person for the government to invite to participate in these auctions .
It ’s worth asking just how many unconflicted firms with the expertise to make this kind of investment and do well at it there are .
As I said at the outset : I ’m sure you all normally bear in mind the possibility that I might be wrong , but I ’m especially likely to be wrong about this point .
I ’d love to hear any views about whether , and how , I am .
If I ’m right , though , this is one more reason why we should expect the prices set by the auctions to be too high .
And if they are too high , that means we , the taxpayers , are paying too much .
A tipster sent us a link to this couch dress , which falls right on that line where appealing and appalling meet .
Question :
Why does n't it have sleeves ?
Too much ?
[ Panalaine ]
Advertisement
As consumerist noticed , Facebook changed their TOS to make it even more worse as it even was .
Back then it said :
You hereby grant Facebook an irrevocable , perpetual , non-exclusive , transferable , fully paid , worldwide license ( with the right to sublicense ) to ( a ) use , copy , publish , stream , store , retain , publicly perform or display , transmit , scan , reformat , modify , edit , frame , translate , excerpt , adapt , create derivative works and distribute ( through multiple tiers ) , any User Content you ( i ) Post on or in connection with the Facebook Service or the promotion thereof subject only to your privacy settings or ( ii ) enable a user to Post , including by offering a Share Link on your website and ( b ) to use your name , likeness and image for any purpose , including commercial or advertising , each of ( a ) and ( b ) on or in connection with the Facebook Service or the promotion thereof .
So any content you upload to facebook is theirs anyway , they can use it whereever they want for whatever they want .
This is not new though .
What ’s new is that they removed this paragraph in their version from Feb 4th :
You may remove your User Content from the Site at any time .
If you choose to remove your User Content , the license granted above will automatically expire , however you acknowledge that the Company may retain archived copies of your User Content
.
So even if you remove your data from facebook it ’s still „ their “ data .
Additionally I wonder if they do n’t need to notice you that they have changed their TOS .
And this regulation even survives if you „ terminate “ your use of Facebook , whatever „ terminate “ means ( or is there a way to remove your account in the meanwhile , I mean completely with all your data ?
But the clause above states clearly that data is not deleted completely anyway ) .
How to fight this ?
The problem is that most people are not aware of this issue .
They might not even think about this until they have a problem .
But then it ’s too late .
But it ’s the user ’s data we are talking about and sites like Facebook live from this data , it ’s their bread and butter and so ( naturally ? ) they try to own as much of it as they can .
But because it ’s their bread and butter users can also demand to handle this issue otherwise ( and Facebook is of course not the only site with doubtful TOS ) .
If you want to help you might want to join the EULA&TOS Taskforce of the DataPortability Project where we try come up with easy to understand questions you can ask your social networking site , like „ will my data be deleted when I leave ? “ , „ will my data be shared with 3rd parties ? “ and so on .
The idea is similar to the Creative Commons folks where there are easy to recognize icons which describe what you can or cannot do with some publication .
We want something similar but for your data .
Having such a tool at hand will make it easier for consumers to understand what the problems are about and they have something to ask for .
For more information visit the Taskforce homepage and join the DataPortability discussion .
The next phone conference will be wednesday , 25th Feb , 2000 UTC .
Technorati Tags : , , , ,
They say Marc Andreessen , co-founder of Netscape and co-author of the Mosaic browser , once said :
[ An operating system ] is just a bag of drivers .
People have been fantasizing about the web as application platform for as long as we ’ve had it .
Nearly a decade later , we ’re really just getting started at realizing this vision –of truly reproducing the power of traditional operating system APIs inside of the browsers .
While some have had this vision of browser - as - application - runtime since the beginning , most of us have traditionally viewed the browser as a web page renderer .
It ’s only been in the past few years that some have begun to push hard on changing this status quo .
Google stands out in this group both with the creation of boundary - pushing “ desktop - quality ” applications like Gmail and in describing Google Chrome as an application run-time , not a page viewer . [ 1 ]
Here in the Mozilla Developer Tools Lab , we ’ve been pondering the various gaps in the tool - chain when you treat the browser as a serious , OS - grade application run-time .
We ’ll talk more about the landscape of tools and what ’s available in a different post .
In this one , we ’d like to talk about one of the gaps we ’ve found : memory tools .
The Memory Problem
It ’s a rare application developer indeed who does n’t wish their GUI to be “ snappy ” .
In technical terms , Jakob Nielsen defines snappy as responding to user input within a tenth of a second .
To put that in perspective , that ’s shorter than it takes the average person to blink their eye .
If an application ’s appetite for memory crosses over into gluttony , it can put a developer ’s snappiness ambitions at risk .
There are at least a couple of reasons why .
First , applications have a finite amount of memory available to them .
When the operating system runs out of memory , a cool trick lets them supplement disk space for memory , but when this happens , performance hits the floor –hard drives , being mechanical , are orders of magnitude slower than memory .
While web applications do n’t directly interact with the operating system to obtain memory , the browser does both for its own internal functions and as a proxy to the appetite of the web applications it is displaying , and as a web application ’s memory consumption grows , so does that of the browser .
Therefore , if an individual web application ’s memory needs grow sufficiently large , it can force the operating system to start dipping into disk space to provide sufficient memory , and when this happens , kiss any semblance of responsiveness goodbye .
Since there ’s no way for a web application to know how much memory is available before this performance doomsday occurs , its good behavior to make your memory footprint as svelte as possible .
Garbage Collection and You
But there ’s another , much more important reason why small web application memory footprints are good .
It has to do with the way memory is handled in a browser .
Like Java and pretty much any scripting language , JavaScript manages memory allocation for developers .
This frees developers from having to deal with the tedious bookkeeping associated with manual memory management , but it comes at a cost .
That cost is embodied by the garbage collector .
As a web application executes , it is constantly creating new objects , most of which are fairly transient–they are part of a transaction that has completed , like creating some short - lived jQuery objects to look - up some DOM elements .
These objects consume memory .
Eventually , the web application has created enough objects and is therefore consuming enough memory that the collector needs to wade through all the objects to see which ones are no longer being used and therefore represent memory that can be released .
This is where the performance implication comes in .
To do its work , the collector stops the web application ’s execution .
Typically , this happens so fast that the user does n’t notice .
But when a web application creates lots and lots of objects , and these objects are n’t transient , the collector has a lot of work to do–it must go through all of these objects to ferret out the ones that are no longer used .
This is turn results in delays that the user can perceive–and impairs the application ’s responsiveness .
Leaks
To be clear , most web pages and web applications do n’t push the browser ’s memory limitations enough to cause performance problems related to either of the scenarios above .
As stated at the outset , this blog entry is about those web applications that need to treat the browser as a high - performance run-time , which in the context of this entry means that they have much - larger - than - average memory requirements .
However , these issues apply to more than just those web apps that are designed to use large amounts of memory ; they can also apply to long - running applications which , over time , gradually consume small amounts of memory until the footprint grows to be quite large .
When an application consumes more memory than its designers intended , it is said to leak memory . [ 2 ]
And this leads in turn to a third way in which memory can give the shift to performance : when the browser itself leaks memory .
It turns out that mere mortals have created web browsers , and every so often they ’ve made mistakes which can trigger either of the two scenarios described above .
Diagnosing the Problem
So how do you as a developer go about troubleshooting these sorts of problems ?
Today , there ’s really only one way good way to do it : use the operating system ’s tools .
Unfortunately , this option does n’t provide the right level of detail ; you can either see how much memory the browser is consuming in aggregate ( which is fine to let you know that your memory use is increasing , but does n’t tell you why ) or you can see which data structures in the browser itself are consuming the memory ( which is fine if understand the guts of the browser , but it ’s pretty hard for anyone else to understand how this maps into the web application they ’ve developed ) .
What ’s missing is a tool targeted at web developers that makes it easy to understand what ’s happening with their application ’s memory usage .
We propose to create such a tool .
Start Small , Start Focused
Our plan is to start small and address two key needs that are presently unmet by any of the existing , developer - friendly , easy - to - use tools we ’ve seen on any browser .
These needs are :
Understand the memory usage of an application Understand the garbage collector ’s behavior
While here in the Developer Tools Lab we ’re most interested in creating developer tools for the entire web community ( i.e. , not just Firefox users ) , in this case because the tool will need some pretty deep integration with the browser , we ’re going to start with Firefox ( because we sit close to the engineers who work on it ) .
We plan on the initial implementation of this tool to be simple .
For memory usage , we want to introduce the ability to visualize the current set of non-collectible JavaScript objects at any point in time ( i.e. , the heap ) and give you the ability to understand why those objects are n’t collectible ( i.e. , trace any object to a GC root ) .
For the garbage collector , we want to give you a way to understand when a collection starts and when it finishes and thus understand how long it took .
Help Us !
This is obviously a small step into a large world .
Is it a good first step ?
What do you think we should do differently ?
We ’d love to hear from you , and thanks for reading !
[ 1 ]
Of course , Firefox does a fine job of acting as application run-time ; my point is that Google was the first to call out web applications as a distinct class of web content and to talk in terms of supporting these for their mainstream browser .
Incidentally , Mozilla Labs ’
Prism project sought to pioneer this idea years before .
[ 2 ] I ’m using the term “ leak ” in a much more general way than is common in most developer communities .
Traditionally , the term is applied to an application that allocates memory and then neglects to deallocate it when done .
Because a language like JavaScript does n’t allow developers to manually allocate or deallocate memory , it is impossible to leak at the JS level in this sense .
But in my broader sense , any time a developer unintentionally creates memory footprint ( e.g. , by continuously storing objects in a hash in a mis-designed cache , etc. ) , I consider it a leak .
This broader definition is borrowed from the Java community .
[ 3 ] Image of Marc Andreessen taken from http://images.businessweek.com/ss/08/05/0520_valleyboys/source/4.htm
[ 4 ]
Image of the Google Chrome comic book taken from http://www.google.com/googlebooks/chrome/
[ 5 ] Image of Jakob Nielsen taken from http://www.useit.com/
CHARDON , Ohio -
A woman has pleaded guilty to reckless homicide for exercising her 73 - year - old husband to death in a swimming pool .
Police in Middlefield , Ohio , said surveillance video showed 41 - year - old Christine Newton - John pulling James Mason around the pool by his arms and legs and preventing him from leaving .
Mason had a heart attack on June 2 after the extended swim session .
Newton - John pleaded guilty Thursday and faces up to five years in prison .
Police Chief Joseph Stehlik said he counted 43 times on the videotape in which Newton - John prevented her husband from leaving the water .
He said Mason rested his head on the side of the pool several times while gasping for breath .
Stehlik says Mason 's death was investigated because of previous complaints that he was abused .
Mason was a longtime friend of his wife 's family .
He knew her as John Vallandingham before she had gender reassignment surgery in 1993 and changed her name .
They married in 2006 .
Police did not immediately respond to a call Saturday seeking comment on a motive .
The probe was launched in 2007 and mapped the moon 's surface
A Chinese lunar probe has crashed into the moon in what Beijing has called a controlled collision .
The Chang'e 1 lunar satellite hit the moon 's surface at 1613 local time ( 0813 GMT ) at the end of a 16 - month moon - mapping mission .
China launched the spacecraft in late October 2007 on a mission to survey the entire surface of the moon .
China 's ever - more ambitious space programme includes plans for a space station and landing a man on the moon .
Future missions
Launched into space on one of China 's Long March 3A rockets , the probe mapped the moon 's surface using stereo radar .
Chang'e 1 was under the remote control of two stations in Qingda , eastern China , and Kashgar in the north - west of the country , the Xinhua news agency said .
China became only the third nation - after the Soviet Union and the US - to put a manned spacecraft in orbit in 2003 .
State media said on Sunday China would launch a space module next year and carry out the country 's first space docking .
" The module , called Tiangong - 1 , will provide a " safe room " for Chinese astronauts to live and conduct scientific research in zero gravity , " Chinese state media said .
" Weighing about 8.5 tonnes , Tiangong - 1 is able to perform a long - term unattended operation , which will be an essential step toward building a space station , " it added .
The March 10 episode of my Skeptoid podcast dealt with a number of strange skulls from around the world .
One that ’s perhaps best known among the strange skull aficionado crowd – if there is such a crowd – is the “ Starchild ” .
It ’s the partial skull of a hydrocephalic child who died in Mexico about 900 years ago .
At least , that ’s what it is according to nearly every knowledgeable person who has seen it .
But according to Lloyd Pye , it ’s an alien hybrid .
Pye even had a DNA test done on the skull , which confirmed that it was boringly human ( read the complete analysis here ) :
The sample taken from the Starchild Skull ( SCS - 1 ) has mtDNA consistent with Native American haplogroup C , as revealed through two independent extractions performed on fragments of parietal bone .
So I got an email from Mr. Pye after the episode came out , and it was clear that he disagrees with my conclusions , to put it mildly .
His email was quite lengthy , and I wo n’t attempt to reproduce the whole thing .
He did make a few valid points , and a lot of invalid ones .
For example , I mentioned that the skull had been found in a cave :
A MINE TUNNEL , NOT A CAVE .
WE’VE BEEN CLEAR ABOUT THAT FACT FROM DAY ONE .
THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THIS MISTAKE BY NOVELLA OR ANYONE ELSE .
Whether you call a tunnel a cave , or a cave a tunnel , is hardly the salient point here , would n’t you agree ?
Is this really what proves the skeptics wrong ?
Maybe something to discuss over dinner tonight .
Or supper .
And , by the way , I ’m not Steve Novella .
But since I originally misspelled Lloyd ’s last name “ Pie ” , which is indeed a pretty lame error on my part ( or on the part of my spellchecker ) , I ’ll excuse this mistake of his .
I also mentioned that the skull is that of a child who was about five years old :
TOTALLY WRONG .
THIS IS WHAT WE WERE TOLD BY THE FIRST SPECIALISTS TO ANALYZE IT , SO IT ’S WHAT WE REPORTED in 1999 .
BUT NOT LONG AFTER , FOLLOWING MORE THOROUGH INVESTIGATION BY MORE KNOWLEGEABLE EXPERTS , WE FOUND THERE WAS NO WAY TO DETERMINE ITS AGE AT DEATH , OTHER THAN IT WAS CERTAINLY WELL BEYOND FIVE YEARS OLD .
If you are claiming expertise on skulls , then you should know that it ’s quite easy to determine the age of a child from its skull , most obviously by the sutures between the various skull bones .
If Pye ’s “ more knowledgeable experts ” were unaware of this , he may need new experts .
TOOTH WEAR , TOOTH ROOT ANALYSIS , AND COMPLETE SUTURING INDICATE THAT THE STARCHILD DIED WELL BEYOND THE AGE OF FIVE .
OK , that ’s worth looking at .
So I went to Pye ’s web site for more information about this .
Here ’s is what Pye ’s expert , a Dr. Ted Robinson , has to say on that matter :
Dr David Hodges , a radiologist , stated that the suture lines were open and growing at the time of death .
Dr. David Sweet was of the opinion that the skull was that of a 5 - 6 year old , based upon the dentition in the right maxillary fragment .
Though some specialists who looked at the skull disagreed , I have always supported Dr. Sweet in his belief that this was the skull of a 5 - 6 year old child .
To me , this does not seem to support Pye ’s statement of the child ’s age , but I welcome any correction to my understanding .
My personal recommendation to Pye would be to drop this line of argument , since even his own experts disagree with him .
But anyway , the child ’s age is not really the issue here .
Exactly what disease or abnormality the child may have been afflicted with is not even at issue ( Pye and Robinson both point out problems with the hydrocephaly diagnosis :
Most experts seem to agree with it , but there are certainly other possibilities ) .
What ’s at issue is Pye ’s claim that the skull is an alien hybrid .
So I told him great , present the evidence of this you found compelling , and I ’ll help you win Randi ’s million dollars .
Well , first he pointed me again to his DNA analysis
WHICH PROVED IT IS MOST LIKELY A HUMAN - ALIEN HYBRID .
and , again , sorry but I found no such conclusion in the analysis ; see the link to it above if you think you can find something in there that I missed .
A number of the attempts to get results from the sample were not successful , as is common in DNA analysis , especially with older samples like this skull .
Pye said :
THAT SECOND , FAR MORE ACCURATE TEST SHOWED THE STARCHILD HAD A HUMAN MOTHER AND A NON - HUMAN FATHER BECAUSE ITS MITOCHONDRIAL DNA WAS EASILY RECOVERED ON THE FIRST ATTEMPT , INDICATING VERY LITTLE IF ANY DEGRADATION OF THE BONE ( WHICH COULD BE EXPECTED WITH BURIAL IN A MINE TUNNEL ) .
MEANWHILE , SIX ATTEMPTS TO RECOVER THE NUCLEAR DNA FAILED .
IN 2003 WE COULD NOT PROVE THE FATHER WAS ALIEN , ONLY THAT HE WASN ’T A NORMAL HUMAN THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN RECOVERABLE ALONG WITH A PROVEN HUMAN MOTHER .
Actually , this does not indicate that the father was “ not a normal human . ”
What the analysis actually says is :
Single amplifications for fragments containing the diagnostic mutations for Native American haplogroups A , B , C and D [ 2 ] did not reveal a known Native American haplogroup , however , the extraction did not amplify consistently .
A single amplification of a fragment of the mtDNA first hypervariable segment ( HVSI ) between np 16210 and np 16328 was sequenced using a cycle sequencing procedure with ABI Big - Dye 3.1 chemistry and analyzed on an ABI automated genetic analyzer .
The sequence obtained revealed a transition relative to the Cambridge reference sequence at np16273 .
This sequence did not match either any personnel with access to the ancient DNA facilities or a sequence obtained from Mr. Pye .
Subsequent amplifications of this fragment were not successful and the sequence could not be confirmed .
Attempts to amplify fragments of the amelogenin gene located on the X and Y chromosome [ 3 ] were uniformly not successful .
“ We could n’t get consistent results from the sample ” does not mean “ the father was not a normal human ” .
But Pye has one more tool up his sleeve :
The make - or - break test of the Starchild ’s viability is an expansive ( 3 - 4 months long ) and very expensive ( $ 250,000 ) DNA test that will reveal most of the Starchild ’s genome , more than enough to say where it falls against humans , chimps , gorillas , and soon Neanderthals .
I do n’t think you or Randi are going to front that money for a test .
Pye is correct that I do not intend to personally finance any future delusional explorations , and he is correct that James Randi does not pay the expenses of everyone who wishes to mount a challenge to win the million dollars .
I smelled a common charge by promoters of the paranormal , that it is irresponsible for skeptics to not volunteer to bear the burden of disproving every random implausible claim that comes in over the transom .
I blew my nose this morning , and the product that came out is alien in origin .
You should pay $ 250,000 to have it analyzed .
If you do n’t , you ’re not a good skeptic .
But anyway , Pye ’s “ Starchild ” project gave Skeptoid material for part of a week , and in thanks I ’ll let Pye express what he really wanted to say .
These are a couple more paragraphs from his email to me :
OVER THE COURSE OF THIS CAMPAIGN I HAVE BEEN AMAZED BY THE INCREDIBLE FEAR STRUCK INTO THE HEARTS OF ALL KINDS OF SCIENTIFIC RESEARCHERS BY THE PEER PRESSURE OF COLLEAGUES , AND OF COMING UNDER THE SCRUTINY OF “ DEFENDERS OF THE FAITH ” LIKE YOU .
YOU AND YOUR “ SKEPTIC ” ILK ARE NO DIFFERENT IN YOUR OWN WAY THAN THE INQUISITORS OF BYGONE RELIGION .
THE GARBAGE YOU ALL SPEW KEEPS REAL SCIENCE FROM MOVING FORWARD IN ANYTHING BUT TINY STEPS THAT EVERYONE CAN TOLERATE AT THE SAME TIME .
UNFAIR AND RELENTLESS CRITICISM OF NOVEL , AGGRESSIVE RESEARCH KEEPS EVERYONE LOOKING DOWN AT THE GROUND , ONLY MAKING SURE THE NEXT STEP FORWARD IS SAFE AND SECURE , INSTEAD OF LIFTING EYES TO THE FAR HORIZON TO SEE WHAT MIGHT BE ACHIEVED WITH A SINGLE BOLD STRIDE FORWARD .
I DO UNDERSTAND HOW THIS WORKS .
YOU AND I ARE ON DIFFERENT TEAMS , IN A WAY , TEAMS LOCKED IN A STRUGGLE TO HAVE OUR VIEWS PREVAIL .
WE BOTH WANT TO “ WIN , ” AS IT WERE , TO HAVE OUR VIEWS BE THE ONES THAT OTHER PEOPLE BELIEVE ALONG WITH US .
THERE IS NO WAY YOU CAN GIVE CREDENCE TO THE THINGS I SAY , NOR CAN I ALLOW YOU TO PUT OUT SUCH TRIPE ABOUT ME AND MY WORK WITHOUT AT LEAST ATTEMPTING TO SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT .
YOU HANDLE IT YOUR WAY , I’LL HANDLE IT MINE .
LET ME CONCLUDE BY POINTING OUT ANOTHER EGREGIOUS ERROR IN YOUR DISCUSSION OF THE FAMOUS “ CONEHEAD ” SKULLS OF PERU .
HUNDREDS OF THEM ARE HELD IN VARIOUS MUSEUMS IN PERU AND AROUND THE WORLD , AND YET YOUR SIMPLISTIC ANSWER IS THAT EVERY ONE OF THEM CAN BE EXPLAINED BY THE COMMON PRACTICE OF HEADBINDING .
YOU UTTERLY FAIL TO MENTION THAT THESE UNIQUE SKULLS HAVE BRAIN CAPACITIES THAT ARE ON AVERAGE TWICE AS LARGE AS NORMAL HUMAN BEINGS ( HUMANS AVERAGE 1400 CC WHILE CONEHEADS AVERAGE BETWEEN 2800 AND 3000 CC ) .
THUS , YOU LEAVE OUT THE MOST CRITICAL DIFFERENCE BECAUSE THE ACT OF HEADBINDING DOES NOT , AND NEVER CAN , EXPAND BRAIN CAPACITY OF HUMANS , CERTAINLY NOT MORE THAN DOUBLE SUCH CAPACITY .
IN SHORT , YOU TOTALLY IGNORE THE KEY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEM AND HUMANS , MAKING IT SEEM LIKE ANYONE IS STUPID FOR SUGGESTING THE CONEHEADS MIGHT IN ANY WAY BE UNUSUAL .
THEY DEFINITELY ARE UNUSUAL , AND I HAVE BEEN SAYING FOR TEN YEARS THAT THEY COULD PROVE TO BE AS UNIQUE AS THE STARCHILD SKULL .
YET IN THOSE TEN YEARS I AM UNAWARE OF A SINGLE CERTIFIED SCIENTIST OF ANY STRIPE HAVING THE NERVE TO BUCK THE ESTABLISHMENT AND CALL FOR THE GENETIC ANALYSIS OF A CONEHEAD SKULL .
THIS , IN MY OPINION , IS ANOTHER IN THE LONG LINE OF TRAVESTIES PERPETRATED BY THE COWARDLY GROUP YOU SUPPORT AND KEEP IN LINE .
IF YOU TRULY WERE A SKEPTIC , YOU’D QUESTION WHY A DNA ANALYSIS OF THE CONEHEADS HASN’T BEEN ATTEMPTED , OR IF IT HAS , WHAT WERE THE RESULTS ?
I SUSPECT THAT’S AN ANSWER YOU WANT TO AVOID EVERY BIT AS MUCH AS YOU WANT TO AVOID WHAT THE STARCHILD SKULL MIGHT BE .
My Kleenex is still sitting there ; WHY HAS NO DNA ANALYSIS BEEN ATTEMPTED ???
It ’s a conspiracy against science !
I recently saw the movie , Taken , with Liam Neeson .
If you 're not familar , here 's the plot : a badass Liam Neeson kicks bad guys ' asses after they try to sell his daughter as a piece of ass .
Needless to say , it 's the best movie I 've seen in a while .
While I watched Neeson 's character bring down a gang of Albanian Human Traffickers with a platter of knuckle sandwiches , I realized something : this was essentially a Jason Statham movie , but starring an Oscar - caliber actor .
Liam Neeson was in Kinsey , Schindler 's List ... Nell .
But here he is in Taken , disarming thugs by slamming doors on their hands and torturing gangsters named " Marko . "
That 's like page one of Statham 's playbook .
Nothing against Statham ( he serves an amazing purpose ) , but I really hope this becomes a trend .
Great actors doing B - Movies ; popcorn flicks that have no desire to be prestigious films , just movies you want to watch on FX at 1 AM .
In the Statham vehicle Crank , our hero is injected with a poison that will kill him if he does n't keep his adrenaline up .
( It was totally snubbed in the Best Original Screenplay nominations if you ask me . )
Imagine if Crank was recast with say ... Daniel Day Lewis .
All of a sudden , D - Day , as he ’d obviously go by , would be drinking the milkshakes of everyone in sight , killing at mercy .
You ’d be talking about a movie where one of the most respected actors of his generation would have sex in public with Amy Smart , just so he would n’t die .
That is a movie I would see over and over again .
Daniel Day Lewis does like five movies a decade .
He ’s got the time .
He could be pumping out Cranks in his sleep !
Statham recently starred in a little flick called Death Race .
Let ’s swap in Dustin Hoffman , just for kicks .
And while we ’re at it , maybe Ben Kingsley would be up for doing Transporter 4 ?
This does n’t need to be restricted to just men either .
Crank ’s got a sequel coming up , so let ’s recast Amy Smart with ... oh why not , Emma Thompson .
Actually , given the sex in the movie , let ’s trade in Thompson for Kate Winslet - Oscar shmoscar , that woman loves to get naked .
I do hope other highly respected actors will follow Neeson ’s lead .
A - Listers doing B - Movies .
That is my dream .
Until then , I patiently await the day I go see a movie where Meryl Streep gets cast as an Asian Drug Lord .
That , would be box office gold .
The XO laptop has been used in Uruguayan schools India says it is planning to produce a low cost gadget intended for use by school children and students .
The storage device has been developed as part of a broader national plan to update the technology used by Indian colleges and schools .
Details are scant , but it is planned to use wireless to connect and have 2GB of memory onboard .
Reports of the cost vary from $ 10 to $ 100 .
Early reports suggesting it would be a laptop did not prove accurate .
Cheap tech
The personal storage device will be part of of India 's National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technologies .
Included in the mission is spending on e-books and e-journals for students , development of translation tools , upgrades to educational networks and more PCs for high schools .
Much of the e-learning work will be co-ordinated via the Shaksat web portal , on which students can register and which they can then use to monitor their progress .
Early reports , which suggested it was a laptop , put a price tag of 500 rupees ( £ 7 ) on it .
Official reports suggest it will now cost twice that at launch but , if it proves popular , then the price may well come down .
Work on the device has been carried out at the Indian Institute of Science , Bangalore and the Indian Institute of Technology in Madras .
Although India has ambitions to develop its own devices others such as One Laptop Per Child 's XO machine and the Intel Classmate have been created to serve school children in developing nations .
Originally , the XO was intended to cost $ 100 but the finished version ended up costing about $ 188 ( £ 131 ) .
The development of the gadget is the latest in a series of initiatives to create low cost computing devices for Indians .
In late 1999 , the Simputer hand - held computer debuted and has been used in a variety of projects , including digitising land records .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
They are the iPod generation of students : politically apathetic , absorbed by selfish consumerism , dedicated to a few years of hedonism before they land a lucrative job in the City .
Not any more .
A seismic change is taking place in British universities .
Around the UK , thousands of students have occupied lecture theatres , offices and other buildings at more than 20 universities in sit - down protests .
It seems that the spirit of 1968 has returned to the campus .
While it was the situation in Gaza that triggered this mass protest , the beginnings of political enthusiasm have already spread to other issues .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
John Rose , one of the original London School of Economics ( LSE ) students to mount the barricades alongside Tariq Ali in 1968 , spent last week giving lectures on the situation in Gaza at 12 of the occupations .
" This is something different to anything we 've seen for a long time , " he said .
" There is genuine fury at what Israel did .
" I think it 's highly likely that this year will see more student action .
What 's interesting is the nervousness of vice chancellors and their willingness to concede demands ; it indicates this is something that could well turn into [ another ] ' 68 . "
Beginning with a 24 - hour occupation at the School of Oriental and African Studies ( SOAS ) on 13 January , the sit-ins spread across the country .
Now occupations have been held at the LSE , Essex , King 's College London , Birmingham , Sussex , Warwick , Manchester Metropolitan , Oxford , Leeds , Cambridge , Sheffield Hallam , Bradford , Nottingham , Queen Mary , Manchester , Strathclyde , Newcastle , Kingston , Goldsmiths and Glasgow .
Among the demands of students are disinvestment in the arms trade ; the promise to provide scholarships for Palestinian students ; a pledge to send books and unused computers to Palestine ; and to condemn Israeli attacks on Gaza .
Technology has set these actions apart from those of previous generations , allowing a national momentum to grow with incredible speed .
Through the linking up of internet blogs , news of successes spread quickly and protests grew nationwide .
Just three weeks after the first sit-in at SOAS , students gathered yesterday at Birkbeck College to draw up a national strategy .
The meeting featured speeches from leaders in the Stop the War movement , such as Tony Benn , George Galloway MP and Jeremy Corbyn MP .
There has also been an Early Day Motion tabled in Parliament in support of campus activism .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
At the end of the month students from across the country will gather for a national demonstration calling for the abolition of tuition fees , an event that organisers say has rocketed in size following the success of the occupations over Gaza .
Vice chancellors and principals have been brought to the negotiating table and – in the majority of universities – bowed to at least one of the demands .
The students ' success means that now there is a new round of protests .
On Wednesday two new occupations began at Strathclyde and Manchester universities , and on Friday night students at the University of Glasgow also launched a sit-in .
Emily Dreyfus , a 21 - year - old political activist in her third year of reading classics at Oxford , was one of around 80 students to occupy the historic Bodleian library building in the city and demand that the university issue a statement condemning the Gaza attacks and disinvest from the arms trade .
She said : " I found Oxford politically very dead when I arrived , but it 's completely different now .
There seem to be more and more people talking about politics , which is so exciting .
It 's really been aided by the communication tools we 've got , things like Facebook . "
Wes Streeting , the president of the National Union of Students , said : " What we 've seen over the Gaza issue is a resurgence of a particular type of protest : the occupation .
It 's a long time since we 've seen student occupations on such a scale .
It 's about time we got the student movement going again and had an impact . "
Establishments that have not previously been known for their activism have also become involved .
Fran Legg was one of several students to set up the first Stop the War Coalition at Queen Mary , a research - focused university in London , a month ago .
Now they are inundated with interest .
" Action on this scale among students has n't been seen since the Sixties and Seventies , " she said .
" This is going to go down in history as a new round of student mobilisation and it will set a precedent .
Gaza is the main issue at the moment , but we 're looking beyond the occupation ; we 're viewing it as a springboard for other protests and to set up a committee to make sure the university only invests ethically . "
As the first generation of students to pay substantial direct fees to universities , their negotiating power has also been strengthened .
Their concern over their college 's investments have been given new legitimacy because it is partly their money .
Ms Legg said : " For the first time , you 've got students getting principals to the negotiation table , saying they do n't want their tuition fees funding war .
Everybody wants to know where their money is going . "
The activist : ' Students will see they can take action '
Katan Alder , 22 , student leader speaking from the occupation at Manchester University
" We 've been occupying the university since Wednesday .
More than 500 people came to an emergency Students '
Union meeting and we took the vice chancellor 's administration block that afternoon .
Israel 's assault on Gaza made people angry , and we heard about the occupations at other universities through blogs .
This is the biggest student campaign we 've had and it's also the most wide - reaching .
We 'll stay until the university lets us meet with the vice chancellor .
I think students will see they can take action on more issues , such as the war in Iraq and Afghanistan and the education system ; the Government 's refusal to stop the marketisation of education has provoked a lot of anger . "
The ' 68 veteran : ' It changed our lives '
John Rose , 63 , former student organiser at the London School of Economics in 1968 ; now a lecturer and author on the Middle East
" I arrived at the LSE in ' 66 as an extremely naive liberal student and I left in '69 as a revolutionary socialist .
It changed our lives .
I was one of the student organisers with Tariq Ali and attended all the demonstrations and occupations .
We did think a revolution was coming ; we thought mass action of students might overthrow capitalism and bring genuine equality .
It took us some time to realise that was n't going to happen .
" It was n't just about rioting and having fun , it was political argument that probed all the assumptions about the world .
It was a highly intense period and the memory stays powerfully with anyone involved ; it 's the memory of those times that has kept me going .
" It was a feeling of fantastic elation : we began to realise that mass action could change things .
Once it started , we developed a taste for it and began to consider mass activity as a way of doing politics , which is what 's happening now .
People are fed up with bankers , politicians and elite institutions .
Hundreds of us thought the revolution was coming in ' 69 , but maybe the revolution is coming now . "
Virtual Library of Newspaper Articles
Paternity fraud fight of husband ' duped for 17 years by wife '
The Daily Mail , UK , By Lucy Ballinger , 22nd January 2009
A husband was conned for 17 years by his wife into bringing up her lover 's child as his own , a court heard yesterday .
Mark Webb only found out the truth from DNA tests conducted after the girl turned 18 , it is alleged .
He has tried to sue his ex-wife Lydia Chapman for deceiving him over the paternity of her daughter .
In the first ' paternity fraud ' case to reach the Appeal Court , Mr Webb claimed his former wife and her alleged lover conceived the girl at a hotel in 1985 .
Mr Webb , 47 , claims he was given no reason to believe the girl was not his and she was registered as the couple 's child .
The woman , now in her twenties , poses on her Facebook page .
She was conceived after her mother allegedly had an affair
He claims that three months after the girl was born , Mrs Chapman and her alleged lover again met at a summer barbecue , where they sneaked away to a nearby picnic area to have sex .
He alleged that they also discussed the baby 's paternity and deliberately set out to make Mr Webb believe the girl was his daughter .
Mr Webb claimed that , for years , his wife had continued with the deception , even giving her husband Birthday and Christmas cards from his ' daughter ' referring to him as her ' daddy ' , the court heard .
Mr Webb , from Bournemouth , claimed he financially supported the girl from birth without a penny in maintenance from the ' true father ' .
Lord Justice
Thorpe said the case involved ' interesting socio-legal arguments '
Mrs Chapman , who denies deceiving her ex-husband , allegedly told Mr Webb in 2002 that he was not the girl 's father and filed for divorce the following year .
Mr Webb 's barrister , Nicholas Mostyn , QC , told the court it was not until 2004 - by which time the girl was 18 - that a DNA test confirmed that he was not the girl 's father .
Mr Mostyn argued the case raised ' profound questions ' about a spouse 's ' duty of candour ' to their partner .
He told the court : ' Honesty and good faith lie at the very heart of the contract of marriage . '
Describing 45 - year - old Mrs Chapman as an ' inveterate liar ' , he claimed she had ' a fixed and certain knowledge ' that Mr Webb was not the girl 's father .
Mr Mostyn said Mr Webb's ' sense of injustice ' meant he wanted to pursue his case to the House of Lords if necessary , but the Appeal Court judges denied him that opportunity yesterday .
They refused him permission to appeal against a Bournemouth County Court judge 's dismissal of his damages claim .
Lord Justice
Thorpe said the case involved ' interesting socio- legal arguments ' but would ' visit upon the litigants huge burdens , both financial and emotional , which are disproportionate to any prospects of success ' .
The judge , sitting with Lord Justice Aikens and Mr Justice Bennett , said : ' This whole case can be categorised as a misfortune to all those engaged in it .
I would not wish to be the one to extend their misfortunes further . '
At her Â £ 250,000 red - brick cottage in Southampton , Mrs Chapman refused to talk about the case last night .
Her alleged lover also refused to comment .
Accueil > Humanité >
Monde , actualité internationale , politique , relations , diplomatie , affaires (... ) > Deux Dossiers Spéciaux de POPULISCOOP . > U.P.M. Union Pour la méditerranée >
Les documents conventions , charte , projets , articles ... >
Articles de presse sur UPM >
Un manifestant brandissant « CASSE TOI POV’CON » condamné à une ( ...)
En tant que militant politique , il se croyait irrépréhensible pour insulte envers le chef d’Etat .
Hervé Eon est un demandeur d’emploi de 56 ans .
Ancien conseiller général PS dans la région où s’effectuait la visite présidentielle , il a été condamné à une « amende de principe » de « 30 euros avec sursis » par le tribunal de grande instance de Laval .
Il manifestait avec une pancarte avec la fameuse : " POV’CON " inscrite dessus .
Reproduite des propos même du président , et montrée par un manifestant dans la ville de Laval ( Mayenne ) lors du passage de Mr. Sarkozy , la locution « Casse toi pov’con » est tombée sous le coup de la loi .
Quand elle est utilisée par un citoyen , sur sa pancarte de manifestant , envers son premier instigateur , elle passe pour un délit !
Le poursuivi par la justice pour « offense au chef de l’Etat » , répondant au nom d’Hervé Eon est un demandeur d’emploi de 56 ans .
Ancien conseiller général PS dans la région où s’effectuait la visite présidentielle , il a été condamné à une « amende de principe » de « 30 euros avec sursis » par le tribunal de grande instance de Laval .
Lors du précédent jugement qui a eu lieu en novembre 2008 , le parquet avait requis une peine de 1.000 euros d’amende .
Le prévenu a reçu le mardi 24 mars 2009 la confirmation du jugement de la cour d’appel d’Angers , pour son recours « en appel » premier procès .
En tant que militant politique , il se croyait irrépréhensible pour insulte envers le chef d’Etat .
Il avait affirmé à chacun des 2 procès qu’il pratiquait « non pas l’insulte mais le slogan politique ».
Mais Hervé Eon , avait des démêlés avec la justice , pour fauchage de maïs OGM .
Donc il risquait bien davantage , comme contestataire comme ceux , nombreux qui ont des opinions politiquement assumés .
En France , le délit d’offense au chef de l’Etat , ce lèse - majesté bien que tombé dans l’oubli , est toujours en vigueur de 45 000 euros d’amende au nom de la loi de 1881 .
Il concerne et est inscrit sur la loi sur la liberté de la presse .
Selon certains confrères de la presse qui ont assisté au procès en appel , le président de la cour d’Angers avait suggéré à Hervé Eon s’il s’excuserait , un jugement plus clément lui sera accordé : « une condamnation sans amende par exemple ».
Hervé Eon a refusé , et compte poursuivre la procédure jusque devant la justice européenne , s’il n’obtenait pas gain de cause en France .
Votez pour cet article :
Ayn Rand died more than a quarter of a century ago , yet her name appears regularly in discussions of our current economic turmoil .
Pundits including Rush Limbaugh and Rick Santelli urge listeners to read her books , and her magnum opus , " Atlas Shrugged , " is selling at a faster rate today than at any time during its 51 - year history .
There 's a reason .
In " Atlas , " Rand tells the story of the U.S. economy crumbling under the weight of crushing government interventions and regulations .
Meanwhile , blaming greed and the free market , ...
Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi has also focused on the unemployment provisions , saying that of $ 54 million offered to his state under the bill , only $ 4 million would be available unless Mississippi changed its law to expand eligibility to part - time workers .
But Mr. Barbour has not yet formally rejected the money .
Image Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina Credit ... Perry Baker for The New York Times
Maurice Emsellem , policy co-director at the National Employment Law Project in Washington , a group that advocates for low - wage workers , differed with Mr. Barbour ’s interpretation .
Mr. Emsellem said Mississippi , where average unemployment benefits are the lowest in the nation and only 25 percent of unemployed workers qualify for help , would receive $ 42 million for increased payments to recipients and $ 4 million for administrative costs without changing its policy .
Under the incentive program that Mr. Jindal turned down for Louisiana , Mississippi would get up to $ 56 million more for expanding coverage by selecting from a menu of options that includes giving benefits to some part - time workers .
The $ 56 million would pay for the expanded benefits for five years , Mr. Emsellem said .
Some governors objected even to the no-strings - attached $ 25 a week increase in unemployment benefits , saying it would raise expectations that would be difficult to manage when the federal dollars dry up .
In Idaho , Gov. C. L. Otter has appointed an executive panel of five former state budget officers and three former governors to review requests for stimulus money from state agencies and the private sector .
David Hensley , a lawyer for Mr. Otter , complained that the law required the state to spend 3 percent of the transportation money on “ transportation enhancement . ”
“ I never imagined that Congress would tell the state of Idaho that they have to spend $ 5.5 million on bike paths or pedestrian lanes , ” Mr. Hensley said .
WHAT IS IT ?
( Part One of the " It " Trilogy )
What is it ?
FDR spent his first few days in office fixing the banks , and then he legalized beer .
President Obama has buoyed the banks ; what about legalizing marijuana ?
asks Keith Stroup , the attorney who founded the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws in 1970 .
For decades , Stroup has argued that legalizing pot would produce mega tax windfalls , and now , officials of states zonked out by the fiscal crisis — Texas , Tennessee , Massachusetts , and Pennsylvania — are asking Stroup for the 411 on ganja green .
" As smokers , " he adds , " we 're raising our hands and saying : ' Tax us ! ' "
Solving the Mystery of the Vanishing Bees
The mysterious ailment called colony collapse disorder has wiped out large numbers of the bees that pollinate a third of our crops .
The causes turn out to be surprisingly complex , but solutions are emerging
' BACKING THE ANTI - DRUG BATTLE '
Cartoon shows Mexican President Calderon punching a
narco - trafficker , as Defense Secretary Robert Gates sits
on the Pentagon 's bag of money .
[ Excelsior , Mexico ]
Excelsior , Mexico
How Mexico Could Legalize Pot - Whether U.S. Likes it or Not
" If all of Mexico were to adopt the Californian legislation ( or some version like it that didnt go any further ) , Washington would have no political argument to pressure us with , since our natural response would be , ' And why is such legislation permitted in 13 of the American states ? ' "
By José A. Crespo
Translated By Douglas Myles Rasmussen
February 27 , 2009
Mexico - Excelsior - Original Article ( Spanish )
Those of us who consider that the least bad option for dealing with drugs would be their ( gradual , careful , exploratory ) decriminalization , and treating the problem as a public health issue ( as is already the case with alcohol and tobacco ) , are aware of the difficulty of implementing such a political strategy .
We know that as long as the United States opposes such a measure , it will be impossible to implement , since the pressure from the country against such a move would be irresistible for the weak governments of Latin America .
From his statements , it seems that [ President ]
Felipe Calderón is one of those who think this way , contrary to what one might infer from his costly anti-narco - trafficking strategy .
At least some of the statements he made in his second State of the Nation speech suggest this .
When asked by journalist Denise Maerker , " Wouldnt it be cheaper in resources and human lives to promote the legalization of drugs ? , " Calderón replied : " That 's of course an alternative that will have to be explored , ( but ) it should be a universal effort that I do n't see I understand the logic , which is to kill off the economic stimulus .
But if , for example , the ban persists on the northern side of the border , you wont kill the economic stimulus and will allow the impunity to worsen . "
So in this regard , the main problem Calderón sees in legalization is that it wo n't also be applied in the United States , so the illicit trade would continue .
But the United States has already legalized part of this trade ; that is to say , cannabis .
Not at the national level , it 's true , but in 13 of the U.S. states .
This shows that to decriminalize marijuana , it is n't absolutely necessary to wait for everyone else to do it ( and not the entire continent ) .
The entities of the American Union that have already done this didnt wait to do so by national means : they decided to do so in a sovereign manner , despite the fact that the politics of prohibition continue in the rest of that country .
What Mexico could do to alter its failed drug policy - with a view to sapping the economic power of the cartels , which translates into political power , corruption and the capacity to mount armed attacks - is to follow the steps taken in the United States , or to put it more clearly , some of its states that have decided to decriminalize marijuana .
In the case of California , the fifth largest economy in the world that also forms the border with Mexico ( particularly with Tijuana , one of the " failed cities " that have succumbed to the fallen government and anarchy that are products of the War on Drugs ) .
SEE ALSO ON THIS :
Excelsior , Mexico : How Mexico Could Legalize Pot - Whether U.S. Likes it or Not
Excelsior , Mexico : Relations Between U.S. and Mexico are Deteriorating
La Tercera , Chile Mexico's Drug War : No Way Out But to Fight On
Semana , Colombia : Michael Phelps and American Hypocricy on the Use of Drugs
Therefore , the pragmatic approach would be to decriminalize marijuana ( tackling the problem with the fewest possible human and social costs ) , but starting with a method no different from that followed by the United States .
It would be easier and more feasible politically to adopt legislation similar to , for example , Californias , where it 's legal to grow , sell and consume marijuana for medical purposes .
To do this in Mexico for recreational purposes is less politically viable ( very little , really ) .
Posted by WORLDMEETS.US
In California you can go to the doctor and ask for a prescription to buy legal marijuana in stores , if you suffer - or say you suffer - from headaches , loss of appetite or insomnia ( since marijuana is used to relax the body , trigger hunger and make you drowsy ) .
The patient must pay about $ 20 for the prescription , which he can take to a legal store to purchase a certain amount of marijuana , which is of better quality than that available on the black market .
Many consumers prefer to go through these procedures and additional costs in order to obtain a higher quality product and , therefore , less harmful to one 's health .
If all of Mexico were to adopt the Californian legislation ( or some version like it that didnt go any further ) , Washington would have no political argument to pressure us with , since our natural response would be , " And why is such legislation permitted in 13 of the American states ? "
It would not go one step further than in the United States , so as not to lead to consequent political pressure .
In fact , the government of Barack Obama might be more sensitive to such a decision on the part of Mexico , given that this president used marijuana and cocaine in his youth , according as he has said .
' LIGHT -HANDED PREVENTIVE MEASURES '
The Mexican man's hat says ' Mexican Narco '
[ Excelsior , Mexico ]
What would Mexico gain by this ?
The de-funding of much of the income of the Mexican cartels .
Could the illegal trafficking to U.S. States that have not decriminalized weed to continue ?
In principal , yes , but it could just as well happen - and surely already does - between the states of the American Union .
If such traffic does n't create the same violence there that it does here , it will be because the government of that country has decided to follow a different strategy from ours ( to fight demand more than supply ) .
Instead of shouting ourselves hoarse over a war , the only result which has been to elevate violence and insecurity - and to escalate the number of victims , it would be far more worthwhile for it to follow the steps of the United States ( themselves ) in terms of decriminalization .
Posted by WORLDMEETS.US
At least , alternatives to the current strategy should be seriously discussed in specialized seminars organized by the [ Mexican ] Congress .
That would do more good than the mud that partisans are throwing over the failure of the Calderón strategy on this issue .
Because if we do nothing effective on this , " the next president could be a Narco , " as Calderón warned distinguished members of the PRI [ the Partido Revolucionario Institucional , the main opposition party to the PAN of President Calderón ] , at a meeting held at Los Pinos .
CLICK HERE FOR SPANISH VERSION
[ Posted by WORLDMEETS.US March 2 , 10:25 pm ]
A Mexican Federal Police officer guards the access road to Puente Grande federal prison near Guadalajara , January 28 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Bernardo De Niz
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Suspected drug gang hitmen dumped five severed human heads in ice coolers on a road in western Mexico on Tuesday with a message threatening rivals , a state attorney general ’s office said .
Police patrolling a highway on the edge of the Mexican colonial city of Guadalajara found the heads inside five coolers left on the roadside , the Jalisco state attorney general ’s office said .
“ They were recently severed heads , cut off about four hours before they were found , ” a spokesman said , adding police found a message left by apparent drug hitmen threatening rival gangs .
The victims ’ identities were not disclosed .
Torturing and beheading rivals is common in Mexico ’s increasingly vicious drug war , which killed more than 6,000 people last year and shows no sign of abating this year despite the deployment of 45,000 troops across the country .
President Felipe Calderon has centered his presidency on curtailing drug war violence and reforming corrupt police forces working in league with traffickers , but the bloodshed is frightening investors and tourists from northern Mexico .
Jalisco state is close to the Pacific state of Sinaloa , home to major traffickers including Mexico ’s most - wanted man , Joaquin “ Shorty ” Guzman , and a key transit point for drugs smuggled through Mexico into the United States .
The discovery of the heads of five men between the ages of 30 and 50 follows the killing of seven people by drug hitmen in February in a restaurant in Jalisco , which had been relatively quiet in the drug war over the past year .
Drug violence has spiked dramatically since Calderon took office in December 2006 and launched his army crackdown , but the government says the surge in killings shows cartels are being weakened by the offensive .
Muslim Weapons of Mass Destruction
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis
As America struggles with its debt - ravaged economy and surging unemployment , Iran and its alleged nuclear weapons program have again become an issue of major contention .
In recent weeks , Obama administration officials and the media issued a blizzard of contradictory claims over Iran ’s alleged nuclear threat , leaving one wondering who is really charge of US foreign policy ?
This awkward question was underlined during British Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s state visit to Washington .
Britain is supposed to be America ’s most important ally and partner in their " special relationship . "
Brown ’s reception was dismal and Obama ’s obvious lack of interest in Britain ’s leader quite embarrassing .
The British media slammed America ’s cold reception as an " insult , " and claimed Brown had been treated like the leader of a " minor African state . "
White House aides excused the huge diplomatic faux pas by claiming President Obama was worn out from dealing with the financial and economic crisis .
I ’m sure he is worn out , but this still does not bode well for the conduct of US foreign policy .
Much of the uproar over Iran ’s so - far nonexistent nuclear weapons must be seen as part of efforts by neocons to thwart President Obama ’s proposed opening to Tehran , and to keep up the pressure for an American attack on Iran .
Israel ’s American supporters and Israel ’s government insist Iran has secret nuclear weapons program that the West has not yet detected .
We heard the same claims from the same source about Iraq before 2003 .
Israel certainly knows about covert nuclear programs , having run one of the world ’s largest and most productive ones .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton lived up to her growing reputation for Mideast hawkishness by naming prominent Israel supporter Dennis Ross as her Special Advisor on Iran and the Gulf .
This appointment suggests she may be more interested in building future domestic political support than securing balanced advice and evenhanded action on the Mideast .
At least Ross is considered something of a moderate in the Israeli spectrum , having long been regarded as the Labor Party ’s " man in Washington . "
During the Bush years , Israel ’s centrist Laborites in Washington were replaced by partisans of the right - wing Likud Party , who quickly came to dominate administration Mideast policy .
In recent weeks , official Washington has been locked in confusion over Iran .
The new CIA director , Leon Panetta , said in an interview , " there is no question , they ( Iran ) are seeking that ( nuclear weapons ) capability . "
Pentagon chief Adm. Mike Mullen claimed Iran had " enough fissile material to build a bomb . "
Fox News trumpeted that Iran already had 50 nuclear weapons .
While the American Rome burns , here we go again with renewed hysteria over MWMD ’s — Muslim Weapons of Mass Destruction .
The war drums are again beating over Iran .
The czar of all 16 US intelligence agencies , Adm. Dennis Blair , stated Iran could have enough enriched uranium for one atomic weapon by 2010 — 2015 .
But he reaffirmed the 2007 US National Intelligence Estimate that Iran does not have nuclear weapons and is not pursuing them .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates backed up Blair .
So did the UN nuclear agency .
Some of the confusion over Iran comes from misunderstanding nuclear enrichment , domestic politics , and recycled lurid scare stories from the days of Saddam Hussein and his " drones of death . "
Iran is producing low - grade uranium - 235 ( LEU ) , enriched to only 2.5 % , to generate electricity .
Tehran has this absolute right under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NNPT ) .
Its centrifuge enrichment process at Nantaz is under 24 - hour international inspection .
Iran ’s soon - to - open nuclear plant at Bushehr cannot produce nuclear weapons fuel .
All of its spent fuel , which is under international safeguards , will be returned to supplier Russia .
Today , some 15 nations produce low - grade enriched uranium 235 ( LEU - 235 ) , including Brazil , Argentina , Germany , France , and Japan .
While visiting Japan ’s defense ministry in Tokyo , I saw plans for an atomic weapon .
Experts believe Japan could produce a nuclear warhead in within three months , if it so decided .
I also believe — though cannot prove — that Switzerland may have produced a few nuclear warheads in the early 1960 ’s and keeps them in one of its secret mountain forts as a sort of doomsday device .
Israel , India and Pakistan are all covert nuclear weapons powers and have refused to submit to international inspection .
North Korea abrogated it .
Interestingly , rather than the much pilloried Iran , is is the original nuclear powers , the United States , USSR / Russia / Britain , France and China , who are all in violation of the nuclear arms treaty .
The NNPT called for all nuclear powers to rapidly eliminate their nuclear forces .
President Dwight Eisenhower championed this position .
Far from eliminating their nuclear forces , all of the nuclear powers have expanded and modernized them .
UN inspectors report Iran has produced 1,010 kg of 2—3 % enriched uranium ( LEU ) .
Iran insists it is for energy generation .
Theoretically that is enough for one atomic bomb .
But to make a nuclear weapon , U - 235 must be enriched to over 90 % in an elaborate , costly process .
Iran is not doing so , say UN inspectors , though they have raised certain technical questions about Iran ’s nuclear process .
Some believe Iran may go up to " breakout position , " that is , having the components to assemble a weapon on fairly short notice .
Highly enriched U - 235 or plutonium must then be milled and shaped into a perfect ball or cylinder .
Any surface imperfections will prevent achieving critical mass .
Next , high explosive lenses must surround the core , and detonate at precisely the same millisecond .
In the gun system , two cores must collide at very high speed .
In some cases , a stream of neutrons are pumped into the device as it explodes .
This process is highly complex .
Nuclear weapons cannot be deemed reliable unless they are tested .
North Korea recently detonated a device that fizzled .
Iran has never built or tested a nuclear weapon .
Israel and South Africa jointly tested a nuclear weapon in 1979 .
Even if Iran had the capability to fashion a complex nuclear weapon , it would be useless without delivery .
Iran ’s sole medium - range delivery system is its unreliable , inaccurate 1,500 - km - ranged Shahab - 3 .
Miniaturizing and hardening nuclear warheads capable of flying atop a Shahab missile is another complex technological challenge .
It is inconceivable that Iran or anyone else would launch a single nuclear weapon .
What if it did n’t go off ?
Imagine the embarrassment and the retaliation .
Iran would need at least ten warheads and a reliable delivery system to be a credible nuclear power .
Israel , the primary target for any Iranian nuclear strike , has an indestructible triad of air , missile and sea-launched nuclear weapons pointed at Iran .
An Israeli submarine with nuclear cruise missiles is on station off Iran ’s coast .
Iran would be wiped off the map by even a few of Israel ’s estimated 200 plus nuclear weapons .
Iran is no likelier to use a nuke against its Gulf neighbors .
The explosion would blanket Iran with radioactive dust and sand .
Finally , while Washington keeps invoking the specter of a nuclear - armed Iran , India has quietly developed a large nuclear arsenal and will soon test an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to North America .
If Obama and his senior advisors are too bagged out to give a decent state dinner for Gordon Brown , how are they going to handle Tehran ’s wily , ultra - difficult ayatollahs ?
Iran has cursed every US administration since Jimmy Carter .
Let ’s hope President Obama has the good sense to make good on his promises to normalize relations with Iran .
Kicking sand into Iran ’s face at a time when the new president is expanding the war in Afghanistan and battling economic doom is a very bad idea .
Eric Margolis Archives
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
Nonprofits to President , Congress : 1 Million Charities Ready Leaders call for renewing compact with ' citizen sector ' to solve problems
In an unprecedented appeal to America 's public and private leadership and to the American people , leaders of organizations representing tens of thousands of American nonprofit organizations last week called for a reinvigorated and empowered partnership between government and the nonprofit " citizen sector " to address the country 's social , economic and environmental problems and improve the quality of community life .
The nonprofit leaders issued a declaration titled " Forward Together : Empowering America 's Citizen Sector for the Change We Need " that calls on the nation 's governments and businesses to join with its citizen sector for a renewed " partnership in public service . "
Citing major needs from housing , to food and clothing , to the strains on the nation 's cultural institutions and its facilities for youth , the homeless and the aged , the nonprofit leaders said that now is the time to act to strengthen the capacity of a citizen sector that " shelters the homeless , trains the unemployed , educates our youth , builds affordable housing , counsels families , delivers health care , gives voice to the powerless , enriches our lives with arts and culture , and serves America in a myriad other ways by uniquely mobilizing citizen initiative for the common good . "
The declaration highlights the economic contributions of America 's citizen sector , including its 11 million paid workers , more than those in the construction , finance , transportation and real estate industries .
But the declaration warns that the citizen sector will need help to play the role of which it is capable in these tough economic times .
Signers of the declaration include citizen sector leaders from Hawaii to Maine , representing a broad array of nonprofit institutions from small community development organizations to large networks of faith - based nursing homes .
An advertisement that appears in the Feb. 26 issue of The Chronicle of Philanthropy appeals to others to join this call , to ensure that the citizen sector is no longer overlooked as a crucial partner in solving the country 's deepening problems .
" The citizen sector is a powerful engine for change with enormous potential to assist in coping with our nation 's problems , but the country is not taking anywhere close to full advantage of these potentials , " said Lester M. Salamon , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Civil Society Studies and of its Nonprofit Listening Post Project , which organized the seminar that generated the declaration .
" The outpouring of support for this declaration speaks to the need many people in this sector feel for a clear reminder of the immense contributions nonprofit organizations are capable of making at this critical point in our nation 's history , if they are only given the chance . "
Peter Goldberg , CEO of the Alliance for Children and Families and a leader in the development of the declaration , said , " We must change our world view from half empty to half full .
We can rightfully see our collapsing economy as leading to persistent poverty , disappearing jobs , strained families , failing schools and many other social problems .
Or , we can instead focus on what can be done and how we can do it together .
Those of us who work in the citizen sector are ready to act , and we can be so much more effective if we act in true partnership with leaders in business and government . "
In addition to its call to action , the declaration outlines a set of concrete ways that nonprofits could help with America 's economic recovery , such as utilizing the sizable network of nonprofit housing and community development finance institutions to help rework problem mortgages , and incentivizing increased charitable giving .
In addition , the declaration details broader steps the country can take to renew its compact with the citizen sector , such as reforming government - nonprofit partnerships , investing in citizen sector capacity and supporting new models of nonprofit finance .
To accommodate the numerous other nonprofit leaders and supporters across the country who may want to be associated with this declaration , the Johns Hopkins Listening Post Project has created a Web site at www.jhu.edu/listeningpost/forward where the declaration can be viewed in its entirety and interested persons can sign on and learn about steps they can take to extend the reach and impact of the document .
GO TO MARCH 9 , 2009 TABLE OF CONTENTS .
GO TO THE GAZETTE FRONT PAGE .
We are a community where people with nowhere to turn , turn their lives around .
Delancey Street is the country 's leading residential self - help organization for former substance abusers , ex-convicts , homeless and others who have hit bottom .
Started in 1971 with 4 people in a San Francisco apartment , Delancey Street has served many thousands of residents , in 5 locations throughout the United States .
Residents at Delancey Street range from teenagers to senior citizens , and include men and women and all races and ethnicities .
The average resident has been a hard - core drug and alcohol abuser , has been in prison , is unskilled , functionally illiterate , and has a personal history of violence and generations of poverty .
The minimum stay at Delancey Street is 2 years while the average resident remains for almost 4 years – drug , alcohol and crime - free .
During their time at Delancey Street , residents receive a high school equivalency degree ( GED ) and are trained in 3 different marketable skills .
Beyond academic and vocational training , residents learn important values , and the social and interpersonal skills that allow them to live successfully in the mainstream of society .
Any act of violence , or threat of violence , is cause for immediate removal from Delancey Street .
Interestingly , former gang members , who have sworn to kill each other , live and work together peacefully starting in dorm - rooms and moving up into their own apartments .
Residents learn to work together promoting non-violence through a principle called “ each - one - teach - one ” where each new resident is responsible for helping guide the next arrival .
Related Media
" The Road From Prison to Rehabilitation " ( New York Times , 01/11 )
“ Moving Men Into the Mainstream : Best Practices in Prisoner Reentry Assistance " ( Center for Civic Innovation , Civic Bulletin 51 , Manhattan Institute 03/08 )
Chapters in book , Change or Die , ( HarperCollins , Inc. , New York , NY , 2007 )
" Passionaries , Turning Compassion into Action , " ( Templeton Foundation Press , West Conshohocken , PA. , 2006 )
" The Heart of America , " ( Health Communications , Inc. , Deerfield Beach , Fl. , 2004 )
Chapter in book , America ’s New Vision , ( 1st Books Library , Bloomington , IN , 2002 )
" Delancey Street : Where Drug Addicts , Criminals , and The Homeless Go to Turn Their Lives Around " ( A& E Biography , 08/97 )
“ After 26 years , Delancey Street still offers second chances ” ( San Jose Mercury News , 06/97 )
" Crossing Delancey " ( Hope Magazine , 02/97 )
" Where Life ’s Losers Are Building New Lives " ( New York Times , 03/89 )
Delancey Street Foundation on Oprah ( Quicktime )
Delancey Street Foundation on The Discovery Channel ( Quicktime )
Advertisements
President Obama continued today to repair the damage of the Bush administration by appointing Craig Fugate to head FEMA .
Fugate has been the Director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management , and has worked as firefighter and paramedic .
Obama has actually appointed an experienced person to head FEMA .
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said , “ FEMA must have experienced leadership to succeed in its challenging mission .
Craig Fugate is no stranger to emergency management or to FEMA .
He is one of the most respected emergency managers in the nation , and the work he ’s accomplished in Florida serves as a model for other states to follow .
He will be a tremendous asset to FEMA and its employees , and I look forward to working with him . ”
The American Federation of Government Employees ( AFGE ) praised the nomination , “ AFGE gets more complaints than ever from the employees , and we now have a half - dozen major grievances pending arbitration .
FEMA is desperately in need of strong , experienced leadership to get us back on track , and we believe that Craig Fugate is the one to do this .
How soon can he get here ?
Tell him to give me a call if he needs a ride from the airport .
I ’ll pick him up myself . ”
Advertisements
By all accounts , FEMA is still a colossal mess .
One of the biggest mistakes that the Bush administration made was demoting FEMA from cabinet status , and putting it under Homeland Security .
I would love to see Obama restore FEMA ’s previous position , but before he can do that , he will have to clean up the Bush administration ’s mess .
In a piece last year in Government Technology , Fugate was called , “ Craig Fugate is one of the brightest and most experienced emergency management professionals in the business today , ” said Trina Sheets , executive director of the National Emergency Management Association .
“ He is a forward - thinking risk - taker who pushes the envelope with each disaster to deliver aid faster and better to the citizens of Florida . ”
Hmm , describing Fugate as a forward thinking risk taker sounds a lot like Obama himself .
Fugate has been in charge of disaster response through Florida ’s worst two hurricane seasons .
He is an experienced person , who should be able to rehabilitate FEMA to the point where it is no longer a dirty word in the minds of many post - Katrina Americans .
Fugate ’s is another nomination that represents a change away from the ineptitude of the Bush years .
We just stopped by TechnoSource 's booth at the Toy Fair to check out its just - announced Rubik 's TouchCube , a fully touch - sensitive update on the old classic Rubik 's Cube .
The new model boasts a few features the old one did not ( besides the lights and touchscreen ) , namely undo and hint options if you get stumped .
Each of its six sides are touch - sensitive , and the cube 's got an internal accelerometer so that it only recognizes the touching going on on the top side of the cube .
It also remembers your place even if you turn it off -- great for those of us who will likely spend years trying to solve it just once .
The Rubik 's TouchCube is going to hit shelves this fall for $ 149.99 .
Check the gallery and video demo after the break
Red Tail Ridge Poised to be Finger Lakes ' Greenest Winery
February 18th , 2009 by Dave Tyler
The rapidly growing wine industry in the Finger Lakes Region of New York has been attracting a good deal of attention for the quality of its wines .
One winery is looking to make a name for itself both for its wines and its commitment to the environment .
Red Tail Ridge Winery , in Penn Yan , N.Y. , will break ground this spring on a new wine making building designed to meet the U.S. Green Building Council ’s LEED standards .
It would be the first New York winery building to earn LEED certification , according to a search of the USGBC ’s online LEED project database .
Husband and wife owners Mike Schnelle and Nancy Irelan opened Red Tail Ridge after moving to the region from California , where Ireland worked for Gallo wineries .
Their tasting room opened in August 2007 .
In an interview with CleanTechnica , Irelan said the sustainability movement is gaining steam in the wine industry , and that she and her husband wanted a winery that not only makes great wines but reflects their values .
Environmentally friendly projects in California and Canada ’s Niagara wine region helped provide ideas for the Red Tail project , she said .
“ You do n’t get to build too many wineries , ” said Irelan .
“ If you ’re going to build one , it had better be something that represents you . ”
When the building is completed this fall it will include a geothermal heating and cooling system .
Waste water will be reused on the fields .
Building materials are being sourced locally whenever possible .
When they planted their 34 - acre vineyard , the winemakers used techniques to prevent soil erosion and water runoff .
The wineries plans fit quite well into the LEED requirements , said Allen Rossignol , of Edge Architecture , who designed the building .
Some items like water efficiency and waste water recovery were just natural fits for the project , he said .
“ Natural light , daylighting and natural ventilation were also key components that lend to improve the interior environment and reduce lighting requirements , ” he said .
Red Tail
Ridge should be able to recover their investment in about three years because of the energy savings , Rossignol said .
Most importantly , Irelan notes , the energy saving techniques do nothing to impact the wine making techniques , meaning that oenophiles wo n’t notice any different when they pop the cork on a Red Tail Ridge bottle .
California wineries have been at the forefront of more eco-friendly wine making .
It ’s worth watching to see if Red Tail Ridge starts a trend in New York .
Image Credit : Building rendering , Edge Architecture .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
( CNN ) -- Researchers with a Malaysian university said they have uncovered evidence of an iron industry that dates to the 3rd Century , A.D. , and proves that ancient civilizations in Southeast Asia were more advanced than once thought .
The archaeologists from the Universiti Sains Malaysia found the remains of an iron smelting site , tools to pump oxygen into the iron smelting process , rooftops of buildings , beads and pots , said Mokhtar Saidan , a professor and leader of the team .
The discovery was made after a month of excavation at Lembah Bujang , a historical site in Malaysia .
" This is the first discovery of the earliest iron industry in Lembah Bujang and has been dated conclusively .
This date also adds on to the facts and data on the early history of Southeast Asia , " he said .
He said coal from the site was sent to a laboratory in Florida that said elements in the coal dated to the 3rd Century .
The professor said the discovery confirms that human civilization in the area was more advanced than thought and the site probably was a place for exporting iron in the 3rd Century .
Mexico ’s Partial Vote Recount Confirms Massive and Systematic Election Fraud
With Less than 9 Percent of Precincts Recounted , More than 126,000 Votes Are Found to Have Been Disappeared or Illegally Fabricated
By Al Giordano
Part V of a Special Series for The Narco News Bulletin
Finally , the hard numbers are starting to come in .
In the “ partial recount ” of paper ballots from the July 2 presidential election in Mexico , ordered by the Supreme Electoral Tribunal ( known as the Trife ) , the recount has been completed in 10,679 precincts of the 11,839 ordered by the court ( about 9 percent of Mexico ’s 130,000 precincts ) .
From these precincts , Narco News has obtained the following preliminary numbers that confirm the massive and systematic electoral fraud inflicted on the Mexican people :
In 3,074 precincts ( 29 percent of those recounted ) , 45,890 illegal votes , above the number of voters who cast ballots in each polling place , were found stuffed inside the ballot boxes ( an average of 15 for each of these precincts , primarily in strongholds of the National Action Party , known as the PAN , of President Vicente Fox and his candidate , Felipe Calderón ) .
, of President Vicente Fox and his candidate , Felipe Calderón ) .
In 4,368 precincts ( 41 percent of those recounted ) , 80,392 ballots of citizens who did vote are missing ( an average of 18 votes in each of these precincts ) .
Together , these 7,442 precincts contain about 70 percent of the ballots recounted .
The total amount of ballots either stolen or forged adds up to 126,282 votes altered .
If the recount results of these 10,679 precincts ( 8.2 percent of the nation ’s 130,000 polling places ) are projected nationwide , it would mean that more than 1.5 million votes were either stolen or stuffed in an election that the first official count claimed was won by Calderon by only 243,000 votes .
Among the findings of this very limited partial recount are that in 3,079 precincts where the PAN party is strong and where , in many cases , the Democratic Revolution Party ( PRD ) of candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador did not count with election night poll watchers , one or more of three things occurred : Either the Federal Electoral Institute ( IFE , in its Spanish initials ) illegally provided more ballots than there are voters in those precincts , or the PAN party stole those extra ballots , or ballots were forged .
“ Taqueo and Saqueo ”
These preliminary recounts demonstrate mainly two kinds of fraud : “ taqueo , ” or the stuffing of ballot boxes with false votes as if putting extra beans inside a taco , and “ saqueo , ” or “ looting , ” that is , the disappearance of legitimate ballots cast .
A significant problem , now , for Mexican democracy ( for those who claim that the election was fair , and also for those who view this evidence as proof of electoral fraud ) is that there is no way to tell , inside each ballot box , which of the ballots were legal and which were not ; nor which ballots were stolen and which were not .
In some past post - electoral disputes for state and local offices , the Trife electoral court has opted , based on this kind of evidence , to annul the results from those precincts where stuffing or looting occurred .
If the Trife follows the law and its own established precedents , and annuls the results in these 7,442 precincts where the fraud took place , it would reverse the official results and López Obrador would emerge the victor by more than 425,000 votes nationwide .
Specifically , Calderón would lose 1,225,326 votes from his tally , while López Obrador would lose just 556,600 ; a difference of 668,726 .
When factoring in IFE ’s claim that Calderón has a more than 243,000 vote advantage , López Obrador would still win the election by those 425,000 votes plus some .
In other words , if the Supreme Electoral Court determines that only half of the problematic precincts are to be annulled , López Obrador would still be declared the presidential victor .
To continue to impose Calderón , at this point , would require the court ’s endorsement of results from at least 4,000 precincts that the recount has demonstrated were scenes of the electoral crimes of ballot - stuffing and ballot - theft .
By failing to annul those precincts , the court would , in effect , annul the legitimacy of the Mexican State , lighting the fuse on a social conflict much larger than anything that has yet occurred in the wake of the fraudulent election .
The Clock Is Ticking
The Trife court has a constitutional deadline of August 31 to complete its computations and of September 6 to either declare the presidential winner or , alternately , to annul the elections .
The court has very broad and absolute power to annul up to 20 percent of the precincts without annulling the entire election ( annulment would mean that Congress would choose an interim president and new elections would be called within two years ) .
If the Trife annuls more than 20 percent of the precincts , the entire election would have to be annulled .
López Obrador and his supporters have demanded a full recount of all precincts : “ Vote by vote , precinct by precinct . ”
And , indeed , the results of the partial recount strongly suggest that a full recount would demonstrate that they won the election .
As the tension has risen , and the deadlines approach , López Obrador supporters maintain a 12 - mile encampment in downtown Mexico City , have symbolically closed government office buildings , held mass marches with millions of protesters , maintained encampments outside of IFE offices throughout the country , and this past week began “ takings ” of toll booths on federal highways , allowing motorists to pass through without paying .
López Obrador has already announced that if the Trife tries to impose Calderón , there will be “ civil resistance ” at the halls of Congress on September 1 , when President Vicente Fox must give his annual State of the Union address , and that on Mexico ’s national Independence Day , September 15 , when the president traditionally leads the “ cry of pain ” from the Mexico City Zocalo , the opponents to the electoral fraud will displace
Fox with a cry of their own .
Many observers viewed the Trife court ’s initial rejection of a full recount as a reflection of the court ’s own bias and willingness to impose Calderón as president at any cost .
Others believe that the electoral court ’s own established precedent of annulling precincts where ballot stuffing or theft occurred puts it in a position of having to annul those 7,442 precincts ( almost six percent of all precincts nationwide ) , reversing the results of the election .
Also , recently , one of the justices of the nation ’s Supreme Court suggested in public that if the Trife does n’t or ca n’t establish certainty over the result , the highest court may then intervene .
In other words , September 6 might not be the final date of the legal conflict over this very tarnished election .
Presence of Malice
Photo : D.R. 2006 El Universal
IFE
PAN
IFE
The partial recount has also revealed more evidence of a pattern of malice on the part ofofficials .
The existence of more ballots than there are voters instronghold precincts indicates that either theillegally sent more ballots than allowed to those precincts , or somehow the party in power obtained them by other illegal means .
The recount has also revealed a massive number of precincts where the seals on the ballot boxes had been broken since Election Day , opening the possibility that ballots were inserted or removed after July 2nd .
Mexico ’s television duopoly – Televisa and TV Azteca – have declined to report the irregularities that have surfaced as a result of the partial recount .
The same goes for much – but not all – of the corporate media .
The facts have instead broken the media blockade via Internet and organization , as well as the detailed reporting of the daily La Jornada in Mexico City , the daily Por Esto ! in Yucatán ( two of the nation ’s four largest newspapers ) and some other media .
Add to this mediatic schizophrenia the factor that those who support Calderón and insist the election was clean are passive , lacking conviction , whereas those millions who believe an electoral fraud was committed are active , and in the streets , and it is evident that just as the Mexican State has lost legitimacy , the corporate ( especially television ) media have lost credibility and power to spin public opinion .
Photo : D.R. 2006 Reforma
This morning , part of the protest encampment in downtown Mexico City , along Madero Street , was dismantled by its participants and thousands moved , en masse , to the entrance to the halls of the Federal Congress .
Riot police blocked them from reaching the doors .
There was some pushing and shoving , as the accompanying photos show , but demonstrators – who outnumbered police by a factor of thousands – by and large remained peaceful , still holding out a cubic - centimeter of hope that the Trife electoral tribunal will do the right thing and fix the fraud .
But that patience is as thin as a razor , and as the clock counts down to the decision that the Trife must make by September 6 , the electoral court and its seven judges now have the facts in hand , the evidence of systematic fraud that changed the results , which the partial recount has furnished .
The anti-fraud protestors have maintained a peaceful round - the - clock vigil outside the halls of Congress in the Mexico City neighborhood of San Lazaro for various weeks , in which many of the current senators and congress members from the PRD party have participated .
At 2:15 this afternoon , elements of the Federal Preventive Police ( PFP , in its Spanish initials , the same agency that invaded San Salvador Atenco in May ) attacked the vigil encampment , according to this wire report from La Jornada .
( The report states that six congressmen and women were wounded in the attack ; El Universal reports the number of legislators wounded by police at 11 . )
When police forces attack and prevent duly elected senators and congress members from entering their own governing hall , the term for that is coup d’etat .
It is an invitation to social revolution .
The events of recent weeks and months in Mexico suggest that Vicente Fox and his attack troops would be wrong to presume that there are enough police in the country to hold back the turn of history that he is provoking from above .
Photo : D.R. 2006 El Universal
Today marks two months since June 14 , when 15,000 citizens of Oaxaca beat back and chased 3,000 riot cops from that city ’s historic center , revealing the “ new math ” of Mexican protest movements .
They have since taken the state TV station and more than 30 city halls , as well as having shut down the state government in their demand that repressive Governor Ulises Ruiz Ortiz resign .
Yet their numbers are a fraction of the masses that , in Mexico City and elsewhere , are resisting the electoral fraud .
And added to the post - electoral conflict , more related to that in Oaxaca , is the unsettled account of 30 political prisoners arrested May 3 and 4 in San Salvador Atenco , the pending arrival there of indigenous comandantes from the Zapatista Army of National Liberation ( EZLN , in its Spanish initials ) , and the quiet organizing being done from Mexico City and in other states by its Subcomandante Marcos and thousands of organizations and adherents to the Zapatista Other Campaign , which , outside the glare of the media and the electoral spectacle , organizes toward a national rebellion more ambitious than saving the vote of a single election , but , rather , seeking to topple an economic system .
The Trife , if it imposes the fraud , will accelerate the Zapatista calendar as perhaps the greatest consequence .
If the seven electoral justices believed that holding a partial recount would calm passions , the facts unleashed by that partial recount have served , instead , to flame them .
What the judges do with those facts will determine whether the institutions will correct the fraud , or whether the institutions will risk , as in Oaxaca , falling from power because of trying to impose an indefensible crime against Mexican society and democracy .
What seven judges decide in the next three weeks will mark a crossroads in Mexican history … and that of all América .
Click here for more Narco News coverage of Mexico
Lea Ud. el Artículo en Español
Legga questo articolo in italiano
Narco News is funded by your contributions to The Fund for Authentic Journalism .
Please make journalism like this possible by going to The Fund 's web site and making a contribution today .
- The Fund for Authentic Journalism
Panda : From birth to cub Posted on Sunday , May 11 2008
The far - right is just now discovering that , in 2003 , Merriam - Webster adjusted its definition of marriage to include the following line :
2. the state of being united to a person of the same sex in a relationship like that of a traditional marriage
In addition to citing expert YouTube commenters ( seriously ! ) , one of the arguments the conservative World Net Daily wheels out is a dictionary definition ... from 1913 .
B.J. Penn was gutsy , but Georges St. Pierre was simply superior Saturday in the UFC 94 main event at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas .
Penn , the 30 - year - old UFC lightweight champion , fought off takedowns in the first rounds .
St. Pierre , the 27 - year - old UFC welterweight champion , grabbed a few single - legs but could n't finish them , though he used his length on the feet to score points .
Georges St. Pierre 's superior jab and striking ability proved too much for B.J. Penn .
Mark J. Rebilas for ESPN.com
St. Pierre finally finished a single - leg to start the second .
He was able to posture up and land a solid left hand to his Hawaiian opponent 's jaw , which helped open a pass to side control .
St. Pierre landed a right as well before Penn got his guard back .
Penn showed his usual flexibility from the bottom , but he could not control St. Pierre , who punched and elbowed from the top , passed again and cut Penn below the eye .
It was a round that clearly belonged to St. Pierre and set the tone for the rest of the fight .
The French Canadian fighter fed Penn some jabs to open the third .
Penn 's nose began to leak blood , and St. Pierre began to dominate .
On the ground , St. Pierre passed to side control and punished Penn with short punches and elbows .
By the fourth , Penn looked to be in bad shape .
St. Pierre jabbed his face , buried a kick into his leg and put him on his back again .
The round was all St. Pierre , who tied up Penn on the mat and continued to batter him with strikes .
Between rounds ,
Penn 's corner called the fight .
" Last time I fought him , I won a decision , " St. Pierre said .
" This time I really wanted to take him out and I 'm glad that I did .
He 's very tough . "
Machida too much for Silva
Lyoto Machida demolished Thiago Silva in a meeting of undefeated light heavyweights from Brazil .
[ social_buttons ]
The city of Los Angeles intends to retrofit 140,000 streetlights with LED light bulbs .
If successful , this will be the nation ’s largest lighting retrofit , and it comes with a price tag of about $ 57 million .
With nearly 35 million streetlights in the United States , it ’s estimated that they use 1 % of all the electricity is consumed nationwide .
The initiative was announced in Los Angeles by former President Bill Clinton and Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa .
That ’s because LA is getting help with the retrofit from the Clinton Climate Initiative ’s Outdoor Lighting Program .
Part of the funding also comes from a $ 14 million rebate from the Department of Water and Power .
The Clinton Climate Initiative has become an increasingly active arm of the Clinton Global Initiative .
>> More RGB News On Greening LA : Los Angeles Giving Out FREE CFLs
“ If you have ever been to Death Valley National Park and looked up on a clear night , you would see that the stars seem to be dimmer than they were when I was a child .
But they are not getting dimmer , really –the rest of the sky is getting brighter because of all the lights from Los Angeles and Las Vegas and other surrounding cities and communities , ” President Clinton said .
“ This is the best place in the world — in the U.S. at least — to lead this , ” Clinton went on to say , citing the city ’s ongoing environmental efforts .
“ This is like taking 6,000 cars off the road .
“ If every major city followed your lead , we could eliminate 2 1/2 coal - fired power plants . ”
Once the overhaul is complete , the city will get an energy savings of about 40 - percent and reduce carbon emissions by 40 tons / year .
It is expected this will save the city $ 48 million , and reduce carbon emissions by 197,000 tons , over a seven year period .
The program is scheduled to start in June .
Initially 20,000 bulbs will be replaced , and 30,000 with each following year .
While the program will start before New York City ’s own efforts to provide LED streetlights , but NYC hopes to replace up to 300,000 streetlights with LEDs .
Oh snap !
Photo : © Kineticimagery | Dreamstime.com
“ We have a crisis in wage theft , and the Department of Labor has not been aggressive enough in recent years , ” said Kim Bobo , executive director of Interfaith Worker Justice , a group that advocates for low - wage workers .
“ The new secretary of labor says she ’s the new sheriff in town , but I ’m concerned she ’s facing the wild , wild West of wage theft . ”
Secretary of Labor Hilda L. Solis said she took the report ’s findings seriously .
“ I am committed to ensuring that every worker is paid at least the minimum wage , ” Ms. Solis said , “ that those who work overtime are properly compensated , that child labor laws are strictly enforced and that every worker is provided a safe and healthful environment . ”
Ms. Solis said the Wage and Hour Division planned to increase its staff by a third by hiring 250 investigators  100 of them as part of the federal stimulus package  “ to refocus the agency on these enforcement responsibilities ” and “ ensure that contractors on stimulus projects are in compliance with the applicable laws . ”
Ms. Solis said the hirings would “ reinvigorate the work of this important agency . ”
Ms. Solis ’s predecessor , Elaine L. Chao , often defended the Wage and Hour Division , saying it had concentrated on larger , tougher cases , and secured back wages for more than 300,000 workers a year and collected more than twice as much annually as the division had done in the final years of the Clinton administration .
The report concluded that the Wage and Hour Division had mishandled more serious cases 19 percent of the time .
In such cases , the accountability office said , the division did not begin an investigation for six months , did not complete an investigation for a year , did not assess back wages when violations were clearly identified and did not refer cases to litigation when warranted .
“ When you have weak penalties and weak enforcement , that ’s a deadly combination for workers , ” said Representative George Miller , Democrat of California , who , as chairman of the House Education and Labor Committee , asked the accountability office to do the report .
“ It ’s clear that under the existing system , employers feel they can steal workers ’ wages with impunity , and that has to change . ”
Mr. Miller , whose committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on wage and hour enforcement on Wednesday , said he would push to enact tougher penalties for wage violations and laws that made it easier for workers to join class - action lawsuits .
In her years on the political stage , Hillary Clinton was n't always seen as the most humble of national figures .
Yet in a two - day trip through Mexico that ended Thursday , Secretary of State Clinton has served up humility at every stop .
She 's acknowledged in no uncertain terms that the bloody drug wars here are , in part , America 's fault .
She 's compared the 7,000 - plus deaths in drug violence over the last 15 months to the crime wave that hit the US in the 1980s and '90s .
" There are problems in any country .
I spend my time thinking about the problems in my country as well , " Clinton told students and faculty in Monterrey on the campus of Universidad TecMilenio , a high - tech private university with campuses , real and virtual , across the country .
Clinton 's tone is part of a conscious public diplomacy effort by President Barack Obama 's administration to change world opinion of the US , which sank deeply during his predecessor 's eight years , due to the war in Iraq , the treatment of detainees , and other actions .
The approach by Clinton , who 's on her first trip as top US diplomat to Latin America , seemed to be playing well .
Mexico , like many other countries in the hemisphere , has often bristled at what it sees as arrogance and hypocrisy from its larger , richer , and more populous neighbor .
Mexicans have objected to US news coverage of Mexico that 's focused solely on the drug problem – and to statements by top American officials suggesting this country is on its way to becoming a failing state , not in control of all of its territory .
" It seems to me , it starts with tone , " former US ambassador to Mexico James Jones said in an interview before Clinton arrived here .
" The tone should be , the US and Mexican governments have one common enemy , that 's organized crime . "
A US military report warned in January that drug - fueled violence threatened to topple the Mexican government .
Dennis Blair , the national intelligence director , told reporters on Thursday , however : " Mexico is in no danger of becoming a failed state . "
He said the growing violence is a result of the Mexican government 's campaign against drug traffickers , and added : " The Mexican campaign is our campaign . "
In her speech at the university in Monterrey , Clinton tried to steer the discussion of US - Mexico relations away from the drug issue , speaking about the commercial ties and global interests that increasingly bind the two nations .
To reinforce the point , she later visited a modern bio - gas plant that 's producing renewable energy .
" I think it has been unfortunate that the courageous fight that Mexico has waged against the drug cartels has gotten so much attention , to the exclusion of all the other issues , " she said in response to a question .
The drug wars , however , were never far from the surface of Clinton 's trip .
Monterrey has been the scene in recent months of at least two anti-US attacks that have been linked to narcotics traffickers .
In the most serious , assailants struck the US consulate here in October , firing guns and throwing grenades over the wall , although they did n't explode .
Mexican officials have arrested a suspect who 's allegedly tied to one of the country 's leading crime barons .
In Mexico City , Clinton visited the modern new Iztapalapa base for Mexico 's federal police .
With US financial help , the federal police is trying to improve its ability to confront organized crime , a task now largely undertaken by the military .
During her brief stay , Clinton saw a simulated hostage rescue and was briefed on missions undertaken by US - made Blackhawk helicopters , which were on display .
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
Clinton : US shares blame for Mexican drug violence
Drug violence pushes Mexico to top of US security concerns
Commentary : Violence in Mexico is a growing US problem
While a lot of effort has gone into making it difficult or impossible to crash the Python interpreter in normal usage , there are lots fairly easy ways to crash the interpreter .
The BDFL pronounced recently on the python - dev mailing list :
I 'm not saying it 's uncrashable .
I 'm saying that if you crash it , it 's a bug unless proven harebrained .
I thought it might be worthwhile to document some ways the interpreter can be crashed -- although most of these are very unlikely to crop up in real code .
There is also a directory in SVN repository that demonstrates known ways to crash Python .
ctypes
def crash ( ) : '' '\ crash the Python interpreter ... ''' i = ctypes.c_char ( 'a ' ) j = ctypes.pointer( i ) c = 0 while True : j[c ] = ' a ' c += 1 j
from pyl
Bogus Input
Through Python 2.4 you could crash the interpreter by redirecting stdin from a directory :
% python2.4 - c ' import sys ; print sys.version ' 2.4.1 ( # 3 , Jul 28 2005 , 22:08:40 ) [ GCC 3.3 20030304 ( Apple Computer , Inc. build 1671 ) ] % python2.4 < .
Bus error
Starting with 2.5 the interpreter notices and aborts :
% python2.5 - c ' import sys ; print sys.version ' 2.5a0 ( 41847 M , Dec 29 2005 , 22:21:03 ) [ GCC 3.3 20030304 ( Apple Computer , Inc. build 1671 ) ] % python2.5 < .
Fatal Python error : < stdin > is a directory Abort trap
Some modules also do not perform rigorous checking of data they operate on .
The marshal module can cause it to crash the interpreter when given certain strings :
$ python Python 2.4.2 ( # 2 , Sep 30 2005 , 21:19:01 ) [ GCC 4.0.2 20050808 ( prerelease ) ( Ubuntu 4.0.1 - 4ubuntu8 ) ] on linux2 Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
>>> import os , marshal >>> while True : ... try : ... marshal.loads(os.urandom ( 16 ) ) ... except : ... pass ... Segmentation fault
Executing random code , since the interpreter does not verify the well - formed - ness of the code object ( invalids opcodes , wrong stack size , etc. ) .
The following code is known to crashing python 2.4.3 on Windows XP as well as on Linux .
from types import CodeType as code exec code ( 0 , 5 , 8 , 0 , " hello moshe " , ( ) , ( ) , ( ) , " " , " " , 0 , " " )
Exhausting Resources
There are a number of areas where resource exhaustion can crash the interpreter .
Here 's one fairly easy to demonstrate way to do it though :
% python Python 2.5a0 ( 41847 M , Dec 29 2005 , 22:21:03 ) [ GCC 3.3 20030304 ( Apple Computer , Inc. build 1671 ) ] on darwin Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information . >>> import sys >>> sys.setrecursionlimit(1<<30 ) >>> f = lambda f :f( f ) >>> f( f ) Segmentation fault
A slightly subtler example involves getting the interpreter to exhaust some resource internally while performing a single operation :
$ python Python 2.4.2 ( # 2 , Sep 30 2005 , 21:19:01 ) [ GCC 4.0.2 20050808 ( prerelease ) ( Ubuntu 4.0.1 - 4ubuntu8 ) ] on linux2 Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information . >>> f = lambda : None >>> for i in xrange ( 1000000 ) : ... f = f.__call__ ... >>> del f Segmentation fault
GC / weakref interaction
Interaction between these two systems has historically been a sticky point for CPython .
There is still at least one problem in Python 2.4.2 :
$ python Python 2.4.2 ( # 2 , Sep 30 2005 , 21:19:01 ) [ GCC 4.0.2 20050808 ( prerelease ) ( Ubuntu 4.0.1 - 4ubuntu8 ) ] on linux2 Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
>>> import weakref >>> ref = None >>> class Target : ... def __del__( self ) : ... global ref ... ref = weakref.ref ( self ) ... >>> def g( ) : ... w = Target ( ) ... w = None ... print ref ( ) ... >>> g()
Segmentation fault
Dangerous Modules
Some modules are designed to allow programmers access to the guts of things .
Naturally , they also give programmers the opportunity to shoot themselves in the foot .
Here are a few .
The new module allows you to construct various types of objects that normally can't be explicitly created from the interpreter .
You can , for example , create code objects and give them arbitrary strings as their " bytecode " .
There 's no telling how successfully the interpreter will handle such abuses .
The dl module is available on many Unix systems .
It provides an interpreter - level interface to the dlopen ( ) function , giving you dynamic access to the functions in arbitrary shared libraries .
No checks are performed on the arguments to the functions you call .
Hilarity can thus ensue .
( The ctypes module , under consideration for inclusion in Python 2.5 , provides similar functionality . )
The buffer builtin can also be dangerous , since it notionally claims a reference to a range of memory , but does so without going through a Python object or using the standard Python refcount system .
This is visible when , for example , constructing a buffer from an array .
array , then resizing the array such that it internally realloc ( ) s its storage , moving the memory in the process .
The buffer will now refer to an invalid pointer .
The gc module can be manipulated to give access to partially constructed object , accessing fields of which can cause crashes .
Multithreading
Some modules ( or rather objects in them ) can cause a crash , if they are used imporperly in multiple threads ;
* Refering to the same MySQLdb connection , can cause Segmentation fault .
Other
I`ve got another way :
I have written a Tkinter GUI editor [ called " GWiz " ] to help me create and maintain Tk GUIs for my own projects .
[ The editor itself is a GWiz project , too . ]
On several occasions , I have forgotten to close the GWiz - created GUI before exiting I.D.L.E. , and Python [ always ? ] crashes on exit with an " application requested an abnormal termination " error requester .
When I remember to close my app before closing I.D.L.E. , everything goes away cleanly .
I should add code to GWiz to do sys.atexit ( ) clean - up , but I do not know how to UNregister atexit callbacks ; it would be easy enough to fix , but it would require that the atexit module`s call - back registration return the item added to the call - back list , and the addition of another function to remove items from the call - back list .
I can post modifications to the library module , if someone will tell me where to post them .
-- lwickjr , 2006 - Apr -21
python2.5 - c ' lambda ( ( x ) ) : x '
Also causes segmentation fault on some systems ( Archlinux , MacOSX , Windows )
-- glen_quagmire
ABC news ’
Brian Hartman has reported what many have been wishfully waiting to hear for months : the Obamas will soon plant an organic vegetable garden on the White House South grounds .
Following a 60 Minutes interview with Chez Panisse chef , renowned slow foodist and activist for improved national eating habits in the US , Alice Waters , on Sunday March 15th , wherein she called with continued clarion for an organic garden at the White House , First lady Michelle Obama talked of her plans for the garden in an interview for Oprah Winfrey ’s O Magazine that will feature in its April issue .
Mrs. Obama spoke , also , about the importance of healthy eating in that article , and what she hopes the garden will do to send that message to the nation :
We want to use it as a point of education , to talk about health and how delicious it is to eat fresh food , and how you can take that food and make it part of a healthy diet .
You know , the tomato that ’s from your garden tastes very different from one that is n’t .
And peas – what is it like to eat peas in seasons ?
So we want the White House to be a place of education and awareness .
And hopefully kids will be interested because there are kids living here .
The expected garden represents a victory for sustainable food and agriculture activists , such as the White House Organic Farm Project ( WHO Farm ) , which have campaigned publicly for this outcome for months .
WHO Farm traveled across the country in a biofuel - powered school bus last fall to raise awareness of the cause and focus attention on their request to the White House .
Looks like grass roots – or plant roots , in this case – activism still works .
The White House grounds have been decidedly less rustic since 1945 , after Franklin D Roosevelt left office and the first lady ’s “ victory garden ” was replaced with inedible plants .
However , during Woodrow Wilson ‘s term in office , during World War I , the South lawn looked like a scene from farms in the president ’s home state of Virginia , with sheep brought in to freely graze as a gesture of support for the troops overseas .
No animal husbandry activists have yet matched the garden campaign efforts by pushing the Obamas to bring back farm animals to the White House .
Editor ’s note : Our own Robin Shreeves has more thoughts on the plans for a White House garden at MNN.com
Photo Credit : susty.com
Finding a Partner to Trust : The Agile RFP , by Peter Stevens
Peter Stevens , https://www.scrum-breakfast.com/
Customers of software development services who want to outsource a software development project face a problem : Traditional methods of selecting a software developer are expensive , time consuming and optimize the wrong criteria .
They set the stage for delays , cost overruns , and building software with poor or no return on investment .
Agile methods , including Scrum and XP , have proven successful at creating great solutions that meet the expectations of their sponsors and users .
Many organizations would like to apply agile approaches , but the traditional tools for selecting a vendor do n't mix well with agile development .
By conceiving the project from the beginning as an agile project , you can outsource projects effectively and agilely .
This paper :
Describes how one team used Scrum to create an agile RFP Discusses what information should be present in an agile RFP Proposes how to find a partner to trust through a lean , Agile selection process
Background
My customer wanted to develop an application to automate critical work and information flows .
These are very complicated , involving direct customers , end customers , the company itself and its suppliers .
The company had some expensive experiences with waterfall development processes .
Scrum had usually been the solution , so for this project , it seemed logical to conceive the project to mix well with Scrum .
But this presented new problems :
How do you write an agile , Scrum - Compatible RFP ?
How do you select a company to implement an agile project ?
A Google search [ 1 ] was remarkably unhelpful with this problem .
The top links all pointed to a paper and presentation from 2003 about combining Use Cases and User Stories in the RFP process .
A request to the ScrumDevelopment Group produced no responses [ 2 ] .
So we were on our own .
A Classical RFP is poorly suited to Agile Development
A request for proposal would typically include items like the template in Box 1 .
The customer seeks to specify his requirements precisely ; the supplier should say exactly what they are going to do , how long it will take , and what it will cost .
Because requirements , time tables and deliverables are rigidly specified , this form of contracting does not fit well with agile development processes .
Template for a traditional RFP Introduction and Background Purpose of the Request for Proposal Schedule of Events Guidelines for Proposal Preparation Proposal Submission Detailed Response Requirements Executive Summary Scope , Approach , and Methodology Deliverables Project Management Approach Detailed and Itemized Pricing Appendix : References Appendix : Project team staffing Appendix : Company Overview Evaluation Factors for Award Criteria Scope of Work Requirements Deliverables Source : Foundstone RFP Template ,
http://www.foundstone.com/us/services/foundstone_rfp_template.doc
Using Scrum to create the RFP
My customer assembled a team of two domain experts and myself as Scrum coach to put together the RFP .
We decided to use Scrum to create the RFP .
During " Sprint Zero " , which only lasted a week , we were briefed by the product owner .
Then we created and estimated the product backlog .
We reserved a meeting room for the duration of the project , which gave us a place for the burn down charts , task board , and other information that gets hung on the wall in a Scrum project .
We considered the RFP itself to be a product , so we used the agile workshops originally defined by Mike Cohn [ 3 ] to figure out who our readers are and what they want from the document .
The users included :
Our own management , who need a clear vision of what the product will be and what it means for the company
Prospective suppliers , who need to understand the business process which shall be automated and what the new system should do .
" Everybody " who needs to understand how Scrum would be applied in this project .
We came up with a table of contents which included important elements of a classical Project Plan [ 4 ]
Project Charter
What are overriding the corporate goals -- taken from the corporate website Elevator Pitch - what will the product do for its users ?
Product Mission - what will the product do for the company ?
Current Situation :
How is the problem being solved today ?
Desired Situation : How should this system solve problem ?
Risk Analysis :
What has gone wrong in the past and how do we want to prevent that in the future .
What are the big non-functional problems that have to be solved ?
Project Management Procedures , Roles and Responsibilities : A description of Scrum and its roles .
Budget Recommendation :
How much should the project allowed to cost based on the benefit it will bring to the company ?
Each entry in the table of contents became a theme for grouping the stories .
Each story corresponded to some content in the RFP or an appendix .
For example , we had stories like ' Current Process Diagram ' or ' Project Management Procedures ' which corresponded directly to ( sub - ) chapters in the RFP .
Sprint Planning and Demos
Each sprint lasted 2 weeks .
The Sprint Review and Planning Meetings were not as formally separated as in Scrum by the book .
The Product Owner gave us guidance , first in the Kick - Off meeting , later during the Sprint Reviews and the team decided how to translate that guidance into content in the RFP .
So the team was truly self organizing and assumed some of the duties of the Product Owner .
Based on our initial estimates , we set the following themes for each Sprint .
Project Vision Current State User Interviews Desired State Final Document Retrospective / Next Steps
It did n't quite work out that way .
In the Sprint 1 Retrospective , we realized that we should be delivering the RFP incrementally and that we should work toward a definition of done .
So we decided that a Story is only finished when the corresponding information has been integrated into the RFP document and when that chapter has been reviewed within the team for content , spelling and grammar , and the updated RFP is posted on the Wiki .
After Sprint 3 , we could have given the RFP to potential suppliers after any Sprint ( perhaps with a little formatting ) , and they could have starting the bidding the process .
Sometimes we did break stories down ' horizontally ' , e.g. each user interview was a story , even though a user interview produced no content for the RFP .
Such stories had to produce a clearly defined deliverable which was useful for creating the final deliverable .
So a user interview story produced a summary of the interview which the team used a basis to discuss the feedback .
The First Sprint
The application should automate the information flow between the company , its customers and its suppliers .
The process is very complicated and had been analyzed previously , so we wanted to build any work which was already available .
The first sprint focused on two issues :
What is the product charter :
Who is the product for ?
What should it do for them ?
What should it do for the company ?
What previous analysis was available ?
The first drafts of the Product Mission and Elevator Pitch provoked a lot discussion with the product owner and beyond .
Small differences in the wording of either can have tremendous impact on the product , adding or removing many person - months of work .
Lack of clarity increases the risk of building the wrong product , not including critical functionality , wasting resources on unneeded functionality or endlessly retargeting the product as management changes its mind about what the vision is .
Using Scrum for the RFP Project
We used classic Scrum to create the RFP .
Stories corresponded to chapters or subchapters of the RFP .
The stories were estimated in Story Points .
At the beginning / end of each sprint we discussed the results with the product owner and planned the " functionality " for the next sprint .
Each story in the sprint backlog was broken down into tasks and estimated in hours .
We used release and sprint burn down charts to track our progress , occasionally adjusting the scope to ensure that the project would deliver the RFP on time .
We used ' tangible tools ' - cards and flip charts - to manage the backlog , tasks and burn down charts .
By the end of Sprint 3 , we had a document in close to final form .
There is a special moment of recognition in the Product Owner 's eyes , when he sees that he will get his product as wants it .
People who have worked on a waterfall basis are n't used to experiencing that until much later in the project , if at all .
By the last sprint , we were starting to wonder if the additional work we were investing was n't just ' gold plating ' , which made it easier to declare the RFP ' Done ! '
Contents of an Agile RFP
Agile projects set different priorities than traditional approaches and this has an impact on the contents of the RFP .
The most important differences between agile and traditional approaches can be summarized as follows :
Agile Project Traditional Objective of Project Meet goals and needs of Organization , Users and Customers by providing them functionality which helps them accomplish their goals .
Realize defined scope within defined time and budget Scope Negotiable - realize the minimum set of features required to meet the objectives of users and customers Precisely defined in advance .
Often expressed as wish list , which gets cut down in the process of negotiations to meet budgetary goals .
Scope Changes Embraced .
The priority of not yet implemented functions can be downgraded in favor of new requests which are judged more important .
Discouraged .
Changes are often a source of delay or cost overruns .
Change requests are often used by vendors to restore profitability to projects where fierce competition resulted in unprofitable basic prices .
Time Release quickly to start generating ROI Release once with all functionality Quality Actively defined and agreed upon through definition of ' done ' , which is confirmed at the end of every Sprint Assured in a separate QA - Phase .
This increases the risk of delay and cost overruns , because errors detected late are more expensive to find and fix .
Trust Pre-Requisite for working agilely , difficult to establish before work starts .
Attempt to compensate lack of trust through contractual process , penalties , etc. Cost Ideally planned proactively as a function of the value which the project should produce .
Risk ROI is managed continuously by the product owner .
Incremental delivery , regular inspections and prioritization ( delivering the most valuable work first ) are the primary tools for mitigating risk .
Risk of cost overrun is a major factor in planning the project .
Fixed Price / fixed scope , cost ceilings , penalties for late delivery are used to minimize financial risk
Because of the differences , our RFP had a similar structure but different contents than a typical , waterfall oriented RFP :
1. Introduction ( the Company introduces itself )
2. Goals
Corporate Goals System Goals ( Product Mission ) Project Goals ( Elevator Pitch )
3. Budget Considerations
Potential Benefits and Savings Investment Recommendation
4. Process ( Scrum )
Risk Management Project Organization Scrum Roles and Responsibilities Scrum Work Flow Quality Management
5. Current Situation
6. Desired State
Personae ( Roles ) User - Stories Workflows
7. Selection Process
Trial Run / Competitive Sprints
Introduction and Goals
Agile is goal and business value oriented .
So the first priority of the RFP is to communicate the goals of the company , the project , the product and its users and other stakeholders .
The functionality of the system is a means to the end .
So the RFP started with a presentation of the company , its goals and the marketing and functional goals of the system .
This section was the subject of substantial discussion with management .
Who are the intended users ?
How is the market changing and how should this product be positioned to react to those changes ?
What should the product do and what should not do ?
The results were realistic expectations on product and a clear vision of what should be built and why .
Budget Considerations
For agile projects , a relationship of trust between customer and supplier is essential .
Trust means that each partner does not need to fear that his inadequacies will be exploited by his partners .
Trust enables conflict at the level of ideas -
What is best for the product , for the customer and for the customer 's customers ?
With trust , win -win situations are possible .
With trust , it is possible to give in and compromise .
Establishing trust requires openness and honesty and takes time ( together ) to build and develop .
This encouraged us to include the budget considerations directly in the RFP and presently clearly the expected risks of the project , even though it meant exposing our own warts .
It was difficult to come up with a believable model for the benefits ( costs savings , new revenue , new business models etc. ) of the system .
There so are many consultants with spreadsheets of dubious value .
So we chose to simply frame the problem .
How many employees will be affected by the system ?
How much more business could they process if their productivity were raised by 5 % , 10 % , etc .
Or how much money could be saved ?
There was not one answer to this question , but a range of values for discussion .
For each of these ranges , we calculated a value based investment recommendation , based on the double worst case analysis . [ 5 ]
Process ( Scrum )
The risk analysis focused primarily on actual problems .
We had done a retrospective on previous projects and had a good idea on what we wanted to improve or prevent , e.g. SW reliability problems ( internal quality ) , fitness - for - use problems ( external quality ) , project management and oversight problems , supplier dependencies , and misalignment of short term vs. long term budget optimizations .
Many of these issues can be addressed effectively by using Scrum , so we defined Scrum as the process for software development and for escalation management .
We included a description of the Roles , Rituals and Artifacts .
We included some additional metrics on Software Quality , Acceptance Tests defined and passed , Unit Tests defined and passed , which should be presented at every sprint demo .
Escalations shall be handled by a " Management Oversight Committee " modeled on Ken Schwaber 's Enterprise Transition Team .
Their job is to resolve impediments that the ScrumMaster can't .
Originally envisioned as two separate chapters , the Risk Analysis chapter became the introduction to the process chapter and the justification for using Scrum .
Some issues are n't directly addressed by Scrum .
How do you ensure system maintenance over a 10 year period ?
This is both a financial question and an engineering question .
We simply raised these issues with the suppliers in the RFP .
Current and Desired Situation
Next , an understanding of the context is essential to make good decisions about how to implement the product .
The current situation described the process as it existed .
This made clear how the business functioned and helped identify optimization potential , both in the execution process and more importantly , in the customer 's decision process , which could lead to more business for the company .
The section ' Desired State ' reflected most clearly the difference inherent in an agile approach .
Rather than focusing on the functionality of the system , this section focused on the users ( roles or personae ) , their goals and what they want to accomplish with the system .
We spent the most time analyzing the current and desired situations .
As when planning the RFP Project , we started out by brainstorming to identify the user roles ( " Personae " ) and their function in the process .
Some of the roles were obvious : production workers for our company , our customer and our suppliers .
As the purpose of this system is to reduce operating costs , these were clearly the people who would most intensively use the system .
An important discovery in the Personae workshop was that the primary ( full time ) users of the system are not the purchasers or influencers .
The users ' managers , the suppliers ' and customers ' sales , marketing and management and even our own top management will be ' only ' occasional users , but have much more to say about the success of the system than the primary users .
By giving these users real value , we create Exciter Functions [ 6 ] for those users who are most essential to success of the product .
Further , support users and the system developers also needed functionality to do their jobs , and creating the right functions ( including delegating support functions back to the user ) could lower operating costs substantially .
This quickly produced a draft of the desired situation , not so much in terms of the detailed functionality , but of the user roles and how they will change with the new system .
It also showed how the system could change the relationships with customers and suppliers , open new business opportunities or generate new revenue from existing customers .
Specify the Product as User Stories
We ended up writing a complete set of user stories for all major users of the system .
The result was 20 pages long , so we moved them into an appendix .
In the main document , we just included a top level description of each user role , his / her duties and what that role expects from the system .
Augment the Description with a 4 Track Value Flow Chart
We had set out to describe the processes using Value Steam Mappings [ 7 ] .
After all , we wanted to eliminate waste .
However , the times involved in the processes were so variable that it was not possible to come up with numbers which would be generally accepted .
Instead , we created a 4 Track Value Flow Chart .
Each track corresponds to one of the primary actors :
End Customer ( Our customer 's customer )
Our Customer
Us
Our Supplier
Sample Three Track Value Flow Chart for a fictional job portal .
The tracks are laid one on top of the other and the horizontal axis represented time .
The flow chart shows activities , processes and decisions , and who does each .
The flow analysis makes it clear where productivity improvements could be made , when key decisions are made and by whom , and what interfaces between companies are present and necessary .
Selection Process
How do you know if a team can do agile ?
How do you know that they can work with you effectively ?
Which team is really the better choice ?
This is a hard question to answer .
The classical approach suggests that the vendor should produce extensive documentation about the proposed solution ( at no cost to the customer ) and limit the risk through fixed price / fixed scope contracts , cost ceilings , bonus / penalty incentives etc .
These approaches do not work well with agile development projects , because they create competitive games between vendor and customer , undermine the trust which is necessary to work together effectively , and are challenged reacting to variability in scope .
Competitive Sprints , an agile selection process
Some people would like to believe that building complex software is like going to the grocery store : pick a candy bar off of the shelf , ask what it costs and decide to buy it .
You get no risk and quick gratification .
But building custom software is more like building a race car .
A special one - off product to meet exactly the needs of its sponsor : win races .
As a customer , what are you really buying when you contract for software development ?
You may think you are getting a solution .
But what you are really getting is an implementation team .
And risk is always part of the bargain .
So what you really want is a team you can trust to build your product and to minimize the risk of that choice .
Competitive sprints are a lightweight , lean approach to selecting a software development partner which should dramatically reduce the risk and cost to all parties .
Selecting a vendor through a bidding process is expensive and risky
The process of writing a huge RFP , evaluating and eventually accepting complicated bids from largely unknown vendors is wasteful , risky and expensive .
A customer will often invest substantial effort into creating a Request for Proposal ( RFP ) .
I 've seen RFPs whose size is measured in binders and the effort to produce them measured in man-years .
A vendor will often invest comparable effort into winning a big project .
On both sides , this effort produces mostly paper .
These artifacts have no value except as means to the goal of selecting a vendor .
On the vendor side , this effort has to be amortized during the execution of the project itself .
As there is only one winner , the others make a substantial effort and earn no money .
So this risk gets passed on in the form of higher prices on successful bids .
Competitive bidding can mean offering ruinous prices .
When " winning " means producing at a loss ( sometimes to the point where the supplier goes out of business [ 8 ]
[ Automatic English translation [ 9 ] ) , even the customer loses .
The supplier may have no choice but to play the change - request game to achieve profitability .
A Lean Approach to reduce cost and risk for all parties
How do you maximize trust and minimize risk and cost ?
Once trust has been established , customers are often willing to work with agile companies on a time and materials basis .
Trust greatly reduces administrative overhead and enables a collaborative approach , so establishing trust should be the first priority in a project .
Lean thinking encourages us to see the whole , eliminate waste and defer decisions until enough information is available to make that decision with reasonable risk .
Deferring potentially expensive decisions until their implications are clear is usually advantageous .
Simply asking for quotes and having a few talks with the sales & consulting staff is just not enough to establish trust or clarify all the open questions .
Working together with the team and evaluating real results would be much more effective .
To select a vendor , after creating an agile RFP as described above :
Prequalify potential vendors
Identify potential vendors and send them the RFP .
Ask the vendors questions , in particular about their experience with agile methods , which will allow you to quickly eliminate uninteresting vendors .
Invite the survivors to bid on the project Select the final short list of 2 vendors who will be invited to start work on the project .
Both vendors work on the project in parallel until a clear favorite is established .
Both vendors get paid and both are expected to produce increments of working software according to the rules of Scrum .
After a few sprints , select one vendor to finish the project .
By deferring the final decision until you have actual experience with the candidates , you reduce the likelihood of picking a candidate that " looks good on paper " but cannot really deliver software .
How to prequalify vendors
Identify your candidates and send them the RFP .
Ask them questions which will separate the wheat from the chaff , for example :
Please present the team which will carry out the project .
How much experience do they have with Scrum and XP ( Extreme Programming ) ?
Are you willing to organize the project according to Scrum ( as described in the Process chapter ) ?
What experience do you have with agile projects on this scale ?
Please estimate the user stories in story points .
What is your estimate of overall complexity ( size ) of the system in Story Points ?
What is your expected team velocity in Story Points per Sprint ?
Given our target budget , how much of the functionality do you think can be realized ?
Given the ground rules , are you willing to participate in the competition to select the final vendor ?
If the vendors are used to working on an agile basis , they will have no problems with these questions .
If they are not , they will probably not even be able to respond , especially if deadlines are kept tight .
You will need to meet with prospective teams for a day or so to answer their questions about the user stories .
Afterwards the vendors should be able to size the system and answer your questions quickly .
If there are more than two vendors still in the running , you will need to use the answers and the results of the interviews to trim the field down to two vendors , who then participate in the competition .
Hedge your bets on productivity differences between teams
Productivity differences between individual developers can be a factor of 10 to 20 .
Teams converting to Scrum often report a 3 fold increase in productivity within 6 months .
The best Scrum teams have reported improvements of a factor of 10 compare to industry averages .
The difference might be technical ability , but human chemistry issues are just as important , if not more so .
Even if the difference between to the top two contenders is only 25 % , investing 10 to 20 % of the development budget to hedge your bets reduces your risk substantially and may pay off dramatically .
Let us assume that you plan to spend $ 2.4 Million over 12 months , or $ 200'000 / Month to develop the software .
If you add one month 's effort to the budget , that would raise the total by 8 % .
But given the productivity differences between teams , even investing an additional 25 % probably yields a positive ROI .
Furthermore , the cost of delay while you take three months to pick a partner without producing any usable software should be much larger than the cost of redundant development for a short period .
How to run the contest
Here are the ground rules .
There are two vendors .
Both are going to start your project according to the process you defined in the RFP and continue for a defined trial period ( probably one to three months , but not more than 25 % of the total project duration ) .
After each sprint , both players present an increment of working functionality and you will decide which partner you want to continue working with .
The winner gets full compensation for the initial sprints and a contract for the rest of the project .
The loser also gets paid ( perhaps only 50 or 75 % ) and does not get a contract .
Here are the steps in the competition .
Agree on other playing rules : who are the team members ?
May staff participate who are not invoiced ?
Is overtime allowed ?
Who owns the software and ideas which are produced by the loser ?
You may need to ensure that quality does not get sacrificed for quantity as you will be producing code which one day will go live .
Agree on the definition of done .
This probably should include points which confirm that the partner is capable of test driven development and continuous integration .
The teams should not incur technical debt .
The same definition should apply to both contestants .
Prioritize the backlog and , working with both vendors , create a set of fine grained stories which should be implemented during the trial period .
Hold the first sprint planning meeting together with both contestants , so both teams get the same initial briefing .
Both teams get a defined period to implement their increments of functionality .
If the trial period is longer than one sprint , then continue with the Scrum process until the trial period is over .
Each team should work independently .
Finish the / each Sprint with a Sprint Review and Retrospective .
This should only include the implementation team and the product owner , as it is part of the Scrum process .
When the last sprint retrospective is complete , the competition is complete .
If the teams want to give a sales demonstration , this should happen after the competitive sprints are finished .
At the end of the trial period , you have not just qualitative and quantitative data on which to base a decision .
You have experience working with your new partner .
You have some working software ( or not ) .
In short , you have much more information to base your decision on .
This approach does present some challenges .
Managing one team can be very demanding for the product owner .
Managing two teams might be difficult .
This will be even more dramatic if the teams do more than one sprint , as the sprint and product backlogs will surely diverge quickly .
Who wins ?
One the one hand , everybody wins .
The risks and up - front costs of producing and responding to the Agile RFP are much lower than the traditional approach .
By working with the teams , you build confidence that you can work with them and that they can build the software you need .
You can judge the teams based on working software rather than attractive presentations or other artifacts .
By starting to work on a solution early , you reduce your time to market .
You will probably get a better solution , because the competition will spur everyone 's creative juices .
Even the loser will have some good ideas which will improve the final result .
On the other hand , you actually have to choose a vendor .
On what criteria should you decide ?
Just picking the one who develops the most functionality is risky .
It encourages the developers to incur technical debt to show more exciting functionality .
Economic criteria will still play a role .
Whatever you choose , they should ensure that you pick a vendor with whom you want to work and in whom you have confidence that they can deliver the solution you required .
Retrospective
Scrum worked well to manage the creation of the RFP .
We defined the scope and met the essential objectives of the project -- even if some of the stories did not get implemented .
The RFP served its purpose by focusing on the goals of its users .
A definition of done was very helpful to focus on creating the document on a chapter by chapter basis .
However the product owner did not really do incremental " acceptance testing " , so there were a lot a changes and the end of the project .
The customer decided to keep the implementation in house , rather than contract it out , so the competitive sprint approach was not tested .
Three people worked on the RFP at approximately 50 % .
Approximately 4 1/2 Person - Months were invested in the RFP .
Was this too much ?
This is the big unanswered question .
In an agile process , the objective is to create the specification just in time through direct communication between team and product owner .
This is not possible before a supplier has been selected .
We did learn a lot about the desired application and shifted the center of gravity of the project in ways we would not have expected had we not done the user centered design .
By writing the stories ourselves , we remained business focused and not technology focused .
We have a complete product backlog , but have not thought much about release strategies ( time to market ) because without an implementation team , we had no way to estimate the stories .
But should we really have written 20 pages of user stories ?
I am not sure .
I had the feeling we were over - specifying .
The more we produce , the more we will have to communicate to the implementation team .
The more the team gets told what to do , the less they will think about the problem themselves .
Future work
This approach is a step away from a classical submission process , but is not yet purely agile .
Some thoughts for next steps :
Repeat this process in another context .
Our process had no aspirations to creating a generalized process .
So your RFP might and probably look different than this project 's results .
Use competitive sprints in an actual bidding process
Is it possible to involve potential vendors already in the RFP creation project ?
At least theoretically , it would be better to have one or more people from the implementation team involved from the beginning .
Whether consultants from competing companies would have an incentive to work together is interesting question .
References ( most are not working more than 10 years later ... )
http://tinyurl.com/cnog6b
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/scrumdevelopment/message/30679
http://agilesoftwaredevelopment.com/blog/peterstev/creating-scrum-product-backlog-start-users
Inspired by http://blogs.techrepublic.com.com/tech-manager/?p=581&tag=nl.e053
http://agilesoftwaredevelopment.com/blog/peterstev/big-development-project-how-much-does-it-cost
http://agilesoftwaredevelopment.com/blog/peterstev/filling-product-backlog-go-excitement
M. & T. Poppendieck , Implementing Lean Software Development , pg. 83-92 http://www.vbz.ch/vbz_opencms/opencms/vbz/deutsch/DieVBZ/TramBus/VBZ-FahrzeugeImEinsatz/fahrzeuge/DasCobra-Tram/entwicklungsgeschichte.html
http://www.vbz.ch/vbz_opencms/opencms/vbz/deutsch/DieVBZ/TramBus/VBZ-FahrzeugeImEinsatz/fahrzeuge/DasCobra-Tram/entwicklungsgeschichte.html
Text and Images © 2009 Peter Stevens .
Based on a series of articles originally published on AgileSoftwareDevelopment.com .
More Agile Knowledge
Scrum Expert
Agile Tutorials and Videos
Click here to view the complete list of archived articles
This article was originally published in the Spring 2009 issue of Methods & Tools
The second in a series of stories on Bangladesh and climate migration .
GABURA , Bangladesh –
The dam burst before dawn .
The men of the village knew it could happen .
All day and all night they trudged by the hundreds , shirtless and shoeless , up a slippery hill , hauling baskets of mud on their heads .
It was Ramadan , the Muslim holy month of daylong fasts .
But the men had a only few hours to try to strengthen the mushy barrier that protected their homes from the dangerously rising tide .
Together , in between grueling shifts , they broke fast and prayed for the mud to hold .
When the dam finally collapsed , there was nothing to do but run .
" You cannot believe the strength of the water when it broke .
I 've never seen the strength of the water like this , " recalled Shaidullah , 35 , sitting in the boat he paddled to safety that September night .
" We were panicking . "
That night , the embankment was breached in eight places along the Kholpetua River and other waterways that branch out like a network of arteries from the Bay of Bengal .
No one was killed , but local officials said more than 35,000 people were marooned .
About 6,000 were left homeless .
Water risks are a part of life in this low - lying country dominated by the reaches of the Ganges , Brahmaputra and Meghna rivers .
But scientists and environmental activists said the September flood , which happened during a lunar high tide , was deeply unusual for the time of year .
Even more worrisome , they say , is that climate change is making the unusual more routine .
Locals say the result is a massive upheaval of traditional village life .
For many years , floods have been bringing saline water further inland , destroying the rice fields that once sustained the villages .
Shrimp farms , many built with World Bank investment , have rapidly replaced the rice paddies .
But residents say the shrimp farms employ a fraction of the people needed to harvest rice .
At the same time , a cheap form of food , rice , is being replaced with a pricey one .
The Bangladesh government earns more than $ 400 million annually in shrimp exports , but few Bengalis can afford to eat it themselves .
To make matters even worse , devastating storms like the one that devoured the region in September once were one - in - 20 - year events .
Scientists calculate that floods of that magnitude now happen almost once every five years .
Time to sow , time to reap , time to leave for the cities
Now villagers in Gabura and parts of flood - prone southwest Bangladesh say it might finally be time to leave for good .
Dozens of families interviewed along the coast said they have lived the close - knit village life for generations , and they 're familiar with the rhythm of temporarily moving along when things get bad .
The difference now , they say , is that brothers , husbands and uncles are leaving for the cities in greater numbers than ever before – and this time , they 're not coming home .
" Not only do a lot of people want to leave , a lot of people have left , " said Masudualam , the former district chief in Gabura .
Mohon Mondal , who runs an environmental group in the region and educates villagers about climate change , said the growing number of migrations means that woman and children are left alone for long periods – and sometimes abandoned altogether – when men go off to the cities for work .
Village elders , too , are increasingly left to grow old without their children around them .
Steering a motorized wooden boat down the Kholpetua River , Mondal looked out at the gray , sloping embankments .
A handful are made of brick , but most , like the one in Gabura , are just mud and have never been fortified with anything stronger .
Malnourished goats scampered across the narrow river wall , and old men with long beards walked barefoot , leaning on wooden canes .
Mondal pointed out uprooted mangrove trees along the way .
The mangroves serve as a natural storm barrier and bore the brunt of Cyclone Sidr in 1997 .
More than 3,000 people died in that cyclone , but scientists credit the Sundarbans forest mangroves with protecting Bangladesh from the very worst of Sidr 's wrath .
Now river erosion and creeping salinity are slowly killing the trees .
" People are living outside the dam because of river erosion , " Mondal said .
" They have lost a lot of things .
Several times , their houses . "
With more flooding , good jobs dry up
He pointed to the old men and teenage girls – and even children as young as 7 – casting nets in the water for shrimp fry .
It 's a job locals call " working the net . "
They earn the equivalent of about 50 cents a day , and it's about the only type of job left here .
Mondal grew up in the area just outside the Sundarbans and said life now is completely different from the one he remembers .
" People used to play outside .
You 'd see kids playing .
Now everyone is working .
Everybody is worried about how to eat , " he said .
" A lot of people are leaving here now .
They are going away , even to India . "
Standing atop the mud embankment in Gabura , which a month after the tidal flood , men were still working to restore , Masudualam said he believes the flights are temporary .
" Hopefully , if we can strengthen this area , people will return , " he said .
Amjat Ali , 70 , of nearby Chakbara , harbors no such hopes .
His son , a farmer who fished to supplement his income , moved last year to the district seat of Satkhira .
Now the son drives a ricksha , and Ali said he does not expect the boy to ever move back home .
" If he comes back , what is he going to eat here ? "
Ali said .
" The land is getting spoiled .
There 's no way to earn anything over here and nothing to eat here . "
Abuisa , 32 , who goes only by his first name , is the last of his seven brothers still living in Chakbara .
Their father once owned land but , he said , " that 's fallen into the river . "
The sons fished and foraged honey in the Sundarbans forest .
' How will we move from here ?
We do n't have anything '
In the past three years , four of his brothers moved to the nearby city of Jessore on the Bhairab River .
After the most recent flood , the fifth brother went to Kuhlna , a port city , to find work in the rice mills .
A tiger mauled the sixth to death .
Now Abuisa is making his own plans to leave .
" A third of everybody , almost , is thinking about leaving , " he estimated .
" When people leave , they usually do n't come back . "
The hardest hit , experts agree , are the families who are unable even to move .
Social scientists say they are the ones most vulnerable to traffickers and others who prey upon the poorest of the poor .
They are left to make do as best they can .
Shaidullah said he is in that category .
Covered in mud from working all day to rebuild Gabura 's embankment , he described swimming frantically to his boat the night of the flood .
There is no electricity in Gabura , and Shaidullah rowed in the black night across the river that moments earlier had been a rice paddy .
By the time he reached his mud and thatch house , the water had already crashed down a wall .
His wife lay beneath it .
Shaidullah carried her into the boat , where she crammed in with three of his sisters , his brother , the brother 's wife and a nephew .
They grabbed a few bags of rice and vegetables .
The rest – bed and pillows , mosquito net , pots and pans , the chicken , and two goats – sank beneath the swelling tide .
" We saved whatever we could get our hands on , " Shaidullah said .
" But everything else washed away . "
Even before the flood , he said , things were hard .
Not like years ago , when the rice fields were plentiful .
No one in the village was ever rich , but no one starved , either .
Shaidullah , in fact , said he was " quite well off " as a rice farmer .
He could even save about 10,000 taka , or about $ 145 , each year .
" Now even the daily food is hard to come by , " he said .
On an average day , he and his wife eat patna , rice soaked with water and salt , and green bananas .
His uncle left recently for India , and Shaidullah said he would like to look for work in Khulna , Bangladesh 's third - largest city , just a few hours away by bus .
But he does n't see how that 's even possible .
" How will we move from here ? " he asked .
" We do n't have anything .
We do n't have any money to move , as bad as things are .
So we have to stay here and make our life here as best as we can . "
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
👋 Hello , World !
There 's nothing to see here !
Florida legislator wants random drug tests for the unemployed David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday March 16 , 2009
Print This Email This Employers have justified drug tests in the workplace by pointing to such negative effects of drug use as absenteeism and work - related injuries .
Now a Florida legislator has proposed that random drug - testing also be applied to those receiving unemployment insurance , justifying it as a way to make state funds go further .
Florida State Senator Michael S. Bennett told Fox News host Steve Doocy on Monday that with the unemployment rate in his recession - battered state running between 10 % and 11 % , he worries that the Unemployment Trust Fund might be exhausted .
" I wanted to ensure that people who are qualified for unemployment -- that the money would be there when they actually go down and get unemployment and that we were n't supporting the people who were not able to go to work , " Bennett explained .
" It was nothing against the people who were using the drugs as much as it was to ensure that the people who needed unemployment , it would be there when they got there . "
Bill Piper of the Drug Policy Alliance , which is dedicated to ending the " war on drugs , " responded that " to require someone to pass a drug test to get their unemployment insurance after they 've been laid off is pretty cruel -- and to require them to pay for the test themselves is even more cruel . "
" It 's a pretty degrading process , " Piper went on .
" You have to urinate in front of another person .
...
You have to tell complete strangers if you 're on birth control or Viagra or if you 're suffering from depression . "
" Normal , everyday Americans should n't have to go through that , " insisted Piper .
" We 're talking about people who 've already paid into the unemployment system .
They 've been working hard already , and it 's simply unfair to throw another hurdle to feeding their families . "
" He makes a good argument , " Doocy agreed .
" Unemployment insurance is money that people have already paid into the system .
Why should n't they get it if they 're laid off ? "
" When you file for unemployment , " Bennett replied , " basically you 're saying ' I 'm ready , willing , and -- quote -- able to go to work .
If the person who pays into the unemployment has to pass a drug test ... to pay into it , surely the people who are taking out would not object to having to pass the same stringent test .
...
If you 're not able to go to work because you can't pass a drug test , why should you draw unemployment ? "
" Clearly the people he 's talking about were already capable of working , " Piper commented .
" They should n't have to take a drug test to prove something to any one . "
Bennett , who recently proposed freezing the pay of county clerks and commissioners and similar low - level state employees , may be sincere in saying he is only trying to save money .
However , according to election disclosure forms , he did receive a $ 500 donation to his 2006 election campaign from Abbott Laboratories , which provides workplace drug test kits .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast Mar. 16 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
In his travels , Mr. Halil began to notice the stream of geologists from France , China , Canada and Australia scouring ever deeper into Tuareg grazing lands .
Little seas of flags , used to mark potential mining areas , sprang up everywhere , he said .
“ I asked myself , ‘ What do we Tuareg get out of this ? ’ ” he said .
“ We just get poorer and poorer . ”
An Insurgency Begins
Mr. Halil ’s efforts were part of a wave of civic activism that has swept over Africa in the past 15 years as the continent has become more democratic .
Many of the new elected governments are deeply flawed , but because of a more youthful , urban population in touch with new technology , their citizens are often better informed and less willing to tolerate the corruption that has squandered so much of Africa ’s potential .
In February 2007 , a group of armed Tuaregs mounted an audacious attack on a military base in the Air Mountains .
A new insurgency was born .
They called themselves the Niger Movement for Justice and unfurled a set of demands : that corruption be curbed and the wealth generated by each region benefit its people .
Far from useless , as Mr. Halil ’s high school map had said , Tuareg lands produce the uranium that accounts for 70 percent of the country ’s export earnings .
But almost none of those earnings returned to those who lost access to grazing land and suffered the environmental consequences of mining , the rebels argued .
To fight the rebellion , the government has effectively isolated the north , devastating its economy .
International human rights investigators have also documented serious misdeeds on both sides .
The rebels use antivehicle land mines that have killed soldiers and civilians , while the army has been accused of extrajudicial killings , arbitrary detentions and looting of livestock .
In all , hundreds of people have been killed , and thousands have been pushed from their land .
Despite the violence , mining and exploration continues largely unabated , but the rebels contend that corrupt officials siphon off much of that wealth .
The country ’s prime minister was forced to step aside after being accused of embezzling $ 237,000 , and last summer he was indicted .
As soon as it’s on sale at Landover - Baptizon.com , someone must buy me this 🙂
I *really * hope it ’s a coloring book :
The author explains the premise of the book :
You see , parents had to come up with a way to occupy their children while they were away from home , praying and fornicating under the altar of Satan .
And since they did n’t have babysitters back then , they gave their kids eggs to play with and sometimes paint …
But the reason they chose eggs had nothing to do with any sort of fertility or fertilizers ( as some misguided Christian historians would have you believe ) .
Nope , it was because of Lucifer ’s testicles !
Glory to God !
And I wo n’t say a word more about it !
I do n’t want to ruin the book for you !
No wonder it has a sales rank of # 1 .
( via Landover Baptist Church )
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Facebook has raised $ 500 million so far , but with costs mounting and ad - revenue growth slowing , that ’s not enough .
BusinessWeek reports that the social - networking site is looking for credit lines of up to $ 100 million to finance the lease of new servers , which it needs to support its growing membership .
Introduction to Gaming AI
Empire Total
War features thousands of men on screen at once .
All need to have a degree of intelligence to make the game playable .
You probably do n’t think that the average rabbit is particularly intelligent .
They generally like eating grass , hopping around and digging holes .
How complicated could such a small animal be ?
Well , in early 2008 , IBM embarked on a project to digitally simulate the cerebral cortex of such a small mammal at the Thomas J Watson Research Center .
The test used 8,192 processors and 2.8TB of memory on the Blue Gene - L supercomputer to simulate the 22 million neurons and 11 billion synapses found in the 16 c m2 cortical surface of a rabbit ’s brain .
Simulating even primitive intelligence is extremely demanding , so how does a basic PC go about simulating human intelligence in multiple game characters at once ?
Gaming AI is in many ways similar to 3D graphics rasterisation , which uses complex trickery such as shaders and textures to give the impression of real light and shadow .
If you were to properly ray trace a 3D scene in a game , as you would in a CGI movie , it would take considerably more processing power , and the same applies to AI .
Creative Assembly ’s AI programmer , Richard Bull , who masterminded the battle AI system inexplains that " the AI academics are your wizards and we ’re your stage magicians – it ’s all smoke and mirrors with game AI .
" We ’re trying to give you the perception of reality , and often we therefore look like we ’ve got systems that are much more impressive than anything the academics can create , and we ’re not doing anything more intelligent .
In fact , in most cases , we ’re not – what we ’re doing is giving the perception of the AI being much cleverer than it actually is .
" When an enemy inkicks you as you move closer and then dives through an open window , it gives you the impression that it ’s a real human character wanting to kill you and survive , but all it ’s really doing is responding to a computer program and using the right animations at the right time .
Unwrapping gaming AI is rather like watching the camera zoom out to reveal Frank Oz controlling Miss Piggy ; it ’s disappointing at first , but becomes incredible when you see the amount of work that goes into the puppetry .
Nature may abhor a vacuum but art knows no such contempt .
From silent music to invisible exhibitions , the last 50 years have seen the rise of a movement for which absence was presence , less was more and the void was full to the brim with meaning .
Now , for the first time since John Cage penned his noiseless 4'33 and Yves Klein invited thousands to view an empty , white - washed room , Paris 's Pompidou Centre is devoting an entire exhibition to the art of nothing .
Hailed by one critic today as the most radical show ever seen inside a museum , Voids , a retrospective is a celebration of art which , as the artist Robert Barry put it , wants us to be " free for a moment to think about what we are going to do " .
A re-creation of different exhibitions spanning 50 years , the retrospective stretches through nine rooms , all of which are unashamedly devoid of content .
The freshly painted walls are uniformly white , the floors all pale wood parquet .
The only features that stand out – a thermostat here , an exit sign there , a piece of tissue lying discarded in the doorway – take on a strange and surely unprecedented significance .
For Laurent Le Bon , director of the Pompidou Metz , the project is " at the frontline of artistic venture and the venture of art history " .
His fellow curator , Mathieu Copeland , told Le Monde it was intended to be a " real experience " whose participants would be challenged to think hard about their environment .
" It was not just about creating a radically conceptual exhibition but inviting people to explore in a very physical way the spaces around them , each of which has its own texture , " he said .
At the top of the bill is Klein , the original void - enthusiast , whose 1958 show at the Iris Clert gallery in Paris started the ball rolling with an " anti-blockbuster " whose defining characteristic was its lack of physical character .
Such was hype ahead of The Void ( or , to give it its full title , The Specialisation of Sensibility in the Raw Material State into Stabilised Pictorial Sensibility , The Void ) that around 3,000 people queued outside for their turn to pass through a blue curtain into an empty room .
The Pompidou accompanies his work with that of other artists who followed in his wake , such as Maria Eichhorn , Bethan Huws and Robert Irwin .
The British collective Art & Language also plays its part with the resurrection of its 1967 Air- Conditioning Show , while Laurie Parsons ' solo exhibition from 1990 is recreated with its original disdain for clutter ( the invitations for the original New York show contained no names and no dates , just the address of the Lorence - Monk Gallery ) .
Denis Comy , an artist from Wales who was exploring the empty spaces this morning , said he was stunned by the " purity " of the concept .
" You stand here in a major art gallery and you expect to see something , " he said .
" But it 's just whiteness .
Things like the emergency signs suddenly seem superfluous , intrusive . "
Perhaps predictably , his feelings are not shared by everyone .
A group of American students in Paris for spring break was less than impressed .
" It 's a load of bullshit , " said one .
" It 's like they could n't be assed so they just left it bare . "
Tim Geithner has finally revealed his plan to fix the banking system and economy .
Paul Krugman , James Galbraith , and others have already trashed it .
Why ?
In short , because the plan is yet another massive , ineffective gift to banks and Wall Street .
Taxpayers , of course , will take the hit .
Why does Tim Geithner keep repackaging the same trash - asset - removal plan that he has been trying to get approved since last fall ?
In our opinion , because Tim Geithner formed his view of this crisis last fall , while sitting across the table from his constituents at the New York Fed : The CEOs of the big Wall Street firms .
He views the crisis the same way Wall Street does -- as a temporary liquidity problem -- and his plans to fix it are designed with the best interests of Wall Street in mind .
If Geithner 's plan to fix the banks would also fix the economy , this would be tolerable .
But no smart economist we know of thinks that it will .
We think Geithner is suffering from five fundamental misconceptions about what is wrong with the economy .
Here they are :
The trouble with the economy is that the banks are n't lending .
The reality :
The economy is in trouble because American consumers and businesses took on way too much debt and are now collapsing under the weight of it .
As consumers retrench , companies that sell to them are retrenching , thus exacerbating the problem .
The banks , meanwhile , are lending .
They just are n't lending as much as they used to .
Also the shadow banking system ( securitization markets ) , which actually provided more funding to the economy than the banks , has collapsed .
The banks are n't lending because their balance sheets are loaded with " bad assets " that the market has temporarily mispriced .
The reality :
The banks are n't lending ( much ) because they have decided to stop making loans to people and companies who can't pay them back .
And because the banks are scared that future writedowns on their old loans will lead to future losses that will wipe out their equity .
Bad assets are " bad " because the market does n't understand how much they are really worth .
The reality :
The bad assets are bad because they are worth less than the banks say they are .
House prices have dropped by nearly 30 % nationwide .
That has created something in the neighborhood of $ 5 + trillion of losses in residential real estate alone ( off a peak market value of housing about $ 20 + trillion ) .
The banks do n't want to take their share of those losses because doing so will wipe them out .
So they , and Geithner , are doing everything they can to pawn the losses off on the taxpayer .
Once we get the " bad assets " off bank balance sheets , the banks will start lending again .
The reality :
The banks will remain cautious about lending , because the housing market and economy are still deteriorating .
So they 'll sit there and say they are lending while waiting for the economy to bottom .
Once the banks start lending , the economy will recover .
The reality : American consumers still have debt coming out of their ears , and they 'll be working it off for years .
House prices are still falling .
Retirement savings have been crushed .
Americans need to increase their savings rate from today 's 5 % ( a vast improvement from the 0 % rate of two years ago ) to the 10 % long - term average .
Consumers do n't have room to take on more debt , even if the banks are willing to give it to them .
The two charts below from Ned Davis illustrate the real problem :
An explosion of debt relative to GDP .
The first is Nonfinancial Debt To GDP .
The second is Total Debt To GDP .
In Geithner 's plan , this debt wo n't disappear .
It will just be passed from banks to taxpayers , where it will sit until the government finally admits that a major portion of it will never be paid back .
* Somali refugees in Kenya face humanitarian disaster
* Charity expects 100,000 new arrivals this year
* Fears of cholera , women and children most at risk
NAIROBI , March 27 ( Reuters ) - Hundreds of thousands of Somali refugees holed up in northern Kenya face a " humanitarian emergency " this year as disease starts spreading through overcrowded camps , Oxfam warned on Friday .
More than 250,000 people live in Dadaab's three sprawling camps and Oxfam said 100,000 more are expected to arrive before the end of the year as al Shabaab , a pro-al Qaeda Islamist insurgent group , battles Somalia 's fragile new government .
The aid agency said an assessment of the camp had uncovered " a serious public health crisis caused by a lack of basic services , severe overcrowding and a chronic lack of funding " .
It said illnesses including cholera would run rampant through the settlements unless urgent steps were taken .
" Conditions in Dadaab are dire and need immediate attention .
People are not getting the aid they are entitled to , " said Philippa Crosland - Taylor , head of Oxfam GB in Kenya .
Dadaab 's refugees live in shacks made from branches and plastic sheeting in one of the world 's largest refugee camps .
Oxfam said half the people there have inadequate access to water and sanitation .
More than 20 recent cases of cholera have been confirmed at the camps in arid eastern Kenya .
Aid workers say the humanitarian situation in Somalia is the worst in the world .
Fighting has killed more than 17,000 civilians since the start of 2007 , one million more have been driven from their homes and about a third of the population -- more than 3 million people -- need emergency food aid .
Oxfam said more land needed to be set aside for Somali refugees who fled over the border into Kenya , and more money devoted to improve their living conditions once they got there .
Kenya closed its long , porous desert border with the failed Horn of Africa state after the U.S. - backed defeat of an Islamic Courts group in Jan. 2007 .
But Oxfam said the closure had failed to stem a rising tide of people trying to escape the bloodshed as al Shabaab tightens its grip on large swathes of central and southern Somalia .
The move has actually increased health risks , the charity warned , because frontier clinics were shut down and now refugees no longer get any check - up before arriving at the camps .
" The Kenyan government must address this humanitarian crisis , rather than ignoring it , " Crosland - Taylor said .
Al Shabaab is the main stumbling block for Somalia 's new president , Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , who is trying to restore peace and stability after 18 years of civil war .
( Editing by Daniel Wallis )
Toward the end of Monday ’s meetings on fiscal responsibility at the White House , Senator Kent Conrad stood up and produced a little bolt of honesty .
“ Revenue is the thing almost nobody wants to talk about , ” said Mr. Conrad , the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee .
“ But I think if we ’re going to be honest with each other , we ’ve got to recognize that is part of a solution as well . ”
Mr. Conrad ’s frankness was delivered in the cryptic language of budget experts , and many people might have missed the point .
So allow me to translate :
Your taxes are going up .
They will probably go up in the coming decade , and the increase will be permanent .
For a half - century , federal taxes have remained fairly constant relative to the size of the American economy  equal to about 18 percent of gross domestic product .
But the 18 percent era has to end soon .
It wo n’t end because President Obama is some radical tax and spender , either .
It will end because of a basic economic reality .
Americans have made it clear that they want a certain kind of government , one that can field a strong military and also maintain popular programs like Medicare .
Yet we are not paying nearly enough taxes to maintain those programs .
Even major changes to the health care system  the single most important step for closing the budget gap  will not close it entirely .
Taxes must rise , too .
Nearly 3,000 news stories this past week jumped on the bandwagon to report that a new study had found that red meat may be deadly .
This is another flagrant illustration that we ’d all be a lot healthier if we just stopped reading medical news stories .
Not one health journalist reported the study accurately , truthfully or responsibly .
As a result , countless people have been needlessly frightened about their food and health and are being led to make health decisions or support policies that have no grounds in sound science .
This was not a clinical study at all .
Not a single person was ever examined .
It turned out to be another computer data dredge of those AARP member mail - in questionnaires from 14 years ago .
It was unable to find a single tenable correlation between meat consumption and premature death — in fact , it not only failed to find an association between meat and higher incidences of cancer or premature deaths , but if you want to split hairs , it found the opposite of many of the claims in the news this week .
Before revealing what did n't make the news , let ’s take a quick look at how they did it .
Garbage In
As readers will remember , in 1995 - 6 , the AARP had sent out questionnaires to its members ( 50 - 71 years of age ) in select parts of country , asking them their height and weight , lifestyle habits , and to estimate how often they had eaten 124 food items over the past year .
Only 1.5 % of AARP members returned the questionnaires , and they were not representative of adults their age at all .
Their self - reported answers were never confirmed , either .
But these mail - in membership questionnaires became the NIH - AARP Diet and Health Study database .
It has been used to dredge through and find all sorts of meaningless correlations to frighten people .
[ The most recent scare was here . ]
A total of 617,119 persons returned the AARP member questionnaires .
For the study published this week in Archives of Internal Medicine , the authors used questionnaires from 322,263 men and 223,390 women .
Based on those food frequency questionnaires , the authors estimated how much red meat the seniors had eaten .
Red meat intake was calculated using the frequency of consumption and portion size information of all types of beef and pork and included bacon , beef , cold cuts , ham , hamburger , hotdogs , liver , pork , sausage , steak , and meats in foods such as pizza , chili , lasagna , and stew .
Taking this already dubious data , they “ created three diet types : high - , medium - and low - risk meat diets ” and gave a point score of 1 through 3 to people at the different meat consumptions .
Using computer modeling , they looked for correlations between their estimated meat consumption scores and deaths over the following ten years , as reported on the Social Security Administration Death Master File .
Finally , they estimated odds ratios ( also called hazard ratios ) of the links that came up .
Causes of death were taken from insurance billing codes ( International Classification of Diseases , ICD - 9 and ICD - 10 ) .
Computer games
These types of studies [ epidemiological data dredges were explained here ] are most rife with misinterpreted statistics , errors and biases , and are most easily manipulated to arrive at whatever conclusions researchers set out to find .
They are also the most poorly understood .
Not only is it common to mistakenly think that any correlations the computer models dredge up indicate causation , but the public does n’t realize that , especially for these types of studies , a correlation ( “ risk ” ) has to be mighty big to even suggest a true effect .
The more data you mine , the more likely you ’ll randomly yield hits that are statistically significant , but no better than chance and mean nothing .
The bigger the study , the bigger the chances for spurious correlations .
Computer modeling errors are often even larger than random chance .
So , relative risks for a link between meat and deaths , for example , have to be tenable — beyond what would have come up by random chance and statistical error or as a marker for a confounding factor .
Credible scientists do n’t accept as tenable any relative risk under 200 % to 300 % .
But it ’s easy to frighten people who do n’t understand statistics with inconsequential correlations that sound significant and scary .
These are the studies that become the scare of the week .
Computer programs can and do spit out countless nonsensical and contradictory correlations .
We only hear about the ones the authors choose to report , though .
We never hear about all the others their computer model found that are just as spurious .
If we heard the full story , it would be much more obvious how uncredible the entire statistical game is .
For example , we did n’t hear that this study also “ found ” that among women :
● Being married was associated with more than a 30 % increased risk of death .
● Doubling their alcohol consumption was associated with one - third lower risk for premature death .
● College diplomas were associated with a lower risk for premature death .
Yet , no one would seriously suggest that women could lower risks for premature death by hanging up a diploma , getting divorced and hitting the bars !
These are clearly markers for factors that might play an actual role .
In epidemiological observational studies , foods are most often markers for real factors in health outcomes , although the correlations have never been tenable in the first place .
That ’s why , every time healthy eating has been put to test in well - designed clinical trials , it ’s failed to show a meaningful benefit for the primary prevention of diabetes , heart disease or cancers , or to help people live longer .
Meanwhile , all of those clinical research resources could have been spent on finding real cures and treatments , but those are n’t as profitable or as politically useful as “ healthy eating and lifestyles . ”
What the study found
The authors in this latest AARP data dredge were unable to find even one tenable correlation between any type or amount of meat consumed and the 47,976 deaths in men and 23,276 deaths among the women during the ten years .
This was a null study .
It was unable to find any valid link between red meat or processed meats and premature death from any cause .
If you want to have fun splitting hairs among untenable odds ratios , the highest red meat consumption was associated with a greater chance of the men dying from injuries than cancer .
Clearly bunkum to think red meat makes men accident prone !
Reporting odds ratios rather than actual incidences can also make the risks sound huge and real , like the 22 % odds ratio for cancer deaths associated with the highest red meat consumption compared with the lowest consumption among the men .
Of course , this odds ratio was n’t more than random chance to begin with , but no reporter reported that .
If the actual incidences had been reported , though , the nonsensical finding would have been instantly apparent .
Among the 16,433 cancer deaths among the men over ten years , the difference in actual incidences each year between those with the lowest and highest meat consumption was 1.4 % — certainly not a finding that would have generated nearly 3,000 news headlines trying to scare us that red meat is deadly .
Among the women the untenable findings were the opposite being reported .
Among the total deaths among the women , the actual annual death rate was 1.19 % among women with the lowest red meat intake .
This compared to 0.8 % among women with the highest red meat intakes .
So , the more meat the women purportedly ate , the lower their risks for premature death and of dying from cancers .
Not a single reporter reported that the highest red meat consumption among women was " associated " with the lowest actual rates of premature death from all causes or cancer deaths .
Clearly , no food or health writer understood the study methodology or statistics , or bothered to look beyond the press release .
Claims that this study supported the need for everyone to significantly reduce their meat intake were simply not supported in this study .
Nor are such admonitions supported in the body of the soundest evidence to date , as has been covered in - depth previously .
We do n’t even need to think very hard .
Rates of premature deaths from all causes , including cancer and heart disease , have been steadily dropping for more than half a century .
Meanwhile , per capita red meat consumption has stayed nearly identical since 1990 .
It makes all of those unfounded speculations that we ’ve heard all week to “ explain ” why red meat is bad have been the biggest give - away of people who do n’t understand science .
If you ’re still worried about red meat , though , there ’s a simple solution : grill or roast your favorite type of red meat until it ’s a rich brown color and enjoy guilt - free .
It tastes a lot better , too . :-)
Mr Daifallah is accused of leaving a " trail of stench " with his actions A man sprayed a mixture of urine and faeces in two supermarkets , a pub and a bookshop in Gloucestershire , a jury at Bristol Crown Court has heard .
Sahnoun Daifallah , 42 , of Bibury Road , Gloucester , is alleged to have caused damage estimated at £ 700,000 last May .
Mr Daifallah pleaded not guilty to four charges of contaminating goods and two of damaging property .
He also denied possession of material to contaminate goods and possession of an offensive weapon .
The court heard he visited the Air Balloon pub near the village of Birdlip on 14 May 2008 where police were called after he asked a barmaid how much it would cost to rape her .
This was his little calling card because he did not like the way he had been treated
Stephen Dent , prosecuting
When officers arrived Mr Daifallah was no longer there but he had left a " trail of stench " behind him , the court was told .
Stephen Dent , prosecuting , told the jury : " This was his little calling card because he did not like the way he had been treated . "
He then moved on to Waterstones bookstore in Cirencester where it is alleged he sprayed the substance from a spray container all over a toilet in the coffee shop .
In total 706 books were contaminated .
Frozen chips
On 16 May 2008 Mr Daifallah is said to have visited Tesco in Quedgeley where a shopper noticed him acting suspiciously with a laptop bag in the frozen food aisle .
The prosecution told the court a customer saw Mr Daifallah reach into his bag and produce a jet of fluid which smelt like urine over the frozen chips .
He then moved on to the wine section where a member of staff saw a fine vapour come out of his bag and on to the wine , leaving brown fluid over the shelves , the court heard .
The store was closed for two days for cleaning .
He is then alleged to have driven to Morrisons in Abbeydale .
An employee saw Mr Daifallah acting strangely in the wine section .
He said Mr Daifallah " absolutely stunk " and that he had to stop himself from gagging because of the strong smell of ammonia and urine .
The trial continues .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Greenspan says recession will be ' longest and deepest ' since ' 30s
Jeremy Gantz
Published : Tuesday February 17 , 2009
Print This Email This
The maestro was wrong .
Eight months after he predicted the worst was over and the threat of recession receding , former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said the current global recession will " surely be the longest and deepest " since the 1930s .
And , in comments to the Financial Times , he said he backed bank nationalization : " It may be necessary to temporarily nationalize some banks in order to facilitate a swift and orderly restructuring , " he said .
" I understand that once in a hundred years this is what you do . "
Nationalizations would " allow the government to transfer toxic assets to a bad bank without the problem of how to price them . "
The lifelong free marketer , who ran the Federal Reserve from 1987 to 2006 , has been rethinking his assumptions about how financial markets work best since the U.S. economic crisis deepened sharply last year ; he now sees a much larger role for government regulation .
" I see no alternative to a set of heightened federal regulatory rules for banks and other financial institutions , " Greenspan said in a Tuesday evening speech to the Economic Club of New York , Reuters reported .
He said he was " deeply dismayed " to realize in mid-2007 that the premise that firms were enlightened enough to monitor their own risks had " failed . "
But he held out little hope that the brand - new $ 787 billion stimulus bill signed into law Tuesday by President Obama would stanch the economy 's bleeding , saying it wo n't produce long - term effects until the financial system is repaired .
" We need to assure that the repair of our financial system precedes the onset of major fiscal stimulus , " Greenspan said .
" Unless we are successful at that , in my judgment , the positive impact of a fiscal stimulus will peter out after its scheduled completion . "
Nobel Prize - winning economist and former World Bank chief economist Joseph Stiglitz has in part faulted Greenspan for the current crisis , saying he made serious mistakes by supporting every tax cut introduced by former President George W. Bush .
" His first [ mistake ] was to support all the tax cuts ... they did n't stimulate the economy very much , " Stiglitz said last year .
" This task was then transferred more towards monetary policy , though then ( Greenspan ) created a flood of credits with low interest rates . "
But perhaps more ominous than Greenspan 's reference Tuesday to the Great Depression was his comment about the limits of ballooning American debt , which President Obama has also worried about .
The various stimulus and bailout measures passed on Capitol Hill during the last five months have been funded primarily through the sale of U.S. Treasury bonds .
" Much of the fiscal deficit is being funded by foreigners who see U.S. government debt as the ultimate safe haven in all this turbulence , " Greenspan said .
" The long American history of honoring our obligations , dating back to Alexander Hamilton , remains a powerful attraction to foreign investors .
But there is obviously a limit to the expansion of U.S. federal debt . "
Although the 82 - year - old may be worried about his government 's credit line , he has n't lost all his faith in free markets : " We need not rush to reform , " he said .
" Private markets are imposing far greater restraint at the moment than would any of the current sets of new regulatory proposals . "
With wire reports .
President Obama is now comfortably into his crucial first 100 days , and perhaps just at this moment , before the arrival of those Macmillan - esque " events " which could cloud or modify our perception of him , there is little left to say about Obama the pioneer , Obama the politician , Obama the mould - breaker or Obama the icon .
But maybe there is something left to notice about Obama the film critic .
In his autobiography , Dreams from My Father , Obama recounts his spell in New York in his youth , studying at Columbia University , from where he graduated in 1983 .
In his first summer in New York , Obama is visited by his sister Maya and his mother , Ann – famously the woman from whom the president gets the white side of his mixed - race ancestry .
( She would die of cancer in 1995 at the age of 52 ; his father , the Kenyan governmental economist Barack Obama
Sr – whom he hardly knew – died in a car crash in 1982 at the age of 46 . )
Obama wryly describes his mother and sister almost immediately fussing about the studenty squalor in which he was living : " ' He 's so skinny , ' Maya said to my mother .
' He has only two towels ! ' my mother shouted as she inspected the bathrooms .
' And two plates ! '
They both began to giggle . "
Maya and Ann cheerfully spend their days doing tourist stuff and get lectured by the stern Barack in the evening on how frivolous they are .
Obama writes :
" One evening , while thumbing through the Village Voice , my mother 's eyes lit on an advertisement for a movie , Black Orpheus , that was showing downtown .
My mother insisted we go see it that night ; she said it was the first foreign film she had ever seen . "
He goes on :
" ' I was only sixteen then , ' she told us as we entered the elevator .
' I 'd just been accepted to the University of Chicago – Gramps had n't yet told me I could n't go – and I was there for the summer , working as an au pair .
It was the first time I 'd ever been really on my own .
Gosh , I felt like such an adult .
And when I saw this film , I thought it was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen . ' "
Black Orpheus is the 1959 film by Marcel Camus , recreating the Orpheus and Eurydice myth in the Rio carnival ; it won the Palme d'Or at Cannes that year and also a Golden Globe and an Oscar for best foreign - langauge film a year later .
I wrote a very short review of it when it was revived here in the UK in 2005 and I praised it for what I found to be its innocent charm , rather than the throbbing samba - style vitality which was found to be so compelling at its release .
But for the young Barack Obama , neither aspect was persuasive .
He recalls :
" We took a cab to the revival theatre where the movie was playing .
The film , a groundbreaker of sorts due to its mostly black , Brazilian cast , had been made in the fifties .
The storyline was simple : the myth of the ill - fated lovers Orpheus and Eurydice set in the favelas of Rio during carnival , in Technicolor splendour , set against scenic green hills , the black and brown Brazilians sang and danced and strummed guitars like carefree birds in colourful plumage .
About halfway through the movie I decided I 'd seen enough , and turned to my mother to see if she might be ready to go .
But her face , lit by the blue glow of the screen , was set in a wistful gaze .
At that moment I felt as if I were being given a window into her heart , the unreflective heart of her youth .
I suddenly realised that the depiction of the childlike blacks I was now seeing on the screen , the reverse image of Conrad 's dark savages , was what my mother had carried with her to Hawaii all those years before , a reflection of the simple fantasies that had been forbidden to a white , middle - class girl from Kansas , the promise of another life : warm , sensual , exotic , different . "
And this movie , and his mother 's undiminished rapture at it , was to be the subject of fierce self - questioning about his relationship with her :
" The emotions between the races could never be pure ; even love was tarnished by the desire to find in the other some element that was missing in ourselves . "
For what it 's worth , I think Obama is wrong about Black Orpheus – he 's too tough on it .
And yet for me this passage exposed , more dramatically than anything has in a very long while , the fact that critical perceptions are governed by class , by background and by race .
I saw Black Orpheus as a white man , a white liberal .
Of course I did .
The assumption of progressive good faith on race , and the indulgence of potential condescension or even stereotyping in an old movie is something that a white liberal can afford , and as far as the arts and culture are concerned in the prosperous west , white liberals are in the ascendant .
But Barack Obama responded to the film quite differently .
He responded with impatience , with scepticism and with pain ; he saw no reason for black men and women to be objectified – and now , as the president of the United States , he is the subject , the most important subject in the world .
Before Barack Obama 's presidency , Black Orpheus was perhaps destined to be something for film buffs only .
Now , rightly or wrongly , it may become a classic text , a text about something quite other than that intended by its director , Marcel Camus : a loss of liberal innocence about racial difference .
President Obama ’s efforts to get Congress to reinstitute statutory budget rules forcing hard choices is being opposed by Republicans and Democrats alike .
They will produce a law with so many loopholes opening the monetary floodgates that Mr. Obama may have to veto it the first time out .
But he ’d be absolutely right to do so .
Without pay - go rules - budget codes enforced by law that require every prospective dollar in expenditure added to be matched with a cut or another revenue stream - there is little chance of halving the $ 1 trillion - plus deficit by 2013 to $ 533 billion , as the White House has indicated it wants to do ( ironically , President Bush had similar aspirations in 2004 ) .
But it ’s bait - and - switch , with deficit reduction the bait and the switch being tax increases ( not spending cuts ) to achieve the reduction , which is exactly where this is going with the liberals ruling the roost .
This is something Republicans will not willingly stand for regarding pay - go , no matter how much the country “ needs ” the spending and thus “ must ” tax to reach a deficit reduction .
“ My experience with Democrats and pay - go is you pay and they just go on spending , ” said Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , chairman of the House Republican Conference .
“ Republicans have not categorically opposed pay - go ; we oppose pay - go that does not exclude tax increases . ”
Mr. Pence said that in a recession no one should raise taxes on anybody .
He is right about that .
But Republicans should think hard before abandoning support for pay - go , despite the bait - and - switch potential .
With budget controls , there must be a vote on every spending measure , every change to each spending measure , and any tax increases to offset spending increases .
That makes it very difficult for Democrats to raise taxes at will without their fingerprints being on the measures , and it would be very easy for Republicans to hammer them at election time if new taxes are imposed .
Under the original Budget Enforcement
Act passed in 1990 , taxes went up but were largely unnoticed by the American people due to the booming high - tech market , the vast numbers of jobs it created , and the rising economy .
There is no comparable new technology or situation today .
Going back to the recessions and deficits of the 1980s , the economic slump was a mere speck compared to what the country is facing today .
Tax increases today would primarily hit small businesses and their employees , who constitute nearly 90 percent of the workforce , and would only make matters worse than they are now .
Mr. Obama should work to get pay - go enforced .
Democrats should keep in mind that raising taxes will not go unnoticed by the American people this time , and they will have an impact on future elections .
Republicans will make sure of it .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Today ’s topic : Atty .
Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. has said federal drug officers will end their raids on pot dispensaries in California , where medical marijuana is legal .
But this is only the Obama administration ’s policy , and the next president could just as easily resume Drug Enforcement Administration raids .
Is there a way for the feds to address this issue that does n’t subject states and medical marijuana users to the political leanings of different administrations ?
Complete Dust - Up : Day 1 | Day 2
Take marijuana off Schedule I
Point : Stephen Gutwillig
The Obama administration has taken an important step to protect patients in the 13 states with medical marijuana laws .
Atty . Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. confirmed last week that his Department of Justice will uphold President Obama ’s campaign promise to end Drug Enforcement Administration raids of medical marijuana dispensaries in California .
The Bush administration ’s DEA unleashed hundreds of commando - style raids that intimidated and terrorized patients , providers and caregivers while undermining the capacity of states to defend popular medical marijuana laws they had enacted since 1996 .
The Obama White House has ended the reign of terror .
But this cease - fire is n’t enough .
For medical marijuana patients and their advocates , it ’s crucial that the Obama administration and Congress acknowledge the value of marijuana as medicine and foster an open , honest discussion about how the federal government can best regulate its use .
In particular , the feds should remove marijuana from the list of Schedule I drugs .
The Controlled Substances
Act of 1970 created five schedules for all illicit and prescription drugs .
Marijuana wound up in Schedule I , defining it as having a high potential for abuse and no acceptable medical use .
Placing marijuana under Schedule I federally criminalized its use as a medicine and severely restricted research into its medicinal value .
Nonetheless , there is increasing consensus among medical professionals that marijuana provides substantial therapeutic benefits for a number of conditions , including AIDS , hepatitis C , glaucoma , cancer , multiple sclerosis , epilepsy and chronic pain .
To date , 13 states have embraced those findings , rejected the inflexible federal position and taken matters into their own hands .
The vast majority of those states adopted medical marijuana laws by ballot initiative , many by a landslide .
Every state polled has shown a significant majority of voters in favor of legalizing medical marijuana .
Within a year , those 13 states may be joined by as many as six others that are considering medical marijuana legislation or initiatives .
Quite simply , most Americans -- including our president -- agree that when a loved one is seriously ill , he or she deserves access to medical marijuana if a doctor recommends it .
The placement of marijuana under Schedule I makes no sense for a drug that is being recommended by doctors from Alaska to Vermont .
As The Times editorialized Feb. 25 , marijuana “ is not nearly as addictive or intoxicating as less - restricted Schedule 2 drugs such as cocaine and methamphetamine .
Moreover , the active ingredient in marijuana , THC , can be sold in pill form as a Schedule 3 drug .
So what makes the plant so dangerous ? ”
The Obama administration has signaled its intention to use a public - health approach to drug policy in general .
Medical marijuana is the perfect opportunity to illustrate that sensible new posture .
By ending the raids on dispensaries in California , the administration has taken a big step toward protecting Americans who benefit from the medicinal properties of marijuana .
But this policy is far too impermanent and leaves far too many Americans outside medical marijuana states unprotected .
It ’s time to reschedule marijuana and make it available as a medicine to all those in need .
Stephen Gutwillig is California director for the Drug Policy Alliance .
Good job Obama , but medical marijuana should be a federal issue
Counterpoint : Scott Imler
There is little in your post with which to disagree , Stephen .
Although the Obama administration ’s policy change is good news for legitimate and illegitimate operators alike , it is bittersweet for thousands of patients and dozens of trail - blazing individuals and organizations who , acting in good faith over the last decade , have had their lives wrecked , financially ruined or been imprisoned while awaiting this logical and inevitable development .
While the Bush administration ’s commando - style raids have been superbly effective in wiping out the original non-profit and charitable , community - based programs established in the immediate aftermath of Proposition 215 ’s passage in 1996 -- in some cases with the support of local law enforcement -- they ’ve done little to curb the dominance of for - profit , black - market resale operations that constitute the bulk of the burgeoning “ medical marijuana ” industry .
Despite 20 years of presidential stonewalling by two Bushes and one Clinton ( ironically , Ronald Reagan is the only modern president under whom patient access expanded ) , medical marijuana is no longer an issue to decide , but a problem to solve .
Obama ’s more nuanced approached to federal enforcement should help combat the reluctance of states and local jurisdictions to meaningfully regulate medical marijuana for fear of federal prosecution .
For this reason , I have some concerns about the federal government ’s complete abandonment of the enforcement arena and the potential marginalization of the issue as a provincial matter .
I believe that targeted suspensions of DEA enforcement actions against legitimate medical marijuana dispensaries operating in compliance with state law is appropriate .
It pushes us toward a more rational federal policy and the regularization of cannabis as a prescription drug available through traditional medicine .
You are also correct , Stephen , in identifying the next logical step for solving the problem nationally -- federal rescheduling .
Yes , marijuana is a substance with a high potential for abuse , but it also clearly has medical value , so it must come off Schedule I .
The other benefit of viewing this as a national rather than a state issue is liberating the political dialogue from the vapid confines of “ states rights . ”
We live in the United States of America , not the 50 States of America .
There is no reason that a 20 - year - old Californian with a storefront and his own letterhead should be laughing all the way to the bank while an AIDS patient in Oklahoma faces 30 years in prison for growing two plants .
If Holder ’s announcement is a fulfillment of a campaign promise , there is reason to believe that Obama ’s more nuanced statements as a candidate on this issue may still be operative .
He could suspend raids on “ patients ” ( as opposed to , say , wholesalers or guerrilla growers who despoil forests in their reckless pursuit of profit ) , stemming from his belief that medical marijuana is OK so long as it is handled with appropriate controls like any other prescription drug .
As Sen. Dianne Feinstein said at a news conference regarding Proposition 215 , “ The devil is in the details . ”
In the case of California Compassionate Use Act of 1996 and its spawn in a dozen others states , the devil is in the context , which we ’ll talk about tomorrow .
The Rev. Scott Imler was coauthor of Proposition 215 and founder of the Los Angeles Cannabis Resource Center , Southern California ’s first patient - based medical marijuana cooperative .
" I can see that people want to put money back in their local community , " says Singer , who will appear next Tuesday at the Central Library .
" What I 'm concerned about is building a new stadium or a new concert hall in cities that are already the most affluent in the world .
I do n't see that as the best use of money . "
Me : “ Thank you for calling Tech Support .
How can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ Hi , could you send me one of your free connection CDs ? ”
Me : “ Sure ! ”
( I pull up her account and see that she ’s already ordered 50 copies . )
Me : “ Uh , ma’am ?
It seems you ’ve already requested several CDs .
Is there a reason you need another ? ”
Customer : “ Well , yes !
I used up the other CDs already . ”
Me : “ Ma’am , you can re-use the CDs .
Have you been throwing them away ? ”
Customer : “ No .
I put them into the little slot and they just slide in , and the computer keeps them .
I thought it was like a bus ticket ! ”
( I recommended that she go to a local repair shop .
They , in turn , removed almost 100 CDs from the inside of her case . )
The new arms race in space is shaping up to be the largest industrial project in Earth ’s history .
To pay for this project , the aerospace industry has been lobbying Washington for a dedicated funding source .
Budget allocations for missile defense 
Star Wars  are only part of the huge sums of money redirected toward preparations for war in space .
Since World War II , hundreds of billions of dollars have been spent on Star Wars research and development .
When Bill Clinton first came into office in 1993 he ceremoniously announced that Reagan ’s Strategic Defense Initiative ( SDI ) , at that time funded at $ 3.5 billion a year , was dead .
Then he quietly created the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization ( BMDO ) and moved the $ 3.5 billion into the new space weapons development organization .
George W. Bush left office having changed the name to Missile Defense Agency ( MDA ) with an annual budget of $ 10 billion per year .
Not counted in the MDA budget is the money that goes into space technology programs at the National Reconnaissance Office ( NRO ) , National Security Agency ( NSA ) , Department of Energy , NASA , and others .
Conservative numbers indicate that the total military space technology annual budget runs in the neighborhood of $ 75 billion per year .
From Research to Deployment
The Pentagon maintains that the Persian Gulf War in the early 1990s was the " first space war " where it was able to field test new technologies and begin implementing the doctrine of " full spectrum dominance . "
In the 2003 shock - and - awe invasion of Iraq , 70 % of the weapons used in the initial attack were directed to their targets via military space satellites .
Today , terrestrial warfare is coordinated from space .
But there ’s a problem :
If the United States can do all of this , so could another nation .
Thus the Pentagon has for years been working to create the ability to " deny " others the use of space .
According to the Air Force Space Command planning document Strategic Master Plan : FY06 and Beyond , " the ability to gain space superiority ( the ability to exploit space while selectively disallowing it to adversaries ) is critically important and maintaining space superiority is an essential prerequisite for success in modern warfare …
Simply , we must be able to quickly subjugate any space capability any adversary can field while maintaining our own . "
This threat to take out the space assets of other nations is leading to a new and dangerous stage in the space arms race .
China ’s 2007 test of a rudimentary anti-satellite ( ASAT ) weapon was a warning to the United States that it wo n’t allow any one country to be " Master of Space , " as the Air Force Space Command logo reads .
The United States responded in 2008 , using the excuse of a falling satellite , to show the world it had the capability to knock out an object in space .
In this case , the Navy fired a " missile defense " system from an Aegis destroyer into space and successfully hit the doomed satellite .
This test also was a clear warning to Russia and China that the ship - based Aegis " missile defense " system had offensive capabilities and could be used as part of a growing U.S. first - strike capability .
Space Race in Asia
Today , the United States and its allies Japan and South Korea are deploying Aegis destroyers to encircle China ’s coastline and put its small nuclear deterrent capability at risk .
China also knows that the U.S. Space Command has been annually war - gaming a first - strike attack on its nation .
In a computer war game set in the year 2016 , the United States launches the attack , using a system now under development called the military space plane .
This weapon would have the capability to take off like an airplane , fly through space to the other side of the world in one hour , drop a devastating attack on China , and then return to home base .
The Pentagon is selling this space plane to the Congress and the public as the successor to the outdated , and increasingly expensive , space shuttle .
The International Herald Tribune recently reported that Gen. Valentin Popovkin , former chief of Russia ’s space forces , said his country must develop ASAT weapons technology as well .
" We ca n’t sit back and quietly watch others doing that , such work is being conducted in Russia , " Popovkin was quoted as saying .
Russia already has some " basic , key elements " of such weapons , Popovkin said .
During the tenures of both Clinton and the second Bush , Russia and China introduced to the UN General Assembly a resolution calling for a new treaty to ban weapons in space .
The Prevention of an Arms Race in Space ( PAROS ) would outlaw all weapons in and through space , and close the barn door before the horse gets out .
Sadly , the position of the United States has been consistent throughout both Democrat and Republican administrations :
There are no weapons in space and thus no need for a new treaty .
The United States claims that there is no problem .
The Problem with NASA
NASA was created as a civilian agency with a mission to do peaceful space exploration .
But the growing influence of the military industrial complex has rubbed out the line between civilian and military programs .
When George W. Bush appointed former Secretary of the Navy Sean O’Keefe to head NASA in late 2001 , the new space agency director announced that all NASA missions in the future would be " dual use . "
This meant that every NASA space launch would be both military and civilian at the same time .
The military would ride the NASA Trojan horse and accelerate space weapons development without the public ’s knowledge .
NASA would expand space nuclear power systems to help create new designs for weapons propulsion .
Permanent , nuclear - powered bases on the moon and Mars would give the United States a leg up in the race for control of those planetary bodies .
The international competition for resource extraction in space ( helium - 3 on the moon ) is now full on .
NASA ’s job is to do the research and development , and then be ready to turn everything over to private corporate interests once the technology has been sorted out .
The taxpayers will fund the technology investment program .
The military will create the space weapons systems to ensure free corporate access to the space highways of the future .
The aerospace industry is already making record profits from the ever - escalating cost of space technology systems .
Virtually every system now under development is well over budget .
Just one illustration is NASA ’s International Space Station .
Originally slated to cost the taxpayers $ 10 billion , the project has now grown to $ 100 billion and is not yet finished .
High Ground in Space
A little - known congressional study from 1989 called Military Space Forces : The Next 50 Years spells out much of the Pentagon ’s plan for achieving dominance in space .
The Air Force Association published the report in book form , and congressional leaders like Representatives Ike Skelton ( D - MO ) and John Spratt ( D - SC ) , Senator John Glenn ( D - OH ) and now - Senator Bill Nelson ( D - FL ) signed the forward .
In the book , congressional staffer John Collins reports : " Military space forces at the bottom of the Earth ’s so - called gravity well are poorly positioned to accomplish offensive / defensive / deterrent missions , because great energy is needed to overcome gravity during launch .
Forces at the top , on a space counterpart of ‘ high ground , ’ could initiate action and detect , identify , track , intercept , or otherwise respond more rapidly to attacks . "
Collins goes on to propose to Congress that the United States needs bases on the moon , at the top of the " gravity well , " and on armed space stations on either side of the lunar surface .
He writes , " Nature reserves decisive advantage for L4 and L5 , two allegedly stable libration points [ on either side of the moon ] that theoretically could dominate Earth and moon , because they look down both gravity wells .
No other location is equally commanding . "
Collins then concludes that , " Armed forces might lie in wait at that location to hijack rival shipments on return . "
Space piracy is born .
Like the Pentagon , the defense industries also have a plan for space .
They ’re working 50 - 75 years ahead of the rest of us .
They understand the enormous costs involved .
They are moving to secure a funding source and working to bring " reliable allies " into the program to help pay for Star Wars .
They ’ve learned to dress up key aspects of the program as defense , as in " missile defense . "
Space is the new military frontier .
It ’s now up to the peace movement to understand the issue and help the public do so as well .
Unless this costly and destabilizing new space arms race is stopped , life on Earth will become much more difficult .
We must keep space for peace .
Reprinted with permission from Foreign Policy in Focus .
Russian media poked fun at United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Saturday after she gave her Russian counterpart a “ reset ” button with an ironic misspelling .
Clinton ’s gift to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at their meeting in Geneva on Friday evening was meant to underscore the Obama administration ’s readiness to “ to press the reset button ” in ties with Moscow .
But instead of the Russian word for “ reset ” ( perezagruzka ) it featured a slightly different word meaning “ overload ” or “ overcharged ” ( peregruzka ) .
Daily newspaper Kommersant put a prominent picture of the fake red button on its front page and declared : “ Sergei Lavrov and Hillary Clinton pushed the wrong button . ”
A correspondent for NTV television called it a “ symbolic mistake ” , pointing out that US - Russian ties had become overcharged in recent years due to discord over such issues as missile defence and last summer ’s war in Georgia .
“ The friendly US gesture was upturned by a small amusing incident , ” the news website RBC .ru wrote in an article posted late on Friday evening .
“ Yet this curious episode did not stop Clinton and Lavrov from pushing the button in front of television cameras . ”
US Vice - President Joe Biden spoke of pressing the “ reset button ” on relations between Moscow and Washington during a speech in Germany last month .
It has since been repeated in various forms by both US and Russian officials .
— AFP
NEW YORK  Stores could soon run out of the federally subsidized boxes that let an older TV set receive new digital signals , the Consumer Electronics Association has warned .
Manufacturers stopped making the boxes in early January , expecting demand to peak around Feb. 17 , when U.S. full - power TV stations were slated to turn off their analog signals .
Congress , however voted this week to extend the deadline to June 12 .
As talk of a delay grew last month , manufacturers restarted their converter - box assembly lines , said Michael Petricone , senior vice president of government affairs for the consumer electronics group .
But it will take time for the new boxes to reach stores .
The trade association estimates U.S. retailers have 3 million to 6 million boxes at hand .
" The worst case is that there are only 3 million boxes , " Petricone said .
" Retailers would then run out of inventory by the end of February . "
What makes predictions difficult is that the government has run out of money for $ 40 coupons to subsidize the boxes .
There 's a wait list of 3.7 million coupons .
More funds are on their way as a part of a stimulus package , and if they are suddenly released through the coupon program , boxes could run out even faster , Petricone told the Federal Communications Commission on Thursday .
It 's more likely that retailer inventories are closer to 6 million boxes , Petricone said , which means stocks should last until newly made boxes arrive in April .
Nielsen Co. estimates that 5.8 million households are unprepared for the shutdown of analog signals .
Some of them may have converter boxes but have not hooked them up .
Others may need more than one box .
Many stations will stick to the original Feb. 17 shutdown date , but some broadcasters , particularly in big cities , have committed to delaying their analog turnoff until June .
Petricone said converter box supply has counter - intuitively benefited from the economic slowdown .
Since consumers are buying fewer of other types of electronics , manufacturers have spare capacity to make more boxes .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Data Recovery Software
001 micron.com introduces data recovery software downloads .
We have been the market leaders in professional data recovery software products range since 2005 .
We provide data recovery solution for all major storage media such as Hard Disks , Pen Drives , External USB Drives , memory cards of all type of devices including Cameras and Mobile Phones , iPods , Media Players etc .
Will the MSM ever bother to check ( and double - check ) facts ?
http://abcnews.go.com/Entertainment/Movies/story?id=7139585&page=1
After Wake , Some Wonder If Helicopter Could Have Saved Richardson
The province of Quebec lacks a medical helicopter system , often used in the US and other parts of Canada , to airlift stricken patients to major trauma centers .
Montreal 's top head trauma doctor told The Associated Press that may have played a role in Richardson 's death .
http://maps.google.ca/maps?q=hopital%20sacre-coeur%2C%20cartierville
Zoom in .
I could swear that 's a helipad on the hospitals ' grounds !
And that I visited someone in that very hospital two years ago who was brought there by helicopter after breaking his back in a boating accident .
BTW - that helipad has been there since at least the early ' 80s , and is still in use .
Here 's what was actually said :
It 's impossible for me to comment specifically about her case , but what I could say is ... driving to Mont Tremblant from the city ( Montreal ) is a 2 1/2 - hour trip , and the closest trauma center is in the city .
Our system is n't set up for traumas and does n't match what 's available in other Canadian cities , let alone in the States , " Tarek Razek , director of trauma services for the McGill University Health Centre , which represents six of Montreal 's hospitals , told the AP .
Nowhere does he say there is no helicopter service .
Additionally , he gets a few facts wrong - if I can do the trip in an hour without lights and siren , certainly an ambulance can do it in less .
Also , Sacre - Coeur is a regional trauma center - it 's located next to a major highway that goes right up to the Laurentiens , where the ski resort is located , and Ms. Richardson initially refused treatment , which resulted in a 4 - hour delay ,..
What happened was terrible , but a helicopter would n't have made a difference .
Having handlers who told the original medical team that they were n't needed instead of letting them do their jobs and evaluating the patient might have .
Some initial reports , later repeated , claim that " The instructor summoned the ski patrol to check on her but she laughed off the tumble and returned to her hotel room .
Although the ski patrol twice recommended that she see a doctor , she refused "
Other reports paint a different picture - that the first responders never got near her :
Yves Coderre , head of the local emergency services company , confirmed doctors were intially dispatched to the Mont Tremblant resort in Canada after Miss Richardson 's fall on Monday afternoon .
However , speaking to the Globe and Mail newspaper , Mr Coderre maintained that medics sent out by his company , Ambulances Radisson , were deemed unnecessary by ski patrollers .
" They never saw the patient , " he said , adding : " So they turned around . "
Mr Coderre , who is a veteran paramedic , said the decision was likely to have been a key factor in Miss Richardson 's death .
He told the Globe and Mail : " When you have a head trauma you can bleed .
It can deteriorate in a few hours or a few days .
" People do n't realise it can be very serious .
We warn them they can die and sometimes they start to laugh .
They do n't take it seriously . "
Mr Coderre said his team was subsequently called to assist Miss Richardson at her five - star hotel , though he made no mention in the article of specifically how much time had passed .
It was previously reported that the actress had waited an hour before receiving treatment for a second time .
Upon reaching Miss Richardson , he said members of the crew found the actress " was n't in good shape " , whereupon a decision was made to rush her to hospital .
On Tuesday , the resort said in a statement that Miss Richardson did not appear hurt and was fit enough to walk soon after the incident occurred .
The statement said : " She did not show any visible sign of injury but the ski patrol followed strict procedures and brought her back to the bottom of the slope and insisted she should see a doctor . "
The ski resort said the instructor and a ski patrol accompanied Miss Richardson to her hotel , where they again suggested she seek medical help .
Someone has n't got their story straight .
BTW - the article says doctors were dispatched - it 's normal for both an ambulance and a doctor to be dispatched - sometimes the doctor gets there before the ambulance .
There 's a fleet of emergency cars painted the same as the ambulances , staffed by doctors specializing in trauma , ready to go at any time .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Now , I thought that was fairly clear and I figured I would just carry on my merry way .
I 'd keep Twitter updated with my thoughts on the movie as they came to me , live logging , essentially , my experience while viewing The Strangers .
Now , I did n't consider it at the time , but without realizing that I was watching The Strangers , the readers may misunderstand some of my remarks because , when taken out of context , perhaps they 're a bit strange , especially if you think I 'm talking about strangers in general , and not the movie .
Everyone Can See It
( In retrospect , that one 's creepy just on its own merits . )
Long story short , founder of Twitter , Jack Dorsey , wrote me a harshly - worded email about how he " wo n't allow his brilliant site , the future of journalism , the next stage in social networking , to be a vessel for the fetishisation of murder . "
He went on and on about his sharp legal team and liberally threw around the word " sociopath " a few times and told me that , if it happened again , there would be real consequences .
When he asked if he'd made himself totally clear , I told him that I would n't be able to understand him unless he restructured his email to 140 characters .
Then I spent the night in jail .
Who the fuck can tell the difference between instant messages , emails and text messages anymore ??
( Also , the newest posts are on top , so you have to start from the bottom and work up , which is also kinda stupid . )
Meanwhile , follow the shit out of me on Twitter .
Man wrongly jailed for 27 years walks free ... and is hit by a taxi
The man released after spending 27 years in jail for a murder he did not commit has spent his first weekend of freedom in hospital after being hit by a taxi .
Sean Hodgson needed stitches in his face after being struck by the cab as he was about to cross a busy road in London .
His solicitor said the accident was just one example of how difficult it was for Mr Hodgson to adjust to life on the outside after nearly three decades behind bars .
Bitter taste of freedom : Sean Hodgson , left , with his brother Pete leaves the High Court before they headed for the pub - where Sean had to be stopped from lighting up
Mr Hodgson was convicted in 1982 of killing barmaid Teresa De Simone after he confessed to the murder while in prison for another offence .
But the 58 - year - old was finally released last week after new DNA evidence came to light proving he could not have committed the 1979 murder .
Declaring himself ' ecstatic ' as he left the Royal Courts of Justice last Thursday , Mr Hodgson headed straight for the pub for a pint with his brother Peter and the £ 46 prison discharge grant he had in his pocket .
But in a moment reminiscent of Rip Van Winkle - the classic story of a man who falls asleep for 20 years and wakes to find the world changed - Mr Hodgson immediately had to be stopped from lighting a cigarette , unaware of the smoking ban introduced in pubs nationwide two years ago .
Solicitor Julian
Young said his client was upbeat but was finding especially difficult to adjust to life in the capital .
Mystery : Police have reopened the investigation into the murder of Teresa De Simone , above , after Sean Hodgson was proven innocent
Describing the accident , Mr Young said : ' He was struck by the wing mirror of a taxi that mounted the kerb and taken to hospital where he had two stitches in his face .
' He 's OK but I think he 's struggling with life on the outside , and particularly in London .
He 's been in to see us and his spirits are up , ' he said .
Mr Hodgson , who left prison with just £ 46 discharge grant , is now staying in a small hotel paid for by housing benefit arranged with the help of the Royal Courts of Justice 's miscarriage of justice team .
Mr Young said work had now begun on Mr Hodgson 's claim for compensation for the years he spent inside .
He added : ' We 're hopeful things might be moved through a bit quicker for someone who has wrongly spent 27 years in prison .
' You might think a moral stand could be taken given the nature of the case . '
A Home Office scheme means compensation is capped at £ 500,000 .
But Mr Hodgson may make a further claim against the Forensic Science Service ( FSS ) after a blunder prevented him being released ten years ago .
In 1998 , the FSS wrongly told his solicitors no scientific evidence had been kept from the murder scene behind the Tom Tackle pub , in Southampton , Hants .
Mr Hodgson was jailed for life for strangling Miss De Simone after her body was found in her Ford Escort in December 1979 .
He confessed to the murder a year later while in jail for stealing a car - but later retracted his confession , saying he was a ' pathological ' liar .
Despite this a jury convicted him of the grisly murder of Teresa , who also worked as an accounts clerk for a gas company .
Mr Hodgson appealed unsuccessfully against his conviction in 1983 .
Although he continued to protest his innocence while being held in Albany Prison on the Isle of Wight , his case remained closed until he contacted solicitors last year .
Earlier this year , a review of the DNA evidence showed the genetic material found at the scene did not match a sample taken from him .
Police have now reopened their investigation into the killing of the 22 - year - old .
Yesterday , the National Zoo discovered two brand new clouded leopard babies at the zoo 's Conservation and Research Center .
photos by Tracy A Woodward - The Washington Post
The cubs are the first of their kind to be born at the zoo in 16 years , and hand - raising is crucial to ensure their survival .
Parents Hannibal and Jao Chu were imported from Thailand last year and are suspected to have mated several months ago .
On this basketball court in Australia however , someone has finally succeeded in having their message deliberately captured , and this time the message is a rather anti-Google one …
The message , which covers the entire court ( you can see the shadows of the nets at either end ) , reads “ Google stole my Adsense ” – implying that whoever created these words is in some sort of dispute with Google over payments from their “ contextual advertising solution ” , Google Adsense .
What is n’t clear however , is who the person responsible is or , more importantly , whether or not Google will allow this image to remain visible .
We ’ve seen many times that El Goog are happy to remove Street View images at the request of members of the public , but will they remove satellite or aerial images that are critical of their practices ?
Thanks to Ella .
Well , someone at CNBC finally had the nerve and basic PR savvy to answer Jon Stewart : Jim Cramer , the Daily Show host 's recent favorite whipping boy , will appear on the fake news show Thursday .
Just to make sure there 's no misunderstandings , though , the program made it known it plans to take another run at Cramer tonight .
That follows a Daily Show segment dedicated to the Mad Money host 's bad calls last night ( see clip below ) and the five prominently - placed swipes at his record in the show 's seven - minute CNBC evisceration last week .
Cramer should probably also expect a biting video " introduction " Thursday ; the Daily Show 's CNBC rant last week was originally to precede an interview with the network 's reporter Rick Santelli .
Or Cramer could , you know , cancel , as Santelli did , and give the Daily Show another week of absolutely golden ratings .
( At least this downturn is minting money for someone . )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Does the widespread public fury over AIG bonuses constitute a populist rebellion , and signal a major shift in American political culture ?
That ’s what the mainstream media seems to be pondering this week .
The Newsweek cover that hit the stands yesterday reads “ The Thinking Man ’s Guide to Populist Rage . ”
Eye - catching hyperbole is the stuff of newsweekly covers .
( Six weeks ago , Newsweek ’s cover line was “ We Are All Socialists Now . ” )
But the issue is filled with serious essays on the subject , by Michael Kazin , Eliot Spitzer , and others .
And in yesterday ’s New York Times , John Harwood makes similar claims , painting people ’s anger at Wall Street as part of a populist resurgence .
Harwood ’s most prominent source is , of all people , Ed Rollins , the Republican strategist whose credentials on the subject consist of working on the campaign of faux - populist Ross Perot .
One person not quoted in these pieces is the original , and still unequaled , historian of populism , Lawrence Goodwyn .
He identified the first populist movement — the agrarian revolt of the 1890s — as the greatest mass movement in American history .
It posed a genuine challenge to the dominant power structures , especially the banking system .
It was also largely an unfulfilled dream .
Goodwyn ’s 1978 book The Populist Moment is still in print and well worth reading , both for its stirring history and its insights into what is going on today — and what is n’t going on .
Goodwyn traces the Populist Movement to its origins in the rural depression after the Civil War , when Southern and Western farmers formed clubs that fought the monopolistic railroad rates .
By the 1870s these clubs had grown in number and size , forming themselves into Farmers Alliances , which engaged in all sorts of cooperative action , from catching horse thieves to buying supplies .
By the 1890s , the alliances had a combined membership of more than one million people and were in the thick of politics .
Georgia populist leader Tom Watson accused the Democrats of sacrificing “ the liberty and prosperity of the country … to Plutocratic greed , ” and the Republicans of serving the interests of “ monopolists , gamblers , gigantic corporations , bondholders , [ and ] bankers . ”
He said that big business did n’t care about ordinary Americans “ except as raw material served up for the twin gods of production and profit . ”
Most significantly , in relation to today ’s economic crisis , they demanded paper money and an end to the gold standard — changes they believed would help wrest control of credit , and of the money supply in general , from the hands of bankers and other blood - sucking plutocrats , and place it in the hands of the farmers and laborers who were the real producers of wealth .
As an alternative , the populists proposed what they called the “ sub - treasury plan , ” under which a new monetary system would be created and operated “ in the name of the whole people , ” and credit would be freely extended to farmers , small producers , and other ordinary citizens .
In the election of 1890 the movement emerged with substantial blocs — 52 congressmen , state legislatures , a handful of senators and governors — and by 1892 , the alliance leaders had created the foundations of a new People ’s Party .
They got more than one million votes in the elections that year .
Cleveland won , and in 1893 , rural America fell into deep depression .
The populists gained favor , and in 1896 , the Democratic Party ’s nomination of William Jennings Bryan ( who also opposed the gold standard ) represented an effort to pull in the People ’s Party .
But the revolt collapsed , for a myriad of reasons :
It failed in its efforts to build alliances with industrial labor unions and with black farmers in the South .
And it was deprived of its driving force when economic conditions improved .
Some rebellious farmers went home to the Republican Party ; others splintered off into generally futile local movements .
Certain populist ideas were gradually worked into the overall economy — railroad regulation , some banking reform , direct election of senators , postal savings banks , initiatives and referendums , and an expanded concept of currency .
But in fact , the movement ’s co-optation into the mainstream politics of the Progressive Era was what cemented its demise .
Goodwyn sees these reforms as “ skin - deep parodies of the original ideals . ”
As he puts it , what happened was “ a consolidation of our current political culture , framed by the narrow aspirations of ‘ reform , ’— falling within the labels of ‘ progressive ’ or `liberal . ’
No one would ever again challenge the basic structures of the political economy . ”
As for the farmers , “ the noose tightened , with smallholders being swallowed by big enterprises . ”
It marked the beginning of the movement toward agribusiness , as well as an affirmation of the power of the industrialists , the insurance companies , and above all the banks .
The public would push back at that power structure in bad financial times such as the Great Depression , but would never again pose it any serious threat .
What ’s going on today bears little resemblance to the great surge of political organizing that began in and spread through the South and West in the 1890s .
To begin with , it is n’t now , nor is it likely to become , part of any larger mass movement .
It ’s directed at the worst excesses of the system , not at the system itself .
And it does n’t offer an alternative vision , beyond a few more progressive “ reforms . ”
( Contrary to what Rush Limbaugh and Newsweek may say , we are definitely not all socialists now . )
Some reforms are being earnestly pursued by the Obama Administration and some members of Congress .
But it is clear that they have no intention of taking the change any deeper .
And even some of the less tepid reforms may fail .
As Robert Reich wrote on his blog last week :
When the public is n’t looking , Congress reverts to its old ways .
The Obama - supported plan to allow distressed homeowners to renegotiate their mortgages under the protection of bankruptcy has run into a Wall Street wall ….
Obama ’s plan to limit itemized deductions for the richest 1.2 percent of taxpayers ( including the top 1.9 percent of small business owners ) to 28 percent , starting in 2011 , is also in trouble on the Hill .
Wealthy contributors and friends of congressional leaders involved in setting tax policy have balked .
So Congress is telling the White House to look elsewhere for the $ 320 billion it needs over ten years to finance half of the tab for health care reform .
Congressional leaders have also informed the White House that they do n’t have the votes to pass Obama ’s proposal for treating the earnings of hedge - fund and private - equity managers as income rather than capital gains .
Angry populism thrives on stories about the rich and privileged who use their influence to get cushy deals for themselves at the expense of the rest of us … .
It ’s too bad the same populist outrage does n’t extend to issues involving far more money , affecting many more people , and entailing far more insidious abuses of power .
Even if its worst abuses are reined in , the system will survive largely intact and the society it dominates will remain wildly unequal — a far cry from the dreams of those farmers who gathered in barns and grange halls when the nation was much younger than it is today .
Moneual has introduced the most expensive computer in Korea called the 701 Jewelry .
Moneual 701 Jewelry is covered in 3,554 Swarovski jewels and house in gold and brass panel .
Moneual 701 Jewelry is powered by a Intel Core 2 Duo processor , and it comes with 500GB HDD , 7 - inch multimedia touchscreen display , ATI Radeon HD 4000 and its running on Windows Vista .
Moneual 701 Jewelry will cost you $ 30,000 .
via
Stephen Crittenden :
As the unemployment queues grow and the bailouts continue , they 're beginning to say that narcissists with Harvard MBAs killed Wall Street .
Hello from Stephen Crittenden , welcome to Background Briefing on ABC Radio National .
This week , we 're taking a look at the business culture behind the financial meltdown and the kind of business education which shapes that culture .
This is a story that goes a lot further back than Lehman Brothers , or Fanny Mae and Freddy Mac , to the glory days when America 's leading manufacturing companies were the envy of the world .
It 's the story of how this great corporate heritage was squandered , and what this all has to do with the rise of a comparatively new social figure : the professional manager .
There 's no doubt that American business has relied heavily on the Masters of Business Administration as a credential .
Some say too heavily : 100,000 new MBAs pour out of American business schools each year , and more than 40 % of them go into the financial services sector .
But now they 're being called the Masters of Disaster .
As you 'll hear in this program , some of the leading critics of the MBA culture are actually business school professors who have been raising the alarm for some time .
The most prominent among them is Henry Mintzberg , Professor of Management Studies at McGill University in Montreal .
He says there is no question that business schools like Harvard , Wharton , Stanford and MIT deserve a large part of the blame for creating and sustaining the business culture that caused the meltdown , because they have been promoting an utterly dysfunctional form of management practice for decades .
Henry Mintzberg : Look , my view is you cannot create a manager in a classroom , let alone a leader .
You simply can't .
Management is not a science , it 's not a profession , it 's a practice ; you learn it by doing it .
To claim that you 're training people who are not managers to be managers , is a sham , pure and simple , it 's a sham .
You can't do it .
You give completely the wrong impression and you send them out with an enormous amount of hubris which is , ' I can manage anything , even though I 've never managed anything ' .
Stephen Crittenden :
In 1986 , when Russell Ackoff , a pioneer of management education , retired as Professor at the Wharton Business School , he was asked what were the benefits of a business education .
With savage irony he replied that there were three :
Ackoff Reading :
The first was to equip students with a vocabulary that enabled them to talk with authority about subjects they did not understand .
The second was to give students principles that would demonstrate their ability to withstand any amount of disconfirming evidence .
The third was to give students a ticket of admission to a job where they could learn something about management .
Stephen Crittenden : Everyone we spoke to for this program was quick to point out that there are many very capable MBAs , and many good business schools offering sensible MBA courses .
But the number of failed CEOs with MBAs has not escaped notice .
Stan O'Neill and John Thane at Merrill Lynch , Andy Hornby at HBOS , and the best - known of all , Enron 's Jeff Skilling who 's serving a 24 - year jail sentence , and the former President of the United States , George W. Bush .
McGill University Professor Henry Mintzberg says what we call a financial crisis is really at its core a crisis of management , and not just a crisis of management , but a crisis of management culture .
Henry Mintzberg :
It 's a syndrome , it 's a whole attitude .
We 've corrupted the whole practice of management , it 's utterly , utterly corrupt from top to bottom ; not everybody , but much too much of it is corrupt .
It is a cultural problem .
And by the way , it 's largely an Anglo - Saxon problem I think .
I think the worst of it is in the US , and second is the UK .
I think Canada has been smarter .
In England the UK for example , there 's a long history not just of MBAs but of accountants running everything .
In other words , what you had is a detachment of people who know the business from people who are running the business .
Stephen Crittenden : Another critic of the MBA is Harvard Business School Professor Rakesh Khurana .
He says the business schools have been teaching some pretty anti-social theories which their graduates go away and put into practice .
For example , Rakesh Khurana says it was the business schools who were the source of the theory of shareholder maximisation .
They originated the idea of using derivatives and credit swaps to manage risk , and the idea that managers are so fundamentally self - interested that they can't be trusted to do their jobs unless they 're provided with huge stock options .
Rakesh Khurana .
Rakesh Khurana :
What we taught were very simplified and not necessarily accurate models of human behaviour , that over time become self - fulfilling .
And so there was this model that in fact by basically being self - interested to an extreme , that was the appropriate way to behave and act .
And what that does over time , because this is not an innocent exercise , it actually over time because it is a professional school , comes to shape the identity of those individuals .
That is , they begin to see themselves in those views .
And one of the consequences of that is that if you look with respect to executive compensation for example , and the incentives around that , the view becomes that I actually have to be compensated to do the job I was hired for , and on top of that you have to bribe me with stock options to make sure I do that job .
In no other occupation or profession is that part of the modus operandi .
Stephen Crittenden :
This is also a story about how society educates its elites .
Phillip Delves Broughton is a former Paris correspondent for Britain 's Daily Telegraph .
He recently took two years off to do an MBA at Harvard Business School -- HBS -- and he 's just written a book about the experience .
Here 's the man himself , reading from his book .
Phillip Delves Broughton : A second year student rose to welcome us , and to reiterate the importance of values to our future in business .
He told us that simply by getting into HBS , ' You 've won ' .
From now on , it was all about how we decided to govern our lives .
What he said would be repeated throughout my time at Harvard .
Harvard Business
School was a brand , as much as a school , and by attending , we were associating ourselves with one of the greatest brands in business .
We were now part of an elite , and we should get used to it .
I struggled with this idea .
It seemed so arrogant on the part of the school , and somehow demeaning to those of us who had just arrived .
Regardless of who we were when we arrived , or what we might learn or become over the next two years , simply by being accepted by HBS , we had entered an über - class .
It was Harvard Business School , not anything that came before it , that conferred the ' winner ' tag on all of us .
Stephen Crittenden : Some defenders of business school education say the present financial meltdown has been caused by a few greedy and dishonest people , and that the problem can be fixed with more regulation .
But Phillip Delves Broughton , speaking from New York , says it was n't just a few people .
It 's a problem systemic to an entire management culture .
Phillip Delves Broughton :
The big problem with the MBA culture is that it creates this elite group of people who are there by dint of nothing more than this qualification , which is useful , but little more than that .
To say that it qualifies anyone to really do anything is absolutely false .
And I also think it 's fundamentally anti-democratic .
One of the weirdest things about this country is you have enormous churn and entrepreneurialism , and you have a place like Harvard Business School that essentially says ' Once you get in , you 're now part of an elite , almost regardless of what you do subsequently . ' and it seems so antithetical to everything else in American culture .
You see it in their behaviours , this sense of entitlement , the way these people take these golden parachutes .
There is a sense that these people deserve more than their fair share because of who they are because they 're this magnificent elite .
And I think a little humility from these people would be very much appreciated , because it 's been shown they have n't done a tremendous job .
Stephen Crittenden : Given all the risky behaviour we 've seen with derivatives and toxic debt , Phillip Delves Broughton says it 's ironic that in his experience , Harvard Business School seems to attract people who are actually risk averse , at least in relation to themselves and their own careers .
He says unlike genuine entrepreneurs , they tend to be people who want fast - track careers , and by associating themselves with the powerful Harvard brand , what they 're really doing is seeking to minimise risk in their own lives when they go after future opportunities .
Phillip Delves Broughton :
Well it 's always a big joke , essentially .
You look at the great entrepreneurs in the world , the Bill Gates 's , the Rupert Murdochs , the Kerry Packers , the guys who founded Google , Larry Page and Sergey Brin , not one of them went near a business school and yet they 've built fortunes with companies that really have had a big impact on the way a lot of us live .
So people who tend to go to business school I think are people who are trying to set themselves up for life in a certain way , they 're grabbing onto an elite structure again , but they 're not the great adventurers , they 're not the buccaneers , they 're not the people who are going to change the economic universe .
Stephen Crittenden : What about the atmosphere in the classroom at the Harvard Business School ?
In your book you paint a picture of a whole lot of pumped up , not necessarily very critical people , playing corporate games and elbowing each other out of the way , and you say that your wife , Margret , came to the conclusion pretty quickly , that they were a bunch of freaks .
Phillip Delves Broughton :
Well you know , I think there 's two things at play here .
One is , I'm British , I was a journalist for ten years .
You do n't get a more cynical profession than Fleet Street .
And so you take that , and put that in a terribly earnest environment .
It 's an American environment and I 'm a great fan of America , but again , it can be jarring if you come from a more Anglo - Saxon , English , Australian , whatever it is , where people are n't so accepting of corporate game - playing .
You know , in England , you start a corporate game , everyone is rolling eyes , saying , ' Oh Christ , do we have to do this ? '
I quote a friend of mine , a Chinese woman who just got driven crazy because at Harvard Uni , you 're in these classes of 90 , and every class is essentially everyone putting their hands up , there are no lectures , it 's all case studies .
You look at a business situation then you discuss it .
So an enormous premium is placed on your ability to stick your hand up in front of 90 people and make a point .
So for a Chinese woman , she just said , ' Why on earth is my ability to fill air space with just blather , matter ? '
What matters in Chinese business is your ability to get things done .
The last thing they want is these kind of chest - bumping meetings .
And I think again , if you 're not from the American business culture , you can look at this and just find it nonsensical .
Why does it matter if you 're good at meetings ?
Why does it matter if you have an ability to BS ?
And these things seem to be prized .
Stephen Crittenden :
But let 's go back to the beginning .
The United States was originally founded as a corporation , by a corporation , when a group of English Puritans , led by John Winthrop , created the Massachusetts Bay Company , and set sail in April , 1630 , establishing the first really successful settlement in New England .
The Puritans were Calvinists .
The prosperous society they created was quintessentially Protestant , and it would remain so .
More than 300 years later , America 's first Catholic President , John F. Kennedy , who was born in Massachusetts , gave a famous speech in which he embraced this Puritan heritage as his own .
John F. Kennedy :
But I have been guided by the standard John Winthrop set before his shipmates on the flagship Arbella 331 years ago , as they too , faced the task of building a new government on a perilous frontier .
' We must always consider ' , he said , ' that we shall be as a city upon a hill .
The eyes of all peoples are upon us . '
Stephen Crittenden : The Puritans are the heroes of an important new social history of the rise and decline of American business , which The Financial Times newspaper named as one of the top ten business books of last year .
It 's called The Puritan Gift , and it was written by two brothers , Kenneth and Will Hopper .
Will is a retired investment banker , while Ken is a former engineer , and an expert on the history of the organisation of the American factory floor .
In The Puritan Gift , the brothers tell the story of how the Puritans built America .
Will Hopper : I think in a very important sense , they founded the society that became the United States .
The Puritan migration actually lasted for ten years , for the whole decade of the 1630s , something like 160 ships sailed , 10,000 people were brought over , they founded the colony of Massachusetts and the colony of Massachusetts became the model for other colonies , and the pattern spread right across the continent .
Stephen Crittenden : Will and Ken Hopper say the Puritans brought four key virtues with them when they came to America , four characteristics which have been transmitted down through the centuries as a cultural inheritance for all Americans .
This is the ' Puritan Gift ' of their book 's title .
Will Hopper :
The first and the most important was that they were attempting to create an ideal society ; they called it establishing the Kingdom of Heaven on earth .
Later this would be interpreted in a much more secular fashion , that they undoubtedly set out to create the ideal kingdom or society , that they were unable to create in England , and I think that 's the first and the most important .
Secondly , as individuals , they possessed mechanical skills , they were middle - class people with artisan skills ; they were therefore able to build the society , and they came fully equipped , unlike the earlier migrants ; they brought the tools with them .
I think the third characteristic is the one that we admire most , and that is a willingness to suppress the ego , as it were , to subordinate the interests of the individual to the group .
Now that group could be a church , it could be a town , it could be the colony itself ; ultimately it became the United States .
Now this willingness to suppress the ego was , I think , very important .
And finally , there was organisational ability on an enormous scale .
So these are four characteristics which we find right back in 1630 in the original migration , and to a large extent have characterised the United States right up to let 's say the 1980s .
[ Apollo Moon landing audio ]
Stephen Crittenden : High moral purpose , technological innovation , co-operation , and organisational skill .
The first moon landing in 1969 .
From the sailing ship , Arbella to the space ship , Apollo 11 .
In many ways this project represents the culmination of the cultural legacy we 're describing .
[ Moon Landing audio : ' ... the Eagle has landed . ']
Stephen Crittenden : Will Hopper says the four puritan characteristics also shaped the managerial culture of the great American manufacturing companies of the 20th century -- companies like Johnson & Johnson , Proctor & Gamble , General Electric , AT&T , IBM , and General Motors .
At their height , between about 1920 and 1970 , these companies often displayed a surprising social conscience , and tended to value quality over profit .
Their management structures were collegial , bottom - up rather than top - down , so that the entire organisation was involved in management .
Promotion was based on merit , and the chief executive was usually someone who had spent a lifetime working his way up through the same company .
Will Hopper : Yes , this is a characteristic of what we call ' the great engine companies ' .
The young man -- and there were not many women in business going back to the 1950s and ' 60s -- but the young man would join the corporation from college , aged 21 , 22 , and he would work his way up to the top .
And as he went , he learned two things .
He learned the craft of management .
Now I think this word ' craft ' is extremely important .
Management is something that you learn on the job under a master , just like an old - fashioned craft of carpentry for example .
So the individual learned the craft of management as he worked his way to the top .
And at the same time he acquired -- and I 'm now going to use a phrase that was recently launched by Jeff Immelt , who 's the chairman and chief executive of General Electric , which is of course the largest manufacturing company in the world .
Jeff talks about ' domain knowledge ' , he says managers must have ' domain knowledge ' .
And as the young man progressed up through the ranks towards the top , he would tend to move around all the departments , so he spent a little time in sales , a little time in accounting , a little time in manufacturing , and when he reached the top he would have acquired ' domain knowledge ' .
He would know about the product , the suppliers , the customers , the method of production , the relation to regulatory authorities , movements in the market .
He would be a master of the subject .
Stephen Crittenden : According to the Hoppers , the story of how this Puritan inheritance was squandered goes back to the establishment of the Harvard Business School in 1908 , 100 years ago last year .
Although the impact of business schools like Harvard only really emerged after the Second World War , and then only gradually , in retrospect this looks like a key cultural moment .
It 's the moment that marks the beginning of the time when access to management began to be limited to people with a special academic degree .
The tipping point occurs around 1970 , when a new caste of professional managers began to dominate American industry .
And by the 1980s and 1990s , the business schools ruled America .
Will Hopper .
Will Hopper :
The concept arose that management was a profession , like medicine , or the law , or dentistry .
The business schools brought in the idea that management was a profession , you could go to business school for two years , you came out with a degree , and then you could practice management anywhere .
You could practice it in a chemical company , an engineering company , in a government department or in a charity .
And you did n't need to acquire the craft of management because you were qualified .
And secondly , you did n't need to acquire ' domain knowledge ' of the company in which you worked , because you were a trained manager and you could manage anything .
Stephen Crittenden : If Ken and Will Hopper 's cultural history of the American corporation has a bogeyman , it 's Frederick W. Taylor , the inventor of the time and motion study , the founder of Scientific Management theory , or Taylorism , and the first management consultant .
The Hoppers say Taylor himself was an incompetent manager , an utter egomaniac , even a bit insane , and that his insanity would come to infect the whole of society .
Will Hopper :
You have to divide his legacy in two : he had a highly beneficial effect on the organisation of the factory floor .
The factory floor up to that point in America had been a fairly chaotic place where Adam Smith 's principles of the division of labour were not really observed : one workman would make an entire object from the beginning to the end .
And he then brought these Adam Smithian principles to the factory floor , divided the functions , made the factory floor a much more efficient place .
I think if you were summing up his career , you would have to put this on the plus side ; he made factories much more efficient .
I think on the negative side , he attempted to apply the same principles to the human parts of business , and at that point the whole thing began to deteriorate very seriously .
Human beings simply cannot be measured the way physical objects can be measured .
Stephen Crittenden :
The influence of Taylorism has been all pervasive , and not just in America .
It 's from Taylor that the business schools derived their obsession with numbers and measurement , and the idea that management was a science that could be studied in a university .
It 's also due to Taylor 's influence that the emphasis in business shifted from people to figures , and from quality to quantity .
We started to hear talk about the bottom line , employees started to be called human resources , and we saw the rise of the influence of the accountant .
Will Hopper :
If you do n't possess ' domain knowledge ' , how do you run a company ?
Well , you do it through the accounting department .
And so the senior manager studies the accounts of each division every week , he notes when sales go up , he notes when the profit of a division goes up or down , those divisions that do well , senior managers get promoted .
So you have companies run through the accounting department .
Now this leads at once to the manipulation of both underlying activities and figures .
There 's a very good author called Marianne Keller , who wrote a kind of biography of General Motors , and she says the object in General Motors after the arrival of this new concept of management was to improve the numbers , not to improve the product .
This is a theme that runs through the whole of American business , particularly in the 1980s and the 1990s .
It 's what happened at Enron , where they took their debt off the main balance sheet and stuck it into a subservient balance sheet , so the interest costs would not weigh down earnings .
So first of all , you find the manipulation of the events underlying the figures to achieve the right figures and then you have of course the manipulation of the figures ending up in fraud .
So the characteristic of the new age of management as a profession , is improving the numbers , not improving the product .
Stephen Crittenden : Writing about his two years doing an MBA at Harvard Business School , Phillip Delves Broughton says this obsession with figures is why business education has always been susceptible to pseudo - scientific fads like the Myers Briggs test , and psychometrics .
Phillip Delves Broughton :
Do you know , I had n't done any maths since I was 16 , and it was interesting for me to go through the sort of routines again and the disciplines of it .
But often I found at Harvard Business School - and I know a lot of MBAs find this - is that there you are , you sit there and you draw these pretty little graphs and look at your Excel spreadsheets and you 've put together a Powerpoint presentation , everything looks neat and tidy .
But you know what ?
If you 've ever been in the world you realise that things are never that simple , everything is much messier .
And perhaps again , having been a journalist , I 've been in enough situations , I travelled enough to know that you would hear someone talking about a solution and they 'd cracked it with a sum .
And you 've said , ' That would never work , people would never accept those things . '
It 's the ability to think both in mathematical scientific business terms and also with some kind of dose of humanity , that there are people in an economy , as well as numbers .
And I think that often got downplayed , and again , to go back to what we were talking about originally , the more the power and financial rewards drifted to those who could just push numbers around and manage large pools of money , the more dangerous that mindset became .
Stephen Crittenden : On ABC Radio National , this is Background Briefing .
I 'm Stephen Crittenden .
And this week we 're asking whether business schools are to blame for driving the business culture that brought you the financial meltdown on Wall Street .
Bloomberg Anchor : Have the best and brightest minds killed Wall Street ?
Kevin Hassett is a Director of Economic Policy Studies at the American Enterprise Institute , and also a Bloomberg news columnist .
He explores that question in his latest column , and he joins us from our Washington bureau .
Kevin , I could n't help but get a few , I do n't know if it was intended or not , but a few laughs from your column .
It was very interesting , and the take away for me , though -- I hope I do n't offend any viewers -- but the take away was essentially when Wall Street was run by idiots it could handle crises a lot better .
Kevin Hassett :
The reason why Wall Street disappeared is that risk management was terrible , and risk management was terrible because people running risk management for Wall Street firms believed the models 100 % .
They had great confidence .
And there are studies that I site in my columns , psychological studies , that look at what people get out of an MBA , and one of the main things people get out of an MBA is narcissism , self - confidence .
They tend to think that they know what the right answer is and that they 're 100 % right , and the people that are most like that are the ones that rise to the top of organisations .
And so what we had is failed models that were believed 100 % by narcissists running organisations and that brought the organisations down .
If you had people that were worldly and suspicious of these mathematical models running the organisations , they'd be a lot better off .
Stephen Crittenden :
The business schools have always been aware that there are problems at the heart of business education which they 've never quite managed to resolve .
Can management really be taught in a classroom ?
Is it a coherent body of knowledge , like medicine or law ?
These are perennial issues and they 've made business schools places where there 's always been a lot of vigorous and healthy debate about curricula and teaching methods .
But the critics say there 's an even deeper problem at the heart of the MBA degree .
The MBA is all about putting careers on a fast - track to the top , whereas in the glory days of American industry there were no fast - tracks .
MBAs , in other words are fundamentally anti-meritocratic .
On the line from his office at McGill University in Montreal , Professor Henry Mintzberg says wherever the new management class has had an influence , it 's been a corrupting one , beginning with the way it 's undermined the coherence of internal company structures .
Henry Mintzberg :
It kind of creates two tiers in organisations , you know , people who are getting ahead because they have credentials , and people who know what 's going on and are n't getting ahead .
How many times have people come to me and said , ' Look , I agree with everything in your book , but I 'm getting an MBA because I 'm stifled , I can't move up ' .
This is terrible , it 's absolutely dreadful .
And when you ask MBAs -- even MBAs -- to name their most popular managers , the people they respect most , they rarely mention other MBAs .
They mention people like Bill Gates or Warren Buffett -- Buffett was turned down by the Harvard Business School -- they do n't mention people who have MBAs .
So what you get is two tiers and it's manifested most dramatically in the whole compensation issue , where these people are more concerned with what they 're being paid than whether they 're building teams and building companies for the long - term future .
Stephen Crittenden :
So in other words , you 're undermining the very foundational idea of merit - based promotion and you 're creating parallel universes within corporations ?
Henry Mintzberg : Yes .
In effect you 're creating a tier of people who are quite different from the other people who know the heart and soul of the enterprise .
And that 's simply wrong .
Nobody should get ahead because they have an MBA .
If they happen to have an MBA and really know their business , that 's great , terrific .
As long as they were n't too contaminated by all the analysis .
Look , my view of George Bush is give me a 20 - page case study on Iraq and I 'll give you a war .
What did the guy know about Iraq ?
He learned at Harvard that you have to be decisive because in case study classrooms you read 20 pages the night before about a company you never heard of , and the next day if you 're called upon you have to take a stand .
What happens after you do that hundreds of times ?
You learn to be decisive .
George Bush was certainly decisive , let alone divisive , and he was decisive in utter ignorance .
The case study method does that .
It trains people to make decisions about things they know nothing about in their guts and in their soul .
[ Fedex advertisement ... ]
Woman :
Hey , Tom , I know it 's your first day , but we could really use your help .
Tom :
You got it .
Woman :
Thanks , we 're just in a bit of a jam .
All this has to get out today .
Tom : Yeah ... I do n't do shipping .
Woman :
Oh , no , no , no , it 's very easy , we use Fedex.com , anybody can do it .
Tom :
You do n't understand ...
I have an MBA .
Woman : Oh , you have an MBA .
In that case , I 'll have to show you how to do it .
Man : Fedex.com makes shipping so fast and easy , even an MBA can do it .
Relax , it 's Fedex .
Stephen Crittenden : Ken and Will Hopper call the 1980s and ' 90s ' the years the locusts ate ' .
As the content - free managerial caste moved in , bottom - up management became top - down .
These years saw the rise of the imperial CEO and stratospheric salary packages .
They were also the years of outsourcing , and the use of strategic consultants , including two of the biggest , McKinsey 's and the Boston Consulting Group .
In fact , Will Hopper says when company executives employ strategic consultants they 're actually outsourcing the very function they themselves were hired for .
Will Hopper : Strategic consultants barely existed in the 1950s and 1960s , but the strategic consultant becomes very important after 1970 , because if the new chief executive lacks ' domain knowledge ' he has to look for someone who possesses ' domain knowledge ' .
And since he 's the boss , he can't very well reach down into the organistion and ask people how he should run the company , because then he 's not the chief executive .
So this accounts for the rise of the strategic consultants .
But unfortunately , many of them were as lacking in ' domain knowledge ' as he was , so you had someone lacking ' domain knowledge ' consulting someone lacking in ' domain knowledge ' , and unsurprisingly , there was a collapse in the quality of management .
Stephen Crittenden :
And what about outsourcing generally ?
Will Hopper : Well I think there are two kinds of outsourcing .
I mean if I run a factory , I can outsource the canteen without too much trouble , and it may even produce better food .
But as soon as you outsource some key part of the production process , you actually lose control of it .
A supreme example of this has been Boeing in the last decade , with its new Dreamliner .
It not only outsourced the production of parts of the Dreamliner to companies overseas , it actually outsourced the design , and the result has been chaos , and the company is suffering rather badly from it .
So outsourcing can be quite a dangerous exercise .
Stephen Crittenden :
The professional management culture also infiltrated the wider society .
MBAs were taught that were qualified not just to manage businesses , but to manage anything : governments , armies , even charities .
Henry Mintzberg calls it ' educating for hubris ' , and he says business schools like Harvard have been far too immodest in their ambitions .
Henry Mintzberg : Oh yes , I mean read the Harvard Business School website .
I looked at it about a year - and - a - half ago and the words ' leader ' and ' leadership ' appeared over 50 times on the Harvard Business School MBA website .
And very explicit that you 're trained to manage anything , which means you 're doing courses in marketing and finance in order to manage government or healthcare , it 's complete nonsense .
Stephen Crittenden :
That 's interesting .
Several business professors I 've spoken to this week have suggested to me that the way forward for business schools now , is even more focus on teaching about leadership .
Henry Mintzberg : Oh , that 's a lot of nonsense .
That 's a disease in the United States .
Everything is going to be cured by leadership .
Look , every time you talk leadership , you 're talking followership .
So every time you 're identifying a leader , you 're identifying a whole bunch of followers .
Do we want a world of followers ?
And leadership is a very individualistic notion .
Even if that leadership is portrayed as energising everybody else , it 's the individual leader who 's energising everybody else .
And I 'm much more enthusiastic on what I call communityship , that we need much more emphasis on the idea of community and people working together and developing things together .
Stephen Crittenden : Talk of leadership leads to the question of how business schools teach ethics .
In recent years , especially in the wake of Enron , many business schools have been attempting to incorporate ethics right across the curriculum .
Here in Australia , the Melbourne Business School has even appointed a philosopher - in - residence , John Armstrong .
His web page says that in a former life he was a dealer in 18th and 19th century European paintings , and Italian cars .
And at the Melbourne Business School , John Armstrong 's locked the doors in order to talk about ambition .
John Armstrong :
What I 'm interested in is the education of ambition .
I do n't mean educating someone to have ambition , but someone who has appetites -- ambitious appetites -- who wants to make an impact on the world , who wants to rise above the normal fate of human beings , who wants to make their marker on their society .
How do you educate that person 's ambition ?
Look , we 've closed the doors now , it 's secret , OK ?
It 's secret .
The business school is not devoted to averages or normality .
The business school is trying to take people who have unusual , special appetites to get on in life , and to do marvellous things with their lives , and to contribute in valuable and important ways to those people 's lives .
You come to us with a longing , which may not have a definite focus .
It may not have a very clearly defined target , but it 's strong in you , and you know that , and that 's why you 're here .
One of the things that education can do is to arm someone technically .
It 's to put the technical and practical means of advancement , of success , into their hands .
But there 's another shaping task , which is to do with identifying what it is good , what is noble to seek with the powers and the capacities and the strengths that you have .
And this is part of the , the secret of ambition , the embarrassment of ambition .
How do we work out for ourselves what the proper noble task of our lives actually is ?
It 's not the sort of thing there can be courses about -- it 's too embarrassing in the world .
You can't have that .
You can't have a book which says how to be noble , for some reason it 's too private , but it 's perfectly real .
That 's why we 've locked the doors .
Stephen Crittenden : The Melbourne Business School 's philosopher - in- residence , John Armstrong .
Melbourne Business School 's Associate Professor Jenny George , says there 's a growing interest in ethics among MBA students .
Jenny George :
What we 're seeing is that most of our students are keenly aware of the social impact of what they 're going to do .
We have a new research centre for leadership for social impact , we also have huge interest by our students in sustainability , they 've just had a student conference on sustainability entirely organised by themselves .
This is something that we see a huge amount of interest in .
Human beings are not going to change too much from year to year .
I think there have been people who 've been greedy in the past , there are probably people who are greedy now , there will be people who are greedy in the future .
That 's not going to change .
But I also do n't think we need to be despondent .
We see as many people who are keenly interested in their place within the community and their role in building good societies .
You see just as many now as you would have seen in the past .
Stephen Crittenden : Several people have put it to me this week that the MBA degree has lost its credibility .
Is that the case to any extent ?
Jenny George : No , I do n't believe it has .
Actually the MBA is absolutely the pinnacle of professional education .
India and China are providing more students just about than ever before , and the MBA is clearly the jewel in the crown of the professional degrees that they 're looking for .
It is suffering I think a little in the First World , if you like , from some , perhaps just jaded opinions about it , but frankly , that 's coming as much from the media as from students .
I tend to not hear it from prospective students .
We had pretty much as many prospective students as we 've had in the past , and they 're not worried about the degree , and it appears to be giving them what they want .
I do hear it a lot from the media , but I 'm not sure where they get it from , or whether it 's a sort of self - referential rumour within the media actually .
Stephen Crittenden : Meanwhile , at the Harvard Business School , Professor Rakesh Khurana says the whole idea of the content - free professional manager is one that 's riven through with tensions and contradictions .
On the one hand , MBAs are taught that they can manage any social problem ; but on the other , they 've been taught that there 's no such thing as society .
Rakesh Khurana says if universities are teaching managers that their only responsibility is maximising profits for shareholders , and that companies have no other social responsibilities , the whole idea of the university has been turned on its head .
Rakesh Khurana :
If you look at the original intention of the founding of the university - based business school , it was to create management as a profession , and not merely a profession in the sense that we make a distinction between an expert and a novice in terms of the knowledge , but also a profession with respect to the orientation of its managers .
That is , that managers would largely put the interests of society and the interests of the economic welfare of their firm before their own individual interests .
This was the social contract upon which business education was founded .
This contract over a period of several decades at first became neglected and then eventually abandoned .
And it was replaced by a very different type of orientation which was that of shareholder maximisation , in which the manager was no longer seen as a professional who had an obligation to society , but rather as merely a hired hand of shareholders .
What 's interesting about this phenomenon is that managers have n't really , if you look at recent events , have n't even really delivered for shareholders .
That actually became a cover under which really the sole purpose of management largely became self - enrichment .
Stephen Crittenden : Rakesh Khurana says that business education tends to teach technical skills , but has always lacked a proper ethical framework .
Rakesh Khurana : Modern business education is really missing that component .
As a result , money has largely become the common denominator which really becomes the calculus around which modern business education has become .
And if you think about the difference between , for example , a marine or a mercenary , the difference is not technical skills , but merely who will sell their services to the highest bidder .
A marine does their work , and uses the same skills in terms of duty and towards an orientation , say , of preserving the national security of their society .
That 's very different from a mercenary who basically sells their skill to whoever 's willing to pay .
Stephen Crittenden :
So what effect is the global meltdown really having on business school education ?
It seems amazing , but all the business schools we 've talked to say their enrolments have actually gone up .
Apparently MBA enrolments tend to rise when economic times are poor , as people try to improve their credentials .
But there are also signs that many big companies are realising that if they want to be regarded as good citizens , they need to be more responsive to issues like sustainability , and the environment .
There 's also some anecdotal evidence that employers are becoming more skeptical about recruiting MBAs , and paying new attention to the importance of on - the - job training .
Recently , the Harvard Business Review even suggested that the new hot ticket in the corporate world was a Bachelor of Arts degree .
Here 's one comment from the blogosphere :
Reader : Having run over a hundred companies , I do n't find the letters MBA attractive .
Frankly , they make it tougher for anyone seeking employment with me to get the job .
I 've proved to my satisfaction that I can train a housewife to be a turnaround expert in about one - sixth of the time it takes with Harvard MBAs , because the housewives have real - life experience .
Stephen Crittenden : So does Professor Henry Mintzberg of McGill University , think , as some people are suggesting , that the credibility of the MBA degree is in tatters ?
Or are the business schools likely to use the global meltdown as an opportunity to rethink what they 're doing ?
Henry Mintzberg : Is it in tatters ?
No , not at all , they do n't even notice .
Look , my book has sold , I do n't know , 50,000 , 75,000 copies , I guess it depends on languages and things , but there 's one piece in that book that talks about tracking the records of Harvard 's star executives of 1990 and out of the 19 of them , 10 were complete failures and 4 were clearly questionable records , so 5 out of 19 performed well , of their best graduates , their best and most successful graduates in 1990 .
Do you think anybody sort of looked at that , noticed that , cared about that ?
No response whatsoever .
The business schools are much more comfortable to ignore all the criticism , because people are beating down the doors to get in .
Stephen Crittenden : Well , indeed .
I spoke to an Australian business school dean this week who says the leading business schools here in Australia appear to be giving students what they want , and that the present global meltdown is not likely to be any kind of watershed moment in which business schools re-evaluate what they do .
Henry Mintzberg : I would n't expect a dean to say much more , he 's not going to say ' We 're in crisis ' .
But Madoff
I 'm sure kind of said the same thing , you know , he was giving his investors what they want .
I do n't accuse deans of being dishonest in that way , but I think they 're dishonest in a different way , which is they 're not looking carefully at the consequences .
That data I cited a few minutes ago about the Harvard MBA , they 're not looking at how they 're really performing .
And this idea of them training managers , since 65 % of Harvard 's most recent classes are going into consulting and investment banking , they 're not training managers .
Stephen Crittenden :
The real lesson behind the financial meltdown , according to Harvard Business School 's Rakesh Khurana is about the importance of institutions .
We have to decide whether institutions are a positive thing in themselves , or just a means of getting somewhere .
Rakesh Khurana : I think this is one of the most important questions that has to be answered .
For the last couple of decades , we 've been living with a kind of cartoon model of society in which the idea was that the only thing you needed to build social order was a lot of self - interested actors with some minimal property rights , and then sort of society would emerge from that .
I think that model has really shown its limitations , because undergirding that , is the importance of institutions .
And by institutions , we talk about patterns of behaviour , things like the law , things like norms of how one ought to behave , things such as obligations and duty .
And we 're increasingly recognising that this really the fundamental operating system of the society .
Stephen Crittenden :
This goes back to Ronald Reagan 's line that government is the problem , and Margaret Thatcher 's line that there 's no such thing as society ?
Rakesh Khurana :
This goes exactly right to that , because in many ways that was paradigmatic , that was an inflection point for this view that no other institutions were necessary in society .
But if you talk to any serious student of capitalism , institutions have always been the bedrock for an effective market system , and an effective society .
What is a society without some form of regulative government which not only creates the minimum aspects of behaviour , but the aspirational aspects of behaviour .
What is a society without any sense of professions and obligations , and notions of honour , duty ?
Those are the kinds of things that are really the lifeblood of a society .
It 's these kinds of things that have really gotten lost in the discourse .
In fact I think the thing that was really probably the saddest thing about the last couple of decades around these issues , is that the notion of bringing up words like ' duty ' , ' responsibility ' , ' institutions ' , ' partnership ' , you were often derided and seen as soft - minded if you brought those things -- they were terminologies that were seen as quaint or seen as naïve , if not mocked .
Stephen Crittenden : Background Briefing 's Co-ordinating Producer and Technical Producer this week is Leila Shunnar .
Research and website , Anna Whitfeld .
Executive Producer , Kirsten Garrett .
I 'm Stephen Crittenden and you 're listening to ABC Radio National .
Included digital copies are still the exception rather than the norm in the Blu-ray world .
Lame .
You 'd like to rip those discs for playback elsewhere , right ?
But there is something you should know first .
Advertisement
And that is this : Ripping Blu-ray discs sucks .
Hard .
It takes forever , eats up a ton of hard drive space , and for all practical purposes requires software that is n't free .
It 's like trying to rip a DVD in 1999 : computers still have a long way to go before this is easy .
But just because it's hard does n't mean it 's impossible , and once your system is set up it 's something you can start before you go to bed and have finished for you in the morning .
Here we 've outlined exactly what you need to rip your 1080 p Blu-ray discs ( the ones you own , of course ) and then convert the video into a more manageable file size for watching on a computer , phone , game console or PMP .
Because hey , you own this movie , and you should be able to watch it on whatever device you want .
Advertisement
But you 'll have to earn that right .
Let 's start this painful process , shall we ?
What 's you 'll need :
• A Windows PC ( the Blu-ray ripping process is , at the moment , Mac-unfriendly .
I used Windows 7 Beta 64 - bit and all the following software is Windows - only )
• AnyDVD HD ( free fully - functional 21 - day trial , $ 80 to keep ) for ripping and decrypting BD discs
• RipBot264 ( free ) for transcoding from AVC ( you 'll also need a few codecs to go along with it : . NET Framework 2.0 , the avisynth and ffdshow codec packs , and the Haali media splitter )
Advertisement
• tsMuxeR ( free ) for muxing ( may not be necessary )
• A Blu-ray drive ( I used OWC's new Mercury Pro multi- interface external )
• A ton of free hard drive space ( 80 GB or so to be safe )
• A decent understanding of how video codecs and containers work ( Matt 's Giz Explains has everything you need )
Advertisement
How it Works
AnyDVD HD is a driver that sits in the background , which automatically removes the AACS or BD + security lock and the region code from any BD disc you load , allowing it to be ripped .
The video on most Blu-ray discs is encoded in the MPEG4 AVC format in .m2ts files , so it will need to be transcoded from AVC to something else ( like an H.264 MP4 file ) for playback on other devices .
MPEG4 AVC does n't have wide support in all of the best video transcoders we alread love , like Handbrake .
This makes finding a free and easy transcoding solution a little tougher , but thankfully RipBot264 seems competent .
Advertisement
You can then either transcode directly from the disc , or go the route I took and rip the disc to your hard drive before running it through the transcoder , which reduces the chance for errors .
Give both a shot to find what 's easiest .
Advertisement
Thanks to poster Baldrick 's guide on the Videohelp.com forums and the folks at Doom9 — these instructions are based on info found there .
Check them out if you get stuck .
Rip Your BD Disc
Again , if you want to try transcoding directly from the disc at the sacrifice of speed or the chance of corruption , you can skip this part ( except for step 1 ) and go to step 4 .
Advertisement
1. First up , download and install all the necessary software : AnyDVD HD and RipBot264 , which also requires .
NET Framework 2.0 , the avisynth and ffdshow codec packs , and the Haali media splitter .
( All links lead to their Videohelp.com pages , a fantastic resource ) .
These codecs , nicely enough , should give AVC decoding capabilities system wide , so apps like VLC and Windows Media Player should be able to play them without problems .
2 . Fire up AnyDVD if it 's not running yet , and from the fox icon in the system tray , choose " Rip Video DVD to Harddisk . "
Choose a save point where there 's a healthy 40 - 50 GB free and start it a - rippin ' .
It 'll probably take around an hour .
Advertisement
3 . When it 's done , open up the BDMV / STREAMS directory and try to play the largest .m2ts in VLC or WMP .
It should play fine with sound , but if anything 's fishy , you may want to try re-loading RipBot264's required codecs or trying another AVC codec like CoreCodec 's CoreAVC .
This is more paid software , but like AnyDVD , it comes with a free trial period .
You need to be able to see and hear an .m2ts file normally during playback before you proceed .
Transcode Your Rip
Now , the fun part .
4. Open up RipBot264 .
When you try to run RipBot264 the first time , it may say you have n't installed ffdshow even if you have .
If this is the case , open the RipBot264.ini file in Notepad and change " CheckRequiredSoftware=1 " to " CheckRequiredSoftware=0 " and save it .
Advertisement
5. Click " Add " and select the largest *.m2ts file found in your ripped BD disc 's BDMV / STREAMS folder .
RipBot will then analyze it and find the various programs available to encode — you want the one that matches the runtime of your movie , and not one of the special features .
RipBot will chew on this file for a long time , and hopefully when it 's done , will present you with this dialog :
Advertisement
6 . If RipBot throws an error of any kind here , first make sure you 've got a bunch of HD breathing room on the volume you 're using .
If errors still come up , you may have to mux your rip .
To put that in English : Blu-ray discs have a lot of different files on them representing several different audio and video streams .
The process of joining all of these disparate elements into a single stream ( usually a .ts file ) is called multiplexing , or muxing , and its necessary to do before transcoding .
RipBot264 can do this on its own , but it has problems with certain discs .
So if any of the above fails , download tsMuxeR , select the biggest .2mts file in the BDMV / STREAM folder in your rip or on your disc , choose the appropriate language , and hit " Start Muxing . "
You can then add the resulting .ts file to RipBot264 as the source .
Advertisement
7 . Now you can choose how you want to convert the video .
RipBot gives you presets for Apple TV , iPod or iPhone , PSP or a high - res file which can then be re-burned to a new BD disc .
I chose the iPod / iPhone level .
Advertisement
8. Click " Properties " — here you can fine tune the output size of your video ( I chose a nice 640x360 file ) and preview it before you begin .
MAKE SURE you preview your choices using the " Preview Script " button , because you do n't want to sit through the eternity of transcoding only to find that your dimensions are messed up and everything is in the wrong aspect ratio .
Advertisement
9 . If all looks and sounds good , press OK , then " Start " and watch as your system transcodes the massive 1080 p AVC stream into a new MP4 file .
On my 2.53 GHz Macbook Pro , it averages around 20 fps , which is actually slower than real time playback .
Yuck .
So you 'll want to set this and forget it .
Advertisement
10 .
Wake up the next morning , have your coffee , and check your output file .
It should play beautifully in your media player of choice , and look crisp as a kettle chip .
My 640x360 encode of the Dark Knight was around an even 1GB in the end , which is not bad at all .
Copy it to your device of choice and enjoy .
As you can see , this process is a bitch .
It takes an hour to rip the disc , another hour and change for all the software to read your rip and get ready , then an amount of time equal to or even longer than the movie itself to transcode it , depending on your system .
So hey , movie studios : how about making digital copies standard features on your BD discs so we do n't have to go through this , mmkay ?
Advertisement
Note to Mac Users
While the BD - ripping world is largely a Windows one , you may want to fiddle around with DumpHD , a ripping tool written in Java that supposedly works with OS X .
I could n't get it to work , but you can read more here to try for yourself .
If you manage to rip your BD disc , you 'll then have to find an AVC converter that works with OS X .
Most of these are paid and I have n't used any , but they exist .
If anyone has had luck with a particular tool , let us know .
Advertisement
This method was tested and worked perfectly for me , but if you 're a video jockey and know of any additional software or methods that I did n't cover that may help , PLEASE tell us about it in the comments .
The knowledge dropped in the comments of these Saturday how - tos are a huge help to everyone , so please be constructive and provide links to other tools you 've had success with .
Have a good weekend everyone !
I 'm positive I 've ranted about maintaining legacy code before , but I going to do it again .
At least this time I 'm just reading the code so I can understand it and rewrite it rather than having to apply more bandaids .
Oh yes , and I 've jumped on the " Top X List ! " bandwagon .
It 's cosy up here .
So in no particular order , here are my top 6 things I hate seeing in legacy code :
1. Comments and variable names that did n't update with the code
Yes , the code changes as you write , I understand that .
But seriously , can you please update the comments to reflect what you 've done ?
It 's very confusing seeing TODO comments for things that have been done , or comments about things that should be considered before the code goes into production .
Or maybe there 's a variable called currentIndex which is now actually a string containing a key because the original programmer changed from an array to a dictionary .
These things sometimes take ages to work out .
For example , I recently spent several hours trying to figure out what was happening in a chunk of code .
Looking at the following line :
strMessage += failedMessageList + NXT ; // not implemented yet
It was in fact implemented ( and was very , very necessary )
The failed MessageList variable contained all messages , not just failed ones
2. Poorly named files
It turns out : So seriously , if you change your code - take a glance at the comments to see if they need changing too .
I had to add this one in .
Not because it 's a big problem very often , but because when it occurs , it can be really painful .
It 's obviously frustrating when classes and variables are named badly , but if files are named badly it can be even worse .
Let 's say you 're reading through the code and find a line that instantiates a Person class .
Unfortunately , there 's no Person.cs ( or whatever language ) file .
After some searching , you find that the Person class definition is in Teacher.cs - a file that was n't renamed when the code changed .
Or perhaps you 're looking for the UI for the window titled , " Database Maintenance " and have to work out that it 's actually a class called Restoring which is found in a file called FrmBackRest.vb .
Sadly , a true story .
3 . Inconsistent ways of doing things
I do n't have a problem if you do something a different way than I do ; that 's fine - we all have our preferences .
I might prefer to write to the database with parameterized stored procedures that I 've written myself , while you use an ORM and just call a Save ( ) method on an object you 've just updated .
That 's fine - both work .
What I really do n't like , though , is when someone does both .
Like , in one place they 're calling stored procedures , in another they 're building SQL queries on the fly , and in another they 're retrieving DataSets via queries , updating the values , and calling a Save ( ) method .
Nothing screams I - just - hacked - this - together - without - a- plan as much as large inconsistencies like this .
4 . Even legacy - er code in legacy code
Sometimes I 'll come across legacy code that makes it clear that the original developer came from an even older background and did n't quite understand this new technology .
As a .
Net developer , the most common stuff I see is good old VB6 code in a .
Net app .
I came across a Goto statement in a bit of .
Net code the other day .
Another true story .
It was a few lines after " On Error Resume Next " .
5 . Error handling that hides errors
This is pretty common , and unfortunately it 's really only something that gets noticed when you have a problem .
While things are working perfectly ( and you do n't care how it works ) , there 's no problem .
As soon as there 's an error though , you can't find any details about it because the error handling is crap .
For example :
try { submitResult = transmitter .
SubmitMessage ( submitInfo ) ; if ( submitResult . is Valid ( ) ) { sentCount ++ ; upDateStatus ( ) ; return submitResult .
Reference ; } else { upDateStatus ( ) ; failedCount ++ ; try { string error = GetErrorDescription ( submitResult .
ErrorCode ) ; throw new Exception ( " Ca n't sent the message , error : " + Environment .
NewLine + error ) ; } catch { throw new Exception ( " CONNECTION_ERROR " ) ; } } } catch ( Exception ex ) { ErrorLog. write ( ex ) ; upDateStatus ( ) ; failedCount ++ ; throw ex ; }
The end result of this ?
Here are some examples :
The transmitter .
SubmitMessage method throws an exception .
It gets caught , written to an error log , and thrown again .
Ok , that 's not too bad ...
The result from the SubmitMessage method comes back invalid .
We increment our error count , get the details of the problem , and throw an exception .
Then , oh no !
That exception gets caught immediately , and another incredibly generic " CONNECTION_ERROR " exception gets thrown - completely abandoning the information gathered .
But wait , there 's more !
That exception then gets caught and logged and the error count gets incremented again !
Yay !
A " CONNECTION_ERROR " occurred ... no more information ... and an incorrect error count ...
6. Unused tracts of code
See ?
Do n't do it .
If you can't test for proper failures ( sometimes it 's very hard ) , at least think about what 's going to happen .
This one comes back to updating everything relevant when you have to revisit your code .
A lot of the legacy code I 've seen has codepaths that can't possibly be used , methods that are never called , and in some cases classes , modules , and even entire libraries that are n't referenced .
A recent project even had two code files , Connection.cs and Connection2.cs - they had different class names ( Connection and Connection2 predictably ) , but they had the same methods with different implementations .
Connection.cs was never used .
If you have to traverse your way through hundreds of lines of poorly - written code , it can get very frustrating when you find that half of it is n't even used .
It 's even more frustrating when you 're trying to match the behaviour you 're seeing with the code you 're reading , only to find out that it 's actually a completely different near - duplicate that 's running instead .
And that 's it - my top 6 annoying legacy code things .
Feel free to comment .
Last week , I wondered whether I 'd gone back in time .
Everywhere I went online – on news sites , blogs and Twitter – people were celebrating the 15th birthday of Linux , it seemed .
“ How is this possible ? ” I asked myself .
“ Since Linux was started in 1991 , that must mean we are in 2006 : have I fallen through a wormhole into the past ? ”
When I actually read some of these birthday pieces , it turned out that they were celebrating the release of version 1.0 of Linux , which took place at 22.38 on 13 March , 1994 .
Fortunately , it seemed like I would not need to live through the last three years again .
But then I was left with the perplexing question why people were marking this arbitrary event .
Just how arbitrary it was can be seen from the consolidated Linux kernel history .
This shows that on 16 January 1992 the kernel was at version 0.12 , but became version 0.95 a couple of months later .
Version 0.99 was released in December 1993 , and there then followed the most extraordinary series of incremental updates , passing through 0.99.1 , 0.99.12 , 0.99.12a , 0.99.12z , 0.99.15a , 0.99.15 j and finally Pre-1.0 .
Towards the end of this odyssey , there were updates every few days – sometimes even several on one day .
Clearly what was going on over these months was an almost obsessive honing of the Linux kernel .
But the difference between version 0.99.14z , say , and version 1.0 is slight : it 's not that the former was unusable , and the latter sheer perfection .
Indeed , there is nothing extraordinarily special about version 1.0 compared to its immediate forebears , except for its numbering .
This is one of the most profound strengths of free software - that the software is never really “ finished ” , with the corollary that it is also never really * not* finished .
Huge quantum jumps are rare : mostly it 's more granular .
That 's why I think it 's misguided to “ celebrate ” Linux 1.0 : it gives the impression that free software is like any other proprietary bit of code , rubbish until you hit the magic release number , and somehow finished when you do .
If you want to celebrate Linux ( and that 's an eminently sensible thing to do ) , the only possible date to choose is when the project was started - after all , that 's what the " birth " bit in birthday means .
The trouble is , even that date does n't exist .
Linus never really intended to create what he first called Freax – and what later became Linux .
The journey began in one sense when he bought his shiny new PC on 5 January , 1991 : “ 386 , DX33 , 4 Megs of RAM , no co-processor ; 40 Megs hard disc ” as he told me over a decade ago .
He spent most of his time playing the original “ Prince of Persia ” game , as well as exploring the capabilities of his machine .
One important aspect that intrigued him was task - switching :
I was testing the task - switching capabilities , so what I did was I just made two processes and made them write to the screen and had a timer that switched tasks .
One process wrotes “ A ” , the other wrote “ B ” , so I saw “ AAABBBB ” and so on .
Was that the start of Linux ?
Clearly not , in the sense that Linus was just playing around with a bit of rough code , trying things out .
And yet those two processes later began to morph into something else – to begin with , into a simple terminal emulator so that he could read Usenet newsgroups on the computer system at Helsinki University :
I changed those two processes to work like a terminal emulation package .
You have one process that is reading from the keyboard and sending to the modem , and the other is reading from the modem and sending to the screen .
Again , that may not sound much like an operating system , but to create his terminal emulation software he had to write drivers for the peripherals .
When he added a file system based on the Minix operating system ( which was the main reason he had bought the PC in the first place ) the combined result was more than the sum of its parts .
As he himself said :
Essentially when you have task - switching , you have a file system , you have device drivers – that 's Unix .
Not only did Linux grow organically as it edged towards ( and past ) 1.0 , but it began in exactly the same unplanned fashion : some hacking around produced something , that something turned into something else , and before he knew it , Linus had an operating system .
This is typical of many other open source projects , and increasingly of other projects inspired by their processes – and success .
Think of Apache , which began as a series of patches to the NCSA Web server ; think of Larry Wall 's Perl , which began as a simple tool for use with his rn newsreader ; think of Wikipedia , which was designed as a quick hack to provide a feed of half - finished articles for the main Nupedia system .
All these stand in stark contrast to the top - down approach of traditional software development , where people sit down to design a product , with a bunch of features that it is felt the consumers need .
Marking anniversaries of nominal “ major ” releases for Linux or any other project is harmless enough , but tends to obscure one of the key differences between free software and traditional projects .
What we should really be celebrating is the extraordinary power of serendipity that this kind of free creation allows – something that does not happen by numbers .
You can follow me on Twitter at @glynmoody .
Favorite Answer
how many 7's are in 65 ?
7*10=70 so less then that .... 9*7=63 so thats how many weeks ... then there are 2 days left over
9 weeks and 2 days
THEOCRITUS , IDYLLS 1 - 4
THEOCRITUS was a Greek bucolic poet who flourished in Syracuse , Cos and Alexandria in the C3rd B , C .
His surviving work can mostly be found within an old compendium of 30 poems known as the " Idylls of Theocritus , " Many of these works , however , are no longer attributed to the poet .
The Greek Bucolic Poets .
Translated by Edmonds , J M. Loeb Classical Library Volume 28 .
Cambridge , MA. Harvard Univserity Press. 1912 .
This Loeb volume is still in print and available new from Amazon.com ( click on image right for details ) .
In addition to the works of Theocritus the book contains the poems of Bion and Moschus , a pair of anonymous works ( The Megara and Dead Adonis ) , various pattern - poems ( by Simas , Theocritus , Dosiadas , and Vestinus ) , source Greek texts , Edmond 's introduction and footnotes and an index of proper names .
This , as well as several other more recent translations and academic commentaries , appear in the booklist ( left below ) .
IDYLLS 1 - 4 , TRANSLATED BY J. M. EDMONDS
IDYLL I. THYRSIS
THYRSIS
[ 1 ] Something sweet is the whisper of the pine that makes her music by yonder springs , and sweet no less , master Goatherd , the melody of your pipe .
Pan only shall take place and prize afore you ; and if they give him a horny he - goat , then a she shall be yours ; and if a she be for him , why , you shall have her kid ; and kid ’s meat ’s good eating till your kids be milch - goatds .
GOATHERD
[ 7 ]
As sweetly , good Shepherd , falls your music as the resounding water that gushes down from the top o’ yonder rock .
If the Muses get the ewe - lamb to their meed , you shall carry off the cosset , 1 the ewe - lamb come to you .
THYRSIS
[ 12 ] ‘ Fore the Nymphs I pray you , master Goatherd , come now and sit ye down here by this shelving bank and these brush tamarisks and play me a tune .
I ’ll keep your goats the while .
GOATHERD
[ 15 ]
No , no man ; there ’s no piping for me at high noon .
I go in too great dread of Pan for that .
I wot high noon ’s his time for taking rest after the swink o’ the chase ; and he ’s one o’ the tetchy sort ; his nostril ’s ever sour wrath ’s abiding - place .
But for singing , you , Thyrsis , used to sing The Affliction of Daphnis as well as any man ; you are no ‘ prentice in the art of country music .
So let ’s come and sit yonder beneath the elm , this way , over against Priapus and the fountain - goddesses , 2 where that shepherd ’s seat is and those oak - trees .
And if you but sing as you sang that day in the match with Chromis of Libya , I ’ll not only grant you three milkings of a twinner goat that for all her two young yields two pailfuls , but I ’ll give you a fine great mazer3 to boot , well scoured with sweet beeswax , and of two lugs , bran - span - new and the smack of he graver upon it yet .
[ 29 ]
The lip of it is hanged about with curling ivy , ivy freaked4 with a cassidony5 which goes twisting and twining among the leaves in the pride of her saffron fruitage .
And within this bordure there ’s a woman , fashioned as a god might fashion her , lapped in a robe and snood about her head .
And either side the woman a swain with fair and flowing locks , and they bandy words the one with the other .
Yet her heart is not touched by aught they say ; for now ‘ tis a laughing glance to this , and anon a handful of regard to that , and for all their eyes have been so long hollow for love of her , they spend their labour in vain .
Besides these there ’s an old fisher wrought on’t and a rugged rock , and there stands gaffer gathering up his great net for a cast with a right good will like one that toils might and main .
You would say that man went about his fishing with all the strength o’s limbs , he stands every sinew in his neck , for all his grey hairs , puffed and swollen ; for his strength is the strength of youth .
[ 45 ]
And but a little removed from master Weather - beat there ’s a vineyard well laden with clusters red to the ripening , and a little lad seated watching upon a hedge .
And on either side of him two foxes ; this ranges to and fro along the rows and pilfers all such grapes as be ready for eating , while that setteth all his cunning at the lad ’s wallet , and vows he will not let him be till he have set him breaking his fast6 with but poor victuals to his drink .
7
And all the time the urchin’s got star - flower - stalks a-platting to a reed for to make him a pretty gin for locusts , and cares never so much , not he , for his wallet or his vines as he takes pleasure in his platting .
And for an end , mark you , spread all about he cup goes the lissom bear ’s - foot , a sight worth the seeing with its writhen leaves ; ‘tis a marvellous work , ‘ twill amaze your heart .
[ 57 ]
Now for that cup a ferryman of Calymnus8 had a goat and a gallant great cheese - loaf of me , and never yet hath it touched my lip ; it still lies unhandselled by .
Yet right welcome to it art thou , if like a good fellow thou ’lt sing me that pleasing and delightful song .
Nay , not so ; I am in right earnest .
To’t , good friend ; sure thou wilt not be hoarding that song against thuo be ’st come where all ’s forgot ?
THYRSIS ( sings )
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses .
[ 65 ]
‘ Tis Thyrsis sings , of Etna , and a rare sweet voice hath he .
Where were ye , Nymphs , when Daphnis pined ?
ye Nymphs , O where were ye ?
Was it Peneius ’9 pretty vale , or Pindus ’9 glens ?
‘ twas never
Anápus ’10 flood nor Etna ’s pike nor Acis ’10 holy river .
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses .
[ 71 ]
When Daphnis died the foxes wailed and the wolves they wailed full sore ,
The lion from the greenward wept when Daphnis was no more .
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses .
[ 74 ]
O many the lusty steers at his feet , and may the heifers slim ,
Many the claves and many the kine that made their moan for him .
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses .
[ 77 ]
Came Hermes first , from the hills away , and said “ O Daphnis tell ,
“ Who is’t that fretteth thee , my son ?
whom lovest thou so well ? ”
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses .
[ 80 ]
The neatherds came , the shepherds came , and the goatherds him beside ,
All fain to hear what ail ’d him ; Priápus came and cried
“ Why peak and pine , unhappy wight , when thou mightest bed a bride ?
“ For there ’s nor wood nor water but hath seen her footsteps flee –
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses –
[ 85 ]
“ In search o’ thee .
O a fool - in - love and a feeble is here , perdye !
“ Neatherd , forsooth ?
‘t is goatherd now , or ‘ faith , ‘tis like to be ;
“ When goatherd in the rutting - time the skipping kids doth scan ,
“ His eye grows soft , his eye grows sad , because he ’s born a man ; –
Country - song , sing country - song , sweet Muses –
[ 90 ]
“ So you , when ye see the lasses laughing in gay riot ,
“ Your eye grows soft , your eye grows sad , because you share it not . ”
But never a word said the poor neathérd , for a bitter love bare he ;
And he bare it well , as I shall tell , to the end that was to be .
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 95 ]
But and the Cyprian came him to , and smiled on him full sweetly –
For thou she fain would foster wrath , she could not choose but smile –
And cried “ Ah , braggart Daphnis , that wouldst throw Love so featly !
“ Thou ’rt thrown , methinks , thyself of Love ’s so grievous guile . ”
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 100 ]
Then out he spake ; “ O Cypris cruel , Cypris vengeful yet ,
“ Cypris hated of all flesh !
think ’st all my sun be set ?
“ I tell thee even ‘ mong the dead Daphnis shall work thee ill : –
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 104 ] “ Men talk of Cypris and the hind ; begone to Ida hill ,
“ Begone to hind Anchises ; sure bedstraw there doth thrive
“ And fine oak - trees and pretty bees all humming at the hive .
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 109 ] “ Adonis too is ripe to woo , for a ‘ tends his sheep o’ the lea
“ And shoots the hare and a - hunting goes of all the beasts there be .
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 112 ]
And then I ’ld have thee take thy stand by Diomed , and say
“ ’I slew the neatherd Daphis ; fight me thou to - day . ’
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 115 ]
“ But ‘tis wolf farewell and fox farewell and bear o’ the mountain den ,
“ Your neatherd fere , your Daphnis dear , ye ’ll never see agen ,
“ By glen no more , by glade no more .
And ‘ tis o farewell to thee
“ Sweet Arethuse ,11 and all pretty watérs down Thymbris vale that flee .
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 120 ] “ For this , O this is that Daphnis , your kine to field did bring ,
“ This Daphnis he , led stirk and steer to you a -watering .
Country - song , more country - song , ye Muses .
[ 123 ]
“ And Pan , O Pan , whether at this hour by Lycee ’s mountain - pile
“ Or Maenal steep thy watch thou keep , come away to the Sicil isle ,
“ Come away from the knoll of Helicè12 and the howe lift high i ’ the lea ,
“ The howe of Lycáon ’s child , 12 the howe that Gods in heav ’s envye ;
Country - song , leave country - song , ye Muses .
[ 128 ]
“ Come , Master , and take this pretty pipe , this pipe of honey breath ,
“ Of wax well knit round lips to fit ; for Love hales mé to my death .
Country - song , leave country - song , ye Muses .
[ 132 ]
“ Bear violets now ye briers , ye thistles violets too ;
“ Daffodilly may hang on the juniper , and all things go askew ;
“ Pines may grow figs now Daphnis dies , and hind tear hound if she will ,
“ And the sweet nightingále be outsung i ’ the dale by the scritch - owl from the hill . ”
Country - song , leave country - song , ye Muses .
[ 138 ]
Such words spake he , and he stayed him still ; and O , the Love - Ladye ,
She would fain have raised him where he lay , but that could never be .
For the thread was spun and the days were done and Daphnis gone to the River ,13
And the Nymphs ’ good friend and the Muses ’ fere was whelmed i ’ the whirl 14 for ever .
[ 143 ]
There ; give me the goat and the tankard man ; and the Muses shall have a libation of her milk .
Fare you well , ye Muses , and again fare you well , and I ’ll e ’en sing you a sweeter song another day .
GOATHERD
[ 146 ]
Be your fair mouth filled with honey and the honeycomb , good Thyrsis ; be your eating of the sweet figs of Aegilus ; for sure your singing ’s as delightful as the cricket ’s chirping in spring .
Here ’s the cup ( taking it from his wallet ) .
Pray mark how good it smells ; you ’ll be thinking it hath been washed at the well o’ the Seasons .
Hither , Browning ; and milk her , you .
A truce to your skipping , ye kids yonder , or the buckgoat will be after you .
IDYLL II .
THE SPELL
[ 1 ]
Where are my bay - leaves ?
Come , Thestylis ; where are my love - charms ?
Come crown me the bowl with the crimson flower o’ wool ; I would fain have the fire - spell to my cruel dear that for twelve days hath not so much as come anigh me , the wretch , nor knows not whether I be alive or dead , nay nor even hath knocked upon my door , implacable man .
I warrant ye Love and the Lady be gone away with his feat fancy .
In the morning I ’ll to Timagetus ’ school and see him , and ask what he means to use me so ; but , for to - night , I ’ll put the spell o’ fire upon him .
[ 10 ]
So shine me fair , sweet Moon ; for to thee , still Goddess , is my song , to thee and that Hecat infernal who makes e’en the whelps to shiver on her goings to and fro where these tombs be and the red blood lies .
All hail to thee , dread and awful Hecat !
I prithee so bear me company that this medicine of my making prove potent as any of Circe ’s or Medea ’s or Perimed ’s of the golden hair .
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 18 ]
First barley - meal to the burning .
Come , Thestylis ; throw it on .
Alack , poor fool !
whither are thy wits gone wandering ?
Lord ! am I become a thing a filthy drab like thee may crow over ?
On , on with the meal , and say “ These be Delphis ’ bones I throw . ”
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 23 ]
As Delphis hath brought me pain , so I burn the bay against Delphis .
And as it crackles and then lo !
is burnt suddenly to nought and we see not so much as the ash of it , e ’en so be Delphis ’ body whelmed in another flame .
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 28 ]
As this puppet melts for me before Hecat , so melt with love , e ’en so speedily , Delphis of Myndus .
1
And as this wheel of brass turns by grace of Aphrodite , so turn he and turn again before my threshold .
2
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 33 ]
Now to the flames the bran .
O Artemis , as thou movest the adamant that is at the door of Death , so mayst thou move all else that is unmovable .
Hark ,
Thestylis , where the gods howl in the town .
Sure the Goddess is at these cross-roads .
Quick beat the pan .
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 38 ]
Lo there !
now wave is still and wind is still , though never still the pain that is in my breast ; for I am all afire for him , afire alas !
for him that hath made me no wife and left me to my shame no maid .
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 43 ]
Thrice this libation I pour , thrice , Lady , this prayer I say : be woman at this hour or man his love - mate , O be that mate forgotten even as old Theseus once forgat the fair - tressed damsel in Dia.3
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 48 ]
Horse - madness is a herb that grows in Arcady , and makes every filly , every flying mare run a -raving in the hills .
In like case Delphis may I see , aye , coming to my door from the oil and the wrestling - place like one that is raving mad .
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 53 ]
This fringe hath Delphis lost from his cloak , and this now pluck I in pieces and fling away into the ravening flame .
Woe ’s me , remorseless Love !
why hast clung to me thus , thou muddy leech , and drained my flesh of the red blood every drop ?
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 58 ]
I ’ll bray thee an eft to - morrow , and an ill drink thou shalt find it .
But for to - night take thou these ashes , Thestylis , while ‘ tis yet dark , and smear them privily upon his lintel above , and spit for what thou doest4 and say “ Delphis ’ bones I smear . ”
Wryneck , wryneck , draw him hither .
[ 64 ]
Now I am alone .
Where shall I begin the lament of my love ?
Here b’t begun ; I ’ll tell who ‘ twas brought me to this pass .
[ 66 ]
One day came Anaxo daughter of Eubulus our way , came a - basket - bearing in procession to the temple of Artemis , with a ring of man beasts about her , a lioness one .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 70 ] Now Theumaridas ’
Thracian nurse that dwelt next door , gone ere this to her rest , had begged and prayed me to gout and see the pageant , and so – ill was my luck – I followed her , in a long gown of fine silk , with Clearista ’s5 cloak over it .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 76 ]
I was halfway o’ the road , beside Lycon ’s , when lo !
I espied walking together Delphis and Eudamippus , the hair o’ their chins as golden as cassidony , 6 and the breasts of them , for they were on their way from their pretty labour at the school , shone full as fair as thou , great Moon .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 82 ]
And O the pity of it !
in a moment I looked and was lost , lost and smit i’ the heart7 ; the colour went from my cheek ; of that brave pageant I bethought me no more .
How I got me home I know not ; but this I know , a parching fever laid me waste and I was ten days and ten nights abed .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 88 ]
And I would go as wan and pale as any dyer ’s boxwood ; the hairs o’ my head began to fall ; I was nought but skin and bone .
There ’s not a charmer in the town to whom I resorted not , nor witch ’s hovel whither I went not for a spell .
But ‘ twas no easy thing to cure a malady like that , and time sped on apace .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 94 ]
At last I told my woman all the truth .
“ Go to , good Thestylis , ” cried I , “ go find me some remedy for a sore distemper .
The Myndian , alack !
he possesseth me altogether .
Go thou , pray , and watch for him by Timagetus ’ wrestling - place : ‘tis thither he resorts , ‘tis there he loves well to sit .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 100 ] “ And when so be thou be ’st sure he ’s alone , give him a gentle nod o’ the head and say Simaetha would see him , and bring him hither . ”
So bidden she went her ways and brought him that was so sleek and gay to my dwelling .
And no sooner was I ware of the light fall o’s foot across my threshold , –
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving –
[ 106 ] than I went cold as ice my body over , and the sweat dripped like dewdrops from my brow ; aye , and for speaking I could not so much as the whimper of a child that calls on ’s mother in his sleep ; for my fair flesh was gone all stiff and stark like a puppet’s .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 112 ]
When he beheld me , heartless man ! 8 he fixed his gaze on the ground , sat him upon the bed , and sitting thus spake : “ Why , Simaetha , when thou bad ’st me hither to this thy roof , marry , thou didst no further outrun my own coming than I once outran the pretty young Philinus.9
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 118 ]
“ For I had come of myself , by sweet Love I had , of myself the very first hour of night , with comrades twain or more , some of Dionysus ’ own apples in my pocket , and about my brow the holy aspen sprig of Heracles with gay purple ribbons wound in and out .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 124 ]
“ And had ye received me so , it had been joy ; for I have a name10 as well for beauty of shape as speed of foot with all the bachelry o’ the town , and I had been content so I had only kissed thy pretty lips .
But and if ye had sent me packing with bolt and bar , then I warrant ye axes and torches had come against you .
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving .
[ 130 ]
“ But seeing thou hadst sent for me , I vowed my thanks to the Cyprian first – but after the Cyprian ‘ tis thou , in calling me to this roof , sweet maid , didst snatch the brand from a burning that was all but done ; for i’ faith , Cupid ’s flare oft will outblaze the God o’ Lipara11 himself , –
List , good Moon , where I learnt my loving –
[ 137 ]
“ And with the dire frenzy of him bride is driven from groom ere his marriage - bed by cold , much more a maid from the bower of her virginity . ”
So he ended , and I , that was so easy to win , took him by the hand and made him lie along the bed .
Soon cheek upon cheek grew ripe , our faces waxed hotter , and lo !
sweet whispers went and came .
My prating shall not keep thee too long , good Moon : enough that all was done , enough that both desires were sped .
[ 145 ]
And till ‘ twas but yesterday , he found never a fault in me nor I in him .
But lo !
to - day , when She o’ the Rose - red Arms began her swift charioting from sea to sky , comes me the mother of Melixo and of our once flute - girl12 Philista , and among divers other talk would have me believe Delphis was in love .
And she knew not for sure , so she said , whether this new love were of maid or of man , only “ he was ever drinking ” quoth she “ to the name of Love , and went off in haste at the last saying his love - garlands were for such - and - such a house . ”
So ran my gossip ’s story , and sure ‘ tis true ; tor ah ! though time was , i’ faith , when he would come thrice and four times a day , and often left his Dorian flask with me to fetch again , now ‘tis twelve days since I so much as set eyes upon him .
I am forgot , for sure ; his joy doth lie otherways .
[ 160 ]
To - night these my fire - philtres shall lay a spell upon him ; but if so be they make not an end of my trouble , then , so help me Fate , he shall be found knocking at the gate of Death ; for I tell thee , good Mistress , I have in my press medicines evil enough , that one out of Assyria13 told me of .
So fare thee well , great Lady ; to Ocean with thy team .
And I , I will bear my love as best I may .
Farewell sweet Lady o’ the Shining Face , 14 and all ye starry followers in the train of drowsy Night , farewell , farewell .
IDYLL III .
THE SERENADE
[ 1 ] I go a-courting of Amyrallis , and my goats they go browsing on along the hill with Tityrus to drive them on .
My well - beloved Tityrus , pray feed me my goats ; pray lead them to watering , good Tityrus , and beware or the buckgoat , the yellow Libyan yonder , will be butting you .
[ 6 ]
Beautiful Amaryllis , why peep you no more from your cave and call me in ?
Hate you your sweet - heart ?
Can it be a near view hath shown him snub - nosed , Nymph , and over - bearded ?
I dare swear you ’ll be the death of me .
See , here have I brought you half a score of apples plucked yonder where you bade me pluck them , and to - morrow I ’ll bring you so many again . . .
[ 12 ]
Look , ah! look upon me ; my heart is torn with pain .
I wish I were yon humming bee to thread my way through the ivy and the fern you do prink your cave withal and enter in !
O now know I well what Love is .
‘ Tis a cruel god .
I warrant you a she - lion ’s dugs it was he sucked and in a forest was reared , so doth he slow - burn me , aye , pierce me to the very bone .
O Nymph of the pretty glance , but all stone ; O Nymph of the dark dark eyebrow , come clasp thy goatherd that is so fain to be kissing thee .
E ’en in an empty kiss there ’s sweet delight .
You ’ll make me tear in pieces the ivy - wreath I have for you , dear Amaryllis ; of rosebuds twined it is , and of fragrant parsley leaves . . .
[ 24 ]
Alas and well - a- day ! what ’s to become of me ?
Ay me !
you will not answer .
I ’ll doff my plaid and go to Olpis ’ watching - place for tunnies and leap from it into the waves ; and if I die not , ‘ twill be though no fault of yours .
1
I found it out t’other day ; my thoughts were of you and whether or no you loved me , and when I played slap to see , the love - in - absence2 that should have stuck on , shrivelled up forthwith against the soft of my arm .
Agroeo too , the sieve - witch that was out the other day a -simpling beside the harvesters , she spoke me true when she said you made me of none account , though I was all wrapt up in you .
Marry , a white twinner - goat have I to give you , which that nut - brown little handmaiden of Mermnon ’s is fain to get of me – and get her she shall seeing you choose to play me the dainty therein . . .
[ 37 ]
Lo there !
a twitch o’ my right eye .3
Shall I be seeing her ?
I ’ll go lean me against yon pine - tree and sing awhile .
It may be she ’ll look upon me then , being she ’s no woman of adamant .
[ 40 ] ( sings ) When Schoenus ’ bride - race4 was begun , apples fell from one that run ;
She looks , she ’s lost , and lost doth leap , into love so dark and deep .
When the seer5 in ’s brother ’s name with those kin to Pylus came ,
Bias to the joy - bed hies whence sprang Alphesibee the wise .
When Adonis o’er the sheep in the hills his watch did keep ,
The Love -Dame proved so wild a wooers , e ’en in death she clips him to her .6
O would I were Endymion7 that sleeps the unchanging slumber on ,
Or , Lady , knew thy Jasion ’ s7 glee which prófane eyes may never see ! . . .
[ 52 ]
My head aches sore , but ‘tis nought to you .
I ’ll make an end , and throw me down , aye , and stir not if the wolves devour me – the which I pray be as sweet honey in the throat to you .
IDYLL IV .
THE HERDSMEN
BATTUS ( in a bantering tone )
[ 1 ] What , Corydon man ; whose may your cows be ?
Philondas’s ?
CORYDON
[ 2 ] Nay , Aegon ’s ; he hath given me the feeding of them in his stead .
BATTUS
[ 3 ]
And I suppose , come evening , you give them all a milking hugger - mugger ?
2
CORYDON
[ 4 ]
Not so ; the old master sees me to that ; he puts the calves to suck , himself .
BATTUS
[ 5 ]
But whither so far was their own proper herdsman gone ?
CORYDON
[ 6 ]
Did you never hear ?
Milon carried him off with him to the Alpheus .
BATTUS
[ 7 ]
Lord !
When had the likes of him ever so much as set eyes upon a flask of oil ?
3
CORYDON ( sententiously )
[ 8 ]
Men say he rivals Heracles in might .
BATTUS ( scoffing )
[ 9 ]
And mammy says I ’m another Polydeuces .
CORYDON
[ 10 ]
Well , he took a score of sheep4 and a spade with him , when he went .
BATTUS ( with a momentary bitterness )
[ 11 ]
Ah , that Milon !
he 'ld persuade a wolf5 to run mad for the asking .
CORYDON
[ 12 ]
And his heifers miss him sore ; hark to their lowing .
BATTUS ( resuming his banter )
[ 13 ]
Aye ; ‘ twas an ill day for the kine ; how sorry a herdsman it brought them !
CORYDON ( misunderstanding )
[ 14 ]
Marry , an ill day it was , and they are off their feed now .
BATTUS
[ 15 ]
Look you now , yonder beast , she ’s nought but skin and bone .
Pray , doth she feed on dewdrops like the cricket ?
CORYDON
[ 17 ] Zeus !
No .
Why , sometimes I graze her alone the Aesarus and give her a brave bottle of the tenderest green grass , and oftentimes her play - ground ’s in the deep shade of Latymnus .
BATTUS
[ 20 ]
Aye , and the red - poll bull , he ’s lean as can be .
( bitterly again ) I only would to god , when there ’s a sacrifice to Hera in their ward , the sons of Lampriadas might get such another6 as he : they are a foul mixen sort , they o’ that ward .
CORYDON
[ 23 ]
All the same that bull ’s driven to the sea- lake and the Physcian border , and to that garden of good things , goat - flower , mullet , 7 sweet odorous balsam , to with Neaethus .
BATTUS ( sympathising as with another of Milon ’s victims )
[ 26 ]
Heigho , poor Aegon !
thy very kine must needs meet their death because thou art gone a - whoring after vainglory , and the herdsman ’s pipe thou once didst make thyself is all one mildew .
CORYDON
[ 29 ]
Nay , by the Nymphs , not it .
He bequeathed it to me when he set out for Pisa .
I too am something of a musician .
Mark you , I ’m a dabster at Glaucè ’s snatches and those ditties Pyrrhus makes : ( sings )
O Croton is a bonny town as Zacynth by the sea ,
And a bonny sight on her eastward height is the fane of Laciny ,
Where boxer Milon one fine morn made fourscore loaves his meal ,
And down the hill another day , while lasses holla’d by the way ,
To Amaryllis , laughing gay led the bull by the heel .
BATTUS ( not proof against the tactless reference ; apostrophising )
[ 38 ]
O beautiful Amaryllis , though you be dead , I am true , and I ’ll never forget you .
My pretty goats are dear to me , but dear no less a maiden that is no more .
O well - a- day that my luck turned so ill !
CORYDON
[ 41 ]
Soft you , good Battus ; be comforted .
Good luck comes with another morn ; while there ’s life there ’s hope ; rain one day , shine the next .
BATTUS
[ 44 ]
Let be .
‘t is well .
( changing the subject )
Up with you , ye calves ; up the hill !
They are at the green of those olives , the varlets .
CORYDON
[ 45 ]
Hey up , Snowdrop !
hey up , Goodbody ! to the hill wi’ ye !
Art thou deaf ?
‘ Fore Pan I ’ll presently come thee an evil end if thou stay there .
Look ye there ; back she comes again .
Would there were but a hurl - bat in my hand !
I had had at the .
BATTUS
[ 50 ]
Zeus save thee , Corydon ; see here !
It had at me as thou sadist the word , this thorn , here under my ankle .
And how deep the distaff - thistles go !
A plague o’ thy heifer !
It all came o’ my gaping after her .
( Corydon domes to help him )
Dost see him , lad ?
CORYDON
[ 54 ]
Aye , aye , and have got him ‘ twixt my nails ; and lo !
here he is .
BATTUS ( in mock - heroic strain )
[ 55 ]
O what a little tiny wound to overmaster so mighty a man !
CORYDON ( pointing the moral )
[ 56 ]
Thou should ’st put on thy shoes when thou goest into the hills , Battus ; ‘tis rare ground for thorns and gorse , the hills .
BATTUS
[ 58 ]
Pray tell me , Corydon , comes gaffer yet the gallant with that dark - browed piece o’love he was smitten of ?
CORYDON
[ 60 ]
Aye , what does he , ill ’s his luck .
I happened of them but two days agone , and near the byre , too , and faith , gallant was the word .
BATTUS ( apostrophising )
[ 62 ]
Well done , Goodman Light - o’- love .
‘ Tis plain thou comest not far below the old Satyrs8 and ill - shanked Pans o’ the country - side for lineage .
Futurama may be set for a second coming to network television .
Actor Billy West , the voice of Fry , Farnsworth , Zoidberg , Brannigan and more told the audience at the Anime Supercon in Florida recently that due to the strong sales of the Futurama DVD ’s , Fox is considering a 6th season for a show they once canned due to poor ratings .
I tend to side with Merrick at Aint it Cool News , who writes :
I have mixed feelings about this .
I love FUTURAMA & am horny for more , but Fox mistreated the series the first time around … made it damn near impossible to find / watch , then pulled it per lackluster ratings .
If Fox will give FUTURAMA the attention / respect it deserves & air it at a consistent time ?
Cool .
Otherwise … the stability of direct - to - DVD / Comedy Central would be vastly superior , I should think .
Here ’s Billy West February 10 with the news :
Legal experts were flummoxed by the fraudster 's willingness to admit every criminal charge laid before him , but was he trying to protect others who may have been implicated ?
It was a brutally casual way to inform a man of his fate .
After listening to a lengthy monologue by Bernard Madoff 's defence lawyer on why the fraudster should remain on bail in his Manhattan penthouse , Judge Denny Chin waved away the prosecution .
" I do n't need to hear from you because it is my intention to remand Mr Madoff , " said the judge .
He spoke almost as an aside , as if Madoff was n't in the room .
There was a collective intake of breath .
In the overflow room at New York 's federal courthouse , full of hard - bitten hacks watching proceedings on a video link , a few people started clapping .
The old man was finally going behind bars .
If the 70 - year - old fraudster himself was surprised at being sent directly to jail , he did n't show it .
He would have been warned by his defence team that he ran the risk of instant incarceration by pleading guilty to 11 counts of fraud , perjury and money laundering .
In fact , throughout the 90 - minute hearing , Madoff looked as if he had been drugged .
He stared fixedly at some point in the middle distance , slouched slightly forward with his arms resting on a table .
His speech of " apology " was delivered in a flat monotone .
The only time he showed any tangible reaction was when one of his victims , George Nierenberg , aggressively demanded that Madoff meet his eye , moving towards him and saying : " I do n't know whether you 've had a chance to turn around and look at your victims . "
Madoff , rather reluctantly , swivelled round and briefly eyeballed his former client before Judge Chin ordered Nierenberg to cool off .
Being Bernie Madoff 's defence counsel is a job from hell , even by the standards of white - collar litigation .
Madoff seems to have been intent on self - immolation from the moment his $ 65 bn ( £ 47 bn ) fraudulent scheme came to light in December .
Many legal experts were flummoxed by Madoff 's decision to confess to every criminal count on the table this week without any sniff of a deal with prosecutors .
If he had gone with " not guilty " , he could have bought himself another year of bail .
Or by co-operating with the feds and by talking them through the paperwork , he might have won a delay and a shorter term .
Instead , he 's probably in jail until he dies .
The probable explanation is that Madoff hopes to take the bullet for his family and colleagues .
Peter Henning , a former fraud prosecutor turned law professor at Wayne State University in Detroit , says : " I think he 's protecting his family .
Any plea deal would definitely have required him to implicate others . "
During his words of penance to the court , Madoff was at pains to emphasise that while his investment advisory outfit was a fraudulent hole , his company 's proprietary trading and market - making operations were " legitimately and honestly run businesses " .
His sons , Andrew and Mark , were senior executives on this " honest " side of the Chinese wall .
Madoff 's 63 - year - old brother , Peter , was in charge of trading .
It is almost inconceivable that Madoff could have spent 20 years squirreling away clients ' money in a Chase Manhattan bank account , conducting virtually no legitimate transactions , without anybody at Madoff Investment Securities smelling a rat – even if , as he asserts , he was deliberately employing under - qualified staff with no expertise in the securities industry .
For the feds , catching the kingpin before they get to any henchmen poses an unusual difficulty – because of his reputation as America 's biggest liar , Madoff is a radioactive witness .
Any evidence he gives in future trials can be easily and quickly discredited .
" He 's the king of this fraud .
That 's not someone you 'd ever want to use as a witness , " says Sam Buell , professor of law at Washington University in St Louis .
" You could never use him in court – a jury would be outraged at having this guy testify against somebody who 's less culpable . "
So there are virtually no grounds for clemency towards Madoff – he clearly is n't being very helpful and , even if he was , his aid is of dubious utility .
The record sentence for a white - collar crime in the US is the 24 - year term handed to Enron 's Jeffrey Skilling in 2006 ( although an appeals court ruled this was too harsh and that it should be recalculated ) .
Madoff could find himself exceeding that .
Some argue Madoff 's crime is worse than those of the bosses of corrupt companies such as Enron , WorldCom and Tyco .
After all , many of Madoff 's victims lost their life savings .
In the case of , say , Enron shareholders , the damage is spread relatively thinly among a larger number of people .
" In some ways , this is a worse kind of fraud – it's preying on individuals rather than a fraud on the market , " says Buell .
" The victims here run the gamut from the very , very wealthy to the not - all - that - affluent . "
Federal inmates in the US have to serve at least 85 % of their sentences before they qualify for early release on grounds of good behaviour .
If Madoff , 70 , gets a relatively lenient 20 years and lives beyond the age of 87 , he could conceivably see daylight again .
But it 's not very likely .
To his victims , it 's hard to extend forgiveness or compassion to somebody who wo n't help prosecutors unravel the details of his crime , irrespective of Madoff 's claim that he is " deeply sorry and ashamed " .
One investor , 71 - year - old Judith Welling , raised her arm in a victory salute as she exited the courthouse on Thursday .
She put $ 1.5 m into Madoff 's fund and thought her nest egg had grown to $ 2.5 m until she learned that the financier 's empire was based on a pack of lies .
" Frankly , in my book , he 's the lowest of the low , " she said .
( CNN ) --
Researchers announced this week that they 've found a new gene , ALS6 , which is responsible for about 5 percent of hereditary Lou Gehrig 's cases .
The discovery of a new gene mutation may allow those with ALS in their family to be tested .
It 's being called a " momentous discovery " by the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association .
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital , the University of Massachusetts and Kings College in London found the mutation by doing detailed sequencing of the genes in several families with an inherited form of ALS .
The findings are published in the February 27 issue of the journal Science and were partially funded by the ALS Association .
ALS , a disease of the nervous system , impairs muscle movement and eventually results in total paralysis .
It was brought to national attention in 1939 , when famed Yankee baseball player Lou Gehrig 's illness was diagnosed as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS .
Today , the disease is most commonly known by his name .
ALS6 is a protein normally found inside a cell 's nucleus , but in patients with Lou Gehrig 's disease , it is found outside the nucleus and sometimes forms unusual clumps .
ALS researchers are unsure why this occurs but believe this finding , combined with a gene they discovered last year , TDP - 43 , may lead them to a firmer idea of what causes this deadly disease .
Both genes help in building and transporting proteins and making sure they 're in the right place in cell structure -- a process called RNA processing .
Lucie Bruijn , senior vice president of research and development at the ALS Association , likens this process to building an engine :
If there are parts missing or placed in the wrong place or in the wrong way , the engine does n't work right .
" Everything has an exquisite role and has to be in the right place , and any imbalance ... can cause things to go awry , " Bruijn said .
" It 's exciting because what it 's starting to tell us now is that we might be starting to get an underlying theme , " Bruijn said .
" We now have two genes with similar function strengthening the idea that alterations in RNA processing is important in ALS .
A completely new direction and also involved in many other neurodegenerative diseases . "
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
She believes this gives researchers " huge " potential to develop new therapies .
And new therapies are needed .
There is no cure and only one treatment for ALS , a neurodegenerative disease that seems to progressively attack the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord .
These attacks can cause symptoms such as muscle weakness , twitching , cramping and thick speech , eventually leading to paralysis .
According to the ALS Association , the disease strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year , and about 10 percent of those cases are hereditary .
The discovery of this new gene mutation will also allow those with ALS in their family to be tested for another gene ( this makes three genes ) .
Bruijn says a test " will be possible ; however , currently , it is not widely accessible " and " it would only be used in familial ALS patients . "
All About ALS - Lou Gehrig 's Disease • Genetic Testing
Go on , Tweet this post .
Or share it on FriendFeed .
Or post about it on Blogger , Movable Type , TypePad or WordPress blogs .
Or link to it from a Flickr comment .
Or comment on the story on Digg .
Or add a comment linking to this post from YouTube , Vimeo or Picasa .
You can talk about this post on almost every major social service ( with more being added all the time ) and we 'll include these comments below the post .
That 's the magic of a new feature we 're implementing on Mashable : Social Media Comments .
Social Media Comments : Premiering on Mashable Today
Today Mashable is announcing an exclusive partnership with the blog comment service Disqus with regard to their integration of the comment aggregation service UberVU .
For the next two weeks , you 'll be able to test Disqus - powered social media comments exclusively on Mashable , getting a glimpse at what both companies think is the future of blog comments .
Of course we also have to thank UberVU for powering this comment aggregation feature .
As an extra special feature , Disqus users posting comments to Mashable can now syndicate their comments to Twitter - simply go to your Disqus account settings and enable Twitter .
Disqus are also making an announcement about the functionality : their post can be found on the Disqus blog .
Closing the Conversation Loop
The problem : the conversation is distributed .
Mashable posts are shared on scores of social media sites , and yet all those conversations are scattered around the web , with no way to pull them all together in one place .
Social media comments aim to fix that .
The feature is of course very new , and there 's much more that could be done with this novel concept : replying to 3rd party comments on Mashable and having your reply posted back to the 3rd party site , for instance .
We 're also still working on adding your Twitter avatars .
It 's by no means perfect yet : there are lots of tweaks we 're still working on , and I 'm sure you can name many more features you 'd like to see .
Nonetheless , there 's no doubt that social media comments are a massive step forward , and we 're proud that Disqus , UberVU and Mashable are the pioneers of this new functionality .
The Feature List : Supported Social Services
What can social media comments do ?
Here 's a sampling of the services we work with :
Blogger -
We locate posts linking to the Mashable post and comments on those posts
Digg - We find submission (s ) linking to the Mashable post and comments on that submission
Flickr -
We find comments / text on Flickr linking to the Mashable post
FriendFeed -
We find links to the Mashable post and also comments on those links
Movable Type -
We find blog posts linking to the Mashable post and comments on those posts
Picasa -
We find comments linking to the Mashable post
Twitter -
We find Tweets linking to Mashable post
TypePad -
We find blog posts linking to the Mashable post and comments on those posts
Vimeo -
We find comments linking to the Mashable post
Wordpress -
We find blog posts linking to the Mashable post and comments on those posts
YouTube -
We find comments linking to the Mashable post
Bonus Feature : Syndicate your Mashable comments to Twitter !
Social Media Comments : General Release Soon
Mashable comments also now include the standard features of Disqus : a single commenting profile across multiple blogs , the ability to post your comments to your Facebook profile and the option to read and respond to conversation threads via email .
If you 're using Disqus on your blog today , you 'll get to use social media comments as soon as the feature enters general release .
So go ahead :
Tweet this post , blog it , Digg it and more !
Let 's give social media comments their first road test !
It appears that other countries are not as eager as we are to sweep the war crimes of the previous administration under the rug :
Spain ’s national newspapers , El País and Público reported that the Spanish national security court has opened a criminal probe focusing on Bush Administration lawyers who pioneered the descent into torture at the prison in Guantánamo .
The criminal complaint can be examined here .
Público identifies the targets as University of California law professor John Yoo , former Department of Defense general counsel William J. Haynes II ( now a lawyer working for Chevron ) , former vice presidential chief - of - staff David Addington , former attorney general and White House counsel Alberto Gonzales , former Assistant Attorney General Jay Bybee , now a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , and former Undersecretary of Defense Doug Feith .
To underscore the serious of this action , Andrew Sullivan writes :
More ominous for Yoo and Addington et al is that the judge involved is the one who nailed Pinochet .
That dude does n’t mess around .
Spain ’s action means these war criminals are vulnerable in 24 European countries for arrest and prosecution for enabling torture .
Update : Here ’s Glenn Greenwald on Britain opening an inquiry into the British government ’s possible war crimes :
Would n’t it be nice if our government leaders could make a similar , extremely uncontroversial statement — credible allegations of lawbreaking by our highest political leaders must be investigated and , if warranted , prosecuted ?
In a country with a minimally healthy political culture , that ought to be about as uncontroversial as it gets .
Instead , what we have are political leaders and media stars virtually across the board spouting lawless Orwellian phrases about being “ more interested in looking forward than in looking backwards ” and not wanting to “ criminalize public service . ”
These apologist manuevers continue despite the fact that , as even conservative Washington Post columnist Anne Applebaum recently acknowledged in light of newly disclosed detailed ICRC Reports , “ that crimes were committed is no longer in doubt . ”
Update 2 : As dday points out , it appears that former Attorney General Michael Mukasey supports the extra-jurisdictional application of domestic anti-torture laws :
Town Council Scraps Windfarm Project After Turbine Collapse
March 23rd , 2009 by Dave Tyler
We told you recently about a wind turbine collapse in northern New York that has officials looking for a cause .
Now comes word that a nearby town is scraping plans for a windfarm , in part because of concerns over that collapse .
The Plattsburgh Press - Republican reports that the Beekmantown Town Council killed a proposed farm with 13 turbines last week after a contentious meeting .
Vermont - based Windhorse Power LLC had proposed the facility three years ago but the project had become tied up in lawsuits by residents .
Council members voted 3 - 2 to to kill the project .
The March 6 collapse of a turbine at a windfarm in Altona became a point of contention at the March 17 council meeting .
Beekmantown is about 15 miles southeast of Altona .
Officials suspect faulty wiring to be the culprit in the Altona incident .
“ Excuse my language , but that thing in Altona scared the s —- out of me , ” the paper quoted Councilman Samuel Dyer as saying .
The town ’s Zoning Board of Appeals approved the project in 2007 but since then residents have spent more than $ 70,000 in lawsuits against the town Zoning Board and Windhorse , the paper said .
Judging from the report , it seems the construction of the farm has created some real animosity in the town , and the Altona collapse may have just been the push that helped send the project over the edge .
But turbine collapses are quite rare and despite some reports , have earthly explanations .
Hopefully incidents of municipalities shooting down these projects because of one accident will be rare as well .
Photo credit : HDdod ’s Flickr stream , via a Creative Commons License .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Advertisement
Inspired by previously mentioned tinyarro.ws URL - shortening service , reader David decided to try inserting helpful Unicode characters in his Gmail labels to give more context to each label .
Advertisement
With Unicode characters , David is able to divide his labels into logical groups without a a custom script like Folders4 Gmail .
Right now I 'm using these ( see screenshot ) : ▶ Main categories ( e.g. financial information , social networks )
✉ Other email accounts
✦ Individuals
❤ Lady - type individuals
➡ Single source ( e.g. just eBay )
But there are plenty of good ones to play with : ✖ ✔ ✸ ● ■
◢ ◣ ◤ ◥
◧ ◨ ◩ ◪
▲ ▼ ▶ ◀
♂ ♀ ♪ ♫ ☼ I used the Wikipedia list of Unicode characters for reference :
The sort order is the handy bit to keep in mind .
I picked ✦ ( U+2726 ) for individuals because it 's just a little above ❤ ( U+2764 ) .
I 'm also using Unicode on my Gmail task lists .
I have my other lists named in plain text , and I 've used an arrow to sort my main list ( " ➡ main " ) to the bottom .
Very cool , David !
While President Obama has made development of cleaner energy sources a priority , an effort is underway to close off a large swath of the Southern California desert to solar and wind energy projects .
In a move that could pit usual allies -- environmentalists and the solar and wind industries -- against each other , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) is preparing legislation that would permanently put hundreds of thousands of acres of desert land off limits to energy projects .
The territory would be designated California ’s newest national monument .
The move has triggered cries of NIMBY - ism on Capitol Hill .
“ If there is such strong support for renewable energy , then why are they moving to block renewable energy production in their own state ? ” said Rep. Doc Hastings of Washington state , the top Republican on the House Natural Resources Committee .
Advertisement
Myron Ebell , an energy expert with the pro-market Competitive Enterprise Institute , called Feinstein ’s effort “ just the first example of how hard it is going to be to realize President Obama ’s dream of a green - energy economy . ”
Feinstein disputed that she is engaged in a not - in - my - backyard campaign .
“ I ’m a strong supporter of renewable energy and clean technology -- but it is critical that these projects are built on suitable lands , ” she said .
The area of concern to Feinstein is between the Mojave National Preserve and Joshua Tree National Park , off old Route 66 between Ludlow and Needles .
The area includes desert tortoise habitat , wildlife corridors , cactus gardens and the Amboy Crater -- an inactive volcanic crater where portions of the 1959 movie “ Journey to the Center of the Earth ” were filmed .
“ That section of the road is as pristine as it was when travelers came across it in the 1920s and ‘ 30s , ” said James Conkle , chairman of the Route 66 Alliance .
Advertisement
Boundaries for the proposed monument have yet to be drawn up .
But David Myers , executive director the Wildlands Conservancy , said it probably would be in excess of 800,000 acres .
Feinstein said in a Capitol Hill interview Tuesday that she was sending her staff to the desert -- and would probably visit the area herself next month -- to consider what areas should be made off limits to green - energy projects and where they should be permitted .
Feinstein , who regards the 1994 California Desert Protection
Act as one of her proudest achievements , noted that the Wildlands Conservancy spent more than $ 40 million buying the former railroad land in the desert and turning it over to the government in one of the largest land purchases in California history , with the intent of protecting it .
“ I feel very strongly that the federal government must honor that commitment , ” she said .
The Bureau of Land Management is reviewing 130 applications for solar and wind energy development in the California desert , covering more than 1 million acres of public land , according to Feinstein , who recently discussed her concerns with Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
At least 19 projects have been suggested in the area where the monument has been proposed , Myers said .
Salazar said in a letter to Feinstein that projects in the desert would be “ carefully considered ” before any decisions were made and that “ every effort will be made to avoid the most environmentally sensitive and valuable areas . ”
But he also noted that developing cleaner energy sources was a priority .
Advertisement
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said in a speech last year at a Yale University climate - change conference : “ If we can not put solar power plants in the Mojave Desert , I do n’t know where the hell we can put it . ”
In November , Schwarzenegger signed an executive order that a third of the state ’s electricity come from renewable sources by 2020 .
A major boost in solar and wind power is an essential component of the state ’s plan to cut greenhouse gas emissions under its landmark global warming law .
About 12 % now comes from renewable sources , excluding large hydropower plants .
His administration , however , has signaled that it will work with Feinstein .
A number of companies pursuing solar or energy projects said they hoped to work with Feinstein to fashion legislation that would satisfy her , environmentalists and the industry .
“ It ’s frustrating .
We really do have competing national priorities here , ” said Paul Whitworth , whose San Diego - based LightSource Renewables hopes to put in a solar project on about 6,000 acres near Amboy .
“ We spent a lot of time researching the desert , and consulting with the BLM to make sure we did n’t apply on top of an area of critical environmental concern , or area with other issues .
. . .
Now , there ’s uncertainty on whether these projects will go ahead . ”
Advertisement
“ What we all know about Sen .
Feinstein is that she ’s long been a champion for both environmental issues and renewable energy issues , ” said Shannon Eddy , executive director of the Large - scale Solar Assn .
“ I ’m certainly hoping that there ’s some pathway that we can find here to meet the mutual goals we all have . ”
A representative of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce who has fought congressional actions to close off areas to oil and gas drilling questioned where energy projects would be built , if not in the remote desert .
“ If you ’re going to take the desert away from us , where are you going to allow it -- Los Angeles ? , ” said Bill Kovacs , the chamber ’s vice president for environment , technology and regulatory affairs .
Feinstein holds a position of influence :
She chairs the Senate appropriations subcommittee that writes the Interior Department ’s budget .
Advertisement
--
richard.simon@latimes.com
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) -
An Australian teenager wearing baggy trousers and no underwear was fined after his pants fell down just as a female police officer was walking past , a newspaper reported on Thursday .
Trent Joseph Wroe , 19 , was fined A$ 250 ( $ 168 ) , and ordered to wear a belt , after the February 28 incident in Mooloolaba in the northern Queensland state , the Sunshine Coast Daily newspaper reported .
Police told a magistrate ’s court that Wroe deliberately bared his buttocks , but Wroe said he was wearing a pair of borrowed pants which were too big and fell down in the wrong place at the wrong time .
He said he would apologize to the police officer , and promised to wear a belt and underwear in future .
Orin Kerr , February 10 , 2009 at 1:13 am ]
Trackbacks
The Obama Administration , Middle Ground , and the State Secrets Doctrine : Mohamed et al v Jeppesen Dataplan , Inc. , an " extraordinary rendition " case .
It 's always hard to know what 's going on in a new Administration .
But my initial reaction is that I 'm not particularly surprised .
Here 's my thinking .
Much of the leadership of the Obama Justice Department served as officials in the Clinton Justice Department .
But the Clinton Justice Department was n't necessarily modest when it came to claims of executive privilege .
If you 'll let me paint with an extremely broad brush , the Clinton DOJ mostly took a case - by - case , middle ground approach to these sorts of issues .
My impression is that from the perspective of former Clinton officials — the officials back in power — what made the Bush approach so objectionable was that it its positions were extreme .
Instead of trying to strike a balance , invoking these doctrines in some cases and not others , the Addington / Yoo / Cheney approach was to invoke them in every case .
From this perspective , the goal , as reflected in
If the Mohamed litigation had arisen in the Clinton years , I would have expected the Clinton DOJ to assert the state secrets privilege .
Even if you condemn what happened in extremely strong terms , the resulting litigation seeks to expose the details of a top secret program involving cooperation with foreign governments that are crucial allies in fighting terrorism .
If the secrets get exposed in this litigation , it seems quite plausible that cooperation in the future for other critical programs will be much more difficult .
If you 're in a position of representing the executive branch , that 's a very weighty concern even if you condemn what happened under the previous administration .
I should add that this is n't necessarily a defense of the Obama Administration .
Some readers take the principled view that the state secrets privilege either should n't exist or should be dramaticaly limited .
If you take that view , then the Obama Administration 's position remains deeply troubling .
My point is only that I think the folks running DOJ are cut from a more institutional cloth :
To borrow from Bill Clinton in another setting , they likely see themselves trying , for better or worse , to take the state secrets doctrine and " mend it , not end it . "
That 's my guess , at least .
Related Posts ( on one page ) : Prudence on State Secrets Privilege : Luban : " You Cover It Up , You Own It " : The Obama Administration , Middle Ground , and the State Secrets Doctrine : DoJ Continues to Assert State Secrets Defense in Rendition Case : Panetta on Obama Rendition Policy : Gitmo to Close ; Rendition to Continue ?
Jonathan links below to the news coverage of the Ninth Circuit oral argument at which Doug Letter , an attorney for DOJ , announced that the Obama Administration had elected not to change its position on the state secrets doctrine in , an " extraordinary rendition " case .
It 's always hard to know what 's going on in a new Administration .
But my initial reaction is that I 'm not particularly surprised .
Here 's my thinking .
Much of the leadership of the Obama Justice Department served as officials in the Clinton Justice Department .
But the Clinton Justice Department was n't necessarily modest when it came to claims of executive privilege .
If you 'll let me paint with an extremely broad brush , the Clinton DOJ mostly took a case - by - case , middle ground approach to these sorts of issues .
My impression is that from the perspective of former Clinton officials — the officials back in power — what made the Bush approach so objectionable was that it its positions were extreme .
Instead of trying to strike a balance , invoking these doctrines in some cases and not others , the Addington / Yoo / Cheney approach was to invoke them in every case .
From this perspective , the goal , as reflected in DOJ 's announcement today that it will review every state secrets case , should be a return to a case - by - case evaluation of when the state secrets doctrine is appropriate .
If thelitigation had arisen in the Clinton years , I would have expected the Clinton DOJ to assert the state secrets privilege .
Even if you condemn what happened in extremely strong terms , the resulting litigation seeks to expose the details of a top secret program involving cooperation with foreign governments that are crucial allies in fighting terrorism .
If the secrets get exposed in this litigation , it seems quite plausible that cooperation in the future for other critical programs will be much more difficult .
If you 're in a position of representing the executive branch , that 's a very weighty concern even if you condemn what happened under the previous administration .
I should add that this is n't necessarily a defense of the Obama Administration .
Some readers take the principled view that the state secrets privilege either should n't exist or should be dramaticaly limited .
If you take that view , then the Obama Administration 's position remains deeply troubling .
My point is only that I think the folks running DOJ are cut from a more institutional cloth :
To borrow from Bill Clinton in another setting , they likely see themselves trying , for better or worse , to take the state secrets doctrine and " mend it , not end it . "
That 's my guess , at least .
The morning sun rises on the Auckland city skyline .
New Zealand Monday withdrew a controversial law which could have forced firms to disconnect Internet users accused of illegal use of material such as music or films .
New Zealand Monday withdrew a controversial law which could have forced firms to disconnect Internet users accused of illegal use of material such as music or films .
The Copyright Amendment
Act would have put the onus on Internet service providers to ban users accused of copyright breaches , even if allegations were unproven .
" Section 92a is not going to come into force as originally written .
We have now asked the minister of commerce to start work on a replacement section , " Prime Minister John Key told reporters .
The new law was due to come into effect in late February but it was postponed for a month following widespread protests from Internet users .
The delay was meant to give time for Internet service providers to come up with a code of conduct to make the law workable .
" There is a need for legislation in this area .
Some progress was made between copyright holders and the ISPs but not enough to agree a code of conduct , " Key said .
" In our view there are a number of issues that made it difficult to complete that code of conduct without fixing the fundamental flaws in section 92a . "
The government will re-introduce a new law following a review .
Key has previously said the government would not allow the Internet to become the " Wild West , " where copyright holders had no right to payment or recognition for their work .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further
In Brief : FCC tells broadband firms to pay tap costs
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In Los Angeles County , cities are buying federal stimulus funds from each other at deep discounts , turning what was supposed to be a targeted infusion of cash into a huge auction .
It all started when the county ’s Metropolitan Transportation Agency decided to hand out $ 44 million from the federal stimulus package in the form of $ 500,000 transportation grants to each of the county ’s 88 cities .
But some cities did n’t have any shovel - ready transportation projects .
So with MTA ’s blessing , they ’re selling the grants to the highest bidder :
La Habra Heights , a city of 6,000 , has sold its $ 500,000 in federal funds to the city of Westlake Village for $ 310,000 cash .
Irwindale , population 1,500 , also sold its $ 500,000 to Westlake Village , for $ 325,000 cash .
The city of Rolling Hills , population 1,900 , sold its $ 500,000 share to the city of Rancho Palos Verdes for $ 305,000 cash .
The city of Avalon has reached an agreement to swap its $ 500,000 with L.A. County .
This is Southern California that we ’re talking about –the land of eternal gridlock .
MTA could have redirected the money to a nearly infinite list of other transportation projects .
But chief planning officer Carol Inge told the Pasadena Star - News that the agency did n’t want to do that because “ our board wanted to give every city at least a chance to benefit from the stimulus package . ”
I ’m sure many cities have higher priorities than transportation .
And I would have liked to have seen more direct aid to ailing local governments in the stimulus bill .
Still , MTA ’s approach strikes me as a bit too creative .
What ’s next , stimuls money credit default swaps ?
UPDATE : After this post appeared , MTA reversed course and invalidated these sales .
It now says that the stimulus funds can only be swapped for other county money targeted for transit projects .
But this probably wo n’t end the controversy .
MTA is still handing out a half million bucks to all 88 cities in the county , including the tiny Irwindale , population 1,446 .
That ’s $ 345 per Irwindalian , just for transportation .
With that they could hire a worker to dig through the yellow pages and dial up free limos for everyone .
H/T to TotalCapitol in the comments .
Linux Disable USB Devices ( Disable loading of USB Storage Driver )
ADVERTISEMENTS
usb - storage driver
In our research lab , would like to disable all USB devices connected to our HP Red Hat Linux based workstations .
I would like to disable USB flash or hard drives , which users can use with physical access to a system to quickly copy sensitive data from it .
How do I disable USB device support under CentOS Linux , RHEL version 5.x/6.x/7.x and Fedora latest version ?
The USB storage drive automatically detects USB flash or hard drives .
You can quickly force and disable USB storage devices under any Linux distribution .
The modprobe program used for automatic kernel module loading .
It can be configured not load the USB storage driver upon demand .
This will prevent the modprobe program from loading the usb - storage module , but will not prevent root ( or another privileged program ) from using the insmod / modprobe program to load the module manually .
USB sticks containing harmful malware may be used to steal your personal data .
It is not uncommon for USB sticks to be used to carry and transmit destructive malware and viruses to computers .
The attacker can target MS - Windows , macOS ( OS X ) , Android and Linux based system .
The usb - storage.ko is the USB Mass Storage driver for Linux operating system .
You can see the file typing the following command :
# ls -l /lib/ modules / $( uname -r)/kernel/drivers/usb/storage/usb-storage.ko
All you have to do is disable or remove the usb - storage .
ko driver to restrict to use USB devices on Linux such as :
USB keyboards USB mice USB pen drive USB hard disk Other USB block storage
How to forbid to use USB - storage devices on using fake install method
MAGIC PEN 2
Anyone who thinks that the laws of physics are boring is definitely mistaken .
These basic laws that apply to everything around us can be used to do great things .
This sequel of the hugely popular Magic Pen game will test your puzzle ability to the max .
Armed with just a pen are you required to draw the shapes needed to get the job done .
Can you defy the persistent pull gravity or will you become a mindless slave obeying to its basic rules ?
It �s all up to you .
Instructions
Make clever use of physic to collect all flags in each level .
The shapes that you draw are affected by gravity , friction and inertia .
Use these properties in your advantage .
The red ball ( or red square in some levels ) , is the object that collects the flags .
Draw the objects in such a way that they push the ball in the desired direction .
Use the mouse to draw an object .
You cannot draw inside other objects .
Draw a circle by holding the left mouse button .
You can use pins and hinges to link two objects together .
Hold [ S ] and click inside an object to draw a pin .
Draw a second object on top of the pin to link the two object together .
Hold [ D ] to draw a hinge .
It works the same as with a pin , except that now the two objects can rotate with respect to each other .
To erase a single object hold down [ A ] as you left click a shape .
Hold [ W ] and left click to gently push the red shape in a certain direction .
Press [ space ] to restart the level .
43
MAGIC PEN 2 WALKTHROUGH VIDEO
Magic Pen 2 is an online puzzle game developed by Alejandro Guillen , and has been played 2192824 times on Bubblebox.com . % of people have voted thumbs up
-- James Saft is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own --
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
The shadow banking system in Europe is n’t so much dead as being kept on life support by banks and central banks in what amounts to a desperate but risky attempt to avoid the reckoning .
You might be forgiven for thinking that the biggest single month ever for securitization in Europe and Britain was sometime before we all realized that we were in a credit bubble , sometime like the sunny days of 2006 .
In fact , the biggest month ever , by some margin , was December 2008 , when more than 212 billion euros of securitizations were issued in Europe .
One small problem however is that there was almost no demand for them , with only about 8 billion euros in public deals intended to be bought by actual investors wanting to take on actual risk .
The rest were “ retained ” deals , almost always structured so they were eligible for financing by central banks under repo arrangements .
The numbers involved are staggering , with more than 750 billion euros of these retained deals having been created in 2008 , according to Unicredit Group data .
Retained securitizations in Spain total about 144 billion euros , according to UBS , or the equivalent of 14 percent of annual GDP .
Before the deluge , banks in Europe and Britain pursued risky strategies of either originating and distributing -- making loans and then selling them on via securitization to some bigger chump -- or relying on wholesale funding so they could grow their balance sheets beyond their ability to gather actual deposits from bona fide savers .
When that dispensation fell apart , central banks stepped in as “ emergency ” sources of funding , with the argument being that the banking system needed liquidity to get it through an unforeseeable storm .
Central banks will repo , or finance , securities that meet certain criteria , applying a discount to the face value to protect them but exchanging good old cash for hard - to - sell securities .
That storm is now about 20 months long and what were once emergency measures are now , more or less , the business model for banking .
Banks now lend money to homebuyers , businesses and consumers , turn those loans into securities , park the security with a friendly central bank and get cash back , thus allowing them to effectively take on more risk and continue lending despite balance sheet pressure .
This suits central banks , especially the ECB , as it keeps credit flowing and arguably supports asset valuations that would otherwise crush bank balance sheets and result in far more banking failures .
Details of exactly how much and what kind of securitizations are parked with the ECB and other central banks are not available .
But like what came before , it is an inherently unstable arrangement , however convenient or useful .
“ The structure - to - repo model is not sustainable .
Repo -financing will be limited in 2009 , or at least will not experience the same growth of 2008 , ” said James Zanesi , an analyst at Unicredit Group in Munich .
WHO BEARS THE RISK , WHO HOLDS THE BAG ?
This strategy , which amounts to lending into a deteriorating collateral environment , is by definition riskier for the banks than originating and selling it on .
After all , mortgage loans in Spain or Britain , where prices may fall another 15 - 20 percent and where unemployment is rising rapidly are probably not the world ’s best risk right about now .
Bank investors will bear this risk , and you only need to look at the equity prices of European banks to see what the market thinks of it .
It is also possible that people above equity holders in the capital structure could end up being hurt , though market orthodoxy now is that to hit bond holders would be suicidal .
Central banks and taxpayers may be on the hook as well , if banks with securities they ’ve financed fail and the collateral proves worth less than they thought it would be .
The banks , for their part , are engaged in a Darwinian all - or - nothing bet .
If they stop lending they are probably toast anyway , so may as well lend and hope that they are amongst the survivors and can then grow rich on fat margins .
Need I mention that there is a fair amount of moral hazard here .
Banks have every incentive to make as many loans as ever they can , take on as much risk within the framework as can be managed and park as much as possible with their central bank .
The risk may bring with it the money they need to earn out of their problems and if things come apart , well then , the authorities have all the more reason to keep them alive if they are looking at an ugly loss if they fail .
Who says the days of big leveraged bets are over .
--
At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article .
He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund --
One of the most confusing parts of iPhone development is dealing with the iPhone Developer Program side of things .
You know , all that fun stuff with certificates , devices , provisioning profiles , distribution profiles , etc .
Oh , the hours of “ fun ” you can spend with that .
Last night was particularly frustrating because I had just called it “ beta ” on Flower Garden and celebrated with the requisite victory dance , when the fun of sending out the beta build started .
What I thought would be a ten - minute task , turned into a long nightmare and I did n’t get the build out until 1AM .
This is not the first time I run into issues with provisioning profiles and distribution in general .
It ’s a very finicky process , and other developers are going through the same pains .
Mark Johnson suggested I collected all the gotchas I ’ve learned into a single place so it can serve as a form of reference .
That ’s a great idea , because the process is so byzantine that I will have forgotten most of them next time I need to do another big submission .
This is not a “ how to ” document on preparing your builds for ad -hoc or App Store distribution .
Apple has the basic flow documented in their site , and other people have also talked about the process .
This is intended to be more of an appendix explaining details , clarifying assumptions , and correcting things that are just plain wrong .
To make this more comprehensive , I ’d like to open it up to other people ’s experiences , not just mine .
If you have gone through some pains with the iPhone Developer Program ( and who has n’t ? ) and found a way to deal with them , please post in the comments and I ’ll update this page to reflect it .
i Phone Developer Program
1. App identifier is case sensitive .
This is the string you need to enter when you create an app ID through the developer web site , and the one you need to set in your Info. plist .
My usual development id is com.snappytouch .* so I can use it for anything I do .
But in preparation for sending out the beta build , I created one just for Flower Garden : com.snappytouch.flowergarden .
I thought that everything on the build side of things would be fine because my default app ID was : com.snappytouch .$ {PRODUCT_NAME :identifier} .
Unfortunately , this failed to create a working build without any helpful errors .
After much hair - pulling , I figured that was because my app is called “ FlowerGarden ” not “ flowergarden ” .
Changing the app ID in XCode to com.snappytouch.flowergarden fixed that .
2. Easy UDIDs .
Forget about asking your testers to go to iTunes and get the UDID from there .
Instead , tell them to get BetaHelper and email you all the information directly .
Easy and no typing errors !
3 . Bulk device upload .
I got a great response to the call for beta testers for Flower Garden , so I was left with about 30 new device UDIDs to enter in the developer web site .
Entering them one at a time with a slow - as - molasses interface is n’t my idea of fun so I decided to use the bulk upload option .
Unfortunately the format is n’t described exactly anywhere , and the errors displayed if the format does n’t match exactly are meaningless .
The exact format is :
Device ID Device Name xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Whatever name here xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Lalalala xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Whatever
So , tab separated , not comma separated .
First column is the device ID ( 40 digits ) .
Second is the name , no quotes around it .
First line is ignored .
Here ’s the killer :
You cannot have any blank lines after the last entry .
And the error message if you do is simply a “ Bad format ” .
Come on Apple , throw us a bone over here !
One last thing :
You ca n’t upload a device ID that is already in your database .
Really annoying .
Still , beats cut and pasting all those IDs by hand .
4. Ad -hoc zip file for Windows users .
Apparently it ca n’t be created with the Compress option in finder because it puts extra files .
I used zip from the command line and it worked correctly .
( Thanks to Mark Johnson for that one ) .
5. App Store zip file has to be created through Finder with Compress .
I heard that on Twitter somewhere , but needs confirmation .
Anyone ?
6. Adding provisioning profiles .
Forget about dragging them on XCode and manage them manually .
Check out my earlier entry about it .
7 . Set correct provisioning profile everywhere .
And I mean everywhere .
You need to do it both in the Info for the target and the info for the project itself .
Yes , both dialog boxes look identical and have 99 % the same information , but the provisioning profile setting is different apparently .
Fail to set it in both places , and your app wo n’t load in the device .
I ’m sure there are a lot more .
If you ’ve found some of your own , leave a comment and I ’ll update the list .
Religious affairs programme , tackling the thornier issues of the day in a thought - provoking manner
The US Defense Department charged today that five Chinese ships shadowed and manouvered dangerously close to a US Navy vessel in an apparent attempt to harass the American crew .
Officials in the Obama administration said yesterday 's incident followed several days of " increasingly aggressive " acts by Chinese ships in the region .
The incident took place in international waters in the South China Sea , about 75 miles ( 120 kilometers ) south of Hainan Island .
US officials said a protest was being delivered to Beijing 's military attache at a Pentagon meeting today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The USNS Impeccable sprayed one ship with water from fire hoses to force it away .
Despite the force of the water , Chinese crew members stripped to their underwear and continued closing within 25 feet ( 8 meters ) , the Defense Department said .
" On March 8 , 2009 , five Chinese vessels shadowed and aggressively maneuvered in dangerously close proximity to USNS Impeccable , in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the US ocean surveillance ship while it was conducting routine operations in international waters , " the Pentagon statement said .
The Chinese ships included a Chinese Navy intelligence collection ship , a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries Patrol Vessel , a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel , and two small Chinese - flagged trawlers , officials said .
" The Chinese vessels surrounded USNS Impeccable , two of them closing to within 50 feet ( 16 meters ) , waving Chinese flags and telling Impeccable to leave the area , " officials said in the statement .
" Because the vessels ' intentions were not known , Impeccable sprayed its fire hoses at one of the vessels in order to protect itself , " the Defense statement said .
" The Chinese crew members disrobed to their underwear and continued closing to within 25 feet ( 8 meters ) . "
Impeccable crew radioed to tell the Chinese ships that it was leaving the area and requested a safe path to navigate , the Pentagon said .
But shortly afterward , two of the Chinese ships stopped directly ahead of the Impeccable , forcing it to an emergency stop to avoid collision because the Chinese had dropped pieces of wood in the water directly in front of Impeccable 's path .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" The unprofessional maneuvers by Chinese vessels violated the requirement under international law to operate with due regard for the rights and safety of other lawful users of the ocean , " said Marine Maj .
Stewart Upton , a Pentagon spokesman .
" We expect Chinese ships to act responsibly and refrain from provocative activities that could lead to miscalculation or a collision at sea , endangering vessels and the lives of US and Chinese mariners , " Upton added .
In Beijing , Chinese officials did not immediately respond to voicemail messages and e-mail .
China views almost the entirety of the South China Sea as its territory .
China 's claims to small islets in the region have put it at odds with five governments — the Philippines , Vietnam , Malaysia , Brunei and Taiwan .
The incident came just a week after China and the US resumed military - to - military consultations following a five - month suspension over US arms sales to Taiwan .
And it came as Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi was due in Washington this week to meet with US officials .
Pentagon officials said the close encounter followed several other incidents involving the Impeccable and another US vessel Wednesday , Thursday and Saturday .
— On Wednesday , a Chinese Bureau of Fisheries Patrol vessel used a high - intensity spotlight to illuminate the ocean surveillance ship USNS Victorious as it operated in the Yellow Sea , about 125 nautical miles ( 231 kilometers ) from China 's coast , the Pentagon said .
The move was made without notice or warning , US officials said .
The next day , a Chinese Y - 12 maritime surveillance aircraft conducted 12 fly - bys of Victorious at an altitude of about 400 feet ( 122 meters ) and a range of 500 yards ( 457 meters ) .
— On Thursday , a Chinese frigate approached USNS Impeccable without warning and crossed its bow at a close range of approximately 100 yards ( 90 meters ) , the Pentagon said .
This was followed less than two hours later by a Chinese Y - 12 aircraft conducting 11 fly - bys of Impeccable at an altitude of 600 feet ( 183 meters ) and a range from 100 feet - 300 feet ( 30 - 90 meters ) .
The frigate then closely crossed Impeccable 's bow yet again , this time at a range of approximately 400 - 500 yards ( 366-457 meters ) without rendering courtesy or notice of her intentions .
— On Saturday , a Chinese intelligence collection ship challenged USNS Impeccable over bridge - to - bridge radio , calling her operations illegal and directing Impeccable to leave the area or " suffer the consequences . "
Sunday 's incident is reminiscent of a similar early foreign policy crisis that forced former President George W. Bush to deal with Beijing shortly after he took office — China 's forced landing of a spy plane and seizure of the crew in April 2001 .
That incident between a Chinese jet and US Navy spy plane infuriated Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld , who responded by breaking off US military contacts with China for a time .
The Chinese fighter jet collided in midair with a US Navy EP - 3 surveillance plane .
The Navy plane was so badly damaged that it made an emergency landing on China 's Hainan Island .
The Chinese pilot died and the US crew of 24 was detained by the Chinese military for 11 days .
China refused to allow US officials to fix the Navy plane and fly it off the island ; eventually it was shipped home in pieces .
VMukti Solutions Pvt. Ltd. and its interactive live video streaming solutions are certified by Intel andhave received numerous awards including NASSCOM , Red Herring & ISBA besides its excellent media coverage which includes TOI , CNBC , ET , DNA , and HT .
It was nice while it lasted , said Audrey Grayson and Joanna Schaffhausen in ABC News .
But , after years of research saying that light drinking can benefit your health , a new study from Britain ’s Oxford University has found that “ even moderate alcohol consumption of more than two drinks a week may raise the risk of cancer . ”
The study found that alcohol consumption could account for about 13 percent of all breast , liver , rectal , and upper digestive tract cancers in women .
And it does n’t take much , said Salynn Boyles in WebMD .
“ Women who drink as little as one alcoholic beverage a day — be it beer , wine , or hard liquor — have a significantly higher cancer risk than women who do n't drink at all . ”
This will put the guilt — and worry — back into one of life ’s guilty pleasures , said Rob Stein in The Washington Post .
A lot of us were long buoyed by the belief that sipping a glass of Pinot Noir was a perfectly safe way to “ take the edge off a day . ”
This latest news will leave a lot of women scratching their heads , “ given all the talk about red wine being something akin to a fountain of youth . ”
Not all the news on cancer risk is bad , said Roni Caryn Rabin in The New York Times .
Another new study — this one in The Archives of Internal Medicine — found that “ older men and women who consumed large amounts of dairy foods and calcium were at reduced risk of developing digestive cancers , especially colorectal cancer . ”
So another old debate — over whether calcium has cancer - fighting potential — has new fuel now , too .
Staff says title , date subject to change ; new footage , " Sō Da Yo " song previewed
The planned Fall opening date for a theatrical film remake of the Macross Frontier anime series was announced via an itasha ( vehicle decorated with character art ) mini-van outside the " Macross : The Super Dimension Space Launching Ceremony " event on Sunday .
However , creator Shoji Kawamori and the cast members Yuuichi Nakamura ( Alto ) , Aya Endo ( Sheryl ) , and Megumi Nakajima ( Ranka ) noted in the actual event that the new date and even the title of the project is subject to change .
During the event , the voice cast performed a live audio recording for a promotional video of the theatrical film project .
The promotional video included brief new footage of the arena for Sheryl 's concert in the story and Nakajima 's new song , " Sō Da Yo . "
The " Macross : The Super Dimension Space Launching Ceremony ~ It 's Really 2009 Already …
It 's 2/22 ( Nyan Nyan Nyan ) , Deculture ! ~ " event marked the precise month when the events of the very first episode of the first Macross science - fiction romance series supposedly takes place .
The event was split into a two - part " talk show " with guests from several Macross projects , and the actual " ceremony " itself .
During the first talk show segment , Valkyrie mecha designer and story co-creator Shoji Kawamori , character designer Haruhiko Mikimoto , and mechanical designer and Studio Nue co-founder Kazutaka Miyatake discussed how they met at school and Studio Nue .
They also reminisced on how Macross came together and how Macross has grown in the 27 years since its first airing .
The second talk show segment had the live audio recording for the Macross Frontier film 's promotional video and a discussion of what the cast wanted to ask " kantoku- san " ( the director ) to do with their characters .
During the ceremony itself , brief new footage of a computer - animated Macross spaceship was shown during its launch day .
The story 's fictional ceremony was recreated with new and old dialogue by actors Michio Hazama ( Captain Bruno J. Global ) and Katsumi Suzuki ( pilot Hayao Kakizaki ) .
( Sho Hayami , the voice of the pilot Maximilian Jenius , was unable to attend due to flu . )
The event ended with a song by Nobutoshi Hayashi ( Basara Nekki ) and a mini live concert with Nakajima .
Dressed as the singer character Lynn Minmay from the first Macross series and film , Nakajima sang covers of Macross songs such as " Watashi no Kare wa Pilot " ( " My Boyfriend 's a Pilot " ) , " Tenshi no Enogu " ( " An Angel 's Paints " ) , and " Ai , Oboeteimasuka " ( " Do You Remember Love ? " ) .
More images from the event can be seen here .
Image © Big West / Macross F Project , MBS
What happened
Facing a growing political storm , President Obama said Monday that he'd asked the Treasury to “ pursue every single legal avenue ” to block $ 165 million in bonuses to AIG ’s Financial Products unit .
( Watch the video ) Administration officials said the bonuses were distributed last Friday , but that the Treasury would try to recoup the money as a condition for AIG ’s drawing down its next $ 30 billion in bailout funds .
( The Wall Street Journal )
What the commentators said
AIG ’s rationale for paying these economy - wreckers , said Roger Simon in Politico , apparently accepted by Obama ’s economic team , is that it was contractually obligated to do so .
“ Baloney . ” Contracts get breached all the time .
If these executives want their bonuses , let them sue to get them .
Having taxpayers foot the bill for those bonuses stings , said Andrew Ross Sorkin in The New York Times .
But it ’s best to “ swallow hard and pay up . ”
First , the “ sanctity of contracts ” really is essential for all business transactions .
And second , these derivatives “ brainiacs ” — on the verge of fleeing AIG , and yes , someone will hire them — might be the only ones who can “ defuse ” the financial “ bomb ” they built .
“ Maybe there ’s a simpler path , ” said Matt Miller in The Daily Beast .
Obama could just ask the executives to give back the money , appealing to their patriotism and sense of public service .
If they say no , he could add an “ incentive ” — he ’ll publish their names and bonus amounts , and let the public be the judge .
The American public owns 80 percent of AIG , said the Chicago Tribune in an editorial .
So , America , “ how do you want your company run ? ”
Before you give incentives for “ talented staff ” to leave , remember , as top shareholders , you will benefit only if AIG “ survives and thrives . ”
Jenson Button 's Brawn - Mercedes may be even faster than his historic victory in Melbourne on Sunday suggested .
A senior source in the Brackley - based team has told the Guardian that they have been intentionally holding back in some sessions , saying it would be " foolish to annihilate people " at the start of a world championship they believe they can win .
The Brawn GP 001 has been the subject of some controversy , with a hearing in Paris on 14 April due to rule on whether the car 's diffuser is illegally creating downforce .
The source at Brawn said the car 's design legally interprets the new FIA regulations , adding that he was shocked at the poor times being posted by the other teams at pre-season testing in January .
The team that nearly ceased to exist in December , when the Japanese carmaker Honda decided to pull out of the sport , know they must capitalise on their early advantage and they have reasons to be confident about making a challenge for the drivers ' and constructors ' championships .
" I think , basically , that if someone is two - tenths off us they can feasibly win the race but , if we 're half a second in front , which is probably where we are at the moment , although we do n't necessarily look like that , it is just foolish to just annihilate people all the time , " he said .
" I think we have a little bit in the bag .
We 've got good stuff coming and I think we have reason to be confident . "
Button led the Australian grand prix from flag to flag and his team - mate Rubens Barrichello 's second place meant Brawn completed the first debut one - two since 1954 , when two other Mercedes - powered cars , driven by Juan Manuel Fangio and Karl Kling , took the top two spots on the podium at the French grand prix .
The cars ' nose is lower and wider than the other 18 cars but the source at Brawn insists there are numerous things you cannot see that have given them their edge , arguing that " there are many ways to skin a cat " .
He said : " The visual bits are not really the performance drivers , it 's all the surfaces you can't see that give you the real performance .
" One of the good things about the Brawn car is that competitors will look at all of it and say , ' That 's the bit that 's making it fast . '
But it is not necessarily one thing ; they could be focusing on something that is not really a big performance driver . "
He praised the management style of Ross Brawn , who led a buyout of the team at the beginning of this month .
" He 's been very frugal with what he 's delivered to the staff but what he has done has actually had some substance , " the source said .
He credited the head of aerodynamics , Loic Bigois , as the " absolute key " to the development of a car that they knew 12 months ago would be competitive .
" [ Loic ] managed to get a blend of ­performance - orientated engineering that has superseded what went before , " he said .
" The 1080 , last year 's car , was not a bad car , but of course another major performance factor has got to be the ­Mercedes engine . "
That engine was not fitted to the car until the start of March , days before the car 's shakedown at Silverstone .
Despite their preparations running two months behind everyone else , and without the physical manifestation of their research , the source claimed the team knew they had the fastest car in January .
" We were looking at everybody else 's times asking why were they all so slow , " he said .
" Our research was telling us we would be the quickest car . "
He explained that life in Brackley has been difficult since Honda 's announcement in December .
Despite confirmation of a sponsorship deal with Richard ­Branson 's Virgin Group , 275 impending job losses suggest all is not perfect at Brawn HQ .
" There has been ups and downs , mainly downs , " he said .
" It 's been a very strange atmosphere , as you can imagine .
It has been a bit of a Cinderella story . "
An injection of Virgin cash could be key to Brawn challenging Ferrari and McLaren .
" I think we need a modest amount of investment , we need to make sure our new size is efficient and we need to keep ahead of people , " the source said .
" We 've still got a lot in the bag .
The other teams will come back at us very hard over the season , but , long - term , Brawn will be a force in the top three – certainly while these regulations are stable and the budget cap remains . "
Mummified Japanese Monks Enlightened Through Punishment
More than two dozen mummified Japanese monks who were followers of an ancient sect of Buddhism known as ShugendÃ´ , have been discovered in Northern Japan .
Their beliefs were extreme and included the strict denial of any earthly comforts .
The process of self - inflicted torture according to them , was the only path to enlightenment .
This practice is more than 1,000 years old and was first executed by a priest named Kuukai , who is considered to be the founder of this extreme and deadly Buddhist scion .
There were three steps in the process that eventually led to eternal mummification , each one harsher than the one before .
Evidence suggests that these priests who lived and died over one thousand years ago , tortured themselves in an attempt to mummify their own remains ; a process which took up to ten years and was the result of deliberate self denial .
The first part of the process involved a change of diet ; a 1000 - day period in which the priest ate only nuts and seeds that could be gathered in the forest surrounding his temple .
Physical hardship was deliberately imposed with the goal of reducing the body fat to nearly nothing , allowing for easy decomposition .
Believe it or not , the second 1,000 - day stage was even more restrictive .
Now the priest could only eat bark and roots from pine trees , a process insured to turn any human being into a walking skeleton and to decrease the amount of body fluids , making preservation even easier .
Then the priest had to ingest a poisonous tea which further reduced body fluids and killed any maggots or insects that tried to eat the priest ’s remains after death , ( not to mention the priest ) .
The final 1,000 - day period the priest was entombed in a stone room just big enough for a man to sit lotus style .
As long as the priest could ring a bell , a tube remained in place to supply air , but when the bell stopped , the tube was removed and the tomb was sealed .
This resulted in some mummification for which the priest was immediately ranked a Buddha , but most of the poor fellows simply rotted away without any rank at all .
Outlawed in the late 19th century , this weird practice continued into the early 20th .
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
SOUTHAMPTON , England , Jan. 16 ( UPI ) -- A Southampton , England , bus driver said bosses are working to accommodate him after he refused to drive a vehicle bearing an atheist advertisement .
Ron Heather , 62 , said he told bosses at First Bus that his Christian beliefs would not allow him to drive a bus emblazoned with the message : " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life , " The Guardian reported Friday .
Advertisement
" When I first saw the bus last Saturday I was shocked , " Heather said .
" I was just about to board and there it was staring me in the face .
My first reaction was horror .
... I was in a dilemma but I felt strongly I could n't drive that bus and so I went up to my inspectors and told them there was no way I could drive it .
They said they did n't have another one , so I thought I 'd better go home , " he said .
Heather said bosses have since been " very good " about making sure the buses he is scheduled to drive do not carry the messages , which have been placed on 800 buses across Britain as part of a campaign by the British Humanist Association .
However , he said that if the campaign continues past February , he will " seriously consider giving up my job . "
( Reuters ) - American International Group AIG.N has cut or delayed payments to some of its real - estate ventures , potentially leaving the developers and their bankers in the lurch , the Wall Street Journal reported .
The paper , citing people familiar with the matter , said the insurer had halted payments to Alabama shopping - center developer Alex Baker , putting some 15 banks at risk of exposure to soured loans .
AIG has offered a settlement but a person close to the banks said the lenders were unlikely to accept , the Journal said .
Affiliates of another developer , Mitchell L Morgan Management Inc , sued AIG in February for missed and delayed payments .
A spokeswoman for AIG told the Journal that AIG and Morgan have agreed to suspend litigation for 60 days to negotiate a possible settlement but believes Morgan ’s complaint is without merit .
AIG Global Real Estate , an arm of the insurance company , has interests totaling more than $ 23 billion across 53 million square feet of real estate , the Journal said .
Spending at AIG is being monitored closely by the Federal Reserve after the U.S. government committed $ 180 billion in bailout funds to what was once the world ’s largest insurer .
AIG , AIG Baker and Morgan were not immediately available for comment .
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Obama administration on Monday will formally unveil a program to help banks clean up their books by subsidizing private investors ' purchase of troubled assets .
The effort marks the next big step in Washington 's six - month - old bank rescue , which has so far mostly entailed making capital investments and backstopping bank debt .
Administration officials , in a briefing with reporters late Sunday night , said they plan to commit $ 75 billion to $ 100 billion to start wiping out bad assets and would evaluate how programs are working before deciding how to commit more money .
The goal is to buy up at least $ 500 billion of bad assets -- loans , such as those for subprime mortgages , that are now in danger of default .
Investors have been waiting expectantly for details since last month when Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner announced the framework of a plan to address two of the biggest problems in the banking sector : the toxic assets keeping banks from lending and the shortage of capital at major institutions .
Under the new Public Private Investment Program , taxpayer funds will be used to seed partnerships with private firms to buy up assets backed by mortgages and other loans .
The effort will involve the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve , senior Treasury officials said late Sunday night .
Setting the right price
A key issue for the program is putting a value on the assets .
The market for them has largely dried up , making them hard to value and causing a standoff .
Investors do n't want to overpay for them , and banks do n't want to lose money by selling them too cheaply .
The administration says it does n't want government to get involved in setting prices .
So it plans to run auctions between the banks selling the assets and the investors buying them .
The goal is to allow the market to set the price , the officials said .
Under one part of the plan , Treasury would partner with private investors to buy a pool of troubled assets , providing up to 50 % of the needed money .
The FDIC could then leverage the buying power by as much as 6 times .
The amount of leveraged help would be decided on a case - by - case basis , the administration officials said .
The administration officials said they 've gotten support from private investors and banks who have been briefed about the program .
But some analysts questioned whether the government 's help would be enough to push investors and banks toward figuring out a price .
" My worry is that negotiations could be dragged out as banks might not be willing to sell at a price that investors , even with their inexpensive financing , are willing to pay , " said Jaret Seiberg , policy analyst at Concept Capital 's Washington Research Group .
In addition to setting up the new public - private partnerships , the government plans to expand a Federal Reserve program launched last week that aims to spur lending .
Under the program , called Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility , the Fed effectively serves as a matchmaker , partnering buyers and sellers of newly issued , top- rated securities backed by student , small business , auto and credit card loans .
The administration officials on Sunday said TALF has raised $ 9 billion in new securitizations , more than in the last four months combined .
Now they 're expanding it to some lower - rated mortgage - backed securities .
" We do know that banks have these so - called toxic assets on their balance sheets , " Christina Romer , chairwoman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , said Sunday on CNN 's " State of the Union . "
" They are making banks unwilling to lend , they 're making private investors unwilling to come into banks , " Romer said .
" We need to get those off the banks ' balance sheets . "
Getting private sector involved
An expanded use of public - private partnerships in the continuing bank bailout could accomplish two critical goals .
They could successfully lure private capital into the process of rescuing troubled institutions , and they could enable market forces to set prices for hard - to - value assets .
But some critics say public - private partnerships wo n't do the trick -- that the administration must take more aggressive action such as seizing control of banks .
Another criticism of public - private partnerships :
The government loans would pose too much risk to taxpayers .
" [ I ] f you think that the banks really , really have made lousy investments , this wo n't work at all ; it will simply be a waste of taxpayer money , " New York Times columnist Paul Krugman wrote Saturday on his blog .
The main concern :
The government would be providing low - cost financing to buy the assets .
And if the assets go bad , the government would be shouldering much of the loss .
Because the money is cheap and downside risk is limited , private investors may be willing to pay too much for the toxic assets , increasing risk to taxpayers .
On Sunday night , the officials explained that they believe financing private investors to buy assets is a better option than nationalizing banks or simply ignoring banks and allowing the market alone to solve their problems .
In the end , the aim is to unfreeze the credit markets , which have been weighed down by consumer and investor fears about future losses at the nation 's banks .
The financial crisis , considered the worst since the Great Depression , was sparked by a rapid decline of housing prices leading to high levels of mortgage defaults .
Banks and other institutions that bet on those mortgages , often in the form of complex securities that packaged up slices of loans , have suffered huge losses in recent quarters .
Last fall , Congress and the Bush administration came together to pass an unprecedented $ 700 billion bailout plan , which has among other things pumped nearly $ 200 billion into hundreds of banks big and small .
President Obama and Geithner have been working for months , even before Obama took office in January , to fashion a comprehensive strategy for rescuing the banks .
Geithner 's plans have been weighed down in recent days by congressional and public backlash against retention bonuses paid to employees of American International Group , a troubled insurer now majority owned by the government that has become a magnet for criticism .
-CNN senior White House correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .
An employee of Whole Foods in Ann Arbor , Michigan , was fired in 2007 for apprehending a shoplifter .
More specifically , he was fired for touching a customer , even though that customer had a backpack filled with stolen groceries and was running away with them .
I regularly see security decisions that , like the Whole Foods incident , seem to make absolutely no sense .
However , in every case , the decisions actually make perfect sense once you understand the underlying incentives driving the decision .
All security decisions are trade - offs , but the motivations behind them are not always obvious :
They ’re often subjective , and driven by external incentives .
And often security trade - offs are made for nonsecurity reasons .
Almost certainly , Whole Foods has a no- touching - the - customer policy because its attorneys recommended it .
" No touching " is a security measure as well , but it 's security against customer lawsuits .
The cost of these lawsuits would be much , much greater than the $ 346 worth of groceries stolen in this instance .
Even applied to suspected shoplifters , the policy makes sense :
The cost of a lawsuit resulting from tackling an innocent shopper by mistake would be far greater than the cost of letting actual shoplifters get away .
As perverse it may seem , the result is completely reasonable given the corporate incentives – Whole Foods wrote a corporate policy that benefited itself .
At least , it works as long as the police and other factors keep society ’s shoplifter population down to a reasonable level .
Incentives explain much that is perplexing about security trade - offs .
Why does King County , Washington , require one form of ID to get a concealed - carry permit , but two forms of ID to pay for the permit by check ?
Making a mistake on a gun permit is an abstract problem , but a bad check actually costs some department money .
In the decades before 9/11 , why did the airlines fight every security measure except the photo - ID check ?
Increased security annoys their customers , but the photo - ID check solved a security problem of a different kind : the resale of nonrefundable tickets .
So the airlines were on board for that one .
And why does the TSA confiscate liquids at airport security , on the off chance that a terrorist will try to make a liquid explosive instead of using the more common solid ones ?
Because the officials in charge of the decision used CYA security measures to prevent specific , known tactics rather than broad , general ones .
The same misplaced incentives explain the ongoing problem of innocent prisoners spending years in places like Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib .
The solution might seem obvious :
Release the innocent ones , keep the guilty ones , and figure out whether the ones we are n't sure about are innocent or guilty .
But the incentives are more perverse than that .
Who is going to sign the order releasing one of those prisoners ?
Which military officer is going to accept the risk , no matter how small , of being wrong ?
I read almost five years ago that prisoners were being held by the United States far longer than they should , because '' no one wanted to be responsible for releasing the next Osama bin Laden . ''
That incentive to do nothing has n't changed .
It might have even gotten stronger , as these innocents languish in prison .
In all these cases , the best way to change the trade - off is to change the incentives .
Look at why the Whole Foods case works .
Store employees do n't have to apprehend shoplifters , because society created a special organization specifically authorized to lay hands on people the grocery store points to as shoplifters : the police .
If we want more rationality out of the TSA , there needs to be someone with a broader perspective willing to deal with general threats rather than specific targets or tactics .
For prisoners , society has created a special organization specifically entrusted with the role of judging the evidence against them and releasing them if appropriate : the judiciary .
It 's only because the George W. Bush administration decided to remove the Guantanamo prisoners from the legal system that we are now stuck with these perverse incentives .
Our country would be smart to move as many of these people through the court system as we can .
\—
Bruce Schneier is chief security technology officer of BT .
His new book is Schneier on Security .
Brian Reily is a PhD candidate with the Department of Computer Science , working for the Human - Centered Robotics Lab .
His research interests are multi- robot systems , human - robot teaming , and collaborative multi-sensory perception .
Part IEconomists disagree on the identity of the true culprit behind our current crisis .
Some blame Wall Street ; some blame the progressive politics that pushed Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae beyond their capacity ; some blame the profiteering loan brokers , the foxy house flippers , and the naive subprime home buyers in their rush for quick profits .
Some blame the Federal Reserve , including me from time to time .
[ Thanks to James Montgomery Flagg , the artist , and Wikimedia.org .
The image is in the public domain . ]
In reality , all of the above had their role , but they are just players in a game , the rules of which are defined by politicians .
The origin of the problem lies in the rule changes that caused the demise of sound commercial banking back in 1913 .
Before then , good commercial banking had been functioning well , both in England and and the US , for about a century .
Business cycle fluctuations , although sometimes painful , managed to keep the profession on the right track .
The invention of the Fed in 1913 was supposed to allow banks to weather business cycle downturns without going completely bust because of irrational panic withdrawals that had no justification in the real data .
Morphing onto a national stage out of private banking functions already in development , the Fed 's check clearing services and temporary commercial loan facilities were indeed a clever and useful idea .
But the politicians discovered that , once the Fed found it could take over the centralized monopoly of legal tender issuance and then credit creation , it could be used for other things than just stabilizing the banking system .
And everyone believed the Fed could control this new - found usage and that it would not do any harm .
In preparation for WWI , the government turned to the Fed credit - creation facilities to finance the war .
It was a great success .
The Fed managed to wrest most of the genie back into the bottle after the war by early 1920 ; but the temptation was too great and the discipline and privations too onerous , so they allowed over - issuance of credit to continue , ostensibly to help the country out of the recession the war disruption had caused .
The downturn ended in 1921 ; but the credit issuance continued .
The result was 1929 .
As Doug Noland says in this week 's article at Prudent Bear : " It was understood at the time [ during the Great Depression ] that our fledgling central bank had played an activist role in fueling and prolonging the twenties boom - that presaged The Great Unwind .
Along the way , this critical analysis was killed and buried without a headstone .
" How true .
Very few economists today remember the Fed 's role in inflating credit previous to the Depression .
On the contrary , everyone , from Keynes to Friedman to Bernanke , believed and continue to believe to this day that the problem lay in too little credit .
Many base their hypothesis that the Fed did not over - expand credit in the 1920s on the fact that the price level was relatively stable .
Economist Edward C. Harwood pointed out in published articles that an economy can present over - expansion of the money supply even in a climate of stable prices ; and furthermore , that this held true in the 1920s .
Outside factors can cause real prices to fall , while an excess of money supply camouflages these factors by keeping prices at the higher level , with no one the wiser .
Furthermore , what these theorists ignore entirely is that the Fed 's newly assumed power to unleash the credit genie destroyed sound commercial banking in pretty short order .
( " Power tends to corrupt ; absolute power corrupts absolutely . "
Lord Acton )
In an unpublished article written around May of 1928 , Harwood described the process by which the art of commercial banking became tainted and was eventually lost .
He compared it to a play in three acts .
After describing the players and the events of the first two acts , he wrote : " To date [ May 1928 ] , recent business history has paralleled acts one and two of this drama of commerce .
Act III remains to be played .
Just when it will begin is a problem , but it is certain that the actors will not fail to appear .
It must be confessed that this drama is a tragedy .
The third act may be readily imagined by those who have seen depression before .
It is unfortunate that this is what we must expect , but such will always be the price of inflation .
" He correctly predicted the depression that came one year later .
He is one of the few , unfortunately forgotten today .
In the next parts of this blog post , I will go into the details of sound commercial banking , how it was allowed to self - destruct by the creation of the Federal Reserve , and how its destruction led to today 's crisis .
Labels : economics , economy , Edward C. Harwood , Federal Reserve , Great Depression
Dear important scientist Tim Berners - Lee : Thank you for inventing the World Wide Web 20 years ago .
It 's really great and stuff !
But were you aware of the crimes committed in your name ?
Not that we blame Berners - Lee for these things ... okay , okay , we do .
The 20 worst things about the World Wide Web :
1. Julia Allison
2. Twitter
3. Jason Calacanis
4. Wikipedia
5. Henry Blodget
6. Dave Winer
7. Blogs
8. Dead newspapers everywhere
9. Congressman Jared Polis
10 . Robert Scoble
11 . The Pets.com sock puppet , and Michael Ian Black 's subsequent career
12 . Digg
13 . Perez Hilton
14 . /b/
15 . Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales 's love life
16 . Oversharing
17 . Mark Zuckerberg
18 . Chris Crocker
19 . Internet commenters
20 . Kevin Rose
We realize they were n't in your original spec , Timbo , but you should have anticipated them .
Really .
Soldiers sue Iraq contractor over toxic , cancer - causing dust Nick Cargo
Published : Wednesday December 3 , 2008
Print This Email This Sixteen soldiers are suing former Halliburton unit KBR , charging that its employees knowingly exposed them to a carcinogenic chemical in the course of their duties .
McManaway v. KBR , filed Wednesday at the U.S. District Court ( Southern District of Indiana , Evansville ) , seeks to recover medical costs , along with monetary damages and monitoring for health problems including cancer , for sixteen Indiana National Guardsmen based in Tell City who were posted at a water treatment plant that KBR was commissioned to repair shortly after the American invasion , from April to September 2003 .
The Guardsmen charge that KBR was aware of dangerous levels of sodium dichromate on the premises , used to remove corrosion from pipes .
Part of its chemical makeup is hexavalent chromium , which is known to cause lung cancer and birth defects .
Sergeant First Class David Moore of Dubois , Indiana , was among those said to be affected : he died this year of chronic interstitial lung disease .
His death was ruled service - related .
" It 's not right , " said Mark McManaway , 55 , the main plaintiff in the suit .
He has suffered rashes and nosebleeds he blames on the exposure .
Their attorney , Mike Doyle , is also representing ten KBR workers in arbitration ( Langford v. Halliburton , American Arbitration Association , 70-480-00649-05 ) who echo the charge , saying that their employer chose to cover up the exposure after neglecting to issue them the proper protective gear .
Ed Blacke , who worked as a medic at Qarmat Ali , testified to a Senate panel in June that he was fired when he discovered the toxic dust and tried to warn others .
" A day 's exposure could write you a death warrant , " he added .
" Just one day 's exposure . "
He said that the chemical contamination was an act of sabotage by the Iraqi Baath party .
" The Tell City Guardsmen were repeatedly told that there was no danger on site , even after KBR managers knew that blood testing of American civilians exposed onsite confirmed elevated chromium levels , " Doyle said in the complaint .
" We deny the assertion that KBR harmed troops and was responsible for an unsafe condition , " KBR spokesperson Heather Browne said in an e-mail statement .
" KBR appropriately notified the Army Corps of Engineers upon discovery of the existence of the substance on the site and the Corps of Engineers concluded that KBR 's efforts to remediate the situation were effective .
Further the company in no way condones any action that would compromise the safety of those we serve or employ . "
The Guardsmen 's complaint includes a copy of an internal KBR memo , dated June 2003 , in which managers discussed sodium dichromate at the plant , and a statement from the Army confirming that there was " high potential for direct exposure " to the chemical during the time the Guardsmen were stationed at the plant .
Abstract
As the Internet has exploded over the past fifteen years , recently reaching over a billion users , dozens of national governments from China to Saudi Arabia have tried to control the network by filtering out content objectionable to the countries for any of a number of reasons .
A large variety of different projects have developed tools that can be used to circumvent this filtering , allowing people in filtered countries access to otherwise filtered content .
In this report , we describe the mechanisms of filtering and circumvention and evaluate ten projects that develop tools that can be used to circumvent filtering : Anonymizer , Ultrareach , DynaWeb Freegate , Circumventor / CGIProxy , Psiphon , Tor , JAP , Coral , and Hamachi .
We evaluated these tools in 2007 -- using both tests from within filtered countries and tests within a lab environment -- for their utility , usability , security , promotion , sustainability , and openness .
We find that all of the tools use the same basic mechanisms of proxying and encryption but that they differ in their models of hosting proxies .
Some tools use proxies that are centrally hosted , others use proxies that are peer hosted , and others use re-routing methods that use a combination of the two .
We find that , in general , the tools work in the sense that they allow users to access pages that are otherwise blocked by filtering countries but that performance of the tools is generally poor and that many tools have significant , unreported security vulnerabilities .
The report was completed in 2007 and released to a group of private sponsors .
Many of the findings of the report are now out of date , but we present them now , as is , because we think that the broad conclusions of the report about these tools remain valid and because we hope that other researchers will benefit from access to the methods used to test the tools .
Responses from developers of the tools in question are included in the report .
***
Selected mentions :
This work is supported in part by Hivos and the Oak Foundation .
Mr Volkov said that he was still unsure what his responsibilities would be .
" I received a message from the presidential administration asking me if I was against having my name published in a list .
But I had no idea what it was , " he said , saying he agreed to be involved because of his trust in the president .
A few minutes after 6 a.m.
Wednesday , the driver of a black sport utility vehicle called 911 from his cellphone to report that he had just hit someone on 108th Street in Corona , Queens .
He went back to the spot .
But there was no body there .
At 7:05 a.m. in Brighton Beach , Brooklyn , the driver of a red van noticed a pedestrian trying to flag him down , yelling that he was dragging something .
He pulled over and made a gruesome find :
The body of a man  hooked through his sternum  was affixed to a steel plate that was part of the van ’s undercarriage .
The man had apparently been hit by the first car and then dragged by the second one through major arteries of Queens and Brooklyn : the Long Island Expressway , the Grand Central Parkway , the Van Wyck Expressway , the Belt Parkway and Ocean Parkway .
It was 19.8 miles in all  and more than 50 minutes  before the van dragging the torn - up corpse finally came to a stop at Coney Island Avenue and Brighton 10th Street .
Middle East specialists in the Obama administration yesterday looked in despair at the Israeli election results , seeing their hopes for peace in the region fast receding .
In public US officials adopted a neutral stance , but in private there is regret that the elections proved inconclusive , with divisions and deadlock on the Palestinian side now replicated on the Israeli side .
Professor Paul Scham , a specialist in Israeli - Palestinian affairs at the Washington - based Middle East Institute , said he found it difficult to find any basis for optimism .
" Maybe Obama can put it together , but the pieces do not seem to be there . "
The election result complicates the review of Middle East policy under way in the US state department .
Among questions up for discussion are the closeness of the US to Israel and whether that will undercut Obama 's overtures to Iran and , potentially , Syria , and relations in general with Arab countries .
Links between the US and Israel have not always been strong .
In the first 20 years of Israel 's existence , relations were often cool and Washington had better links with some Arab countries .
Inside the Obama administration there are officials who in private say how appalled they were by Israel 's actions in Gaza , both in terms of the death toll and the impact on the Middle East .
Open discussion about the alliance with Israel is difficult in the US .
US officials , analysts and academics who question whether the national interest might be better served by loosening links quickly find themselves in the middle of huge squabbles and accusations of antisemitism .
Despite this , there are some who are prepared to voice such views in public .
Glenn Greenwald , an author and political commentator who has questioned the US - Israel alliance , said yesterday : " There 's no question that the blind , uncritical support the US has lent Israeli actions has harmed America 's standing in the world generally , and in the Muslim world particularly ...
For little benefit and much harm to ourselves , we have made Israel 's numerous enemies , conflicts and wars our own . "
The Obama administration will continue to back Israel , not least because the president wants to be re-elected in 2012 and does not want to alienate Democratic Jewish voters .
Support in Congress for Israel is also overwhelming .
The American Israel Public Affairs Committee , the powerful pro-Israel lobby , at its annual dinner in Washington reads out an impressive list of supporters on Capitol Hill .
But Obama , without abandoning the alliance , may seek to press the Israeli government in a way that the Bush administration , or even the Clinton one , did not .
He could change the relationship so that it is the US dictating to Israel rather than , as has often been the case over the past eight years , the other way round .
That would make it easier for his administration to pose as honest broker between Israel and the Palestinians .
Scham expects such a confrontation between the Obama administration and Israel .
" I can't see how an Israeli government that comes out of this election would fall into line with Obama 's hopes for the Middle East in the short , medium or long term . "
Judith Kipper , a veteran Middle East analyst at the Washington - based Institute of World Affairs , said the relationship between the US and Israel had to be strong , but not exclusive .
She too expected confrontation .
" You need this president to say eyeball to eyeball to the leader of Israel - and the leader of the Palestinians - what he intends to do . "
Does the African nation of Zimbabwe really possess the holy grail for Doctor Who fans ?
A British newspaper is claiming that the country may have the last remaining collection of the series ' 1963 first season .
Advertisement
Thanks to an economy - conscious 1970s BBC erasing many of the early years of Who episodes , a large part of the series ' history has been considered permanently lost - at least copies of episodes appear in the most unlikely of places , like yard sales and potentially - illegal private collections .
Currently , 108 out of the show 's initial 752 episodes are still missing , and according to British newspaper the Sun , some of them may be found in Zimbabwe .
The reasoning behind this unexpected announcement comes from two disparate facts .
Firstly , the country purchased the first season of Doctor Who for transmission in the mid-60s .
Secondly , the BBC have never been able to visit the country to find out exactly what tapes the Zimbabwean broadcasters actually possess , thanks to President Robert Mugabe banning all BBC personnel from entering the country at the beginning of this century .
According to British newspaper the Sun , a BBC source explained ,
We have looked all over the world for missing Doctor Who episodes but there are still some broadcasters we have not spoken to , [ and ]
Zimbabwe could prove a problem as there is so much red tape .
Advertisement
Of course , there 's no evidence that the Zimbabwean broadcasters still have any of the transmission tapes , but hope springs eternal .
If nothing else , the Doctor himself has often demonstrated that even the most unlikely of things can turn out to be true .
Zimbabwe ' hoarding lost ' Who ' episodes ' [ Digital Spy ]
Two missile attacks from suspected US drones have killed 14 people in north - western Pakistan , officials say .
At least one missile hit a house in a village near the town of Mirali in North Waziristan , a stronghold of al - Qaeda and Taleban militants .
A second suspected drone attack has been reported in South Waziristan , killing five people .
Pakistan has long argued that such strikes are counter - productive and are a violation of its sovereignty .
These are the first drone attacks since Barack Obama was inaugurated as US president on Tuesday .
Pakistani leaders had expressed hope that the new US administration would halt the controversial air strikes , saying they fuelled public anger and complicated Pakistan 's own counter - insurgency efforts .
Meanwhile , two security personnel were killed when a suicide bomber rammed his vehicle into a military checkpoint in the Fizzagat area of the Swat Valley in north - western Pakistan .
Swat plays host to frequent battles between the Pakistani army and Islamic militants trying to enforce a strict form of Islamic law set down by Mullah Fazlullah , a radical cleric .
' Militants killed '
The first drone attack struck a house owned by a man called Khalil Khan in the village of Zeerakai at 1700 local time .
Four Arab militants were killed in the strikes , officials said .
Their identities were not immediately clear but officials said one was a senior al - Qaeda operative .
The second attack was aimed at the house of a Taleban commander about 10 km ( six miles ) from the town of Wanna , local reports said .
But officials told the BBC that the drone actually hit the house of a pro-government tribal leader , killing him and four members of his family , including a five - year - old child .
More than 20 attacks have been carried out from drones on targets in north - western Pakistan in recent months , sparking protests from Pakistan 's government .
On Thursday , President Obama appointed Richard Holbrooke as special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , having promised that his administration would continue to tackle the threats posed by extremists in both countries .
Earlier on Friday , a roadside bomb exploded on the outskirts of Mingora town as a security patrol was passing .
Eyewitnesses said the security forces opened fire and killed three passers - by , but the security forces denied being responsible for the deaths .
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Someday , somewhere , somehow your computer will be gone .
It will be stolen , or the hard drive will self - destruct , or it will be hit by a meteor .
While the latter would at least provide you with an excellent story , assuming you were n’t using it at the time , having your laptop stolen , as mine was recently , just plain sucks .
However , I did manage to learn a few things in the wake of disaster , and wanted to take the opportunity to share them with you here .
Three things are lost with a computer ’s theft : hardware , data , and privacy .
I ’ll let others deal with the emotional aspects of loss , and instead focus on the practical ones .
Hardware —
The loss of the hardware is , in many ways , the least of your problems .
Sure , it ’s money out the door , but as my mom once told me , you can always make more money .
That said , I do encourage you to make sure your computer is insured .
Many homeowner insurance policies do not cover computers that are used primarily for work , or those that are stolen offsite ( like from a car ) .
Be sure to check your policies carefully .
Safeware offers independent computer insurance , if necessary .
I would also recommend installing tracking software on your computer .
Of the various options on the market , I picked MacTrak by GadgetTrak for my replacement computer based on several factors : I liked the company ’s owner , whom I met at his Macworld booth ; I do n’t like the idea of a third - party company being the mediator between me and the tracking data ( as other companies do ) ; and I like the relatively simple and straightforward approach the software takes .
If my new laptop is stolen , I log into the GadgetTrak Web site and report it missing .
The next time my computer pings their server , it sees the status and starts occasionally taking pictures ( with the built - in iSight camera ) and reporting its location ( based on whatever Wi-Fi address the thief is using ) .
Those photos and data go directly to me , and it ’s up to me to give that information to law enforcement .
There are a number of other products and companies that can track your Mac including LoJack and Undercover .
While both programs have some interesting features ( Undercover in particular does some things I ’d like to see incorporated into a future version of MacTrak , such as taking screenshots as the thief works and simulating a hardware failure to force the thief into bringing the machine in for repair ) , evaluating them should be saved for another article .
Data —
So tracking helps protect against the loss of hardware , but what about the loss of data ?
This was my biggest concern at first , considering I kept everything on my laptop and was not that conscientious about backing it up .
Lucky for me I had two things in my favor .
First , I had been using SuperDuper about once a month to back up the whole laptop to an external hard drive .
It ’s easy , cheap , and painless to back up a complete copy of a computer , or make incremental backups regularly .
Second , I had installed a copy of CrashPlan a year or so earlier .
CrashPlan is one of several programs on the market that sits in the background and backs up your hard drive to either an external drive , another computer ( on your local network or one connected to the internet ) that has the software , or to a central location ( see “ CrashPlan : Backups Revisited , ” 2007 -02 - 26 ) .
I chose to store my data at CrashPlan ’s bank vault in Minneapolis for about $ 5 per month .
About two hours before my laptop was stolen , I had stopped in at Glenn Fleishman ’s and Jeff Carlson ’s office to say hello and check my email .
While there , CrashPlan quietly backed up a few more files without me even knowing it .
Thanks to those few minutes of being online , I was later able to recover about 95 percent of my data .
The only significant data I lost was the previous month ’s worth of photos in iPhoto ( which I had for some reason instructed CrashPlan to ignore ) .
Some of you may be asking , “ But what about Time Machine ? ”
Well , to be honest , it did n’t work for me at first , and after 5 minutes of troubleshooting I got tired of it and gave up .
For those still curious as to how CrashPlan sizes up to Time Machine , you can find a comparison of the two options on CrashPlan ’s Web site .
Privacy —
My next overwhelming sense of loss ( and that which stays with me to this day ) was the loss of privacy .
I did use a program called KeePass to protect my passwords and some other private information ( I now use 1 Password , which offers far more features , such as autofill in login screens ) .
But what about my Quicken files ?
Or photos of my family ?
Contracts and other business documents ?
Suddenly all of that was in someone else ’s hands .
After about 5 days , I logged into the CrashPlan Central server and saw that all the files it was backing up had been deleted from my laptop .
Or at least , it simply could n’t find them anymore .
That was a small relief , but ultimately I do n’t really know what happened to the data , which leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth .
So here ’s how I ’m doing it differently on my new laptop .
First , in the Security pane of System Preferences , I turned on the checkboxes labeled “ Require password to wake this computer from sleep or screen saver ” and “ Disable automatic login . ”
Next , I created a new Guest Account in System Preferences .
In the guest account , I set up Parental Controls so a user can’t really do much beyond log in , use iLife , surf the Web , and so on .
More importantly , behind the scenes , I have granted MacTrak permission to run quietly .
The idea is that a thief , not being able to log into my account , will find that they can log into the Guest account , which will enable me to capture their whereabouts .
It may be a long shot , but it ’s better than nothing .
On top of that , I have used Firmware Password Utility to lock my firmware , stopping anyone from reformatting the hard drive , launching from an external disk , or even starting the laptop up as an external FireWire drive .
( For more information , see Apple ’s support article about setting up a firmware password . )
I ’m sure that the firmware password is surmountable , but hopefully any future thief wo n’t know how .
Going Further —
I ’ve implemented two other security options on my new computer .
First , before leaving for a recent overseas trip , I dug out an old Kensington cable lock that I bought about a decade ago but never got around to using .
Being able to lock my laptop to a table gives me a little extra peace of mind .
Second , here at home , I also have two fireproof media safes for backup DVDs and CDs .
Note that I said “ media safes ” – regular safes may be fireproof for paper , but electronic media will melt in them .
I had to get two because the space inside is tiny ( the majority of the safe is concrete or some other heavy and thick material ) .
There are still plenty of other security options I could choose to utilize .
For example , I know Mac OS X has FileVault , but the fact that it encrypts my entire home folder ( including gigabytes of photos and videos ) puts me off .
Yes , I could move photos and videos out of my home folder , but I ’m still not wild about FileVault .
Ultimately , I feel that the measures I ’ve taken are relatively inexpensive , easy to implement , and leave me with a comfortable sense of security .
Sure , the NSA could crack it , and yes , a meteor could still do some serious damage , but if some jerk steals my computer again I wo n’t hyperventilate or panic .
It ’ll be okay .
[ David Blatner is considered the world ’s most - recognized authority on Adobe InDesign and the co-host of the site InDesign Secrets . ]
Alison L. Des Forges , a human rights activist and historian who tried to call the world ’s attention to the looming genocide in Rwanda in 1994 and who later wrote what is considered the definitive account of the eventual slaughter of more than 500,000 Rwandans , was among the passengers killed Thursday when Continental Airlines Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo .
She was 66 and lived in Buffalo .
Her death was confirmed by Human Rights Watch , the New York - based advocacy group ; Dr. Des Forges was senior adviser for its Africa division for nearly 20 years .
Although she lived in Buffalo , Dr. Des Forges ( pronounced deh - FORZH ) spent much of her adult life in Rwanda and the Great Lakes region of Africa .
She was among a group of activists who investigated killings , kidnappings and other rights abuses of civilians in Rwanda from 1990 to 1993 .
In May 1994 , several weeks into the mass killing of Rwanda ’s Tutsi minority , Dr. Des Forges called for the killings to be officially declared a genocide .
By then about 200,000 people had been killed .
NASA 's climate - monitoring Terra satellite snapped this true - color photograph of the U.S. Northeast and Mid-Atlantic on Tuesday , just a day after a massive snowstorm blanketed the area .
( The state borders , of course , are superimposed . )
Terra 's MODIS ( Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ) instrument captured this image ; with the help of another MODIS instrument on a partner satellite , Aqua , NASA is able to fully cover the Earth every one to two days .
In February , Aqua 's MODIS team released a space - borne look at the bushfires then burning in southeastern Australia .
An analysis of the likely impact of the coming recession on workers ' lives and a rallying call for collective action to mitigate that impact .
The recession is here .
We 're told to tighten our belts and brace ourselves for redundancies , wage and service cuts .
Politicians and business leaders are united in saying we should pay for a crisis not of our making [ see box for a brief history of the crisis ] .
A recession is simply when the economy shrinks for 6 months in a row .
What this means for individual firms is a squeeze on profits , and we can be certain that unless we do anything about it , that ’s going to mean a squeeze on us , as our employers try to protect those profits .
Even public sector workers will feel the squeeze as the government tries to recover the billions already spent on bailing out the banking system , and to make ‘ efficiency savings ’ in the face of falling tax revenues .
But wait , is n’t Gordon Brown going to make the rich pay with higher taxes ?
You ’d certainly think so from the press .
The Times , on its front page no less , even pictured Brown waving the red flag of communism .
Alas , reality is rather different .
The Financial Times reassured its affluent readership with a more honest take on matters .
Of £ 104bn worth of clawbacks the government is expected to make , just £ 2bn is expected to come from taxing the rich .
That ’s less than 2 percent of the total , and even that does n’t take into account that the rich will try and pass on their burden by increasing their incomes at the expense of our wages .
It ’s also quietly forgotten that the top rate of income tax is still nearly 20 percent lower than under Margaret Thatcher ’s pro-rich government .
A further £ 18bn is planned to come from regressive taxes .
These are taxes that affect you more the less you earn .
No trouble for the rich here .
The rest is scheduled to come from public service cuts and wildly optimistic forecasts for a rapid economic recovery – when the recession has only just officially started !
[ Jan 09 ]
So behind the headlines the plan is clear ; they want to make us pay for their crisis .
So how is the recession going to affect us ?
Redundancies
One way in which the cost of the crisis is passed onto us is through redundancies .
Unemployment is predicted to increase to as much as 3 m in the next couple of years .
This means over a million people will lose their jobs .
Already the news is full of layoffs , and it ’s set to get worse .
Obviously redundancy hits those laid off in the pocket .
This is especially the case if they ’re agency staff or have n’t been in the job long , which means they do n’t get much , if any , redundancy pay .
But redundancies also hit those ‘ lucky ’ enough to keep their jobs as they have to work harder to make up .
Unemployment
Not content with mass layoffs , just when the economy is proving incapable of keeping people in work , the government is planning to cut benefits bills by punishing unemployed people for not finding jobs !
A recent report recommended that unemployed workers should be made to either look for work or do community service “ from 9 to 5 ” in order to earn their £ 60 dole money .
That works out at £ 1.50 an hour !
A whole host of other attacks are planned , such as forcing single parents with children over the age of one and many people currently signed off sick to look for work or have their benefits stopped .
Of course , the whole point of a recession is there ’s not many jobs to look for .
Wage cuts
Those of us who keep our jobs ca n’t expect to escape the punishment .
Wages will be attacked directly ; workers at JCB factories recently voted to take a £ 50 a week pay cut to avoid redundancies .
The company then made some more redundancies anyway .
This kind of ‘ between rock and a hard place ’ offer is likely to become more common with workers nervous about losing their jobs ; althought the JCB example makes it clear that bosses can't be trusted .
But wages can be cut in less visible ways too .
If workers can be made to work harder and faster , or longer days or through their breaks , we end up doing more work for the same pay .
This will often be making up for the work of colleagues made redundant , saving the boss cash .
Whenever your boss asks you to “ give 110 percent for the team , ” this is what they have in mind .
Of course we pay the price in stress and burnout , but at least we ’ve got a job , right ?
Public service cuts
A further £ 35bn of the government clawbacks are scheduled to come from public sector spending cuts .
This will mean cuts to public services and further attacks on public sector workers pay and conditions .
Front - line services are expected to be hit , so alongside the attacks on unemployment benefit , the health service is expected to be hit particularly hard alongside cutbacks to schools , social housing , energy efficiency programmes , GP surgeries and flood defences .
Of course if you can afford private healthcare and to move out of flood - risk areas , this probably wo n’t bother you .
For the rest of us it ’s bad news .
Repossessions and evictions
Another way the recession will hit us is through a rise in home repossessions and evictions as people fall behind on mortgage repayments and rent .
Repossessions are already at record levels , and set to rise further .
The government is encouraging banks , including those it now owns , to go easy on repossessions , effectively tolerating squatting .
No doubt they ’re conscious that chucking families out on the street is not likely to be popular .
But they ’re in a bind .
If they do n’t repossess people , why should anyone pay their mortgages at all ?
If the government steps in to nationalise the homes of mortgage defaulters as has been suggested , this just raises the amount they have to claw back through the other means discussed above .
The absurdity is we could see people being chucked out on the street while houses stand empty and ca n’t be sold .
So is it all doom and gloom ?
It does n’t have to be !
If we ’re honest , we ’re not in a very strong position and we ’re likely to take the brunt of this crisis unless we set about changing that .
There are various things we can do , ranging from simple things you ’re probably doing already to daring acts of collective action to win the things we need .
So …
Talk to your workmates - on your breaks or in the pub after work .
We ’re all in the same boat , just realising this is a step towards doing something about it .
When you realise your problems are n’t personal but social , all sorts of possibilities for mutual aid open up .
Beware bosses claiming they ’re in the same boat too ; who do you think they ’d throw overboard first ?
Network with other workers - in your area or sector .
Do you have friends or friends - of - friends working locally in the same sector as you ?
Consider going for a coffee or a pint to swap experiences and find out if there ’s anything you can learn from each other , or ways to help each other out ( like handing out leaflets at each others workplaces so the boss ca n’t victimise you ) .
Consider collective action .
Collective action covers a whole range of things , but the principle is that while on our own we are weak , when we act together we can achieve more than the sum of our parts .
Examples include going in a group to the manager 's office to support colleagues being made redundant or pressured into working longer or harder .
There ’s safety in numbers .
Or deciding with your workmates to ‘ work - to - contract ’ - taking your breaks and leaving on time in response to pressure to do more work .
It ’s easier to say no to the boss when you know your workmates are doing the same .
More dramatically , things like occupations can win major concessions .
When workers were laid off at a factory in Northern Ireland recently they occupied the plant for 48 hours demanding improved redundancy terms .
They won .
By acting together they turned the tables on the bosses , who expected them to go home alone and ‘ think things over . ’
Instead they showed the inevitable was n’t so inevitable .
It is n’t always easy to take collective action , but it starts from realising what we have in common with other workers , and what we do n’t have in common with the politicians and bosses trying to shift the costs of the crisis onto us .
We ca n’t fight back on our own , but together we have a chance .
Written for the Tea Break bulletin in December 2008 .
The number of collisions between birds and aircraft has rapidly increased over the last two decades , despite better technology to combat them .
The US Airways plane that improbably wound up floating in the Hudson
River has drawn attention to bird strikes , but a U.S. Department of Agriculture and Federal Aviation Administration joint report ( pdf ) , released in June of 2008 , warned that the danger birds pose to both commercial and military airplanes was on the rise .
According to the report , from 1990 to 2007 there were 82,057 bird strikes .
The trends in the collisions are disturbing as well :
In 1990 , the industry saw 1,738 bird strikes ; in 2007 , the number had increased to 7,666 .
Some of that trend is due to increased air travel , but the number of wildlife strikes has tripled from 0.527 to 1.751 per 10,000 flights .
Those numbers were brought into terrifyingly sharp relief when the US Airways jet appeared to have hit a flock of birds , causing malfunctions which necessitated a splash landing .
" We ’ve all known that it was just a matter of time .
You can quantify it , " said Barthell Joseph , a co-founder of Joseph Reed , which sells bird - deterrence technologies .
" You can take the number of bird strikes and you can take the trend of bird strikes and you can take the number of commercial flights and it ’s fairly simple to do the math . "
Growing populations of birds and humans in the same areas have put the species on a collision course in the air that ’s almost always deadly for the birds and severely hazardous , if not fatal , to humans , too .
Human developments and bird - restoration programs have created new ecological niches that some bird species have jumped in to fill .
In particular , the Canada goose population is proving particularly problematic .
Their numbers have ballooned to more than 3.5 million , and the birds do n’t migrate , they stick around our cities .
Many of the geese along the eastern seaboard are closer to feral than wild .
After their forebears were nearly hunted to extinction , many domesticated birds were released into the wild ( pdf ) , creating a specific population of geese uniquely suited to the " current landscaping techniques " of our urban and suburban landscapes .
In the map at the right , you can see that most of the country is seeing large annual increases goose populations .
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Report ( linked above ) found that the population of Canada geese in the eastern United States increased at a rate of 14 percent a year from 1989 through 2004 .
The rising bird numbers are overwhelming the efforts of airport operations managers to cope with the problem , despite increasingly sophisticated technology to scare the birds away .
Joseph also said that the Federal Aviation Administration was n’t taking the bird strike problem seriously .
A small group of individuals at airports and other organizations , like the U.S. Navy , are studying the situation on their own through the Bird Strike Committee , a group dedicated to " understanding and reducing bird and other wildlife hazards to aircraft . "
" Strikes are happening daily but you ’re not seeing major damaging strikes , which are causing loss of human life or loss of the airplane , "
said John Ostrom , chair of the Bird Strike Committee and manager of Air Side Operations at the Minneapolis / St. Paul
Airport .
" It ’s out there , every single day . "
The danger of the strikes has led Ostrom to spend his roughly
$ 200,000 wildlife deterrence budget on a system of remote - controlled propane cannons made by Joseph Reed .
The system , called Scare Wars , is composed of remote - controlled propane cannons that line runways at 1,000 foot intervals .
The cannons , which produce 130 decibels of sound at 10 meters , can be fired from the control room with the aid of closed - circuit television cameras .
As the propane cannons fire , the solar - panel powered units also emit distress calls from a variety of bird species .
An older introductory video to the Scare Wars system can be seen in the video above .
Ostrom also said that new types of radar , like QinetiQ ’s " Automatic Runway Debris Detection " system were being explored to combat bird strikes .
" Right now , the thing that ’s being looked at the most is the use of RADAR at airports to try to assess the situational awareness with regard to what do you have out there in your airspace , " Ostrom said , but he noted that for now , wildlife management is still a " hands - on , boots - on - the - ground type operation . "
Further bird behavioral changes are another wild card in the bird - strike management equation .
Climate change is transforming the traditional migratory patterns and natural habitats of many birds , according to numerous scientific reports like the USDA ’s " Atlas of Climate Change Effects in 150 Bird Species of the Eastern United States . " ( pdf )
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
CORRECTION : ' Leaked ' Gaza bombing video misdated RAW STORY
Published : Sunday January 4 , 2009
Print This Email This On Sunday , RAW STORY ran video of a bombing in Gaza purported to be recent footage leaked from an exiled Palestinian blogger .
We removed the video from the site early Sunday and issued a correction but the original was deleted in a database without the actual html file being removed , so the original persisted through Monday morning without our notice .
The footage is the aftermath of a devastating bombing taking place in a market , said to have been taken on Saturday .
According to Haitham Sabbah , it was taken " immediately after a terrorist Israeli air strike hit a busy market where kids with their mothers and fathers were searching for food to eat from one of the local markets early on Saturday 03 , Jan 2009 . "
The source was in error .
The footage was actually taken on September 23 , 2005 at the Jabaliya refugee camp , described as a bombing of a parade that killed at least 15 Palestinians .
Israel denied responsibility , and the ruling Palestinian Fatah blamed Hamas .
We apologize for the error .
Entertainment
Utada tries US market again
Posted
Mar .
16 - Japan 's pop princess , Utada , makes her third attempt to crack the U.S. market with her new album , " This is the One . "
Lou Dobbs Tonight - March 25 , 2009
DOBBS : A congressional battle has been joined over the president 's budget now .
Joining me is Senator Judd Gregg , Senator Gregg , Mr. Obama 's designee for commerce secretary .
Senator Gregg withdrew his name last month , citing differences over policies .
Senator , it is great to have you with us .
You have said this budget is basically going to lead to the bankruptcy of the nation , correct ?
SEN .
JUDD GREGG ( R ) , NEW HAMPSHIRE :
Well , it could .
Because of the fact that it puts on the books a massive amount of debt .
It doubles our national debt in five years , triples it in 10 years .
And as far as the eye can see , essentially , it is running deficits of over $ 1 trillion a year .
And you just can't afford that .
We get up to -- it 's a technical term , but we get up to a public debt ratio to GDP of 80 percent , which is about twice what most people think is sustainable .
And if we maintain that level , which is projected in the president 's budget , you basically -- you 're running a banana republic is what it comes down to .
You can't afford to pay those debts .
DOBBS : Let 's share with our viewers -- because this is critically -- the frustrating thing about the budget is that it is a blueprint , a fiscal blueprint , but it is also a social and political document , of course .
GREGG : Very much so .
DOBBS : But if we could put up this full screen , please , to show precisely what Senator Gregg just said .
This is the cumulative debt that will result over time from these deficits , reaching $ 9.3 trillion by 2019 .
And as you suggest , the current budget at $ 4.4 trillion .
This kind of money , Senator , can Congress -- the chairman of the Budget Committee , I mean , he is saying to this president , a member of his party , he 's saying to the president , do n't do this , this is crazy .
Yet there seems to be no hesitation whatsoever on the part of the administration .
GREGG : Well , I think the president 's made it very clear that he intends to take the government very aggressively to the left here , basically expanding its size dramatically , extending its burden dramatically , expanding the tax burden , not for the purpose of reducing the deficit .
Ironically , when Bill Clinton increased taxes , he used it to reduce the deficit , but the Obama proposal basically increases taxes in order to grow the size of the government .
And it grows it so fast that it basically outpaces our ability to pay for it , in my opinion .
And that 's why we 've got this looming issue , which is going to be very difficult for our children to deal with , which is they 're going to have a debt that far exceeds their capacity to pay it .
DOBBS : The president has again said that he will reduce the deficit by half during the -- this first term as president .
I ...
GREGG : Well , that 's true , but it 's a little -- it 's not really -- it 's not a real victory , because basically what he 's doing is he 's taking a debt -- and it 's going up to $ 1.3 trillion .
He 's reducing it to $ 700 billion .
So you 're basically taking four steps backwards and two steps forward .
So that means you 're still going backwards , and that 's the problem here .
DOBBS : And there seems to be another problem as well , Senator .
And that would be the percentage of growth in our economy .
This is the president , who , until two weeks ago , was talking with the direst of language about our economy , talking about catastrophe , disaster and depression .
And he projects -- and his Office of Management and Budget project the GDP to be growing at over 3 percent by next year , that he also projects a 4 percent GDP growth rate in the year following .
If those are realistic numbers , hallelujah for all of us , but they seem extraordinarily optimistic .
GREGG : Well , they are the sunny side of a rosy scenario .
Let 's hope he 's right .
But even if he is right , even if they hit those numbers , they 're still going to be running deficits , according to the CBO , that will range in the trillion - dollar range .
I mean , you just can't -- the reason you can't close this down is because he 's expanding the size of the government so quickly , the spending of the government so quickly .
He openly admits , if you listen to his press conference last night , that he intends to increase spending in a variety of areas because he thinks government spending creates prosperity .
Well , I happen to take the view that government spending does n't really create prosperity unless it 's restrained and affordable .
And the problem -- that 's the difference of opinion here .
We do n't happen to think , people of my party , that you can spend this type of money , run up this type of debt , increase taxes this way , and expect the prosperity to follow .
In fact , what follows probably is stagnation , and a lot of pressure on our children to have a big debt that they probably can't afford to pay .
DOBBS : Senator Gregg , when you put it in partisan terms like that , though , is your credibility diminished ?
Because under the Bush administration and the Republican Congress , when your party was in charge , I mean , admittedly there was a war and is a war in Afghanistan and Iraq , but the spending and the size of the government rose extraordinarily during the eight years of the Bush administration .
GREGG : And you 're absolutely right , Lou .
And I voted against almost all of it .
But as a very practical matter , we were not good shepherds , we were not good stewards on the spending side of the ledger as a party when we had control of the government .
But that does n't mean that should be compounded this way .
Because if you take all the debt run up in this country between George Washington and George W. Bush , all of it , President Obama is suggesting doubling that in five years and tripling it in 10 years .
So even though we probably were n't very good stewards -- we were n't -- on the spending side of the ledger , what you 're seeing here is an explosion in the size of the government as we have a presidency which really wants to move very aggressively in increasing the size of the government .
DOBBS : Senator Judd Gregg , we appreciate you being with us .
GREGG : Thank you , Lou .
Astronaut John Glenn , the first American to orbit Earth , is shown here in NASA 's first spacesuit , designed for the Mercury programme ( 1958 - 1963 ) .
The suits were adapted from US Navy pressure suits for high - altitude flights and not designed to be worn on spacewalks .
That 's because the suits folded in on themselves at the joints , decreasing the volume in the suit .
That increased the pressure in the rest of the suit , making it hard for astronauts to bend their legs or arms .
As a result , the suits were used only as protection against emergency losses of pressure .
( Image : NASA Headquarters )
Spacesuit design took a step forward during NASA 's Gemini programme , which featured the agency 's first spacewalk on 3 June 1965 .
To insulate astronauts from the low pressures and temperature extremes of space , Gemini suits boasted extra layers and balloon - like " bladders " filled with gas to maintain pressure , while also maintaining flexibility .
Gus Grissom ( left ) and John Young , the crew of the first manned Gemini mission , a five - hour orbital flight on 23 March 1965 , are shown here in the suits , which are attached to portable air conditioners to keep the astronauts cool .
( Image : NASA Johnson Space Center )
The acid test for the Gemini spacesuit came on 3 June 1965 , when astronaut Edward White ventured from the capsule for a 23 - minute spacewalk - the first such foray for a US astronaut .
White used a gas - powered gun to manoeuvre in space .
Oxygen was provided through an 8 - metre ' umbilical ' cord connected to the Gemini 4 spacecraft .
( Image : NASA Johnson Space Center ) Advertisement
To allow lunar explorers greater flexibility , the Apollo suits were built with bellow - like rubber joints at the shoulders , hips , elbows and knees .
Here engineer Bill Peterson fits test pilot Bob Smyth in an early incarnation of the Apollo suit in 1964 .
The dark straps are part of a restraint harness for the Lunar Excursion Module .
( Image : NASA Johnson Space Center )
By the time of the first Moon landing in 1969 , the Apollo suits boasted a backpack that provided enough oxygen for breathing , ventilation and suit pressure for 7 hours of Moon walking .
Astronaut Buzz Aldrin is pictured here exploring the lunar surface during the Apollo 11 mission .
Although the suits performed well in the six missions to land on the Moon , lunar dust became a worry .
Astronauts reported that sharp , abrasive lunar dust damaged the suits , wearing through layers and infiltrating seals .
The Apollo suit had to be relatively light so that astronauts could move around in the Moon 's gravity and weighed about 82 kg ( 180 pounds ) , including its backpack .
Later space shuttle suits , by comparison , were more than 1.5 times as heavy - but they were worn in the weightless environment of low - Earth orbit .
( Image : NASA Kennedy Space Center )
NASA astronauts now use a two - piece spacesuit for spacewalks called the Extravehicular Mobility Unit ( EMU ) .
Unlike the Apollo suits , which were custom - made to fit each astronaut , the EMU has interchangeable parts that can be used to accommodate a range of body sizes .
The EMU is pressurised at about a third of atmospheric pressure , so astronauts must camp out in a relatively low - pressure airlock before spacewalks to remove nitrogen dissolved in the blood and tissues .
Moving too quickly to lower pressures can cause that nitrogen gas to create bubbles and obstruct blood flow , which can sometimes be fatal .
The suit can weigh about 180 kg ( 400 lb ) and operate for about 8 hours in space .
It has a lifetime of 30 years .
( Image : NASA Johnson Space Center )
NASA 's EMU suits are not the only gear used for spacewalks .
Here , astronaut Mike Fincke wears a Russian Orlan suit while performing work outside the International Space Station during the six - month Expedition 9 mission in 2004 .
( He and cosmonaut Gennady Padalka were originally going to use US suits but discovered problems with the suits , including a failed cooling unit . )
Unlike NASA 's EMU suits , which have separate pants and torso sections , Orlan suits are entered through a hatch at the back .
That allows astronauts to get into and out of them quickly without assistance .
The suit weighs nearly 110 kg ( 240 pounds ) , can spend 7 hours in space and is designed to last for 12 spacewalks .
( Image : NASA )
China 's Feitan suit had a public debut in September 2008 , when one of the astronauts aboard the Shenzhou 7 performed the country 's first spacewalk .
The spacesuit is reportedly modelled after Russia 's Orlan suit .
Here one of the Shenzhou 7 crew members emerges from the spacecraft after landing in north China .
( Image : China National Space Administration )
Gloves are possibly the most important part of the spacesuit from an astronaut 's perspective .
In addition to cranking levers and handling power drills , astronauts use their hands - rather than their feet - as their primary mode of " walking " around their spacecraft during spacewalks .
The gloves are pressurised , making it difficult for astronauts to move their fingers .
The Apollo spacesuits used two sets of gloves - an inner layer ( left ) consisting of cloth - covered pressure bladders , and an outer layer made of cloth , Mylar and a metallic mesh .
The outer gloves were used on spacewalks to protect against micrometeorites , scratches and heat .
( Image : NASA - JSC )
In May 2007 , engineer Peter Homer of Southwest Harbor , Maine , won $ 200,000 when his design for a spacesuit glove beat NASA 's in an agency - sponsored competition .
His company , Flagsuit LLC , is building on that design and is working with the firm Orbital Outfitters on spacesuits for suborbital tourist trips .
Homer says that unlike current gloves , which are pleated in a way that causes the fingers to curve like a banana , his gloves bend at the same points where our fingers do .
That makes it easier for astronauts to move their fingers - important since spacewalks are so labour - intensive that they often leave astronauts ' hands bruised and their fingernails bent backwards .
( Image : Flagsuit.com )
For decades , NASA has been working intermittently on a next - generation spacesuit that will offer more flexibility and could be used at higher pressures , to eliminate the need for camping out before spacewalks , or breathing in pure oxygen to avoid decompression sickness , or the bends .
The Mark III suit ( left ) , one prototype that began development in the late 1980s , boasts a rear - entry system and bearings at the joints to allow astronauts the ability to kneel and perform other tasks .
In the push to return to the Moon , NASA signed a contract in February 2009 with the firm Oceaneering International , Inc , to develop suits for the crew of the shuttle 's replacement , the Orion capsule , which is set to fly as early as 2015 .
Long - time spacesuit developer Hamilton Sundstrand contested the award , but the two firms now plan to work together on the suits , which are intended to share components with a future suit to be designed for the Moon ( right ) .
( Image and illustration : NASA )
By Kim Ghattas
BBC News , Washington
Hillary Clinton will have to walk a fine line during her visit Hillary Clinton arrived in Egypt on Sunday evening for her first foray , as US secretary of state , into the complex politics of the Middle East .
While the main reason for her trip is to attend an aid conference for the reconstruction of Gaza in Sharm el -
Sheikh , she will also meet Arab leaders on the sidelines of that meeting .
Mrs Clinton will then travel to Israel and the Palestinian territories to meet leaders from both sides and also students , during an event similar to the kind she held throughout her maiden trip to Asia .
America's top diplomat is no stranger to the region and she will find some of the same actors on stage .
As first lady during Bill Clinton 's presidency , she came out early in support of a Palestinian state and , in some way , she will be picking up where her husband left off in 2000 when he failed to nail down a peace deal .
In 1999 an ill - timed embrace with Soha , wife of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , backfired at home as she campaigned to become a New York senator .
Once elected as a representative of a state with a large Jewish vote she took a more hawkish position , and often drew praise from the pro-Israeli lobby group AIPAC for her stands on Israel and the conflict .
Old acquaintance Today , Israelis , Arabs and Middle East - watchers will decipher Mrs Clinton 's every word to determine whether she is the woman who embraced Soha Arafat or the pro-Jewish NY senator .
Mr Netanyahu reportedly lectured Mr Clinton about the Arab - Israeli conflict Mrs Clinton will have to walk a fine line , but some observers argue that - more than 15 years later - it is easier to bridge the two positions , now that the call for a Palestinian state is commonplace .
The situation on the ground is no less complex .
And the man whose ire she drew in 1995 , by saying that the Palestinians should get a " functioning modern state that is on the same footing as other states " in the interest of peace in the region , is back in the saddle .
As Israeli prime minister back then , Benjamin Netanyahu replied tersely that " our position on this is well known " , even as White House press officials scrambled to insist that Mrs Clinton was not reflecting administration policy .
As prime minister - designate today , Mr Netanyahu is willing to engage the Palestinians , according to his Likud ally Silvan Shalom , but will not agree in advance to the two - state solution advocated by international powers since the Oslo accords of 1993 .
Mrs Clinton probably remembers that when her husband and " Bibi " Netanyahu were both in power , relations between the US and Israel suffered a rift .
During their first meeting in 1996 , Bibi lectured Bill about the Arab - Israeli conflict , drawing an angry reaction from the American president , according to a book , Much Too Promised Land , by a former special envoy to the Middle East , Aaron Miller .
Mr Clinton is quoted as saying : " Who the [ expletive deleted ] does he think he is ?
Who 's the [ expletive deleted ] superpower here ? "
' In listening mode '
The new US administration , full of former Clintonites , may be apprehensive about dealing with Mr Netanyahu again .
She [ Hillary Clinton ] will likely keep her comments to a minimum which begs the question of why go there ?
Daniel Levy
Former Israeli negotiator But Mrs Clinton will steer clear of Israeli domestic politics during her scheduled meetings with all the country 's current leaders , among them Ehud Olmert , who is still the prime minister , and Tzipi Livni , the foreign minister who won the elections by one seat over Mr Netanyahu but failed to put together a coalition .
" This is a sensitive time in Israeli politics as they seek to form a government , but I will take the opportunity to reaffirm the strength of the US - Israel relationship and talk about the best way to move peace forward , " Mrs Clinton said before leaving Washington .
Daniel Levy , a former Israeli negotiator and a fellow at the New American foundation in Washington , said Mrs Clinton would probably be in " listening mode " while in Israel .
" Anything she says can be construed as taking a stand on the coalition negotiations .
She will likely keep her comments to a minimum , which begs the question of why go there ? "
Gaza pledge
The timing of Mrs Clinton 's visit to the region is mostly driven by the donors ' conference for Palestinians , in the aftermath of the Israeli military operation in Gaza in December and January .
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hopes to raise almost $ 3bn ( £ 2.1 bn ) for reconstruction efforts .
The US is expected to pledge 900 m ( £ 633 m ) in new money towards that effort .
Around 21,000 homes were destroyed or damaged during the Gaza conflict .
" I will be announcing a commitment to a significant aid package , " said Mrs Clinton .
" But it will only be spent if we determine that our goals can be furthered rather than undermined or subverted . "
The US and the EU , which both list Hamas as a terrorist organisation , have made clear they will not allow money to be channelled through the militant group which controls Gaza .
" We want to show we care about their plight [ the Palestinians ] and that we obviously do n't want civilians to suffer any more than they have .
" But we want to make clear that any contributions we make will not go to Hamas , " said a senior US official .
Delivering money and aid and promoting reconstruction in Gaza without any help from Hamas and without reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah , Mr Abbas ' moderate faction , will prove tricky .
Mr Levy also points out that no amount of money will make a difference if Israel continues to maintain the closure on Gaza 's borders and as long as the unilateral ceasefire remains shaky .
Humanitarian organisations , such as Oxfam and Care , have complained that the amount of aid currently reaching Gaza is well below the needs .
Israel is worried about " dual-use " items entering Gaza , but Michael Bailey , from Oxfam International , said the restrictions were too wide .
" We are talking about very simple things , " he told Reuters news agency .
" Since the war there has been no pasta , no lentils and no fruit juice allowed into Gaza .
There is no way in anybody 's imagination that these are dual - use items . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You do n’t need to be told that Denmark is weird – a country capable of producing Sandi Toksvig and Lego is certainly a country that should n’t be messed with .
But if you ask us , the new adverts for the Denmark Tourist Board have proved the country ’s weirdness for good .
California has Arnie and Rob Lowe , New Zealand has those awful British people repeating the word ‘ amazing ’ again and again to the sound of Forever Young and Denmark has , well , this .
Consider us troubled .
This is a sponsored article .
To see your viral featured on hecklerspray contact us .
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Table of Contents
Introduction
What is Log Shipping ?
Component of Log Shipping
Log Shipping Prerequisites
SQL Server 2005 Version that Supports Log Shipping
Introduction
For distributed database application environment , it is always required to synchronize different database servers , back up , copy Transaction Logs , etc .
If we are going to implement using application we have to put lots of efforts to build up the application .
SQL Server 2005 provides an advanced feature called Log Shipping .
Log shipping is an Automated Process for backing up , restoring , copying the transaction logs and synchronizing the database for distributed database server application which can improve the application performance and availability of database .
In my recent project , I have done some short of experiment on it .
I am going to explain it in this article .
What is Log Shipping ?
Log Shipping is used to synchronize the Distributed Database Server .
Synchronize the database by copying Transaction logs , Backing up , Restoring data .
SQL Server used SQL Server Job Agents for making those processes automatic .
Log Shipping does not involve automatic transfer of server if there is any failure .
This means it has just synchronized the databases but if the primary server fails , it will not redirect your application to a secondary server .
This has to be done manually .
The main functions of Log Shipping are as follows :
Backing up the transaction log of the primary database
Copying the transaction log backup to each secondary server
Restoring the transaction log backup on the secondary database
Components of Log Shipping
For implementing Log Shipping , we need the following components - Primary Database Server , Secondary Database Server , and Monitor Server .
Primary Database Server : Primary Sever is the Main Database Server or SQL Server Database Engine , which is being accessed by the application .
Primary Server contains the Primary Database or Master Database .
Secondary Database Server : Secondary Database Server is a SQL Server Database Engine or a different Server that contains the backup of primary database .
We can have multiple secondary severs based on business requirements .
Monitor Server : Monitor Server is a SQL Server Database Engine which Track the Log Shipping process .
We can have different SQL Servers for each of these servers or we can use a single server for these three .
In my example , I have used a single server for these three .
You can start Log Shipping by Right Click on Database > Properties > Transaction Log Shipping > Select Check Box , and Configure your settings .
Use the following settings for more configurations :
Configure Secondary Server :
Log Shipping Prerequisites
Must have at least two Database Servers or two SQL Server 2005 Database Engines .
Configuration user should have Admin privilege on that server
SQL Server Agent Service Configured properly
Configuration mode of Primary database should be a Full or Bulk Logged recovery model .
Shared folder for copying the transaction logs .
SQL Server 2005 Version that Supports Log Shipping
SQL Server 2005 Version Available SQL Server 2005 Enterprise Edition Yes SQL Server 2005 Workgroup Edition Yes SQL Server 2000 Standard Edition Yes SQL Server 2005 Developer Edition Yes SQL Server 2005 Express Edition No
Reference
History
" Do you want to see my flashlight ? "
Five - year - old Beatrice Rienhoff bounds into the foyer of her family 's home , sporting a blond Prince Valiant haircut and a bashful smile .
She plops down on the floor and starts unscrewing the top of her toy flashlight , eager to show off its innards .
Her hazel eyes brim with curiosity .
Beatrice looks like any other healthy preschooler until she leaps into her father 's arms for a hug .
As she does , her shorts push up a bit , exposing her legs .
They are , as her dad calls them , " little bird legs , " entirely lacking in visible muscle .
There is no curve of calf or quadricep , just twiggy bones pressed against flesh .
It 's surprising that Beatrice can get around so fluidly on such gaunt limbs .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
After climbing down from the embrace , Beatrice removes her sneakers , revealing soft orthopedic braces wrapped around slender , stretched - out feet .
Her older brother MacCallum , perched on a nearby sofa , suggests it may be time for a new pair of braces .
Hugh , whose neat gray hair and ruddy skin give him a J.
Crew vibe , squats to conduct a close inspection .
He quickly sees that MacCallum is right — the balls of Beatrice 's feet jut beyond the edges of the braces .
This is a minor issue compared to the serious health problems that have vexed Beatrice during her brief life .
She was born with a rare genetic disorder , and at one point the Rienhoffs feared she might never walk , let alone run and skip .
Physical therapy has helped tremendously , but even today Beatrice struggles to climb stairs , and her muscles remain alarmingly frail .
Hugh also has good reason to worry about her heart — the disease could dilate the aorta , with fatal results .
Nobody can say for sure what lies ahead for Beatrice , because no one really knows what 's wrong with her .
Hugh has taken her to see some of the nation 's finest medical experts in hopes of finding a diagnosis , but the doctors have all been baffled by the girl 's strange array of symptoms .
This has left her in a sort of diagnostic purgatory , making her illness all the more fearsome and traumatic .
Families facing this kind of medical uncertainty are often paralyzed by their distress .
But rather than give in to his anguish , Hugh Rienhoff made an extraordinary decision :
He would dig into Beatrice 's genetic code and find the answer himself .
A biotechnology consultant by day , Rienhoff has been an avid student of clinical genetics since he earned his medical degree nearly 30 years ago .
Now he has used this expertise to transform his Bay Area home into a makeshift genetics lab .
Surrounded by his children 's artwork and bookshelves loaded with his wife 's political literature , Rienhoff set about sequencing a number of Beatrice 's genes , preparing samples using secondhand equipment and turning to public databases to interpret the results .
On the desk in his attic workspace are a pair of white binders stuffed with charts detailing 20,000 of Beatrice 's base pairs ; the data for nearly 1 billion can be accessed from a nearby PC .
Whenever he has a spare moment , Rienhoff sequesters himself in this cluttered , carpeted room and sifts through his daughter 's DNA , one nucleotide at a time .
He is hunting for the single genetic quirk responsible for Beatrice 's woes — an adenine in place of a guanine , perhaps , or an extra cytosine in a key location .
If he can find the culprit , he figures , maybe he can find a treatment , too .
It is an overwhelming task .
" The human genome , " Rienhoff says , " is still a wilderness . "
Despite all the well - publicized advances of the past two decades , precious little is known about the genetic variants that cause even the most common maladies , to say nothing of the rare , sometimes one - of - a- kind diseases that afflict children like Beatrice .
As a result , up to 40 percent of special - needs kids will never receive a precise diagnosis .
" It 's agonizing to have a child with a degenerative disease and not even be able to figure out what it is or what 's causing it or what the course of it will be , " says David Clapham , a friend of Rienhoff 's and a research professor at Children 's Hospital Boston , whose son Ben died of an undiagnosed neurological disorder at the age of 9 .
" It 's like winning the lottery in reverse . "
Not everyone thinks Rienhoff 's quest is worthwhile .
Some geneticists believe that desperation is leading him to a dead end .
Rienhoff understands this view , and at times even suspects that his doubters — some of whom are good friends — may be right .
But even if his odds of success are minuscule , he argues , there is nothing to be gained by standing on the sidelines .
In his view , parents must be their children 's greatest advocates , the people whose love keeps them pushing for answers when the medical establishment has essentially surrendered .
And to Rienhoff , being the father who never relents is itself a noble goal .
" In the end , " he says , " this is simply about the extra ways a daddy can love his little girl . "
Family life came late for Rienhoff , after decades devoted to science .
He earned an MD from Johns Hopkins University , where his mentor was Victor McKusick , arguably the greatest medical geneticist of the 20th century .
After residency , Rienhoff took a post as a genetics researcher at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle before entering the business realm .
He spent most of the 1990s as a partner at New Enterprise Associates , a venture capital firm , then founded DNA Sciences , a Silicon Valley company that developed genetic screening tools .
He left DNA Sciences in 2001 , two years before the company filed for Chapter 11 and was sold off ; today he advises biotech startups on drug - development strategies .
Rienhoff married Lisa Hane , a union organizer , in 1998 .
Later that year she gave birth to their first son , Colston , who was followed by a brother , MacCallum , two and a half years later .
By early 2003 , Hane was pregnant yet again .
She was 41 , her husband 50 .
Because older parents ( both men and women ) are more likely to have children with genetic disorders , Hane 's pregnancy was closely monitored .
An early fetal ultrasound revealed a large nuchal translucency — a thickness at the back of the neck that indicates an increased likelihood of chromosomal abnormalities such as Down syndrome .
But encouraging results from other tests , including amniocentesis and an electrocardiogram , allayed the family 's fears .
Beatrice was born that December , and seconds after her birth , Rienhoff knew something was wrong .
Her fingers were tightly clenched , there was a big port - wine stain splashed across her face , and her feet were abnormally long .
Long feet are indicative of Marfan syndrome , a connective - tissue disorder that Rienhoff had often encountered while training at Johns Hopkins .
Marfan patients grow up to be unusually tall and long - limbed , with dangerously enlarged aortas .
( Historians have long debated over whether Abraham Lincoln suffered from the disease .
)
Rienhoff 's dread subsided , however , after receiving good news from the delivery - room staff : Beatrice had aced the Apgar test — an exam that measures a newborn 's respiration and reflexes — and her height and weight were normal .
Relieved , Rienhoff let himself get swept up in the elation of becoming a father for the third time .
Ten days after the birth , Rienhoff and Hane took Beatrice to an orthopedic surgeon to evaluate her contracted fingers .
The doctor noted that the girl seemed to have some of the symptoms of Beals syndrome , a condition related to Marfan but far less serious and caused by a slightly different mutation — the alteration responsible for Marfan is located in the gene for fibrillin - 1 ( FBN1 ) , whereas the Beals alteration is in the gene for fibrillin - 2 ( FBN2 ) .
After carefully observing Beatrice over the next few days , Rienhoff wondered whether the diagnosis fit .
Her fingers aside , the girl was quite flexible ; such agility is never found in Beals patients , who cannot extend their long joints .
Rienhoff eventually emailed the syndrome 's namesake , orthopedic surgeon Rodney Beals , who concurred that Beatrice probably did n't have the disease
At around eight weeks , Beatrice 's limbs and torso were still almost entirely devoid of muscle tone .
By the 12 - week mark , she exhibited virtually no head control when propped upright .
" She was supposed to firm up by about three months , but she just stayed limp , " Hane says .
Worst of all , Beatrice also was n't putting on any weight .
In April 2004 , Beatrice was admitted to the hospital for " failure to thrive , " a catchall condition .
The medical team took the unusual step of ordering an MRI of the infant 's head , to determine whether a neurological deformity was causing her muscle - tone issues .
But her brain was fine .
With the doctors hopelessly bewildered , Rienhoff hit the books .
" Hugh 's way of dealing with the stress was to say , ' Let 's figure out what 's going on , ' " Hane says .
" He 's a very action - oriented person ; he 's a problem solver . "
The family attic soon brimmed with dog-eared copies of Science and primers on genetic syndromes .
For a while , Rienhoff wondered whether an intestinal parasite was gobbling up Beatrice 's food before she could digest it .
Later he suspected that she might have a mitochondrial disease .
He started her on a regimen of coenzyme Q10 , an over - the - counter treatment .
There was no improvement .
Rather than visit yet another Bay Area physician , Rienhoff emailed an acquaintance from his Johns Hopkins days , David Valle , director of the Institute of Genetic Medicine at the university .
Valle agreed to see Beatrice , so father and daughter flew to Baltimore in March 2005 .
Beatrice was examined by Valle and a bow - tied colleague named Tyler Reimschisel .
To Rienhoff 's puzzlement , the two geneticists spent an inordinately long time peering down Beatrice 's throat .
Eventually they called for a third doctor , a Belgian named Bart Loeys , to join them .
Loeys seemed gravely concerned by what he saw in Beatrice 's throat .
" I have a pretty good idea what this might be , " he said .
" We need to do an echocardiogram right away — today , this afternoon . "
Loeys explained that Beatrice was likely suffering from a disorder named after himself and Harry Dietz , yet another Johns Hopkins geneticist .
Loeys - Dietz syndrome is characterized by many of the same symptoms as Marfan and Beals syndromes , but the mutation is not found in the FBN1 or FBN2 genes but rather in two receptor genes for transforming growth factor beta , or TGF -ß .
( A receptor is a structure on a cellular wall that provides a binding site for molecules . )
All of these genes play vital roles in the same metabolic pathway , the TGF -ß signaling pathway , which regulates the growth and proliferation of cells .
One telltale sign of Loeys - Dietz is a forked uvula — the cone - shaped blob of tissue that hangs at the entry to the throat .
Other examiners had noted that there was nothing peculiar about Beatrice 's uvula , but the Johns Hopkins team discovered otherwise .
By coincidence , Rienhoff had already scheduled an echocardiogram back in San Francisco for later in the week .
He promised to keep Loeys apprised of the results ; Loeys , in turn , gave Rienhoff a paper on the syndrome that had recently appeared in the scientific journal Nature Genetics .
Most of the plane ride home was spent playing games with 15 - month - old Beatrice , whose illness has had no effect on her intellectual development .
But toward the end of the flight , Rienhoff finally managed to scan the Loeys - Dietz paper .
It was a horrifying read :
The syndrome , which warps the aorta and twists the arteries , is far deadlier than Marfan .
The average patient dies before the age of 27 .
" Even though I 'm not a religious guy , " Rienhoff says , " I was praying that she did n't have it . "
She did not .
The echocardiogram showed that Beatrice 's aorta was fine .
Follow - up genetics tests confirmed she did n't have the specific TGF -ß receptor mutations characteristic of the disease , either .
But after the Loeys - Dietz scare , Rienhoff became convinced that the TGF -ß signaling pathway must be involved in Beatrice 's case .
She now had verified symptoms from three diseases linked to abnormalities in the pathway — the Marfanoid feet , the clenched fingers from Beals , and the bifurcated uvula from Loeys - Dietz .
But the problem most affecting her day - to - day quality of life was simple weakness .
Rienhoff was determined to figure out whether there was any connection between skeletal muscle and TGF -ß signaling .
He turned his attention to myostatin , a protein that prevents muscles from growing too wildly and which is a chemical cousin of TGF -ß .
Mice stripped of myostatin become rodent versions of Arnold Schwarzenegger circa Pumping Iron .
Perhaps Beatrice was suffering from a genetic defect that was affecting her myostatin production .
As it happens , Rienhoff knew the man who discovered myostatin , a Johns Hopkins molecular biologist named Se - Jin Lee .
The two had first crossed paths during Rienhoff 's residency .
" He called to describe his daughter and her circumstances , " Lee says , " and told me that he was thinking about the role of myostatin in the TGF -ß pathway . "
Lee sent Rienhoff a journal article on the protein ; he was amazed at Rienhoff 's voracious appetite for the complex topic .
DIY DNA Convinced his daughter 's illness was connected to the protein myostatin , Hugh Rienhoff decided to examine the genes that affect myostatin production himself .
Step 1 Rienhoff took vials of Beatrice 's blood to a Stanford lab , where he extracted the girl 's DNA by spinning the blood in centrifuges .
Step 2
Back home , Rienhoff ran the DNA through a polymerase chain reaction machine .
It starts by heating the samples , splitting the double - stranded DNA into two single strands .
Step 3 Rienhoff applied chemical primers to the split DNA .
These primers , which he designed and purchased online , flagged the genes Rienhoff was targeting .
The PCR machine then used a type of enzyme called a DNA polymerase to amplify just the marked segments .
Step 4
Rienhoff sent 50 - microliter tubes of the amplified DNA to a contract lab , which posted the sequence data on a secure server .
Step 5 Rienhoff printed out the data — 20,000 base pairs of DNA — and compared it with a reference genome stored on Ensembl , an online British database .
In the spring of 2006 , the Rienhoffs made another trip to Baltimore to meet with Harry Dietz , who remained intrigued by Beatrice 's case despite her normal echocardiogram and genetic tests ruling out Loeys - Dietz disease .
Dietz still worried that the girl might have a fatal heart defect , and he asked Rienhoff to schedule a CT scan of her cardiovascular system .
Rienhoff balked ; CT scans use x-rays , and Rienhoff was reluctant to expose Beatrice to a large dose of radiation .
The two men compromised :
In lieu of a CT scan , they scheduled another MRI .
And they deferred the appointment until the following January .
But Rienhoff did n't like the MRI plan either — because of her age , Beatrice would have to undergo general anesthesia to ensure she remained still in the machine .
He had about eight months to come up with a good reason to cancel the appointment .
He focused more keenly on myostatin .
There are three receptors , known as activin receptors , that are thought to be critical to myostatin regulation : ACVR1B , ACVR2 , and ACVR2B .
Rienhoff wondered whether one of these genes was flawed in Beatrice , causing her body 's myostatin system to go haywire .
There was one way to find out : Examine her DNA .
Activin receptors are fairly well - understood genes , so a problematic alteration would likely stand out .
Rienhoff first asked Lee to do the DNA sequencing .
But Lee declined on bureaucratic grounds .
Professors who wish to work with human genetic material need clearance from their university 's institutional review board .
This onerous approval processes can take months , and there was no guarantee Lee would get the OK .
Rienhoff was also turned down by several other doctors , including some acquaintances , who were frankly troubled by the request .
They pointed out that myostatin had never been associated with human disease , so Rienhoff 's hypothesis was far - fetched , bordering on foolish .
The sequencing venture struck them as futile .
" There were a few people who did n't want to get involved , " Rienhoff says .
" They think it 's peripheral or wacky science . "
Some skeptics were also disturbed by the notion of a father conducting , in essence , an experiment on his child : " When you start telling people it 's your daughter , it weirds them out , " Rienhoff says .
" They 're thinking that maybe you 're going over the line a bit in your zealousness , maybe you 're sacrificing your commitment to good science . "
By late 2006 , it was clear to Rienhoff that if he wanted to get Beatrice 's activin receptors sequenced , he'd have to do it himself .
As any fan of CSI knows , polymerase chain reaction is a method for replicating a snippet of DNA , amplifying it over and over until there 's enough genetic material to be sequenced .
By making inquiries with local surplus brokers , Rienhoff discovered he could buy a secondhand PCR machine for less than a MacBook .
He ended up purchasing a full working model for just $ 750 .
Obtaining additional supplies , like the PCR reagents , for his experiment was tougher .
Some chemical companies did n't want to ship to a private address , so Rienhoff pretended his house was the headquarters of the fictional Institute for Future Study .
Rienhoff went to friend 's lab at Stanford and used the centrifuges there to extract DNA from a sample of Beatrice 's blood .
He then took the genetic material home and put his PCR equipment to work .
The machine first blasted the genetic material with heat , splitting the double - stranded DNA into two separate strands .
Then chemical primers , which Rienhoff had designed and purchased on Integrated DNA Technologies ' publicly accessible PrimerQuest Web site , were added to the mix .
They were coded specifically to amplify the genes that Rienhoff was focused on — the three activin receptors .
This process , repeated many times over , created millions of copies of Beatrice 's activin receptor genes , giving him a sample large enough for reliable sequencing .
While Rienhoff could spring for his own PCR machine , a used gene sequencer ( assuming he could find one ) would cost around $ 100,000 .
So he found a university lab ( which he declines to identify ) that would sequence the genes he had amplified , for $ 3.50 per 50 - microliter sample .
In spring 2007 , Rienhoff mailed in more than 200 samples .
The sequencing results came back organized into charts resembling seismographs of a minor earthquake , with each sharp spike indicating an individual nucleotide .
Rienhoff printed out everything and stored the sheets in white three - ring binders .
He combed through these pages while logged on to Ensembl , a public database jointly funded by the UK's Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and the European Bioinformatics Institute .
Launched in 2000 , Ensembl contains complete genomes for about 50 species , from alpacas to zebrafish .
The Homo sapiens section is based on a full assembly of the genome compiled by the National Center for Biotechnology Information ; this data is supplemented by annotations submitted by researchers , who identify genetic variants suspected of causing diseases .
Rienhoff compared Beatrice 's DNA with the information on Ensembl , looking for any base - pair variants that had n't been previously recorded on Ensembl .
He was operating on the assumption that Beatrice 's genetic blip was completely unknown , which would explain why she 'd been so hard to diagnose .
The job was daunting :
The printouts contained data for approximately 20,000 base pairs , and there was no feasible way to automate the hunt for variants .
After putting in a full day of consulting and then getting the kids to bed , Rienhoff would retire to his attic and spend hours checking Beatrice 's adenines ( A ) , thymines ( T ) , guanines ( G ) , and cytosines ( C ) against the Ensembl reference genome .
Sometimes he would fall asleep on the floor , only to awaken at 1 am and go right back to work .
He would imagine Beatrice sitting by his side , patiently observing as he sorted through the data that defined her .
Progress was slow , but after a decade in the boardroom , Rienhoff enjoyed doing pure science again .
Mostly , though , it felt good to be an active seeker rather than an anxious parent at the mercy of an overburdened doctor .
The process of combing through Beatrice 's DNA printouts became a form of meditation , a way for Rienhoff to steel himself against the sadness of seeing his little girl struggle up and down the stairs each day .
It began to feel quasi- spiritual — he started referring to his work as " my journey . "
Confident that he was making headway , Rienhoff canceled Beatrice 's MRI .
Two months later , in March 2007 , he completed his study .
He had identified about 20 places where the DNA for Beatrice 's activin receptors did n't match the reference genome .
Of those , only one , in the ACVR1B gene , was not mentioned anywhere in the genetic literature .
As far as Rienhoff could tell , the variant was unique — an adenine on one chromosome and a guanine on the other , whereas only two adenines had ever been reported .
But the variant was far removed from the area most obviously involved with myostatin .
It seemed doubtful that such an oddly placed hiccup could cause Beatrice 's serious disorder .
Rienhoff decided to look at his own ACVR1B gene to see how it compared .
He later repeated the process with his blood , from centrifuge to sequencing ; when the results came back , he discovered he also had an A and a G in that position .
This ran contrary to Rienhoff 's theory — a variant in that location could n't cause an illness as severe as Beatrice 's , if he was in perfect health .
Though his homebrew genetic analysis had been a bust so far , Rienhoff still believed that Beatrice 's disorder was linked to TGF -ß .
And there was a piece of good news :
During his research , he read a study in which Marfan mice were given losartan , a common blood - pressure medication .
The drug was intended to prevent aortas from dilating , but an Italian group had discovered that it might strengthen skeletal muscle , too .
Rienhoff persuaded Beatrice 's cardiologist to start her on losartan , figuring that they had little to lose — the potential side effects were minor ; the potential upside huge .
Beatrice soon started to move with more confidence .
It 's difficult to say exactly why the losartan worked , or even if it was , indeed , the reason for her newfound grace .
But Beatrice 's physical therapist , unaware of the treatment and surprised by her improvement , pulled Rienhoff aside after one session and asked , " Has anything changed ? "
In July 2007 , a few months after wrapping up his analysis of Beatrice 's activin receptors , Rienhoff attended the National Marfan Foundation 's annual conference in Palo Alto .
His main interest was a workshop dedicated to people like himself , parents whose children exhibited Marfanoid symptoms but did not have the disease .
The parents took turns introducing themselves and describing their various frustrations — insurance companies that would n't pay for genetic tests , doctors who prescribed unsuitable treatments .
When Rienhoff 's turn came , he spoke about his saga , from the early days of the Beals syndrome hypothesis to his sequencing of Beatrice 's three activin receptors .
The attendees were both amazed and eager to hear more about Rienhoff 's genetic exploration .
But the doctor moderating the session , Dianna Milewicz , was apprehensive .
Director of the division of medical genetics at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston , Milewicz could n't fathom why Rienhoff would pursue such a long - shot experiment .
For starters , his focus was on genes that had never been shown to play a role in Marfan - like diseases , rather than more probable culprits such as fibrillin - 2 .
And even if he succeeded in identifying a genuinely novel variant , that was only a tiny first step in a long diagnostic process .
" Then you have to prove the variant you 're seeing is truly causing the disease , " Milewicz says .
" Understanding how a variant relates to a disease is often very difficult .
And if you 're sequencing genes that we do n't even know cause disease , that 's where it becomes a nightmare , even for those of us who have dedicated our lives to this . "
As soon as Rienhoff wrapped up his presentation , Milewicz cautioned the workshop 's attendees against following his do - it - yourself lead .
" I said , ' This is not a good idea to recommend to parents , ' " she recalls .
" They 're not trained to analyze diagnostic tests . "
Rienhoff bristled at Milewicz 's dismissive tone .
" I remember thinking , ' Who the fuck is this person ? '
I have never been in a situation where it was so obvious that a doctor had contempt for the curiosity of her patients .
It was striking how insensitive she was to their dilemma . "
Such a prickly reaction is out of character for Rienhoff , a soft - spoken man who normally exudes an easy calm .
But he has developed a cynical streak about doctors , especially those who are quick to dismiss inquisitive parents as nuisances .
" Medicine in general is a slightly paternalistic activity , " he says .
" You hear these stories about patients bringing in all sorts of information from the Internet and doctors being exasperated .
And part of that is because there is so much they do n't know , and they 're supposed to be omniscient . "
Far from taking Milewicz 's warning to heart , Rienhoff was preparing to do something even more radical than his activin experiment .
In summer 2008 , he launched a second , more ambitious phase in his effort to diagnose Beatrice — he started sequencing her transcriptome .
The transcriptome , as Rienhoff puts it , is " the business end of the genome . "
In order to produce proteins , a small portion — about 1 percent — of the DNA in a particular gene is transcribed into messenger RNA .
This mRNA , also known as a gene transcript , then passes along instructions to ribosomes , the cellular machines that make proteins .
Analyzing a transcriptome is essentially a low - cost alternative to sequencing a person 's entire genome .
It provides a glimpse at small yet vital scraps of thousands of genes .
And since the transcriptome represents only a cross-section of a person 's DNA , there should n't be too many variants to sift through .
A typical human genome will have between 100 and 300 mutations that were n't present in the subject 's parents ; a transcriptome should have five or fewer .
Rienhoff asked a lab to extract mRNA from Beatrice 's white blood cells , in which more than half of human genes are expressed .
Then a reverse transcriptase enzyme was used to convert this single - stranded RNA into double - stranded DNA , suitable for sequencing .
The procedure yielded fragmentary snapshots of as many as 15,000 of Beatrice 's genes .
( A full human genome contains 20,000 to 25,000 genes . )
As a last step , Rienhoff repeated the process for himself and his wife ; he figured that the mutation in Beatrice 's genome must have arisen spontaneously , rather than being inherited from either parent .
" Hardcore scientists would say this is a bad experiment , " Rienhoff admits .
" You 're sampling only a portion of the genes — you 're not casting your net over whole oceans ; you 're just casting it over the Pacific Ocean .
But from my point of view , that 's a pretty damn good start . "
Rienhoff is still in the midst of this project , which he dubbed his triad transcriptome experiment — the " triad " consisting of mother , father , and offspring .
He has tentatively identified three genetic variants so far that Beatrice alone possesses .
To his consternation , none are directly related to the TGF -ß signaling pathway :
One is in a gene that codes transport proteins ; one is in CRNKL1 , a gene that 's barely been studied in humans ; and the third is in a gene so obscure that it has yet to be named .
One of Rienhoff 's heroes is Borgny Egeland , a Norwegian mother of two mentally retarded children .
In 1934 , she contacted an Oslo doctor , Asbjörn Fölling , and informed him that her children 's urine was emitting a powerfully musty odor .
At Fölling 's request , she collected urine samples from the children every other day for two months straight — more than 5 gallons in all .
Fölling found that these samples contained high levels of phenylpyruvic acid , a substance that was subsequently found in the urine of many other patients suffering from retardation .
It turned out that a genetic disorder was preventing these children from properly metabolizing phenylpyruvic acid , and the buildup causes brain damage .
The discovery led to the most effective treatment for the disease ( now called phenylketonuria ) — a diet low in phenylalanine , which the body converts to phenylpyruvic acid .
To Rienhoff , the story of PKU 's discovery is a perfect example of how a concerned parent can press doctors to solve seemingly intractable problems .
Countless afflicted children now live normal lives thanks to Egeland and Fölling 's teamwork .
To encourage this kind of collaboration , Rienhoff created MyDaughtersDNA.org .
The Web site , launched in October 2007 , invites parents to post the clinical histories of their undiagnosed children .
The hope is that geneticists will also frequent the site , to help identify rare disorders and use the case studies to further their own research .
One of the first people to post to the site was a Bulgarian man named Stefan Petkov , who wrote about his 12 - year - old daughter .
The girl had weak limbs and speech problems ; she also lacked the ability to shed tears .
Doctors in Bulgaria were stumped , and DNA tests done in both Belgian and Bulgarian laboratories did n't point to any known genetic conditions .
Gary Gottesman , a geneticist at Saint Louis University School of Medicine in Missouri , came across Petkov 's saga after reading about MyDaughtersDNA.org in the journal Nature .
The girl 's inability to cry made him think of a disorder known as Triple A syndrome .
He suggested that Petkov have his daughter checked for the disease .
Less than a month later , in March 2008 , Petkov wrote again .
His daughter had finally been diagnosed with two of the pillars of Triple A syndrome , the most notable being Addison 's disease , which limits production of the hormone cortisol .
Shortly thereafter , Petkov 's daughter began receiving medicine to replace the hormone , which should help build her muscle strength .
Rienhoff realizes that most parents lack the resources to operate PCR machines or jet around the country in search of a diagnosis .
But he points to Petkov 's story as proof that they can still play a role in their children 's care by seeking answers outside traditional medical channels — embarking , in a sense , on their own Rienhoff - like journeys .
Rienhoff 's personal quest has yet to produce any meaningful insight into Beatrice 's condition , but his efforts have not been totally in vain .
At the very least , he claims to have now conducted more work on human transcriptomes than anyone else .
According to Rienhoff , there have been only two peer - reviewed papers on human transcriptome sequencing , and both have their shortcomings .
" Certainly , no one has done the triad , " he says , " which is the Holy Trinity of genetics . "
A genomics lab at UC Berkeley wants access to Rienhoff 's data and is in the process of obtaining review board approval to examine Beatrice 's transcriptome .
Rienhoff hopes that someone will eventually commercialize his triad transcriptome experiment , so that parents like Petkov will have a quick if crude tool for peering inside their children 's genetic code .
But such a diagnostic product may soon be moot : Complete Genomics , a Mountain View , California , company , recently announced that it plans to start sequencing entire human genomes for $ 5,000 .
Just a few years ago , such a massive undertaking could n't be done for less than $ 1 million .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A stoat has been spotted crazily gambolling in the snow in a Wiltshire back garden .
Michael Cox , who filmed its antics , said that the animal can keep it up for up to 15 minutes at a time .
Can Portland become a startup hub ?
It ’s a question that we discuss time and time again .
We have the hackers , but can we attract the right kind of investors ?
Can we create a startup environment that meshes with the Portland — and Silicon Forest — culture ?
Can we build a sustainable startup engine ?
I believe we can and I know I ’m not alone in that regard .
Now , Paul Graham , founder of the well - known early stage startup incubator Y Combinator , has provided another vote of confidence for the Rose City .
In a post entitled “ Can You Buy a Silicon Valley ?
Maybe . ” he proposes a way to fund and retain startups “ for a particular city . ”
It ’s an interesting argument .
But what I found most interesting was this ( emphasis is mine ) :
How well this scheme worked would depend on the city .
There are some towns , like Portland , that would be easy to turn into startup hubs , and others , like Detroit , where it would really be an uphill battle .
So be honest with yourself about the sort of town you have before you try this .
So now , it ’s not just obvious to us , anymore .
It ’s obvious to the outside world , as well .
It seems like there ’s an opportunity here .
And we should n’t squander it .
( Hat tip Elia Freedman )
Like this : Like Loading ...
This week thank goodness Bill Maher went back to his regular format of bringing all of the guests in together unlike last week 's stinker of a show .
Thank you Bill .
The panel of Andrew Ross Sorkin , Kerry Washington , Bernie Sanders and Keith Olbermann discussed the hatred and outright craziness that 's coming out of the likes of Glenn Beck and others on the right and the danger of whipping up some of the fringe elements of our society with their rhetoric .
Maher : Listening to people like Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck these days , I cannot figure out whether these right wingers are more dangerous when they 're in power or when they 're out of power , because when they 're out of power , you know their paranoid , their paranoia goes off the charts .
This Glenn Beck guy , I would n't even give him the time of day except he's a big star now on Fox and a lot of people believe , and he 's talking about FEMA concentration camps .
Olbermann : Yeah ...
Maher :
He says we are headed toward socialism , totalitarianism ...
Olbermann : Yeah ...
Maher : ... beyond your wildest imagination , but apparently not beyond his wildest imagination .
Washington : Right , right .
Sorkin : Did you see what he said about that ?
He said I can't prove these FEMA concentration camps , but let me tell you about them anyway .
Washington : Yeah , yeah .
Sorkin :
You 'd think it would be the opposite .
Olbermann : Can I quote Madeleine Albright ?
Maher : Please .
Olbermann :
He 's nuts .
Maher :
You know I would never be the person who says that you have to watch what you say because some borderline nut ... no really ... I 'm not for that .
No , no , that 's an argument that 's given a lot .
You can't say this because a borderline might take it and then do this .
I 'm sorry but that 's the price of living in a free speech country and I do want to live in one because I make my living at it .
Okay .
But you know I must say Tim McVeigh in 1995 if you recall , this was the same kind of talking that made him blow up that building .
Olbermann :
The guy who walked into the church in Tennessee said in his statement to the police that he did this because he could not shoot the liberals who were on the lists from Bernie Goldberg , and Bernie Goldberg has proceeded to come out with another list of liberals and this time I 'm on the list so this is even more vivid in my mind now .
So yeah you 're absolutely right about that .
I think what you 're seeing with , I mean I have been accused occasionally of sort of bordering on Howard Beale .
Hey I got nothing on this guy for Howard Beale .
This is , you know in the last major economic crisis of this nation we spewed forth Father Coughlin .
Well this is Father Coughlin with a crew cut .
This is Father Coughlin on TV .
This is , he's , who knows what he 's going to say next week because if we can't understand what he 's saying now he also has that same threshold .
He does n't know what he 's saying now .
It just sounds great .
It 's wonderful .
It is a manic depressive high .
David Duke , former Republican member of the House of Representatives in Louisiana , and former Chairman of the largest Republican district in that state , and lest we forget former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard , is none too happy with selection of Michael Steele as head of the RNC .
Here are a few of his words , ( and if you must visit his site , google it ) :
To Hell with the Republican Party !
I am glad these traitorous leaders of the Republican Party appointed this Black racist , affirmative action advocate to the head of the Republican party because this will lead to a huge revolt among the Republican base .
As a former Republican official , I can tell you that millions of rank - and - file Republicans are mad as hell and are n’t going to take it anymore !
We will either take the Republican Party back over the next four years or we will say , “ To Hell With the Republican Party ! ”
And we will take 90 percent of Republicans with us into a New Party that will take its current place !
I think the insanity of nominating “ Mr. Amnesty ” John McCain and now this Black racist — will lead to insurgency in the Republican ranks , and a lot of dissidents getting elected in Republican Party primaries around the country .
This will result over the next four years a real move by millions of Republicans to take the party back to the populist issues that are not only right but can win for the Republican Party .
We must end affirmative action , protect our gun rights and all our constitutional rights , have a moratorium on immigration , we must have protectionism , yes I said protect American businesses and their workers from NAFTA and GATT and the lie of free trade , and we must have America First , not foreign interventionism .
Our boys should be home protecting the American borders a not being murdered on the borders of Iraq or Afghanistan .
The time as come for Republican Party to stand up to Obama and defend American heritage , rights , and freedom !
While I ’m loath to give Duke ANY space here or give his words any air of credibility , it is relevant because of the public displays of racism , hate and intolerance we witnessed at various campaign events in the lead up to the election .
While I certainly do n’t think Duke ’s sentiment is as widespread as he thinks it is , I do think it is a significant enough percentage to cause both the Republicans , and the rest of us , trouble .
Post by ILO on 02/01/09 at 1:09 pm
( Newser ) – Now that some of baseball 's biggest names are coming clean on steroids , Jose Canseco is wondering when the league will apologize for vilifying him , the AP reports .
The former slugger wrote two books that dealt with juiced players , but he got only grief for his efforts .
" It 's time for somebody in baseball to say to Jose Canseco , ' We 're sorry you got treated the way you did , ' " said his attorney .
story continues below
" After being vilified and labeled an informant and a liar , all allegations , in both of his books , have now been proven to be truthful , including the recent news about Alex Rodriguez , " wrote attorney Dennis Holahan in a letter to the players ' union .
( Read more Jose Canseco stories . )
I run Ubuntu 8.04 on an older desktop and laptop .
I have XP on a newer laptop .
As others have suggested , you can buy an older laptop off lease for $ 300 that will run Ubuntu faster than a new system will run XP or Vista .
I 'm very pleased with Ubuntu , but you should know that while Ubuntu supports CGI , WMA , streaming audio , etc , it is not automatically installed with Ubuntu because Ubuntu comes as 100 % open source files and some of these formats are n't .
You can get them for free , but you might have to load them yourself .
It 's not really hard to do , but it is harder than loading the typical windows program .
If you have zero computer knowledge , it 'll be tough .
If you buy a preloaded system , be sure to ask if it 's going to run audio and video out of the box .
The Dell link mentioned earlier referred to it this way .
" version 8.04 offers even more peripheral * options * such as ATI Video Graphics , Dell Wireless , FingerPrint Readers , HDMI and even better Bluetooth and MP3 / WMA / WMV support "
That implies that it does n't come that way out of the box ; be sure to ask before buying .
On the other hand , it 's great not have to worry about viruses or - ugh - virus software .
Southwest Airlines Flight attendant David Holmes wants you to " sit back , relax , and have a good time . "
Viewpoints Advising Students For Success
Hector Garcia - Molina
No two doctoral students are the same , and the things an advisor needs to do for each vary accordingly .
I can look back over my career and see several approaches that work , and one approach that is popular but does n't really serve the student well .
To begin , the goal of the advisor is to teach someone how to become an independent thinker , inventor , and problem - solver .
You must take someone barely out of their teenage years and convince them that they can do something that none of the most experienced people in the field have been able to do .
And they must do that not only once , but throughout their professional lifetime .
Frankly , when I went off to study for my doctorate , I had no idea what writing a thesis entailed ; had I known , I never would have gone to graduate school .
Back to Top
What Not to Do
I was a student , and later faculty member , in an electrical engineering department , where the widely held opinion was that the way you wrote a thesis was to read many papers .
Look at the last section , where there were always some " open problems . "
Pick one , and work on it , until you are able to make a little progress .
Then write a paper of your own about your progress , and do n't forget to include an " open problems " section , where you put in everything you were unable to do .
Unfortunately this approach , still widely practiced today , encourages mediocrity .
It gives the illusion that research is about making small increments to someone else 's work .
But worse , it almost guarantees that after a while , the work is driven by what can be solved , rather than what needs to be solved .
People write papers , and the papers get accepted because they are reviewed by the people who wrote the papers being improved incrementally , but the influence beyond the world of paper - writing is minimal .
Back to Top
The Early Model : Theoretical Theses
In the first years of computer science as an academic discipline , many theses were " theoretical , " in the sense that the contribution was mostly pencil - and - paper : theorems , algorithms and the like , rather than software .
While much of this work was vulnerable to the problem just describedpaper building on paperit is quite possible for a theoretical thesis to offer a real contribution .
For example , even before I joined the Princeton faculty , I had a summer intern at Bell Labs , Ravi Sethi .
At that time Ken Thompson and Dennis Ritchie were involved in the Multics project , an operating system for the GE635 computer .
This beast was the first to have more than one register in which arithmetic could be done , and the word passed to Ravi and me that they needed techniques to compile code in a way that made best use of several registers .
Ravi's thesis was an algorithm for compiling arithmetic expressions using any given number of registers , in the fewest possible steps .
This algorithm actually was put into the C compiler for the PDP - 11 , a few years later .
While Ravi's thesis was " theoretical " neither of us wrote any codethe work illustrates how I believe any thesis should develop .
The work was not based on what some paper left open , but rather on an expressed need : a way to compile expressions using several registers .
The big advantage we had was that we were part of an environment that was pushing the frontiers .
Had we not been at Bell Labs , it is doubtful we would have realized the problem was worth addressing .
We surely could not have read about it in a paper .
Even Andrei Ershov , who had previously published the node - numbering scheme we used , only saw it as a way to compile for a one - register machine , and did not suggest in his paper that someone else should look at machines with multiple registers .
When I went off to study for my doctorate , I had no idea what writing a thesis entailed ; had I known , I never would have gone to graduate school .
Back to Top
The Ideal Ph.D. Student
The best scenario is that the student tells me what their thesis should be , and carries it out independently .
Moreover , their thesis topic is selected because they perceive a need on the part of some " customer . "
Sergey Brin came closest to this ideal , since he and Larry Page , with no help from me , saw both the need for a better search engine and the key ways that goal could be reached , while students at Stanford .
The one missing element : neither of them got their degree ; but more about that later .
A close approximation was George Lueker , who came to visit me one day to ask if I had any ideas for a thesis topic .
George was not then my student , being enrolled in the Applied Math Program at Princeton .
I happened to be reading about chordal graphs that morning , and suggested an algorithm to detect chordality .
A year later , he came back and showed me a thesis he had written on pq-trees , a data structure that even today has several important applications beyond chordality testing .
Several other students have dragged me kicking and screaming to learn a new area , even if I then got involved in selection of their thesis topic .
Matt Hecht had me learn about data - flow analysis ; Allen Van Gelder did the same with logic programming .
Why does it matter who suggests the thesis topic ?
We 're trying to get young scientists to the point where they can make independent judgments about what is worth working on .
There are several decisions to be made : what is worth doing , what is feasible to do , and how do you do it ?
While an advisor can help with all these things , it is wonderful to meet a student to whom this comes naturally .
Another point that I tried not to forget as I grew older was that young people can often see things that those of us who have become set in our ways cannot .
Trusting the technical judgment of the young is not a bad strategy .
Back to Top
What Students Need
To make students successful , we need to be ready to provide many services .
Finding customers .
As mentioned at the beginning of this Viewpoint , there needs to be an exposure to problems that are at the frontier , and that are needed by a " customer . "
Sometimes , they can find a customer in industry , as Ravi Sethi did at Bell Labs .
Summer internships can be a great opportunity .
However , advisors should encourage students to intern at a strong industrial research group , one where the goals are more than minor tweaks to what exists .
Whether the thesis is theoretical or an implemented solution , students need to be guided to understand who will consume their contribution if they are successful .
And the answer cannot be " people will read the paper I will write , and they will use the open problems in it to help form their own theses . "
Especially when dealing with theoretical theses , the chain of consumption may be long , with idea feeding idea , until the payload is delivered .
Yet if we let students ignore the question of whether such a chain and payload plausibly exist , we are doing them a disservice .
Walking before you run .
Exposure to problems is not enough .
Some , although surely not all , Ph.D. students need to convince themselves that they can do something original .
Here are a few ideas that have worked :
One way to give a beginning student practice with the mechanics of research is to think through a small problem yourself , and then propose to a beginning doctoral student that they work on the problem .
Since you have a path in mind , it is easy to raise questions that will lead them where they should go , until they have worked through to the solution on their own .
A single experience like this is usually enough to get them operating independently .
Try getting the student to make an early transition from reading papers to exploring their own ideas .
Certainly , you need to read enough to get the concepts of your field , but after a point , the more you read , the closer your mode of thinking becomes to that of the field at large , and " out of the box " thinking becomes harder .
If they produce promising ideas , then of course a more careful literature search must be performed .
I 've seen enough examples to believe that it is a rare case ( although sadly not impossible ) where the student 's ideas are completely subsumed under what has already been done .
My colleague Hector Garcia - Molina often encourages students to start not by looking for the theoretically optimal solution , but for a simple , easily implementable solution that gets you 90 % of the way there .
The optimality might be studied later and can form an important part of the thesis .
My colleague John Mitchell reminds us that even after getting past the hurdle of believing one can invent , the thesis can be intimidating because of its large scale .
He gets students to focus on writing a single paper ( preferably for a conference where they will meet people , not for a journal ) .
After they have written a few papers , building a thesis from them will seem much less intimidating .
Expressing ideas .
An advisor must make sure that their students can write clearly .
There is little point training students to generate great ideas if they cannot communicate them .
It is essential that the advisor reads very carefully and checks every sentence of a student 's first attempts at writing .
A common situation , and one that must be caught early , is writing that goes into a lot of detail on the easy parts , and gets fuzzy or overly terse when it comes to presenting the hard parts : the proof of a key theorem or the details of a complex algorithm , for example .
So an advisor must judge what is hard and be sure that the writing does justice to those parts .
a
We 're trying to get young scientists to the point where they can make independent judgments about what is worth working on .
Fear factor .
Yet another common job of the advisor is to teach the student to fail cheerfully and without embarrassment .
Not every student has a built - in fear of failure , but many assume it is wrong to attempt something they doubt is possible .
Often , the student 's model of a " problem " comes from homework , where the solution is certainly known .
They are ashamed to report " I did n't get anything done this week , " even if it was not for lack of effort .
You do n't want students to spend a lot of time trying to write a program that takes another program as input and removes all bugs ( as a fellow student of mine was once advised by his advisor to try ) , but it is OK to encourage a student to do something ambitious and risky , like finding more bugs than anybody else .
In these cases , a vital job of the advisor is getting students to risk their time and effort , and to deal with the case where nothing good results .
Group therapy .
A popular technique for encouraging and engaging students is the free lunch .
Not only do Ph.D. students benefit , but it can be used to attract undergraduates into the research community .
For the past 15 years , I have been privileged to be part of the " Database Group " ( now " Infolab " ) at Stanford , consisting of faculty Gio Wiederhold , Hector Garcia - Molina , Jennifer Widom , our students , staff , and visitors .
At regular Friday lunches , students take turns presenting informal talks on their work , and good - natured argument from the floor is the norm .
Students get over the fear of defending their ideas in public , as well as benefiting from insights of others .
Students also may practice for an upcoming conference talk and receive very detailed suggestions from fellow students .
Another important function of the lunch discussion is bonding , facilitated by a social committee to run group events , and by regular trip reports , which serve as a vehicle for learning about one another 's lives .
Back to Top
A Newer Model : Project - Oriented Theses
It took many years to reach this point , but it is now fairly routine to have substantial software projects carried out in an academic setting .
While there will always be the occasional thesis that is purely " pencil - and - paper , " a much more productive approach is to introduce beginning Ph.D. students to a project .
Often they enjoy " learning by doing , " contributing to the software development , while learning the new notions that are being investigated by the project .
Senior students often get the opportunity to help , and even to supervise , junior students .
The best example I 've seen of how to use this mode effectively comes from my colleague Jennifer Widom .
In a series of innovative projects ( semistructured data , stream databases , and now uncertain databases ) , she has perfected a routine , consisting of :
Define a general goal for the research , and get a team of doctoral students working together .
Spend a substantial period of time , perhaps 612 months , in which the theory and models underlying the problem area are developed .
( Jennifer says that this stepmaking the students part of the planning and modelingis what distinguishes her approach . )
Then , start an implementation project .
Get the students working on pieces .
The goal of each project is a robust , distributable prototype , not something that can be carried intact to commercialization .
Allow students to identify their own aspect of the broader problem area on whose difficulties they will focus .
Students develop their own ideas , which form the core of their thesis , and are able to validate the ideas by installing them in the larger system .
It is sad that many research - funding agencies , such as DARPA , have become so " mission - oriented " recently .
While it may be possible to support a Ph.D. student doing part of a project implementation , Step 4 is left out ; there is no room on the project for a student to explore original work outside the boundaries of the project .
For example , I have heard from several independent sources that while the European Union has been supporting " research " generously , the support is sufficiently constrained by concrete deliverables that there is no way to support Step 4 on the projects .
In countries where Ph.D. support comes from a state source , this arrangement presents no serious impediment .
However , in countries where Ph.D. students are dependent on project support , it becomes hard to train first - rate researchers .
Back to Top
Students and Startups
One of the trickiest decisions an advisor has to make is how to deal with the student who wants to found a startup while they are working on their doctorate .
Few people agree with me on this point , but I believe that , unless the startup idea is insane , they should go out and do the startup .
My theory is that , while getting a doctorate and entering the research arena is a high calling , it is not the highest possible calling .
A startup can have more impact on our lives than a thesis .
Moreover , if they miss the opportunity to do a successful startup , then they have lost a great deal .
If the startup flops , as many do , they have lost only a few years , and can resume work on a doctorate if they wish .
Sergey Brin never asked me whether or not he should quit the Ph.D. program and found Google , but I would have told him to do so had he asked .
Another student , Anand Rajaraman , did ask my advice on this matter when he was about half a year from finishing .
I told him to leave and be a founder of Junglee .
The venture was quite successful .
A few years later he returned to Stanford , started an entirely new thesis topic that abstracted some of what he had learned at Junglee , and is now Dr. Rajaraman .
You do n't have to be in Silicon Valley to think about startups .
Great ideas can develop anywhere , and a responsible advisor will , when appropriate , present to their students the option that their work might form the basis of a commercial venture .
I recall an email message from a student at another school asking the question : " can a piece of work be both a thesis and useful ? "
When I replied in the affirmative , I was then asked to explain this point to their advisor .
That advisor was serving the student poorly , although their attitude seems fairly common .
Even in the course of reviewing this Viewpoint , I encountered the view that a piece of technical work is more to be admired if it cannot be commercialized .
Back to Top
Afterword
Of the various things I 've done in my career , I am most proud of my 53 Ph.D. students and their academic descendants ( see infolab.stanford.edu/~ullman/pub/jdutree.txt ; also see the photo appearing on the first page of this Viewpoint ) .
Many have done things I could never do myself , and done so remarkably well .
Each has brought unique talents to their work , and it has , for me , been an education just to watch them .
I 'd like to imagine that I contributed to their success , although I 'm pretty sure that the only thing I really did was stay out of their way so they could realize their own potential .
Back to Top
Author Jeffrey D. Ullman ( ullman@cs.stanford.edu ) is the Stanford W. Ascherman Professor of Computer Science ( Emeritus ) at Stanford University .
Back to Top
Back to Top
Figures Figure .
Students and colleagues attend Jeff Ullman 's retirement celebration in 2003 .
Back to top
©2009 ACM 0001-0782/09/0300 $ 5.00
Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page .
To copy otherwise , to republish , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists , requires prior specific permission and / or a fee .
The Digital Library is published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Copyright © 2009 ACM , Inc .
Comments
Renganathan Sundararajan
Excellent article .
A must " read " for all advisors of graduate and Ph.D students .
Ramaprasada Kalidindi
A must read for all students who want to do research
Displaying all 2 comments
Jan-02-05 samvega : two amusing knight offers .
echoes of the famous Reti-Tartakower miniature .
May -30-05
The Alchemist :
This was actually voted the best game of the 1937 Olympiad if I 'm not mistaken .
Aug -08 - 05 Medical Director : A " Beauty " .
No doubt !
What 's the winning line for 14 .
B6 ?
Thanks ?
Aug-08-05
beatgiant : < Medical Director : A " Beauty " .
No doubt !
What 's the winning line for 14 .
B6 ?
Thanks ?>
Maybe it is 14 ... b6 15 . Nxc6 bxa5 16 .
Nxb8 , threatening 17 . Nc7 # .
Dec -31-05 Timothy Glenn Forney : " Do n't look a gift horse in the mouth " " Well if you do n't like my first horse , take look at my second one " : )
Jul-02-06
ganstaman : After black 's 10th move , he is preparing Nf8 - ( g/e ) 6 - f4 with some hopes of a kingside attack .
However , he never gets the time to pull this off once white opens up the center and attacks black 's exposed king .
My guess then is that after 7.b3 , black should give up on the already speculative kingside attack and just get the king to safety ( maybe 9...0 - 0 ) .
Anyone else have thoughts as to how black can get a playable game ?
I 'd like to add that this is n't an isolated incident .
E Paoli vs A Kinzel , 1952 ( although black wins this game , I do n't at all like all the pressure black 's king experienced ) .
And , from a pgn I got from a website on this opening : [ Event " 23.01.1973 " ]
[ Site " Dordrecht " ]
[ Date " 1973 .??.?? " ]
[ Round " ? " ]
[ White " Hoogendoorn , P.A. " ]
[ Black " Jansen , L.B. " ]
[ Result " 1 - 0 " ]
[ ECO " C41 " ]
[ PlyCount " 33 " ]
1. e4 d6 2 . d4 Nf6 3 . Nc3 Nbd7 4 . Nf3 e5 5 . Be2 Be7 6 . O - O h6 7 . b3 g5 8 . Bb2 c6 9 . Qd2 Qc7 10 .
Rad1 Nf8 11 . dxe5 dxe5 12 .
Nxe5 Be6 13 .
Nb5 Qb8 14 .
Qa5 b6 15 .
Nxc6 Qb7 16 .
Nxe7 Qxe7 17 . Qc3 1 -
0
Jan-26-09
An Englishman : Good Evening : < gangstaman > , this is how Black played the Philidor back then ; do n't castle early , play ...h6 and ... g5 , then swing the Knight over to g6 and continue pushing the King side pawns .
Horowitz wrote in 1953 that " the execution of Black 's plan , unmolested , leaves him , strangely enough , with the upper hand . "
Obviously ,
White figured out how to molest Black .
However , b2 and e2 are inferior squares for the White Bishops and only work against this particular line .
There 's so little pressure on Black 's position ( no Bc4 menacing the f7 square , for example ) that 6...0 - 0 will suffice for equality .
Jan-26-09
GrahamClayton :
What is the winning line for White after 12 ...♕e5 .
Jan-26-09 jokerman :
This is for everyone wondering what would happen on the two knights sacs .
The first one : 12 ) Nxe5 the obvious question , why does n't black take the knight ?
After Qxe5 white can play 13 ) Nd5
The queen can't take the bishop on b2 beceause white has mate in one move 14 ) Nc7 ++
So this means that Black should keep an eye on the c7 square , so play would continue with 13 ... Qb8
Now white has several options , but i believe the obvious move would be : 14 ) Nxf6 + Bxf6
15 ) Bxf6 white now has the piece back and a treath of mate with Qd8 + + and an attack on the rook so anyhow the game would be over
The second knight sac : 13 ) Nb5 if accepted with cxb5
White can play 14 ) Bxb5 ( obvious move ) the king cant go anywhere so here 's an example line Bd7 15 ) Bxd7 + Nxd7 16 ) Nxd7 Qxd7 17 ) Qxd7 Nxd7 and the bishop on b2 now takes the rook with 18 ) Bxh1
I did not check the lines with a computer so ... there are ofcourse other moves but , these ones will get you to grasp the idea .
Jan-26-09 jokerman : I found a mistake in my previous analysis :
about the 13th move :
i did n't consider 0 - 0 - 0 for black , so here is a better one : 13 ) Nb5 cxb5 14 ) Bxb5 + N8d7 15 ) Nxd7 ! is the move
0 - 0 - 0 by black and now : 16 ) Be5 Qxe5 17 ) Nxe5 Rxd8 18 ) Rxd2 with a winning position for white .
the game ending was : 16 ) Nc7 + if black does n't take with the queen , he has to move the king .
Ke7 17 ) Ba3 + the king has no squares to go , so the queen has to interpose , and white takes the queen with the bishop .
With an easy winning position for white .
Jan-26-09 Dr. J : < jokerman : after 13 Nb5 < cxb5 > 14 Bxb5 + N8d7 15 Nxd7 0-0-0 (! ) 16 Be5 Qxe5 ( ? ) ... winning for White > .
But here 16 ... Rxd7 is OK for Black .
So the best I can see for White is 16 Nxf6 Rxd2 17 Rxd2 with RBPP and ( I think ) positional advantage for the Q .
Jan-26-09 UnsoundHero : After 13...cxb5 14 Bxb5 + N8d7 15 Nxd7 0-0-0 16 Qc3 !
Bxd7 17 Bxd7 + Rxd7 18 Rxd7 Qxc3 19 Bxc3 Kxd7 20 e5 ! regaining the piece , for if then 20 ... Nd5 21 e6 + fxe6 22 Bxh8 .
Or 20 ... Rc8 21 Rd1 + Ke6 22 exf6 Rxc3 23 fxe7 Kxe7 24 Rd2 with good chances to win with the extra pawn .
Jan-26-09 Atking : < GrahamClayton :
What is the winning line for White after 12 .. QxNe5 . > 12 ... Qxe5 ? 13.Nd5 ! 13 ... QxBb2 14.Nc7 # else 13 ... Qd6 14.NxNf6 + is either catastrophic .
See Nimzowitsch vs Marco ( Goteborg 1920 ) which looks at the origin of the tactical ideas behind this one .
As it was noted up with Be2 and especially Bb2 h6 , g5 is bit suicidal and ...0 - 0 is better .
Jan-26-09
kevin86 : After 17 ...♔e7 18 ♗a3 + is " bruinous " - more than black can bear - lol .
Jan -26-09 mworld : that first knight offer was pure genius .
Jan-26-09 tivrfoa : wow .
I 'll try do that !
agree with you mworld !
how can I quote someone message here ?
12 ... Qxe5 13 Nb5 ! and I do n't see good option for black .
To avoid mate only sacrificing his queen .
Jan-26-09 WhiteRook48 : Wow , there 's a Lion Variation in the opening ?
Jan-26-09
keypusher : < Dr. J : < jokerman : after 13 Nb5 < cxb5 > 14 Bxb5 + N8d7 15 Nxd7 0-0-0 (! ) 16 Be5 Qxe5 ( ? ) ... winning for White > .
But here 16 ... Rxd7 is OK for Black . >
I would think so too , but Shredder points out that 17 , Bxd7 + is crushing , e.g. 17 .... Qxd7 18 . Qa5 b6 19 .
Qa6 + Qb7 20 . Qc4 + Bc5 21 . Bxf6 , or 18 .... Qc6 19 . Qxa7 .
So Shredder thinks 16 .
Be5 is best after all .
But there is more than one way to win here .
Jan-26-09
keypusher : < whiteshark :
There must be a better 10th move for black , < 10 ... Rg8 > maybe ?>
That is Dr. Tartakower 's own recommendation , on his 9th or 10th move .
Jan-27-09 Dr. J : < keypusher > : < jokerman : 13 Nb5 cxb5 14 Bxb5 + N8d7 15 Nxd7 0-0-0 16 Be5 Qxe5 < then >
Dr.J : ... Rxd7 < then > keypusher / Shredder : 17 , Bxd7 + Qxd7 18 . Qa5 b6 19 .
Qa6 + Qb7 20 . < Qc4 + Bc5 21 . Bxf6 > is crushing > >
But 20 Qc4 + Bxc4 .
Perhaps you had a mistaken start position ?
Jan-27-09
keypusher : < Dr. J : < keypusher > : < jokerman : 13 Nb5 cxb5 14 Bxb5 + N8d7 15 Nxd7 0-0-0 16 Be5 Qxe5 < then >
Dr.J : ... Rxd7 < then > keypusher / Shredder : 17 , Bxd7 + Qxd7 18 . Qa5 b6 19 .
Qa6 + Qb7 20 . < Qc4 + Bc5 21 . Bxf6 > is crushing > >
But 20 Qc4 + Bxc4 .
Perhaps you had a mistaken start position ?>
Yes , I must have played ... Bd7 instead of ... N8d7 on Black 's 14th move .
I am sorry .
On the other hand it does n't seem to matter to Shredder : 15 Nxd7 0-0-0 16 Be5 Rxd7 17 .
Bxd7 + Qxd7 18 . Qa5 and Black is helpless .
18 .... Qc6 is answered by Qxa7 as before and other queen moves off the d - file allow Qc7#.
18 .... b6 loses to 19 .
Qc3 +. 18 .... Bd5 19 .
Qxa7 followed by exd5 is n't much better .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The $ 75 billion foreclosure prevention program announced Wednesday by President Obama will go a long way to helping millions of distressed borrowers and to stopping the housing market 's downward spiral , experts said .
The multipronged plan , which calls for modifying loans for borrowers both at risk or already in default and for allowing those with little or no home equity to refinance into more affordable loans through interest - rate reductions , has made some strange bedfellows .
" It cuts the Gordian knot that has eluded everybody , " said Scott Talbott , senior vice president of government affairs at the Financial Services Roundtable , a lobbying group .
He called it a " solid approach " to preventing foreclosures .
" It 's a huge , huge , huge step in the right direction , " said Kathleen Day , spokeswoman for the Center for Responsible Lending , a consumer advocacy organization .
" It gets at people in different stages of distress and really tries to get everyone moving in the same direction . "
This is a very different reaction than the ones that greeted most of the Bush administration 's foreclosure prevention efforts , which consisted mainly of an assortment of voluntary loan modifications programs with no government backing .
Critics often said the previous efforts did not go far enough to addressing foreclosures , and they likely were right .
Fewer than half of the loans modified in January 2008 were still current in November , mainly because the majority of the adjustments did not reduce the monthly payment burden , according to a report by Alan White , a law professor at Valparaiso University .
Unlike the previous measures , Obama 's plan uses government funds to provide incentives to borrowers , loan servicers and mortgage investors to modify loans to affordable monthly payments .
And it offers help to at - risk borrowers before they stop paying .
The administration says it will help up to nine million people avoid foreclosure .
The plan did n't satisfy everyone .
Congressional Republicans took the opportunity to blast the president for using taxpayer dollars to bail out irresponsible lenders and borrowers .
Others said the program could have gone further .
For example , the loan modification program would be more effective if it were mandatory and included principal reduction .
Lowering loan balances is the best way to avoid foreclosures at a time when severe declines in home values have left many with loans worth far more than their houses , some experts said .
" The plan may not be aggressive enough to effectively deal with the scale and magnitude of this epidemic , " said John Taylor , head of the National Community Reinvestment Coalition .
" The plan 's voluntary nature may blunt its impact . "
Incentives galore
Though voluntary , the program contains incentives for servicers to work with borrowers .
The plan calls for servicers to reduce interest rates so that a person 's monthly obligation is no more than 38 % of his or her income .
Then the government would kick in money to bring payments down to 31 % of the homeowner 's income .
It also gives servicers money for modifying loans , and additional funds if borrowers stay current or are helped before they fall behind .
Finally , it is developing a $ 10 billion insurance fund that will pay mortgage holders based on declines in a home price index .
Though the program is voluntary , these measures will entice servicers to more aggressively modify loans , experts said .
Another reason servicers will be more willing to modify :
The Obama administration is pushing for a change in the bankruptcy laws to allow judges to adjust loan terms .
" There are a lot of incentives for servicers and lenders to step up to the plate , " Day said .
Subsidizing the interest rates makes it much more likely servicers will participate , said John Vogel , adjunct professor of real estate at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College .
It minimizes the losses the banks have to take , while making it more likely the borrower can afford the payment .
" It makes it a much safer loan , " Vogel said .
Helping people before they default
A main criticism of previous modification programs is that borrowers only qualified if they had stopped making payments .
This frustrated those who did n't want to wreck their credit histories by going into default and prompted others to stop making payments just to qualify for relief .
Under Obama 's plan , both those at - risk and in default qualify for loan modifications .
Also , many borrowers who are current with their payments but have little or no equity in their homes can now qualify to refinance to take advantage of lower interest rates .
" Not letting people fall into delinquency before they get help is an important factor they 've added to the program , " said Ken Wade , chief executive of NeighborWorks America , a national community revitalization group chartered by Congress whose board is made up of bank regulators .
" It attempts to get ahead of the problem . "
Obama has also managed to get many players in the financial industry to accept allowing bankruptcy judges to modify loan terms , a measure they have always fought .
What makes it more palatable is that his program gives borrowers a lot of options to get back on their feet before they turn to bankruptcy .
" The key is to ensure that cramdown is truly a last resort , " Talbott said .
If servicers truly embrace modifying loans , it will keep more people out of bankruptcy , experts said .
" If you allow this provision , fewer people will have to file , " Day said .
Date Mon , 23 Mar 2009 16:29:47 - 0700 ( PDT ) From Linus Torvalds <> Subject Linux 2.6.29
It 's out there now , or at least in the process of getting mirrored out .
The most obvious change is the ( temporary ) change of logo to Tuz , the
Tasmanian Devil .
But there 's a number of driver updates and some m68 k
header updates ( fixing headers_install after the merge of non-MMU / MMU )
that end up being pretty noticeable in the diffs .
The shortlog ( from -rc8 , obviously - the full logs from 2.6.28 are too big
to even contemplate attaching here ) is appended , and most of the non-logo
changes really should n't be all that noticeable to most people .
Nothing
really exciting , although I admit to fleetingly considering another -rc
series just because the changes are bigger than I would have wished for
this late in the game .
But there was little point in holding off the real
release any longer , I feel .
This obviously starts the merge window for 2.6.30 , although as usual , I'll
probably wait a day or two before I start actively merging .
I do that in
order to hopefully result in people testing the final plain 2.6.29 a bit
more before all the crazy changes start up again .
Linus
---
Aaro Koskinen ( 2 ) :
ARM : OMAP : sched_clock ( ) corrected
ARM : OMAP : Allow I2C bus driver to be compiled as a module
Abhijeet Joglekar ( 2 ) :
[ SCSI ] libfc : Pass lport in exch_mgr_reset
[ SCSI ] libfc : when rport goes away ( re- plogi ) , clean up exchanges to / from rport
Achilleas Kotsis ( 1 ) :
USB : Add device id for Option GTM380 to option driver
Al Viro ( 1 ) :
net : fix sctp breakage
Alan Stern ( 2 ) :
USB : usbfs : keep async URBs until the device file is closed
USB : EHCI : expedite unlinks when the root hub is suspended
Albert Pauw ( 1 ) :
USB : option.c : add ZTE 622 modem device
Alexander Duyck ( 1 ) :
igb : remove ASPM L0s workaround
Andrew Vasquez ( 4 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct address range checking for option - rom updates .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct truncation in return - code status checking .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct overwrite of pre-assigned init - control - block structure size .
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Update version number to 8.03.00 - k4 .
Andy Whitcroft ( 1 ) :
suspend : switch the Asus Pundit P1 - AH2 to old ACPI sleep ordering
Anirban Chakraborty ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Correct vport delete bug .
Anton Vorontsov ( 1 ) :
ucc_geth : Fix oops when using fixed - link support
Antti Palosaari ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10972 ) : zl10353 : i2c_gate_ctrl bug fix
Axel Wachtler ( 1 ) :
USB : serial : add FTDI USB / Serial converter devices
Ben Dooks ( 6 ) :
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Set GPIO pin when select IRQ_EINT type
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Rename IRQ_UHOST to IRQ_USBH
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Fix name of USB host clock .
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Fix USB host clock mux list
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : sparse warnings in arch / arm / plat- s3c64xx/s3c6400-clock.c
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : sparse warnings in arch / arm / plat - s3c64xx / irq.c
Benjamin Herrenschmidt ( 2 ) :
emac :
Fix clock control for 405EX and 405EXr chips
radeonfb : Whack the PCI PM register until it sticks
Benny Halevy ( 1 ) :
NFSD : provide encode routine for OP_OPENATTR
Bjørn Mork ( 1 ) :
ip v6 : fix display of local and remote sit endpoints
Borislav Petkov ( 1 ) :
ide - floppy : do not map dataless cmds to an sg
Carlos Corbacho ( 2 ) :
acpi-wmi : Unmark as ' experimental '
acer - wmi : Unmark as ' experimental '
Chris Leech ( 3 ) :
[ SCSI ] libfc : rport retry on LS_RJT from certain ELS
[ SCSI ] fcoe : fix handling of pending queue , prevent out of order frames ( v3 )
ixgbe : fix multiple unicast address support
Chris Mason ( 2 ) :
Btrfs :
Fix locking around adding new space_info
Btrfs : Clear space_info full when adding new devices
Christoph Paasch ( 2 ) :
netfilter : conntrack : fix dropping packet after l4proto -> packet ( )
netfilter : conntrack : check for NEXTHDR_NONE before header sanity checking
Chuck Lever ( 2 ) :
NLM : Shrink the IPv4 - only version of nlm_cmp_addr ( )
NLM : Fix GRANT callback address comparison when IPv6 is enabled
Corentin Chary ( 4 ) :
asus - laptop : restore acpi_generate_proc_event ( )
eeepc-laptop : restore acpi_generate_proc_event ( )
asus - laptop : use select instead of depends on
platform /x86 : depends instead of select for laptop platform drivers
Cyrill Gorcunov ( 1 ) :
acpi : check for pxm_to_node_map overflow
Daisuke Nishimura ( 1 ) :
vmscan : pgmoved should be cleared after updating recent_rotated
Dan Carpenter ( 1 ) :
acer - wmi : double free in acer_rfkill_exit ( )
Dan Williams ( 1 ) :
USB : Option : let cdc-acm handle Sony Ericsson F3507g / Dell 5530
Darius Augulis ( 1 ) :
MX1 fix include
Dave Jones ( 1 ) :
via-velocity : Fix DMA mapping length errors on transmit .
David Brownell ( 2 ) :
ARM : OMAP : Fix compile error if pm.h is included
dm9000 : locking bugfix
David S. Miller ( 3 ) :
dnet : Fix warnings on 64 - bit .
xfrm : Fix xfrm_state_find ( ) wrt. wildcard source address .
sparc64 : Reschedule KGDB capture to a software interrupt .
Davide Libenzi ( 1 ) :
eventfd : remove fput ( ) call from possible IRQ context
Dhananjay Phadke ( 1 ) :
netxen : remove old flash check .
Dirk Hohndel ( 1 ) :
USB : Add Vendor / Product ID for new CDMA U727 to option driver
Eilon Greenstein ( 3 ) :
bnx2x : Adding restriction on sge_buf_size
bnx2x : Casting page alignment
bnx2x : Using DMAE to initialize the chip
Enrik Berkhan ( 1 ) :
nommu : ramfs : pages allocated to an inode 's pagecache may get wrongly discarded
Eric Sandeen ( 3 ) :
ext4 : fix header check in ext4_ext_search_right ( ) for deep extent trees .
ext4 : fix bogus BUG_ONs in in mballoc code
ext4 : fix bb_prealloc_list corruption due to wrong group locking
FUJITA Tomonori ( 1 ) :
ide : save the returned value of dma_map_sg
Geert Uytterhoeven ( 1 ) :
ps3/block : Replace mtd/ps3vram by block / ps3vram
Geoff Levand ( 1 ) :
powerpc/ps3 : ps3_defconfig updates
Gerald Schaefer ( 1 ) :
[ S390 ] Dont check for pfn_valid ( ) in uaccess_pt.
c
Gertjan van Wingerde ( 1 ) :
Update my email address
Grant Grundler ( 2 ) :
parisc : fix wrong assumption about bus ->self
parisc : update MAINTAINERS
Grant Likely ( 1 ) :
Fix Xilinx SystemACE driver to handle empty CF slot
Greg Kroah - Hartman ( 3 ) :
USB : usbtmc : fix stupid bug in open ( )
USB : usbtmc : add protocol 1 support
Staging : benet : remove driver now that it is merged in drivers / net /
Greg Ungerer ( 8 ) :
m 68 k : merge the non-MMU and MMU versions of param . h
m 68 k : merge the non-MMU and MMU versions of swab . h
m 68 k : merge the non-MMU and MMU versions of sigcontext .h
m68 k : use MMU version of setup.h for both MMU and non-MMU
m 68 k : merge the non-MMU and MMU versions of ptrace . h
m 68 k : merge the non-MMU and MMU versions of signal . h
m68 k : use the MMU version of unistd.h for all m68 k platforms
m 68 k : merge the non-MMU and MMU versions of siginfo . h
Gregory Lardiere ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10789 ) : m5602-s5k4aa : Split up the initial sensor probe in chunks .
Hans Werner ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10977 ) : STB6100 init fix , the call to stb6100_set_bandwidth needs an argument
Hartley Sweeten ( 1 ) :
[ ARM ] 5419/1 : ep93xx : fix build warnings about struct i2 c_board_info
Heiko Carstens ( 2 ) :
[ S390 ] topology : define SD_MC_INIT to fix performance regression
[ S390 ] ftrace / mcount : fix kernel stack backchain
Helge Deller ( 7 ) :
parisc : BUG_ON ( ) cleanup
parisc : fix section mismatch warnings
parisc : fix `struct pt_regs ' declared inside parameter list warning
parisc : remove unused local out_putf label
parisc : fix dev_printk ( ) compile warnings for accessing a device struct
parisc : add braces around arguments in assembler macros
parisc : fix 64 bit build
Herbert Xu ( 1 ) :
gro :
Fix legacy path napi_complete crash
Huang Ying ( 1 ) :
dm crypt : fix kcryptd_async_done parameter
Ian Dall ( 1 ) :
Bug 11061 , NFS mounts dropped
Igor M. Liplianin ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10976 ) : Bug fix :
For legacy applications stv0899 performs search only first time after insmod .
Ilya Yanok ( 3 ) :
dnet : Dave DNET ethernet controller driver ( updated )
dnet : replace obsolete * netif_rx_ * functions with * napi_ *
dnet : DNET should depend on HAS_IOMEM
Ingo Molnar ( 1 ) :
kconfig : improve seed in randconfig
J. Bruce Fields ( 1 ) :
nfsd : nfsd should drop CAP_MKNOD for non-root
James Bottomley ( 1 ) :
parisc : remove klist iterators
Jan Dumon ( 1 ) :
USB : unusual_devs : Add support for GI 0431 SD - Card interface
Jay Vosburgh ( 1 ) :
bonding : Fix updating of speed / duplex changes
Jeff Moyer ( 1 ) :
aio : lookup_ioctx can return the wrong value when looking up a bogus context
Jiri Slaby ( 8 ) :
ACPI : remove doubled status checking
USB : atm / cxacru , fix lock imbalance
USB : image / mdc800 , fix lock imbalance
USB : misc / adutux , fix lock imbalance
USB : misc / vstusb , fix lock imbalance
USB : wusbcore / wa-xfer , fix lock imbalance
ALSA : pcm_oss , fix locking typo
ALSA : mixart , fix lock imbalance
Jody McIntyre ( 1 ) :
trivial : fix orphan dates in ext2 documentation
Johannes Weiner ( 3 ) :
HID : fix incorrect free in hiddev
HID : fix waitqueue usage in hiddev
nommu : ramfs : do n't leak pages when adding to page cache fails
John Dykstra ( 1 ) :
ipv6 : Fix BUG when disabled ip v6 module is unloaded
John W. Linville ( 1 ) :
lib80211 : silence excessive crypto debugging messages
Jorge Boncompte [ DTI2 ] ( 1 ) :
netns : oops in ip [ 6 ] _frag_reasm incrementing stats
Jouni Malinen ( 3 ) :
mac80211 : Fix panic on fragmentation with power saving
zd1211rw :
Do not panic on device eject when associated
nl80211 : Check that function pointer !=
NULL before using it
Karsten Wiese ( 1 ) :
USB : EHCI : Fix isochronous URB leak
Kay Sievers ( 1 ) :
parisc : dino : struct device - replace bus_id with dev_name ( ) , dev_set_name ( )
Koen Kooi ( 1 ) :
ARM : OMAP : board - omap3 beagle : set i2 c - 3 to 100kHz
Krzysztof Helt ( 1 ) :
ALSA : opl3sa2 - Fix NULL dereference when suspending snd_opl3sa2
Kumar Gala ( 2 ) :
powerpc /mm : Respect _PAGE_COHERENT
on classic ppc32 SW
powerpc / mm : Fix Respect _PAGE_COHERENT
on classic ppc32 SW TLB load machines
Kyle McMartin ( 8 ) :
parisc : fix use of new cpumask api in irq.c
parisc : convert ( read|write ) bwlq to inlines
parisc : convert cpu_check_affinity to new cpumask api
parisc : define x->x mmio accessors
parisc : update defconfigs
parisc : sba_iommu : fix build bug when CONFIG_PARISC_AGP=y
tulip : fix crash on iface up with shirq debug
Build with - fno- dwarf2 - cfi-asm
Lalit Chandivade ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] qla2xxx : Use correct value for max vport in LOOP topology .
Len Brown ( 1 ) :
Revert " ACPI : make some IO ports off - limits to AML "
Lennert Buytenhek ( 1 ) :
mv643xx_eth : fix unicast address filter corruption on mtu change
Li Zefan ( 1 ) :
block : fix memory leak in bio_clone ( )
Linus Torvalds ( 7 ) :
Fix potential fast PIT TSC calibration startup glitch
Fast TSC calibration : calculate proper frequency error bounds
Avoid 64 - bit " switch ( ) " statements on 32 - bit architectures
Add ' - fwrapv ' to gcc CFLAGS
Fix race in create_empty_buffers ( ) vs __set_page_dirty_buffers ( )
Move cc-option to below arch - specific setup
Linux 2.6.29
Luis R. Rodriguez ( 2 ) :
ath9 k : implement IO serialization
ath9k : AR9280 PCI devices must serialize IO as well
Maciej Sosnowski ( 1 ) :
dca : add missing copyright / license headers
Manu Abraham ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10975 ) : Bug :
Use signed types , Offsets and range can be negative
Mark Brown ( 5 ) :
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Fix section mismatch for s3c64xx_register_clocks ( )
[ ARM ] SMDK6410 : Correct I2C device name for WM8580
[ ARM ] SMDK6410 : Declare iodesc table static
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Staticise s3c64xx_init_irq_eint ( )
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Do gpiolib configuration earlier
Mark Lord ( 1 ) :
sata_mv : fix MSI irq race condition
Martin Schwidefsky ( 3 ) :
[ S390 ] __div64_31 broken for CONFIG_MARCH_G5
[ S390 ] make page table walking more robust
[ S390 ] make page table upgrade work again
Masami Hiramatsu ( 2 ) :
prevent boosting kprobes on exception address
module : fix refptr allocation and release order
Mathieu Chouquet - Stringer ( 1 ) :
thinkpad - acpi : fix module autoloading for older models
Matthew Wilcox ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] sd : Do n't try to spin up drives that are connected to an inactive port
Matthias Schwarzzot ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10978 ) : Report tuning algorith correctly
Mauro Carvalho Chehab ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10834 ) : zoran : auto - select bt866 for AverMedia 6 Eyes
Michael Chan ( 1 ) :
bnx2 : Fix problem of using wrong IRQ handler .
Michael Hennerich ( 1 ) :
USB : serial : ftdi : enable UART detection on gnICE JTAG adaptors blacklist interface0
Mike Travis ( 1 ) :
parisc : update parisc for new irq_desc
Miklos Szeredi ( 1 ) :
fix ptrace slowness
Mikulas Patocka ( 3 ) :
dm table : rework reference counting fix
dm io : respect BIO_MAX_PAGES limit
sparc64 : Fix crash with / proc/iomem
Milan Broz ( 2 ) :
dm ioctl : validate name length when renaming
dm crypt : wait for endio to complete before destruction
Moritz Muehlenhoff ( 1 ) :
USB : Updated unusual - devs entry for USB mass storage on Nokia 6233
Nobuhiro Iwamatsu ( 2 ) :
sh_eth : Change handling of IRQ
sh_eth : Fix mistake of the address of SH7763
Pablo Neira Ayuso ( 2 ) :
netfilter : conntrack : do n't deliver events for racy packets
netfilter : ctnetlink : fix crash during expectation creation
Pantelis Koukousoulas ( 1 ) :
virtio_net : Make virtio_net support carrier detection
Piotr Ziecik ( 1 ) :
powerpc/5200 : Enable CPU_FTR_NEED_COHERENT
for MPC52xx
Ralf Baechle ( 1 ) :
MIPS : Mark Eins : Fix configuration .
Robert Love ( 11 ) :
[ SCSI ] libfc :
Do n't violate transport template for rogue port creation
[ SCSI ] libfc : correct RPORT_TO_PRIV usage
[ SCSI ] libfc : rename rp to rdata in fc_disc_new_target ( )
[ SCSI ] libfc : check for err when recv and state is incorrect
[ SCSI ] libfc : Cleanup libfc_function_template comments
[ SCSI ] libfc , fcoe : Fix kerneldoc comments
[ SCSI ] libfc , fcoe : Cleanup function formatting and minor typos
[ SCSI ] libfc , fcoe : Remove unnecessary cast by removing inline wrapper
[ SCSI ] fcoe : Use setup_timer ( ) and mod_timer ( )
[ SCSI ] fcoe : Correct fcoe_transports initialization vs. registration
[ SCSI ] fcoe : Change fcoe receive thread nice value from 19 ( lowest priority ) to - 20
Robert M. Kenney ( 1 ) :
USB : serial : new cp2101 device id
Roel Kluin ( 3 ) :
[ SCSI ] fcoe : fix kfree ( skb )
acpi-wmi : unsigned cannot be less than 0
net : kfree ( napi->skb ) => kfree_skb
Ron Mercer ( 4 ) :
qlge : bugfix : Increase filter on inbound csum .
qlge : bugfix :
Tell hw to strip vlan header .
qlge : bugfix : Move netif_napi_del ( ) to common call point .
qlge : bugfix : Pad outbound frames smaller than 60 bytes .
Russell King ( 2 ) :
[ ARM ] update mach - types
[ ARM ]
Fix virtual to physical translation macro corner cases
Rusty Russell ( 1 ) :
linux.conf.au 2009 : Tuz
Saeed Bishara ( 1 ) :
[ ARM ] orion5x : pass dram mbus data to xor driver
Sam Ravnborg ( 1 ) :
kconfig : fix randconfig for choice blocks
Sathya Perla ( 3 ) :
net : Add be2net driver .
be2net : replenish when posting to rx-queue is starved in out of mem conditions
be2net : fix to restore vlan ids into BE2 during a IF DOWN -> UP cycle
Scott James Remnant ( 1 ) :
sbus : Auto - load openprom module when device opened .
Sigmund Augdal ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10974 ) : Use Diseqc 3/3 mode to send data
Stanislaw Gruszka ( 1 ) :
net : Document / proc/sys/net/core/netdev_budget
Stephen Hemminger ( 1 ) :
sungem : missing net_device_ops
Stephen Rothwell ( 1 ) :
net : update dnet.c for bus_id removal
Steve Glendinning ( 1 ) :
smsc911x : reset last known duplex and carrier on open
Steve Ma ( 1 ) :
[ SCSI ] libfc : exch mgr is freed while lport still retrying sequences
Stuart MENEFY ( 1 ) :
libata : Keep shadow last_ctl up to date during resets
Suresh Jayaraman ( 1 ) :
NFS : Handle - ESTALE error in access ( )
Takashi Iwai ( 3 ) :
ALSA : hda - Fix DMA mask for ATI controllers
ALSA : hda - Workaround for buggy DMA position on ATI controllers
ALSA : Fix vunmap and free order in snd_free_sgbuf_pages ( )
Tao Ma ( 2 ) :
ocfs2 : Fix a bug found by sparse check .
ocfs2 : Use xs -> bucket to set xattr value outside
Tejun Heo ( 1 ) :
ata_piix : add workaround for Samsung DB - P70
Theodore Ts'o ( 1 ) :
ext4 : Print the find_group_flex ( ) warning only once
Thomas Bartosik ( 1 ) :
USB : storage : Unusual USB device Prolific 2507 variation added
Tiger Yang ( 2 ) :
ocfs2 : reserve xattr block for new directory with inline data
ocfs2 : tweak to get the maximum inline data size with xattr
Tilman Schmidt ( 1 ) :
bas_gigaset : correctly allocate USB interrupt transfer buffer
Trond Myklebust ( 6 ) :
SUNRPC : Tighten up the task locking rules in __rpc_execute ( )
NFS : Fix misparsing of nfsv4 fs_locations attribute ( take 2 )
NFSv3 : Fix posix ACL code
SUNRPC : Fix an Oops due to socket not set up yet ...
SUNRPC : xprt_connect ( ) do n't abort the task if the transport is n't bound
NFS : Fix the fix to Bugzilla # 11061 , when IP v6 is n't defined ...
Tyler Hicks ( 3 ) :
e Cryptfs : do n't encrypt file key with filename key
e Cryptfs : Allocate a variable number of pages for file headers
e Cryptfs : NULL crypt_stat dereference during lookup
Uwe Kleine - König ( 2 ) :
[ ARM ] 5418/ 1 : restore lr before leaving mcount
[ ARM ] 5421/ 1 : ftrace : fix crash due to tracing of __naked functions
Vasu Dev ( 5 ) :
[ SCSI ] libfc : handle RRQ exch timeout
[ SCSI ] libfc : fixed a soft lockup issue in fc_exch_recv_abts
[ SCSI ] libfc , fcoe : fixed locking issues with lport -> lp_mutex around lport-> link_status
[ SCSI ] libfc : fixed a read IO data integrity issue when a IO data frame lost
[ SCSI ] fcoe :
Out of order tx frames was causing several check condition SCSI status
Viral Mehta ( 1 ) :
ALSA : oss - mixer - Fixes recording gain control
Vitaly Wool ( 1 ) :
V4L/DVB ( 10832 ) : tvaudio : Avoid breakage with tda9874a
Werner Almesberger ( 1 ) :
[ ARM ] S3C64XX : Fix s3c64xx_setrate_clksrc
Yi Zou ( 2 ) :
[ SCSI ] libfc : do not change the fh_rx_id of a recevied frame
[ SCSI ] fcoe : ETH_P_8021Q is already in if_ether and fcoe is not using it anyway
Zhang Le ( 2 ) :
MIPS : Fix TIF_32BIT undefined problem when seccomp is disabled
filp -> f_pos not correctly updated in proc_task_readdir
Zhang Rui ( 1 ) :
ACPI suspend : Blacklist Toshiba Satellite L300 that requires to set SCI_EN directly on resume
françois romieu ( 2 ) :
r8169 : use hardware auto - padding .
r8169 : revert " r8169 : read MAC address from EEPROM on init ( 2nd attempt ) "
un'ichi Nomura ( 1 ) :
block : Add gfp_mask parameter to bio_integrity_clone ( )
--
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
Late yesterday , Google launched novelty snoop service Street View in the UK , offering views of , er , streets .
At launch , 17 English cities , four Scottish cities , two Welsh cities , and one in Northern Ireland are available for exploration .
Up to a point anyway ; typically only major thoroughfares in city centres are covered , except in London .
Cities covered , according to Google Blogoscoped are : Birmingham , Bristol , Cambridge , Coventry , Derby , Leeds , Liverpool , London , Manchester , Newcastle , Norwich , Nottingham , Oxford , Scunthorpe , Sheffield , Southampton , York , Belfast , Aberdeen , Dundee , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Cardiff and Swansea .
The images ( 360 horizontal , 290 vertical ) were captures by Google 's fleet of Orwellian spycars , whose adventures across Europe we tracked last year .
In October we spied one of Google 's cars lurking just outside Vulture Central , and lo , here we are ( no , not in the van ) :
Google 's promise to blur out people 's faces in response to privacy concerns has been kept up to a point .
The automatic system for detecting faces could use some work , as many remain indentifiable .
If you spot anything interesting , send it here . ®
( CNN ) -- Congressman Barney Frank is taking some major heat for making a serious accusation against Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia .
Rep. Barney Frank cites a Supreme Court justice 's legal opinions in calling him a homophobe .
" I do think this argument that it is unconstitutional for the federal government to pick and choose as to which marriages it will accept is a good one .
At some point that 's going to have to go to the United States Supreme Court , " Frank told the Web site 365 gay.com on Friday .
" I would n't want it to go to the United States Supreme Court now because that homophobe Antonin Scalia 's got too many votes on this current court . "
Frank , D - Massachusetts , explained his remark during an interview Wednesday with host John Roberts on CNN's " American Morning . "
John Roberts : Congressman Frank , you made a pretty pointed accusation there .
What 's the basis for that charge ?
Rep. Barney Frank :
Two opinions written by Justice Scalia in which he makes it very clear that he thinks it 's a terrible idea for people who are gay or lesbian to have equal rights .
It 's not based on his views on marriage .
Obviously , there 's a legitimate debate about marriage .
Watch Frank make his case against Scalia »
A few years ago , the state of Texas tried to send to prison two men who had private , consenting sex in their own bedroom .
And the majority on the court said , " That 's unconstitutional .
That 's an invasion of privacy . "
Justice ( Clarence ) Thomas said , " Well , I think it 's a silly law .
I would have voted against it , but I do n't think the Constitution prohibits it . "
Justice Scalia wrote a long , angry dissent in which he made it very clear he thought it was a perfectly good law and that , in fact , homosexuals , as he refers to us , are bad people , and the notion that there ought to be any kind of legal protections is a mistake .
In an earlier case in Colorado , in which he again vigorously denounced the majority in the court for finding that it was unconstitutional to discriminate against people , again , not in marriage but a basis of their political rights , he said , " Well , of course , we disapprove this .
We often disapprove of things like murder . "
I mean , literally , when he was looking for comparisons to the public disapproval of homosexuality , the first thing he said was murder .
So unlike many people who have different legitimate views on this , I urge people to read those two opinions in the Colorado case , the Romer case and the Lawrence case .
And , again , there is just no question about his absolute view that ... homosexuals are bad people that should n't be treated equally .
amFIX : React to Frank 's comments on Scalia
Roberts :
Well , let 's take the Lawrence v. Texas case then , if we could .
In his dissenting opinion he said , " Today 's opinion is the product of a court that has largely signed on to the so - called homosexual agenda , by which I mean the agenda promoted by some homosexual activists directed at eliminating the moral opprobrium that is traditionally attached to homosexual conduct . "
But what he was doing in that dissent , according to him , was complaining about judges , not elected officials , deciding questions about morality .
Frank : No .
Roberts : Scalia went on to write , " It is clear from this that the court has taken sides in the culture war . "
Frank : Yes .
Roberts :
So if he is talking here about -- he is upset that the court is deciding this as opposed to elected officials deciding it , how is that homophobic ?
Frank : Because ... you forgot to mention the issue here .
It is n't whether or not homosexuality is a nice thing .
It is whether two men in the privacy of their own bedroom , two men who live together , two adults , should be facing prison because they had intimate relations .
Now , Justice Thomas said it 's a silly law .
Justice Scalia said , " Oh , no , because we " -- the phrase you quoted is in the context of justifying sending people to prison because they have consenting sex in private because he disapproves of homosexuality .
The court was n't taking sides in a culture war .
The very way that he frames it is that .
In other words , he believes that when six of his colleagues said , " No , the Constitution protects privacy , and you do not allow people to go to jail for private , consenting sex , " that that 's taking sides in the culture war .
So the very fact that he frames it that way is his argument .
He is so angry about those of us who are maybe gay or lesbian that he thinks it takes sides in the culture war to say people should n't be imprisoned for private sexual acts .
Roberts :
And let me get to the point that you were making when you gave that interview , the Defense of Marriage Act .
You say that it 's going to come before the court at some point .
The Defense of Marriage Act passed overwhelmingly in the House and the Senate .
It was signed by a Democratic president .
The National Review online , talking about what you said regarding Justice Scalia , pointed that out and went on to add , quote , " Millions and millions of voters in state after state have acted to preserve traditional marriage .
Does Congressman Frank regard all of these Americans as homophobes ?
Frank :
No , as I just said -- no .
I 've already answered your question .
No , I just differentiated between Justice Scalia and Justice Thomas .
Justice Thomas said it 's a silly law to send people to prison because of private , consenting sex .
Scalia basically says " Yes , that 's where they belong . "
So that 's exactly the case .
No , people have , as I said , legitimate rights to differ over the constitutionality of marriage .
My point is that Scalia is so anti people who are homosexual that he will argue so vehemently there that I 'd rather not have him have the influence .
But I was talking about his attitude in cases which had to do with political rights in Colorado and sending people to prison .
That 's very different than the question about marriage .
Roberts :
And we should point out , too , that we reached out to Justice Scalia for comment .
They declined comment on this , but perhaps we 'll hear from him at some point down the line .
Frank :
Well , in fairness to Justice Scalia , I obviously was very critical of him .
But Supreme Court justices are supposed to argue through their opinions .
And that 's why I 'm not referring to any private comments he made but to his opinions .
And , again , the issue in my mind is his vehement denunciation .
Let 's put it this way :
He says it 's taking sides in the culture war if you do n't send people to jail for having private , consenting sex .
It 's got nothing to do with marriage .
All About Barney Frank • Antonin Scalia • Gay and Lesbian Relationships
Highball
Album created by member John Doughty Album Views : 99,188 Pace and pan shots of trains .
If you 're not in the locomotive cab or on - board the train , it 's the next best thing to being there .
Houston widow sues after bank profits on husband 's death Lawsuit accuses bank in ‘ dead peasant ’ case
Around Christmas , Irma Johnson received a stunning surprise in her mail : a check for nearly $ 1.6 million .
It had her late husband ’s name on it along with a life insurance number , her attorney said .
But it was made out to Amegy Bank , her husband ’s former employer .
Wondering what it was , Johnson called the insurance company and discovered the bank had bought an insurance policy on her husband ’s life .
But she was n’t supposed to know , she said , and only found out because the envelope got mangled in the mail and the postal service tracked her down instead of the bank .
On Monday , Johnson sued Amegy to recover the benefits .
The policies , which often are taken out on the lives of rank and file employees , are known in the industry as “ dead peasant ” life insurance , said Michael Myers , a lawyer with McClanahan Myers Espey , who is representing Johnson .
Coverage often continues for years , sometimes long after employees have left the organization .
“ It was news to us that it was even filed , ” said Leigh Akin , spokeswoman for Amegy Bank in Houston .
“ We have n’t had the opportunity to conduct a thorough review .
Like any matter with our current or former employees , we commit to taking this very seriously while we do our review . ”
She declined to comment further .
Very profitable
Bank - owned life insurance policies are very profitable , said Myers , because banks can write off the premiums and the interest on the loans to buy the policies as a business expense .
In addition , the investment returns and death benefits are n’t subject to federal income tax , said Myers , who represented the families of deceased Wal - Mart employees in Texas who sued the retailer for secretly buying insurance policies on the lives of low - level employees .
In 2004 , Wal - Mart agreed to pay $ 10.4 million to the families of 380 employees .
Banks must report the value of their bank - owned life insurance to federal regulators .
For the biggest banks , Myers has tallied up the cash surrender value — the amount each policy is worth at a certain moment in time — and he says it ’s trillions of dollars .
At the time the insurance policy was written in 2001 , Daniel Johnson already had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer .
The project manager had undergone two brain surgeries to remove a tumor and was getting radiation treatments that left him unable to walk or talk .
The bank , which was then Southwest Bank of Texas , criticized his job performance and demoted him , according to the lawsuit .
But soon he was told he had been selected by the board of directors ’ compensation committee to receive $ 150,000 in supplemental life insurance .
Less than five months later he was fired , but only after signing the papers , which also named the bank as a much larger beneficiary , Myers said .
He died last summer .
Non-key worker
Myers said he will argue that Johnson did n’t have the mental ability to understand what he was signing , nor did the bank reveal what it stood to gain on his death .
He is also arguing the bank did n’t have a legitimate reason to insure the lives of non-key employees like Johnson .
Irma Johnson also is still seeking the $ 150,000 death benefit that Myers said has n’t been paid yet .
lm.sixel@chron.com
UN Envoy : Gaza Op Seems to be War Crime of Greatest Magnitude
Haaretz is reporting that Richard Falk , UN special rapporteur on human rights in the Palestinian territories , said Israel 's offensive against Hamas in densely populated Gaza appeared to constitute a war crime of the " greatest magnitude . "
Read more
Peace Grannies Arrested in Times Square Wednesday , March 18th
Relax , everyone !
The New York City police are really on the job these days .
With rapists , murderers , bank robbers and dope peddlers , not to mention corporate thieves , rampant throughout the City , they made a significant dent in the crime statistics yesterday , March 18 , when they arrested seven grandmothers aged 67 to 90 in Times Square .
Read more
The Bailout Gift That Just Keeps On Giving
It turns out that 13 of the companies getting a gazillion dollars in bailout funds – $ 300 billion , actually – owe back taxes of over $ 220 million , a pesky detail they overlooked when asking for all that money .
Rep. John Lewis , chair of a subcommiittee allegedly overseeing the bailout , called the revelation " shameful . "
" We are going to get to the bottom of what is going on here , " he said .
Our guess ?
Corporate greed and malfeasance , lack of appropriate governmental oversight , unregulated capitalism run amuck and criminal incompetence all around .
Read more
The Numbers
Six years after U.S. forces invaded Iraq , some numbers :
Read more
Studien zu Medien - Gewalt von politischem Opportunismus bestimmt Matthias Gräbner
Die meisten Studien zum Thema Videospiele und Aggression werden von Ideologie und Politik bestimmt - nicht aber von methodischer Qualität und Signifikanz ihrer Ergebnisse .
Das ergab eine Meta - Analyse amerikanischer Psychologen
Gibt es eine Verbindung zwischen Gewaltdarstellungen in den Medien und aggressivem Verhalten ?
Betrachtet man manche Reaktionen auf politischer Ebene , scheint die Verbindung völlig klar zu sein , entschlossenes Handeln scheint dringend geboten .
Tatsächlich aber hat die Forschung in diesem Bereich bisher alles mögliche bestätigt - nur nicht die Verbindung zwischen Mediengewalt und aggressivem Verhalten der Medienkonsumenten .
Die Psychologen Christopher Ferguson und John Kilburn von der Texas A&M International University haben in einer Meta - Analyse 27 in den letzten zehn Jahren zu diesem Thema erschienene wissenschaftliche Beiträge überprüft - ihr Ergebnis ist im Journal of Pediatrics veröffentlicht .
Zwölf der von den Forschern betrachteten Studien waren rein korrelierender Art , zehn wurden experimentell durchgeführt und fünf beschäftigten sich als Longitudinal - Studien mit längeren Zeiträumen .
16 der Studien beschäftigten sich mit Kindern , der Rest mit Erwachsenen .
15 der Studien betrachteten allein die Auswirkungen von Videogames , während sich sieben speziell die Effekte des TV - Konsums ansahen - der Rest nutzte beide Medien .
Allerdings , und das ist die erste Kritik der Forscher , nutzten überhaupt nur 41 Prozent der Arbeiten wissenschaftlich validierte Kriterien für tatsächliche Aggression .
Dazu gehören physische Aktivitäten der Studienteilnehmer , ob nun verbaler oder körperlicher Art , oder klinische Skalen mit nachgewiesener Relation zu aggressivem Verhalten .
Zu den nicht geeigneten Kenngrößen gehören etwa von Schülern oder Lehrern selbst - oder fremdgetroffene Einschätzungen des Aggressionsniveaus - hier hat die Forschung längst gezeigt , dass diese keine validen Schlussfolgerungen zulassen .
Kritisch sehen die Wissenschaftler auch , dass zu selten , nämlich nur bei der Hälfte der Studien , auf dritte Variablen kontrolliert wurde - etwa Geschlecht , familiäre Herkunft oder Persönlichkeit .
Ebenfalls fanden Ferguson und Kilburn bei vielen der Studien einen deutlichen „ Publication Bias “ - eine selektive Veröffentlichung bestimmter Ergebnisse .
Insgesamt ergaben sich , über alle Studien berechnet , ein Korrelationsfaktor zwischen Mediengewalt und Aggression weit unter den Werten , die in klinischen Studien als signifikant betrachtet werden .
Allerdings unterscheiden sich die einzelnen Ergebnisse stark - und zwar je nach der Methodologie , die bei den Studien Anwendung fand .
Je näher die verwendeten Kennziffern für Aggression nämlich realer Aggression kamen , desto schwächer wurden die messbaren Auswirkungen von Mediengewalt .
Das heißt , zwischen steigendem Blutdruck und verändertem Hautwiderstand und echter physischer Aggression stand bei den meisten Studienteilnehmern noch ein rationaler Prozess , der etwas mit Werten und Erziehung zu tun haben könnte .
Auch Studien , die Einflüsse dritter Variablen mit einbezogen , kamen im Mittel zu schwächeren Ergebnissen .
Experimentelle Studien erbrachten in der Regel stärkere Auswirkungen von Mediengewalt , und zwar bei Kindern in stärkerem Maße als bei Erwachsenen - jedoch leiden gerade diese Studien unter der Verwendung untauglicher Kenngrößen für Aggression .
Interessant sind auch die Folgerungen , die die Forscher aus ihren Ergebnisse ziehen .
Sie befürchten nämlich , dass viele Studien zu Mediengewalt und Aggression vor allem aufgrund ideologischer oder politischer Anschauungen durchgeführt werden .
Zufällig vereinten sich hier die Agenden konservativer und linker Kreise zu einem „ Perfect Storm “ des politischen Opportunismus .
Wissenschaftlicher Dogmatismus , meinen Ferguson und Kilburn , habe die Fähigkeit der Science - Community beschädigt , dieses Forschungsgebiet kritisch zu betrachten .
Wenn das Ziel der Gesellschaft in einer Verminderung von Gewalt bestehe , solle man sich wissenschaftlich , politisch und ökonomisch doch besser und effizienter mit anderen Bereichen befassen .
( Matthias Gräbner )
A WELL - known criminal who is a central figure in Limerick 's ongoing feud was in a critical condition on a life support machine last night after he accidentally shot himself .
Feared gangster Philip Collopy ( 29 ) from St Mary 's Park , Limerick is in the city 's Mid-Western Regional Hospital where he has been since he shot himself in the head on Saturday morning .
The career criminal shot himself with a glock handgun at close range in a house at St Munchin 's Street , St Mary 's Park .
He had been inspecting the gun and removed the loaded magazine from it while handling it .
However , he failed to realise a bullet was still in the chamber before he discharged the weapon while it was pointed at his head .
Patrol
A youth alerted members of the armed Regional Support Unit who were on patrol in the estate and told them that an ambulance was needed for the wounded man .
A glock handgun and three magazines were recovered from the scene .
Eight bullets were recovered from the magazine which Collopy removed from the gun before he shot himself .
Gardai have put the shooting down to misadventure .
Officers are investigating the source of the firearm .
It will be forensically examined to see if it was used in any of the feud - related shootings in the city .
Collopy 's younger brother , Damien was in the house at the time and was treated for shock .
Brothers , Ray and Kieran travelled back from Spain to be at their brother 's bedside .
Leave a Reply
With numerous environmental concerns on the horizon and more than 600 million cars operating in the world today , it 's not difficult to see that finding and implementing cleaner burning fuel engines is a must if we are to promote a greener earth for future generations .
Thankfully , many alternatives to powering vehicle engines exist .
Some of these include biodiesel , cellulosic ethanol , biokerosene and alternative rocket fuels .
Hybrid and electric - powered engines are other alternatives .
Biodiesel fuel uses biomass materials – decaying organic material – to create energy .
This fuel burns cleaner than traditional gasoline engines , creating less air pollution and less carbon emissions .
It is also relatively inexpensive to switch your current engine to one that will burn biodiesel .
That is why even gas guzzling Hummers can benefit from it .
Biodiesel Hummers is a new trend for Hummie lovers .
Hybrid vehicles , a popular and more mainstream alternative , use two or more distinct fuel sources to power a vehicle .
Usually , this is a combination of gasoline and electricity .
By using electricity part of the time to power an engine , less harmful byproducts are released into the air .
This is also why these vehicles see extended gas mileage , a major plus in a time when gas prices are gouging .
Moreover , among the other benefits of hybrid cars they , too , can use electricity and ethanol instead of gasoline .
With light years separating us from even our nearest outer star , it takes unimaginable power to propel a vehicle through space to reach such a destination .
With current fossil fuel options to power spacecraft , we are nowhere near reaching the nearest galaxy in reasonable time , let alone deep space .
This is why alternative rocket fuels are the future of space travel .
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Feinstein : Solar energy could destroy the Mojave Desert Muriel Kane
Published : Sunday March 22 , 2009
Print This Email This Increasing the nation 's use of wind and solar power has been seen as an ideal way to protect the environment against pollution , oil spills , and nuclear waste .
Now , however , fears are rising that the pressure to quickly ramp up large - scale production of alternative energy may in itself become a threat to fragile ecosystems .
That is the concern of Senator Diane Feinstein ( D - CA , who announced last week that she intends to introduce legislation to declare part of the Mojave Desert a national monument , closed to further development .
The area in question is a 500,000 acre parcel , once owned by the railroads and known as the former Catellus lands , which conservationists acquired between 1999 and 2004 and handed over to the federal government .
The Bureau of Land Management has made the land available for any purpose except mining .
Fourteen solar energy projects and five wind energy projects have now submitted applications to build there , though all the applications are years away from being approved .
" This is unacceptable , " Feinstein wrote in a letter to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
" I urge you to direct the BLM to suspend any further consideration of leases to develop former railroad lands for renewable energy or for any other purpose . "
Feinstein emphasizes that she is not opposed to all solar and wind development but is primarily worried about the projects splitting up habitats in a particularly remote area between Joshua Tree National Park and the Mojave National Preserve .
" Unfortunately , many of the sites now being considered for leases are completely inappropriate and will lead to the wholesale destruction of some of the most pristine areas in the desert , " she wrote to Salazar .
There are already several solar energy plants in the Mojave , which is considered particularly suitable for the purpose because it receives a high amount of solar radiation and is located close to major urban areas .
Developers believe , in the words of a 2005 Wired article , that " the barren deserts of Southern California are known for relentless sunshine and miles of empty space -- the perfect combination for the world 's most ambitious solar - energy projects . "
For conservationists , however , the desert is neither barren nor empty -- and its inhabitants are threatened by deals like the one recently entered into by Southern California Edison , which would install " seven immense arrays of mirrors , towers and turbines , " along with over 200 miles of transmission lines .
David Myers , executive director of the Wildlands Conservancy , which helped arrange for the purchase of the land in question before turning it over to the BLM for public use , warns that the solar projects " would destroy the entire Mojave Desert ecosystem . "
" It 's a violation of trust , not only for Wildlands , but for the public , " notes the Conservancy 's April Sall .
That 's part of how we got so much diverse support , including hunters and off - roaders , because this was about public access and enjoying the Mojave Desert . "
Gary Thomas , a board member of the Society for the Conservation of Bighorn Sheep , charges that " those ( energy ) farms are nothing more than an open pit mine without a pit .
They are going to go in and clean everything out to bare dirt , then they fence them and everything that was living in that place will be gone . "
Many conservationists would like to see the promotion of individual rooftop solar energy collectors rather than massive energy farms , but that seems unlikely to happen .
For example , California law requires that by 2020 , investor - owned utilities must get 20 percent of their electricity from renewable energy .
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger attempted last year to pooh - pooh environmental concerns , saying , " If we can not put solar power plants in the Mojave desert , I do n't know where the hell we can put it . "
Now , however , the governor 's office says it should be possible to address both sets of concerns through careful planning .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
New video has been released showing the moment that a US Airways plane crash landed in the Hudson River .
The footage also shows passengers on the plane 's wing waiting to be rescued .
Recovery teams are preparing to lift the remains of the fuselage of the aircraft and divers will also try to recover the black box flight data recorders .
Two months after ending its assault on the Gaza Strip , the Israeli army was confronted Thursday by the first public allegations from within its ranks of unwarranted killings and other abuses of Palestinian civilians .
The reports in a military institute ’s newsletter resembled accounts given by many Palestinians during and after the winter offensive .
In gripping language cited by two Israeli newspapers , they appeared to support contentions by some human rights groups that Israel had violated the laws of war .
One squad leader said he argued with his commander over rules of engagement that allowed the army to clear out houses by shooting the residents without warning .
“ When we entered a house , we were supposed to bust down the door and start shooting inside and just go up story by story , ” he was quoted as saying .
“ Each story , if we identify a person , we shoot them .
I asked myself : ‘ How is this reasonable ? ’ ”
Advertisement
A second squad leader said that in a separate case a sniper shot and killed a woman and two children because of miscommunication with the Palestinians and between Israeli units .
Soldiers quoted by the daily Haaretz also said wanton destruction of civilian property was common .
Israeli officials had earlier dismissed such accounts , as well as Palestinian claims that almost 1,000 civilians died in the assault , as Palestinian propaganda .
Most Israelis supported the 22 - day operation , which was aimed at halting years of rocket fire by Hamas militants .
They blamed Hamas for civilian casualties in Gaza because its fighters operated in urban neighborhoods .
But the vivid firsthand reports by soldiers who took part in the fighting set off soul - searching in Israel and prompted the army ’s judge advocate - general to order a special investigation .
The military had already launched its own broad review of its conduct during the war .
In a statement Thursday , it said it was not aware of the reported incidents .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak repeated Israel ’s traditional description of its armed forces as “ the most moral in the world . ”
Advertisement
But he added , “ This does not mean that there are no irregularities , and I have no doubt that this will be studied seriously . ”
The soldiers gave their accounts last month at an assembly for students enrolled in a military preparatory school , the Yitzhak Rabin academy .
A transcript of the session appeared this week in the academy ’s newsletter , and excerpts were published in the newspapers Thursday .
“ We heard about what appeared to be grave incidents , unjustified fire at civilians and vandalism of property , ” said Danny Zamir , a retired army officer who heads the academy .
“ But of more concern was the unbridled contempt and reckless disregard for Palestinians . ”
Zamir said he passed the reports to the military chief of staff , Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi .
Advertisement
According to an account by a squad leader , an Israeli sharpshooter killed a Palestinian woman and her two children after they misunderstood another soldier ’s order and turned the wrong way .
The sharpshooter had not been told the civilians were being released from the house where they were confined and , in compliance with standing orders , opened fire when they approached .
“ I do n’t think he felt too bad about it , because after all . . . he did his job according to the orders he was given , ” the squad leader was quoted as saying .
“ And the atmosphere in general [ was that ] the lives of Palestinians , let ’s say , are something very , very less important than the lives of our soldiers , so as far as they are concerned they can justify it that way . ”
In another incident , a different squad leader said an elderly woman was shot dead on orders of a company commander as she walked on a road about 100 yards away .
Advertisement
That squad leader said he argued with his commander over the rules of engagement .
Another soldier quoted in the reports said troops felt they could write “ Death to the Arabs ” on the walls of homes , toss furniture out the windows and spit on family pictures “ just because you can . ”
Neither the soldiers who spoke out nor those who committed alleged abuses were identified in the transcript .
Zamir said those who reported abuses “ felt uncomfortable because they could not prevent them . ”
Several officers and soldiers who were not at the gathering said they were surprised by the accounts .
Advertisement
“ It ’s hard for me to believe these things happened .
They seem unfounded , ” Assaf Dantziger , a 21 - year - old soldier who fought in Gaza , told the Ynet online news service .
If the soldiers saw comrades doing wrong , he added , “ they should have done something about it instead of running out and talking . ”
Moshe Hager , a retired brigadier general who heads a different military academy , said : “ I do not believe a sniper would see a child in his sights and shoot him .
But if such a thing happened it must be investigated . ”
Human rights groups have accused Israel of using disproportionate force and failing to protect civilians .
The Palestinian Center for Human Rights has put the Palestinian death toll in Gaza at 1,434 , including 960 civilians .
Israeli officials say the civilian toll is inflated but have acknowledged that the army used overwhelming force in order to minimize its own casualties .
Thirteen Israelis were killed in the fighting in Gaza or by cross - border rocket fire .
Advertisement
The military ’s own inquiry includes a review of allegations of abuse made by rights groups , but it has announced no findings of wrongdoing .
Amos Harel , a military correspondent for Haaretz , suggested Thursday that the inquiry was a whitewash .
Those being queried are at the company commander level and higher , he said , and “ the rule is ‘ you do n’t ask , we wo n’t tell . ’ ”
“ The ones who finally let the dark secrets out were the soldiers in the combat units , ” Harel wrote .
“ Somewhere along the way their moral warning lights went off . ”
Advertisement
--
boudreaux@latimes.com
Sometimes different is good .
You may not want a strange cup of coffee when you go to Starbucks and you would like for your car to work the way cars should , but in science the peculiar can teach us a lot .
This was the idea behind Halton Arp ’s catalogue of Peculiar Galaxies that appeared in the 1960s .
One of the oddballs listed there is Arp 261 , which has now been imaged in more detail than ever before using the FORS2 instrument on ESO ’s Very Large Telescope .
Arp 261 lies about 70 million light - years distant in the constellation of Libra , the Scales .
Its chaotic and very unusual structure is created by the interaction of two galaxies that are engaged in a slow motion , but highly disruptive close encounter .
This video zooms on the constellation Libra ( the Scales ) to the new ESO image of the curious pair of galaxies Arp 261 , as obtained with the FORS2 instrument on the Very Large Telescope .
Credit : ESO , Digitized Sky Survey 2 and A. FujiiAlthough individual stars are very unlikely to collide in such an event , the huge clouds of gas and dust certainly do crash into each other at high speed , leading to the formation of bright new clusters of very hot stars that are clearly seen in the picture .
The paths of the existing stars in the galaxies are also dramatically disrupted , creating the faint swirls extending to the upper left and lower right of the image .
Both interacting galaxies were probably dwarfs not unlike the Magellanic Clouds orbiting our own galaxy .
The images used to create this picture were not actually taken to study the interacting galaxies at all , but to investigate the properties of the inconspicuous object just to the right of the brightest part of Arp 261 and close to the centre of the image .
This is an unusual exploding star , called SN 1995N , that is thought to be the result of the final collapse of a massive star at the end of its life , a so - called core collapse supernova .
SN 1995N is unusual because it has faded very slowly — and still shows clearly ( see video ) more than seven years after the explosion took place .
It is also one of the few supernovae to have been observed to emit X - rays .
It is thought that these unusual characteristics are a result of the exploding star being in a dense region of space so that the material blasted out from the supernova ploughs into it and creates X - rays .
This color composite image of Arp 261 was created from images obtained using the FORS2 instrument on the ESO Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) , at the Paranal Observatory in Chile .
Located 2600 m above sea level , in the mountains of the Atacama Desert , the Paranal Observatory enjoys some of the clearest and darkest skies on the whole planet .
This image was created from images through blue , green , red and infrared filters and the total exposure time was 45 minutes .
Credit : ESOApart from the interacting galaxy and its supernova the image also contains several other objects at wildly different distances from us .
Starting very close to home , two small asteroids , in our Solar System between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter , happened to cross the images as they were being taken and show up as the red - green - blue trails at the left and top of the picture .
The trails arise as the objects are moving during the exposures and also between the exposures through different coloured filters .
The asteroid at the top is number 14670 and the one to the left number 9735 .
They are probably less than 5 km across .
The reflected sunlight from these small bodies takes about fifteen minutes to get to the Earth .
This color composite image of Arp 261 was created from images obtained using the FORS2 instrument on the ESO Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) , at the Paranal Observatory in Chile .
Located 2600 m above sea level , in the mountains of the Atacama Desert , the Paranal Observatory enjoys some of the clearest and darkest skies on the whole planet .
This image was created from images through blue , green , red and infrared filters and the total exposure time was 45 minutes .
Credit : ESOThe next closest object is probably the apparently bright star at the bottom .
It may look bright , but it is still about one hundred times too faint to be seen with the unaided eye .
It is most likely a star rather like the Sun and about 500 light - years from us — 20 million times further away than the asteroids .
Arp 261 itself , and the supernova , are about 140 000 times further away again than this star , but still in what astronomers would regard as our cosmic neighbourhood .
Much more distant still , perhaps some fifty to one hundred times further away than Arp 261 , lies the cluster of galaxies visible on the right of the picture .
There is no doubt , however , that a much more remote object lies , unrecognised , amongst the faint background objects seen in this marvellous image .
Sadly this is not the man that Obama chose as the new drug czar , but at least they were both former Police Chiefs of the same city .
The man speaking above is named Norm Stamper and he thinks we should legalize drugs after what he witnessed fighting on the front lines of the so called “ war on drugs . ”
Obama has chosen Gil Kerlikowske to take on the position as america ’s top drug cop .
Many anti-prohibition advocates voiced concern that obama chose a cop and not a health advocate to lead the phony “ war on drugs ”
“ While we ’re disappointed that President Obama seems poised to nominate a police chief instead of a major public health advocate as drug czar , we ’re cautiously optimistic that Seattle Police Chief Gil Kerlikowske will support Obama ’s drug policy reform agenda , ” said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , a leading advocate of alternatives to the war on drugs .
“ What gives us hope is the fact that Seattle has been at the cutting edge of harm reduction and other drug policy reform developments in the United States over the last decade , ” Nadelmann said .
A baby girl died almost two weeks ago .
She survived for two months longer than her mother .
Now there are three sisters remaining , all healthy and confused , and a father who is HIV positive but doing well with medication .
She was known affectionately as Baby Peak .
The day before she died I held her for awhile so her sister could have a break to play .
An eleven year old girl who cared for her dying mother , caring for her dying sister , just wanted to cut and glue paper with the other kids .
I did ask her to stop and bring a bottle , which she did , and then I fed Baby Peak .
She burped contentedly and fell asleep on my lap .
I thought , “ Maybe if we all work together we can save her . ”
She had a will to live .
She ate well .
Baby Peak and her sister
She died of AIDS .
Technically , she died of some unknown illness .
She had started on ARV drugs ( that fight HIV ) , but something already had her in its grip too strongly for any drugs to release her .
The local hospital had given up and sent her to the orphanage .
There was hope but not much .
Taking ARV drugs the evening before she died
The next morning ( Monday , February 9 ) we learned that Baby Peak had died in her sleep .
I confess my heart did n’t break when I heard it .
I did n’t know how to feel .
But I found the older sister , took her hand , and led her to where some children were drawing pictures and folding origami .
She joined them and drew a picture of yellow birds and a girl ( or maybe it was her mother … ) .
The yellow birds were origami cranes .
Later I saw a yellow paper crane resting on the flowers that covered Baby Peak .
The father came on his motorcycle .
He has his hands full living with HIV and trying to work .
He only keeps the youngest sister , who cries all day when he ’s gone .
After he arrived there was a brief service , and then a cremation .
It all happened so quickly I almost missed it .
I did n’t bring out my camera for a change .
Not that pictures are bad , but one or two people had their cameras out and that was enough .
I wondered what the father was feeling to lose a daughter so soon after losing his wife .
I sometimes teach a seminar about HIV / AIDS to university students in Japan .
Recently , I was teaching at a Christian university , so I began by asking : “ Is God good ?
How can we say that God is love when children and babies die of AIDS ? ”
Maybe you think that ’s a strange way to start , but I figured that was a question many of them would have , so it was best to bring it out directly .
Most of the students were not Christians , and they have probably had their share of trite questions and answers that do n’t satisfy .
I did n’t want to give my own answer .
My life has been remarkably free from sickness and death , so who am I to act like I have honestly confronted these questions .
But I asked my friend Wayne , the director of the orphanage , to give an answer .
Here is what he said ( which I shared with the class ) :
I believe that GOD is Love .
From a distance PAIN and SUFFERING can appear to be acts of an unjust and unloving GOD but when one realizes that those who have suffered the greatest , are often those who appreciate life the most , then one begins to understand that PAIN and SUFFERING are actually gifts from a Loving Creator .
Perhaps your question should be :
Why does GOD allow some people to live in comfort ?
For those who live in the greatest of comfort are often those who find no meaning in life .
Wayne is not the type to try and give “ correct answers ” ( in the Christian theological sense ) .
He just answers from where he ’s at , and I appreciate that .
The students did , too .
Baby Peak ’s death was a dose of reality for us ( the Japanese volunteers and me ) .
It was a reminder that people are still dying of AIDS , and if we leave the relative security of Japan and go out to where the poor live “ outside the gates ” then we may find suffering and death there .
We also find life there .
When we push death away and choose comfort , we also push life away and choose illusion .
Coming back from Narita Airport on the train , I felt like I was the only person who could see .
Everyone looked lost in various worlds , numb or deluded .
I did n’t avert my eyes , like I ’m used to doing here , but looked at people wondering how they had fallen asleep and what would wake them up .
Now a week has passed , and I ’m intent on keeping my own eyes open .
SOME schoolchildren believe Auschwitz is the name of a type of beer or a religious festival , rather than the Nazi extermination camp , research published today reveals .
About 1.3 million people perished in the death camp during the Second World War , but a survey of more than 1,000 pupils aged 11 - 16 in secondary school revealed that a quarter still did not know its purpose .
About 10 per cent were not sure what it was , 8 per cent thought it was a country bordering Germany , 2 per cent thought it was a beer , the same proportion said it was a religious festival and a further 1 per cent said it was a type of bread .
Read more at The Scotsman
Early in the last century , near the end of his 34 bloody years in power , the aging Mexican strongman Porfirio Diaz mused that his country ’s great misfortune was to be located “ so far from God and so near the United States . ”
The shrewd old thief ’s observation came to mind this week when U.S. officials announced they ’d joined with Mexican authorities in arresting more than 730 people allegedly linked to the Sinaloa drug cartel .
That gang is the most powerful of the numerous criminal organizations smuggling drugs into the United States .
Their intramural quarrels and resistance to a government crackdown have plunged Mexico into a round of violence unseen since the Cristero Wars in the 1920s .
Over the last year , about 6,000 Mexicans have been killed .
Many fear that Mexico could be sliding into civil instability because of the cartels ’ increasing willingness to use violence and bribery to protect their business .
It ’s an old story in other parts of Latin America , and for that reason , three of the region ’s former heads of state -- including onetime Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo -- recently issued a report urging the U.S. to consider legalizing at least marijuana .
Fat chance .
Similarly , at a news conference this week , Atty .
Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. set off a firestorm when he mentioned in passing that the U.S. should consider restoring its ban on the sale of military - style assault weapons .
That prohibition , adopted in 1994 , contained a clause requiring Congress to renew the ban after 10 years .
To nobody ’s surprise , Congress did n’t , and now assault weapons , semiautomatic pistols and .50 - caliber rifles that are illegal in Mexico flow into the hands of the drug traffickers there from an estimated 6,000 American gun dealers in Texas , New Mexico , Arizona and California .
Advertisement
Thus , America ’s political decisions to treat drug addiction as a crime rather than a public health problem , and to legalize AK - 47 s but not pot , fuel an incipient civil war in Mexico .
Mexico is a complex country with a resourceful and creative people .
It also is -- like other Latin American nations ravaged by the drug trade -- burdened with a stunted civil society , chronic maldistribution of wealth , ingrained corruption and endemic political violence .
These pathologies have made it painfully susceptible to the social and economic distortions created by America ’s seemingly insatiable desire for drugs .
For a country as proud of its cultural autonomy as Mexico traditionally has been , one of the bitter ironies must be the way in which the pseudo - romantic culture of drug trafficking has commandeered so much of the nation ’s popular imagination .
In the cities of Mexico ’s northern and western states , traffickers and wannabe narcos mimic the dress and tattoos of Los Angeles ’ street gangs .
One of Mexico ’s most ubiquitous popular music genres is the narco - corrido , ballads built on traditional norteno dance music but with lyrics that romanticize the drug trade .
It ’s a brand of music born in the cantinas , dance clubs and swap meets of L.A. and the Coachella Valley , in large part because of a gifted young composer named Rosalino “ Chalino ” Sanchez .
Advertisement
He was born on a ranch in Sinaloa , an epicenter of Mexico ’s drug trade , and had to flee as an illegal immigrant to California after killing a local drug trafficker who had raped his sister .
Initially , he worked the Coachella fields , but soon found a place in Southern California ’s thriving underground Mexican music scene .
Sometimes , Sanchez simply set down the stories he heard from the dealers and smugglers in the bars and at the swap meets ; sometimes , he worked on commissions from the narcos themselves , minor criminals who saw a chance for cassette - based immortality .
In 1992 , he returned to Sinaloa for a concert and was murdered execution - style .
His killers never were found , but his narcocorridos spawned an army of imitators .
Sanchez ’s strange and tragic story is a metaphor for the destructive symbiosis in which the U.S. and Mexico find themselves .
As Times reporter Sam Quinones , who profiled Sanchez for his book , “ True Tales From Another Mexico , ” puts it , “ Los Angeles is Mexico ’s culture factory . ”
Mexico ’s drug war could escalate into widespread civil strife with incalculable consequences for the U.S. -- and , particularly , the Southwest .
And we ’re kidding ourselves if we insist that this is a problem that can be wholly solved south of the border , or quarantined there if events spiral out of control .
It ’s impossible to know how close either the United States or Mexico is to God , but geographically , culturally and economically , they ’ve never been closer to one another .
Advertisement
If Americans really are concerned about the horrific toll inflicted by Mexico ’s narco - gangsters , we need to ask some tough questions about our own cultural and political delusions .
--
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine said he will " absolutely " sign a medical marijuana bill for chronically and terminally ill patients if it gets to his desk .
Corzine , a Democrat running for re-election , made the comments Wednesday morning on WNYC radio's " Brian Lehrer Show . "
Medical marijuana
He told Lehrer the law could be structured so patients are comfortable and there are safeguards against abuses .
The Senate approved the bill Monday .
It faces an uncertain fate in the Assembly .
Thirteen states have medical marijuana laws on the books .
All but four came about because of voter referendums .
In New Jersey , the Legislature must change the law .
Corzine also said on the show that the $ 17 billion - plus in federal stimulus money headed to New Jersey will generate or protect 100,000 jobs .
He told Lehrer that the jobs tally includes keeping police officers , firefighters and teachers who might have been laid off in the deepening recession .
The governor and the Legislature will have little control over most of the money , including $ 7.5 billion in tax breaks , Corzine said .
Much of the $ 10 billion or so in spending is earmarked for programs like Medicaid or the unemployment insurance fund .
Corzine said a screening process will be set up for discretionary spending on projects like clean energy and road and bridge repairs .
-- THE NEW JERSEY GOVERNOR'S RACE
Complexity from simplicity
The motto of these pages is complexity which arises from very simple rules .
Complexity can unfold in the time domain as well as in space .
An example for complexity in the time domain is the behaviour of physical systems governed by very simple , but non-linear , equations .
These describe how the system develops over time .
Typically , the " simple " , regular solutions to these equations are outnumbered by very complicated solutions exhibiting quasi periodic and chaotic behaviour .
Go to the Nonlinear Mappings page to explore .
Cellular automata , thoroughly investigated by Stephen Wolfram in his " A new Kind of Science " are discrete variants of time dependent complex systems .
Complexity in the space domain is exhibited by fractal structures like the Sierpinski Gasket , Penrose tilings or also by tensegrity structures , in which simple sticks and strings combine to form quite intricate objects ( here " complex " is used more in the sense of complicated and interesting , rather than in its technical meaning ) .
Back to top of page
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Children born to older men perform worse in intelligence tests than those with younger fathers , researchers have found .
A review of medical records of more than 30,000 children showed that those born to 20 - year - old men scored on average three points higher in IQ tests than children whose fathers were 50 - years - old when they were born .
The finding is the first to link men's age to impaired cognitive ability in their children and builds on recent work that suggests older men are more likely to have children with congenital heart defects , autism , schizophrenia and childhood cancers .
The same study found that children 's IQ was marginally higher if they were born to older mothers , a finding scientists have put down to those women spending more time caring for and nurturing their infants .
The poorer performance of children with older fathers may be due to several factors , including how they interact with their children , but many scientists believe that genetic mutations that build up in the sperm of older men are to blame .
John McGrath at the Queensland Centre for Mental Health Research in Australia analysed records for 33,437 children born in the US between 1959 and 1965 .
The data included the children 's scores on a variety of intelligence tests at the age of eight months , four years and seven years .
After taking into account differences in the parents ' education and financial security , McGrath found a range of subtle impairments among children whose fathers were older , according to a report in the journal Plos medicine .
The differences in IQ scores are of concern because the age of fathers is rising .
25 % of 1993 births in England and Wales were to men aged 35 to 54 - years - old , but by 2003 , that figure had risen to 40 % .
PRINCETON , NJ --
With all eyes on the possibility of increased U.S. government ownership of embattled bank Citibank , and with increased discussion of the need for a government takeover of other major banks , a new USA Today / Gallup poll indicates that Americans ' reactions to these prospects vary significantly , depending on how the process is described to them .
A majority of Americans ( 54 % ) favor a temporary government " takeover " of major U.S. banks , but a much lower minority ( 37 % ) favor a temporary " nationalization " of the banks .
The new poll , conducted Feb. 20 - 22 , used a split - sample technique to gauge the impact of different descriptions of the bank takeover situation .
A random half of the sample was asked whether they favored or opposed " the federal government temporarily taking over major U.S. banks in danger of failing in an attempt to stabilize them , " while the other half was asked whether they favored or opposed " the federal government temporarily nationalizing major U.S. banks in danger of failing in an attempt to stabilize them . "
( Separate Gallup questioning shows only 39 % favoring " giving aid to U.S. banks and financial companies in danger of failing , " when this idea is included in a list of possible steps the government could take to deal with problems in the economy .
Fifty - nine percent oppose it .
These results are almost identical to those seen regarding possible " nationalizing " of banks . )
Taken together , these results reflect the power of language when it comes to describing government policies : the words " taking over " are significantly more palatable to the average American than " nationalizing . "
The data thus suggest that a great deal of fluidity exists in Americans ' attitudes toward the ways the federal government could relate to the current banking crisis .
A majority of Americans object to " nationalizing " the banks temporarily ( and an equally large majority object to " giving aid " to banks in danger of failing ) .
At the same time , it is possible that a majority of Americans could be persuaded to support the government 's " taking control " of major U.S. banks , at least temporarily .
It appears the final determination of whether a majority of the public ends up supporting government actions regarding bank ownership will depend on exactly how the whole process plays out .
Not surprisingly , there are significant partisan differences in response to the two ways of asking about the government 's taking control of banks .
Democrats are more likely than independents and , in particular , Republicans to favor the government 's taking over or nationalizing major U.S. banks , regardless of the question wording ; Republicans are the least likely to respond affirmatively to either wording .
Implications
It is likely that , on average , the American public has not thought much about the prospect of the government having to take majority ownership of ailing major banks in order to keep them from failing .
Thus , when confronted with a survey question asking about just such a possibility , the public appears to be particularly susceptible to the way the idea is described .
It seems clear that the word " nationalizing " does not have a great deal of appeal ; a majority opposes government involvement when it is described in this way .
In contrast , " taking over " appears to have a more benign connotation , and a majority favors the process when it is so described .
These results may indicate the potential range of public opinion if and when this issue becomes a prominent one and a realistic possibility .
The range is fairly large , stretching from 37 % to 54 % approval , suggesting that in many ways , either side could win the battle for public support for this type of policy -- and the side that prevails may do so on the basis of how the issue of government involvement is framed .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,013 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Feb. 20 - 22 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
The remarkable honey bee can tell the difference between different numbers at a glance .
A fresh , astonishing revelation about the ' numeracy ' of insects has emerged from new research by an international team of scientists from The Vision Centre , in Australia .
In an exquisitely designed experiment , researchers led by Dr. Shaowu Zhang , Chief Investigator of The Vision Centre and Australian National University and Professor Hans Gross and Professor Juergen Tautz of Wurzburg University in Germany , have shown that bees can discriminate between patterns containing two and three dots – without having to count the dots .
And , with a bit of schooling , they can learn to tell the difference between three and four dots .
However at four , bee maths seems to run out : the team found their honeybees could n't reliably tell the difference between four dots and five or six .
In the study , the bees flew though an entry of a Y - maze marked with a pattern of either two or three dots , which were signposts to the reward .
They then had to choose between two patterns by correctly matching the number of dots , to find where the reward was – a feat they then managed to repeat reliably once they had learned that two dots at the first entry meant they had to look for two dots at one of the second pair of patterns , where the reward was hidden .
Careful control over the experimental environment showed the bees were not using colour , smell or other clues to find their way to the hidden sugar - water reward , says Dr. Zhang .
advertisement
" My colleague Professor Srinivasan has demonstrated that bees can count up to four landmarks on their way from their hive to a food source .
This new research shows they can tell the difference between different numbers – even when we change the pattern , shape or the colour of the dots ! "
Presenting blue and yellow dots , stars and lemons , or random patterns did n't fool the clever insects , which continued to reliably navigate their way to the reward once they had figured out and memorised what the signs meant , based on number .
To begin with , the bees spent quite a bit of time scanning the dots .
On later visits they zipped straight past them , once they knew what they meant .
" Bees can definitely recognise the difference between two , three and four – although four a little less reliably .
This is a process known as ' subitizing ' – which means responding rapidly to a small number of items .
" We think the bees are using two memory systems , " Dr. Zhang says .
" First is working memory , which they use to recall the number of dots that point to the reward .
The second system is to use memory rules .
We found this out by changing the pattern of the dots - but the bees still managed to locate the reward . "
The experiment also demonstrates the remarkable learning power of social insects , which have to go out foraging over long distances – the Vision Centre team has tracked bees over distances as great as 11 kilometres – and then find their way back to the hive , and out to the food source again reliably .
Dr. Zhang says the ability to discriminate between different numbers is part of this navigation , perhaps as bees pass clumps of two trees or three trees on their way to the food source , or use similar patterns among flowers or other landmarks as they draw close to it .
" There has been a lot of evidence that vertebrates , such as pigeons , dolphins or monkeys , have some numerical competence – but we never expected to find such abilities in insects .
Our feeling now is that – so far as these very basic skills go – there is probably no boundary between insects , animals and us . "
The tantalising question is whether bees can actually perform elementary arithmetic - and Shaowu and his colleagues are already planning an experiment to explore it .
Well the stimulus package is finally finished .
A tough new bank - rescue plan to boost lending and limit outrageous pay are part of President Obama ..
Even troubled homeowners may even get some relief .
All said and done , the government could spend more than $ 3 trillion to help end the recession .
All we have to do now is sit back and watch the economy grow , am I correct ?
One risk of the unprecedented government intervention is that it wo n’t do all that much to speed up the end of the recession .
Another risk is that consumers , expecting a magic fix , could fail to prepare for tough times that still lie ahead .
Obama himself said at his first press conference .
“ This is going to be a difficult year , If we get things right , then starting next year we can start seeing some significant improvement . ”
Next year ?
I ’m afraid not .
A large number of economists agree that it will take that long , at least , before the biggest problems – mounting layoffs , the housing bust , the banking crisis , and plunging confidence – start to turn around .
Whether the stimulus package is actually working , and when the economy might start to mend , here are a few things to watch .
Improvement In The Unemployment Rate .
Of all the economic indicators , this is probably the single most important .
But you might want to avert your eyes for awhile .
If the stimulus plan works it might come close to creating 3 to 4 million jobs which Obama has talked about ..
And that – over several years , combined .
But it ’s almost certain that through this summer and into the fall , there will be a net job loss , not a gain .
Most economists expect the unemployment rate , now 7.6 percent , to hit at least 9 percent by the end of this year .
That represents up to 2 million more lost jobs .
But the pink slips have n’t all gone out yet , so the layoffs have n’t shows up in the official numbers .
Read
The first sign of an improvement will be …corporate silence .
Once that happens ( or does n’t ) , the unemployment rate will plateau .
Then , companies might start hiring again , and a couple of months after that , the unemployment rate will start to fall .
Three straight monthly declines would be a good sign that the economy is really on the rebound ..
In all probability that probably wo n’t happen until 2010 .
If you ’re wondering what the point of the stimulus package is if it wo n’t do much to help workers in 2009 , look to 2010 .
That ’s where the plan will make a bigger difference .
Moody ’s Economy.com estimates that by the middle of 2010 , the unemployment rate will start to drift back toward 8.5 percent .
But without any stimulus plan , it would have hit 11 percent .
Stable Home Prices .
The real - estate boom and bust is what triggered the economy in the first place , and the economy wo n’t start to recover until the housing bubble fully deflates .
The good news is that housing prices have already been falling since more than two years , with a drop of 20 percent in prices nationwide , and we might be half way towards the bottom .
Housing prices should stop falling nationwide by the second half of 2009 .
Overall , the forecasting firm predicts a 30 percent drop in home values from the peak values of 2006 .
Once prices stabilize , buyers will stop worrying that they could be purchasing a costly asset that ’s falling in value .
As they buy , other kinds of consumer activity – like shopping for furniture and kitchen upgrades – will follow .
Rebound In Consumer Confidence .
Since consumer confidence closely tracks the job market , the dismal numbers of the last few months probably wo n’t improve by much until late in 2009 , or 2010 .
Homeowners have lost more than $ 3 trillion worth of value in their homes over the last three years , and investors have seen their stock portfolios shredded .
So even people who feel secure in their jobs are dour .
A turnaround in the housing or stock markets would break the gloom and help some people feel better off .
So would easier lending by banks , which would help solvent consumers buy a few more cars , appliances , and other goods .
But consumer confidence wo n’t really start to improve until workers start to feel more secure about their jobs and income .
Think 2010 .
Less Volatile Stock Market .
Every investor hopes that stocks will come roaring back in 2009 and regain some of the ground lost since the peak in 2007 – when the S&P 500 stock index was nearly 50 percent higher than it is today .
A better indicator of economic health would be a steady recovery – without the manic swings that seem to come from every hint of undisclosed trouble at some big Bank .
Since the stock market is deeply dependent on psychology and other intangibles , this makes it harder to predict than most other parts of the economy .
The market could bounce back by mid-summer .
Or it could remain stagnant for years , like it did for most of the 1970s .
The experts ca n’t be any surer than you or I .
One hopeful sign would be less market sensitivity to events in Washington .
The biggest market mover these days is the federal government , since fortunes stand to be won or lost – mostly lost – depending on how deeply the government intervenes in the activities of mega banks , and how much federal spending will be available to stand in for plunging consumer spending .
Since the government seems to be the only institution spending money so far in 2009 , it could be awhile before Wall Street returns to form .
Positive Turn In Economic Growth .
By all economic standards , the current downturn has already lasted longer than the typical post - World War II recession
Yet there ’s still a lot more pain to endure .
A recent survey of economists by the Wall Street Journal found that the majority think the economy will continue to contract for the first half of 2009 , with growth turning positive in the second half of the year .
It ’s always possible that impatient consumers will get sick of holding back , and start running up their credit card balances once again ( if the banks let them ) .
The bank - rescue plan might spur more lending than expected , goosing businesses and consumers alike .
Or the stimulus plan might spread goodwill and optimism throughout the land .
If you get the urge to spend , that might be the strongest indicator of all .
Darren Star , executive producer of the new series " Cashmere Mafia " takes part in a panel discussion at the ABC television network Summer press tour for television critics in Beverly Hills , California July 25 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Darren Star , creator of one of HBO ’s signature series , “ Sex and the City , ” has inked a two - year first - look deal with the pay cable network .
Under the pact , he will create a series , his first solo creation in almost a decade .
He also will shepherd comedy and drama projects from other writers .
“ They say you can never go home again , but with this deal at HBO , I feel I am , ” Star said .
“ I can say from my fortunate experience that there is nothing in the world quite like having a series on HBO . ”
Star ’s experience at HBO was mostly with the network ’s previous regime -- on “ Sex ” and on Star ’s most recent project there , “ Diary of a Manhattan Call Girl , ” which was put in development by Chris Albrecht , who left his post as chairman and CEO in 2007 .
But Star said he already has developed great rapport with HBO ’s new programing executives .
In addition to the Emmy - winning “ Sex , ” Star ’s series creator credits include Fox ’s “ Beverly Hills , 90210 ” and its spinoff , “ Melrose Place ” -- both enjoying a second life with their CW updates -- as well as the critically praised WB comedy “ Grosse Pointe . ”
Rails 2.3 is almost ready for release , but this package is so stock full of amazing new stuff that we ’re making dutifully sure that everything works right before we call it official .
So please help us do thorough testing of this release candidate .
Lots of the underpinnings changed .
Especially the move to Rack .
So we need solid testing and will probably have a slightly longer than average release candidate phase to account for that .
But boy will it be worth it .
This is one of the most substantial upgrades to Rails in a very long time .
A brief rundown of the top hitters :
Templates :
Allows your new skeleton Rails application to be built your way with your default stack of gems , configs , and more .
: Allows your new skeleton Rails application to be built your way with your default stack of gems , configs , and more .
Engines :
Share reusable application pieces complete with routes that Just Work , models , view paths , and the works .
: Share reusable application pieces complete with routes that Just Work , models , view paths , and the works .
Rack :
Rails now runs on Rack which gives you access to all the middleware goodness .
: Rails now runs on Rack which gives you access to all the middleware goodness .
Metal :
Write super fast pieces of optimized logic that routes around Action Controller .
: Write super fast pieces of optimized logic that routes around Action Controller .
Nested forms : Deal with complex forms so much easier .
And that ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
We ’ve put together a complete guide for the Rails 2.3 release notes with much more information .
You can install the release candidate with :
gem install rails -- source http://gems.rubyonrails.org
Enjoy , report the bugs , and let ’s get Rails 2.3 final out the door soon .
Happy Transgender Day of Visibility , today March 31st is the groundbreaking and first time this holiday is being celebrated .
Unlike Transgender Day of Remembrance , where we mourn those we lost to hate crimes based on gender identity / expression , today is a day to focus on the living and the positive aspects of the trans community and to promote education , awareness and visibility of this segment of the population .
Events are being held throughout the world , including presentations , films , and people attending school in drag , as well as groups meeting to discuss trans politics , safety , and the commitment to futher recognition of trans people .
How to do you budget for social media ?
In fact , do you have to budget for social media ?
Isn ' the majority of it free ?
A budget is more than just money and it's important to develop an accurate one to keep on track .
Time
This is the most important thing to include in your social media budget .
One of the perks of social media tools are that the majority of them are free .
But are they really ?
Once you factor in the time it takes for someone to complete the social media tasks , the cost goes up .
Example : Let 's say you have someone posting a blog post every day who gets paid $ 25 an hour .
If it takes them an hour to write a blog post , then : Let 's say you have someone posting a blog post every day who gets paid $ 25 an hour .
If it takes them an hour to write a blog post , then :
5 hours a week x $ 25 an hour = $ 125 a week
It 's important to determine what the true value of your time spent on each social media tool is to better understand whether the tool is a viable option for your organization .
Professional Development
New social media tools pop up everyday .
There are also new applications for your existing ones .
Setting aside a professional development fund is crucial .
Whether the social media user attends a conference , buys a book or just takes time to learn new things , it 's money that needs to be allocated .
Future Costs
Although it seems a little unnecessary to plan for costs that are n't actually in your budget , I recommend having some money set aside ( if possible ) for future costs .
What if that great social media tool you 've been using suddenly makes people pay for it ?
Some social media tools , like blogs have the ability to purchase ' premium features ' that enhance it .
Technology
Another thing to consider is the technology costs .
If you look at your current technology and realize that you need to upgrade , costs are going to be incurred .
Knowing from the outset whether you need certain technologies for certain social media tools will help you avoid panic down the road .
Budgeting for social media is extremely important and will help sustain any social media program you implement in your organization .
Update :
After getting some great ideas about things I missed , I will be posting a part two tomorrow !
Weather visualizations are very interesting — there are television channels that thrive by showing nothing else .
Online , there are several sources for specific maps of current weather conditions .
Generally these are produced and maintained by government agencies or other large organizations .
But with Mathematica 7 , you can easily produce completely customizable weather visualizations on your own computer .
As usual , this is made possible by Mathematica ’s tight integration of several areas of functionality .
Two new features that enable this particular application are powerful new vector visualization functions and built - in weather data .
Vector visualization has been present in Mathematica since Version 2 .
In Mathematica 7 it has been dramatically improved , adding modern techniques in vector data visualization and new algorithms developed at Wolfram Research .
Traditional arrow - based vector plots , new methods based on automatic streamline placement , support for vector glyphs and high - resolution images produced using line integral convolutions are all now supported .
Meanwhile , the new WeatherData function provides access to data from all public weather stations worldwide .
Real - time and historical data on temperature , pressure , wind speed and many other variables is immediately available for mathematical analysis and visualization .
Here is the position of every station , marked with its most recently reported wind velocity :
Comparing the daily mean temperatures in Cairo , Egypt , and Sydney , Australia , for the last three years is this easy :
Let ’s see how to combine these features to produce our own weather maps .
Here ’s how to make a ListStreamPlot of the current wind direction across Italy :
Not bad for a single input !
We used the CountryData function , which was introduced in Mathematica 6 , to obtain a polygonal representation of Italy .
Now let ’s build up some more detailed visualizations , step by step .
Here ’s a function that gives a polygonal outline of a country or region :
Stream plots of wind direction like the one we produced above can be a little deceptive , because they do n’t convey any information about wind speed .
We can use WeatherData to include wind speed information :
Here ’s a tabulation of wind velocity vectors as a function of latitude and longitude :
These are all the ingredients we need to produce a customized ListVectorPlot :
Using our wind speed data we can revisit ListStreamPlot .
A stream plot is a good option when the positioning of the underlying data points on a rectangular grid might be distracting in a ListVectorPlot .
In the following stream plot , we color stream lines according to the local wind speed ( brighter colors indicate higher speeds ) :
A lot is going on behind the scenes in ListStreamPlot .
Note the way stream lines are automatically positioned to have uniform density across the plot .
Let ’s further customize our weather visualization .
Here ’s a tabulation of wind velocity and temperature over Africa :
( The last line filters out weather stations that are currently offline . )
The new function ListVectorDensity Plot visualizes vector data together with an accompanying scalar field :
A slight variation on the above code ( download the source notebook ) produces this pressure / wind map of the United States :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - More than 318,000 homes and businesses remained without power Tuesday after snow and ice storms January 27 - 28 left almost 1.7 million customers in the dark from Oklahoma to Pennsylvania , local utilities reported .
A lineman works to restore electricity to more than 200,000 Louisville residents , days after an ice storm hit the city January 30 , 2009 .
REUTERS / John Sommers II
More than 200,000 customers were powerless in Kentucky and 100,000 in Arkansas .
With snow falling Tuesday across the Bluegrass State and highs expected in the 20s and 30s F though Thursday , Kentuckians who remained in or returned to their dark homes may not be able to stay until the power is turned back on .
About 39 percent of the homes in Kentucky use electricity for heat , versus the U.S. average of about 30 percent , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
The average high in Louisville is about 43 degrees at this time of year , according to AccuWeather.com .
E.ON U.S. , which owns Louisville Gas and Electric Co and Kentucky Utilities Co , said it could take seven to 10 days to restore service to all 95,000 customers still without service .
A spokesman for the electric cooperatives in Kentucky with some 127,000 customers still without power said it could take up to a month to restore service to customers in the most remote areas .
The cooperatives serve the more rural parts of the state .
E.ON U.S. , a subsidiary of German energy company E.ON AG , owns and operates about 8,000 megawatts of generating capacity and transmits and distributes electricity to more than 900,000 customers and natural gas to more than 325,000 customers in Kentucky .
In Arkansas , Entergy Corp said it hopes to restore power to most of the 33,000 customers still without service by this weekend .
Entergy , of New Orleans , owns and operates about 30,000 MW of generating capacity , markets energy commodities and transmits and distributes power to 2.7 million customers in Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas .
John McCain says he was a puppet for the Republican National Committee and therefore should not be held accountable for a presidential campaign commercial that used the popular song " Running on Empty " by Jackson Browne without permission .
But the Los Angeles federal judge presiding over the copyright - infringement case was not buying it .
The judge refused late Friday to remove the Arizona senator from the lawsuit in which he and the Republican National Committee are accused of violating the rights to Browne 's 1977 hit .
Here 's what McCaintoldthe judge ( .pdf ) handling the case :
I was not involved at all in any way in the writing , creation , production , distribution or dissemination of the video , nor do I have any knowledge whatsoever of how this video was written , created , produced or disseminated or who was involved in any aspect of the writing , creation , production , distribution or dissemination of the video .
I was completely unaware that this video even existed until I was informed of it after this lawsuit was filed .
Despite McCain 's claims of being a hapless dupe for his party , U.S. District Judge R. Gary Klausner said ( .pdf ) the RNC and McCain were so intertwined — what the judge called an " agency relationship " — that McCain stays in the case .
The judge wrote that , even if McCain 's statement were true , " once an agency relationship is established , the principal is liable for the acts of her agent , even if the principal does not expressly authorize or instruct her agent to take any action . "
The judge also did not agree with the Republicans and McCain that Browne 's lawsuit was bogus .
Among other things , the judge kept the lawsuit alive to give the defendants a chance to demonstrate how using about 20 seconds of the song in the commercial was a fair use .
The August commercial was broadcast on YouTube and cable television .
It played Browne 's music in a McCain commercial criticizing Barack Obama 's energy policy .
The song was purchased on iTunes .
Browne claims that the commercial falsely suggested he endorsed McCain and the Republican Party .
" Nothing could be further from the truth , " Browne said .
The judge scheduled an April 20 hearing to determine how to proceed with Browne 's lawsuit .
The ad initially ran in Ohio , but the Ohio Republican Party was removed from the case .
See Also :
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke testifies before the Senate Budget Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington , March 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Saturday the U.S. central bank would use all of its tools to stabilize financial markets and pull the economy out of recession .
“ At the Federal Reserve , we will continue to forcefully deploy all the tools at our disposal as long as necessary to support the restoration of financial stability and the resumption of healthy economic growth , ” he said in remarks prepared for delivery at a naming ceremony in Dillon , South Carolina .
A copy of his remarks was distributed in Washington .
Bernanke , who grew up in Dillon , where his family operated a drugstore , spoke at a ceremony naming Exit 190 of Interstate 95 in his honor .
Bernanke is due to give a speech in Washington next week on financial regulation .
The Fed lowered benchmark interest rates to near zero in December , the last of seven rate cuts in 2008 that took the fed funds rate down from 4.25 percent at the beginning the year in one of the most aggressive rate - cutting sprees in the central bank ’s history .
In addition to chopping rates , the Fed has pumped hundreds of billions of dollars into financial markets in what Bernanke calls “ credit easing ” to revive economic activity .
The U.S. economy slid into recession beginning in December 2007 after the collapse of housing markets led to mortgage failures and huge losses at financial institutions .
Economic distress gained momentum in September with the failure of investment bank Lehman Brothers and the government rescue of insurer American International Group Inc .
On a routine " broll shoot " for a news story , I was just filming wide shots of the Federal Reserve building in Washington DC .
I was on the public sidewalk , no tripod , with a medium sized camera .
I had filmed the White House , Treasury , Capitol Building , and National Academy of Sciences with no problem .
45 seconds into filming the shoot , Federal Reserve Police approached claiming I was breaking the law .
" But this is THE FEDERAL RESERVE , SIR . "
Mayor ditches Houston plan to pay homebuyers ’ debt
White backs off ' credit enhancement ' with tax dollars
Houston plan ' hit a nerve across this country , ' councilwoman says
Mayor Bill
White yanked a controversial plan Tuesday that called for the city to use taxpayer funds to pay off some personal debts for first - time homebuyers , following a flood of outrage and criticism from across the city and beyond .
“ I do n’t think we ought to be in the business of paying off someone ’s debt so they can buy a house , ” White conceded during an impassioned City Council meeting .
“ Paying off people ’s credit cards is ridiculous . ”
Many council members expressed “ embarrassment ” over the idea , which received national media attention after the Chronicle wrote about it in Tuesday ’s editions .
The story appeared to strike a nerve among taxpayers already angry over the recession , the housing meltdown , and federal bailouts of banks and automobile companies .
“ Everybody ’s outraged about this , ” said Councilman Ron Greene , adding that a constituent e-mailed him a copy of a bill and asked him to pay it .
“ This was not well reasoned . ”
The “ Credit Score Enhancement Program ” would have given up to $ 3,000 in grants to individuals who are trying to qualify for mortgages through the city ’s homebuyers assistance program .
City officials had said some applicants fall short of eligibility by only 10 or 20 points on their credit scores , and paying off some debt balances can quickly improve their numbers .
Councilwoman Pam Holm waved a thick stack of e-mails from angry residents .
“ I do not understand how we can ever justify spending taxpayer dollars to pay somebody ’s credit card , ” she said .
“ I do n’t understand how it can be even considered to come up .
I am truly embarrassed .
I think it shows poor leadership . ”
National outrage
Kris Errickson , a stay - at - home mom from northwest Houston , appeared before council to voice her indignation .
“ This proposal is a slap in the face for the average Joe who is trying to get ahead , ” Errickson said .
“ The government should not punish taxpayers and bail out those who can not buy homes . ”
Errickson said later that she and her family moved recently from the Heights to a less - expensive home near Timbergrove .
“ We adjusted our living so we could afford to live in a house , ” she said .
“ If you ca n’t afford it , and you ca n’t qualify , then you should n’t have it , ” she said .
Councilwoman Anne Clutterbuck said news of the plan had hit a nerve across the country .
“ Giving people the ability to increase their credit score artificially because we ’re allowing them to pay off their credit cards is exactly what got us into this ( national economic ) crisis in the first place , ” she said .
Hoped to curb crime
Councilman Jarvis Johnson said the $ 3,000 grants were not a good idea but said the city needed to promote home ownership because it increases the tax base and lowers crime .
“ If you look at where the money was going to be put , into Houston Hope areas , they are areas that are typically underdeveloped ­­ — where there is crime because of a lack of home ownership , ” he said .
The $ 3,000 grants — and accompanying down - payment assistance , which can be as high as $ 37,500 — would have been available only to those who agreed to buy a home in a Houston Hope area .
Those neighborhoods , which the city is trying to revitalize , include Sunnyside , Denver Harbor , Fifth Ward , Trinity Gardens and Acres Homes .
Applicants cannot earn more than 80 percent of the area ’s median income .
While the mayor is responsible for what appears on the council ’s weekly agenda , White placed the genesis of the idea with the city ’s Department of Housing & Community Development .
He said the staff member ’s intentions were good .
“ As the mortgage markets are collapsing , banks are no longer buying mortgages , then people who can afford a house are not able to buy a house and that ’s what the staff was trying to address , ” White said .
The $ 444,000 proposed for the program was leftover money from a $ 1.5 million appropriation the city made for emergency home and roof repairs after Hurricane Ike .
Councilwoman Wanda Adams said the money should be spent on those still in need of home repairs .
Good intentions
Housing Director Richard S. Celli said that the plan would only have been able to help applicants pay off installment debt like student loans , and not revolving debts , such as credit cards .
“ This program was never intended to pay off someone ’s flat - screen plasma TV , ” Celli said .
“ This program was intended for hardworking , credit worthy low - to moderate - income individuals who needed a helping hand in paying off some debt like a medical bill or a student loan .
The city has provided down payment grants and closing costs for 872 families since 2005 .
Only one family has ever had a foreclosure , Celli said .
carolyn.feibel@chron.com
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Thursday , February 5 , 2009
The New Orleans Police Department , along with 150 active duty U.S. troops , are currently engaging in what they describe as “ military training ” as black helicopters whizz around the city dropping bombs in the latest example of Americans being incrementally conditioned to accept a state of de facto martial law .
The training has been ongoing since January 27 and involves “ the use of military helicopters flying after dark throughout the city , ” according to an Associated Press report .
Residents were warned “ not to panic ” if they witnessed the training and were assured that the activities had “ been carefully planned and are safe ” .
However , initial reports before the exercises began claimed that the training would only involve police , when in fact 150 U.S. troops from the U.S. Special Operations Command are also involved as part of urban warfare training .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Residents described hearing low flying helicopters and even bombs during the course of last night .
“ I heard a bunch of explosions starting at about 10 p.m .
They were about ten seconds apart , and then they ’d stop , and we thought it was over , but then they started again , ” said Gigi Burk .
The exercises are scheduled to end on February 8 .
The militarization of law enforcement has rapidly advanced since 9/11 as part of a general program to prepare Americans for outright martial law following a mass casualty event .
A new bill introduced in Congress authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to set up a network of FEMA camp facilities to be used to house U.S. citizens in the event of a national emergency .
The National Emergency Centers
Act or HR 645 mandates the establishment of “ national emergency centers ” to be located on military installations for the purpose of to providing “ temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster , ” according to the bill .
With active duty military personnel already being stationed inside the U.S. under Northcom , partly for purposes of “ crowd control , ” fears that Americans could be incarcerated in detainment camps are all too real .
A resident filmed the helicopters at night around the University of New Orleans Lakefront Campus on February 3 .
Watch the clip below .
This article was posted : Thursday , February 5 , 2009 at 1:57 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
it 's come to my attention that several of the patches in the qPatchLib are wildly inefficient due to my limited understanding of the quartz composer engine .
alas i do n't have the resources to fix them , so they are provided to you " as is " .
5 january 2006
apple 's new quartz and quartz composer are the neatest technology i've seen in quite a while .
( nevermind their similarities with my own software , the waterworks . )
here i provide my own playground of video filters ( packaged as screen savers ) letting you view yourself in novel environments ( or see your favorite movies , if you do n't have a webcam . )
also available is the qPatchLib , a library of useful patches for quartz composer - including fire effects , reflective effects , etc. download current version 0.2 .
4 june 2005
Office safety is no laughing matter .
Here at Inedo , when we ’re not playing 5 - finger filet blindfolded , having backwards Aeron races down the stairs , or constructing our own plywood cubicle loft , we 're busy learning the " best practices " in the world of office safety .
And boy is there a lot to learn ; for example , did you know that BB gun fights violate OSHA guidelines ?
That said , I was thrilled when Joe Breeden sent in some scans from a mandatory Office Health & Safety seminar he recently attended .
" I wish I could say they were ' joke ' pages to lighten up the mood before the serious stuff , " Joe commented , " but they 're not .
They 're very real and Safety , Health and Environment treats matters like these very seriously . "
Click the images for a full size view .
And if that was n't enough safety for the day , Paul G shared an email he received from his company 's Health and Safety officer ...
From : **********************
Sent : 12 December 2008 10:46 To : ******* Staff Subject : Please watch where you are going
Hi all , We have had incidents of people walking into the first aid box by the Performance and reporting team , Please watch where you are walking .
To try to prevent injury to people walking into the first aid box we have placed a plant next to it , yes that means that if you are not watching where you are going you are going to have to deal with the plant before you have to deal with the big metal box on the wall .
If you still walk into the first aid box ( after walking over the plant ) then please send a complaint to the Health and Safety officers : ************, ******************* and *********************.
If you are injured by not watching where you are going , then please contact a first aider : *********************,
******************** and ********************************.
Thank you and regards , *******************
Have a safe day , and be sure to share your safety stories and advice in the comments .
Holy crap , I would like to donate $ 100 to the dude who made this billboard in hopes that he makes more .
This is by far the most amazing ad I ’ve ever seen .
Max Payne 3 is currently in development and scheduled to hit the PC , Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 this winter , Rockstar announced this morning .
Advertisement
The sequel , in development by Rockstar Vancouver , will tell the story of a retired police detective " embroiled in a world of corruption , turmoil and intense violence . "
" We 're starting a new chapter of Max 's life with this game , " said Sam Houser , Founder of Rockstar Games .
" This is Max as we 've never seen him before , a few years older , more world - weary and cynical than ever .
We experience the downward spiral of his life after the events of Max Payne 2 and witness his last chance for salvation . "
Since leaving the NYPD and New York itself behind , Max has drifted from bad to worse .
Double - crossed and a long way from home , Max is now trapped in a city full of violence and bloodshed , using his weapons and instincts in a desperate search for the truth and a way out .
Advertisement
Max Payne 3
Maks makes the Bacon Cheese Bacon Burger !
Contributed by :
You may remember Maks from such earlier creations as The Ultimate Bacon Sandwich , or his famous Bacon Cereal .
Well , the professor of Pork is at it again , and this time he 's created the Bacon Cheese Bacon Burger !
Much like you 'd mince beef to create a burger patty , Maks makes the patty from 100 % pure bacon !
From : http://www.speakeasy.org/~sjmaks/bcb/
... I struggled for months wondering how I could possibly top Bacon Cereal .
It ca n't be done , I thought .
Not possible .
Then it finally hit me : A bacon burger .
No , not a hamburger with bacon on it , but a burger whose base is ground bacon instead of ground beef .
It 's often been said that there 's a fine line between genius and insanity .
I think I 've blurred that line this time around .
[ CONTINUED ]
Nearly a year has passed since I made the mistake of making Bacon Cereal .
It was my most popular creation yet and even got me a radio interview with our friends in Canada .
I 'd like to say I 've grown wiser and matured in those past months , but you would n't be reading this if I had .
I struggled for months wondering how I could possibly top Bacon Cereal .
It ca n't be done , I thought .
Not possible .
Then it finally hit me : A bacon burger .
No , not a hamburger with bacon on it , but a burger whose base is ground bacon instead of ground beef .
It 's often been said that there 's a fine line between genius and insanity .
I think I 've blurred that line this time around .
Ingredients :
The first thing you 'll notice is two different types of bacon .
You 've got your thick sliced on the left and the traditional sliced on the right .
The thin sliced was much fattier and I thought this might be necessary to help hold the patty together and excrete bacony goodness that would become the glue of my baconburger .
I also opted for wheat buns and light Ranch dressing .
We 've all read about the health advantages of wheat bread over white bread , so that choice should be obvious .
That white bread stuff will kill ya .
Without wasting any time I began to slice the bacon into pieces roughly 1 " in width :
You 're probably wondering how I turned bacon into ground bacon .
I had initially wanted to buy a meat grinder for this , but after pricing them realized it was a little excessive for this project .
Then I remembered that I own a food processor and that should do the job just fine .
Grinding raw bacon was probably not a use my parents had thought of when they bought it for me .
You may think you 've done a lot of strange things in your life , but until you 've put slices of raw bacon into a food processor at 10:30 pm , you really have n't even scratched the surface of strange .
Without a doubt , this was the oddest experience of my life .
Even weirder than witnessing a homeless man arguing with a hot dog wrapper .
Strike that .
Pressing the " Pulse " button on my food processor and watching raw bacon being ground into tiny pieces was the strangest moment of my life .
I 'd write more , but there 's no metaphor to properly describe this experience .
After grinding over a pound of bacon , I was left with a bowl of this :
I could n't imagine that I would shortly be eating that .
It 's kind of like when you first found out what hot dogs were made of and thought you could never eat another as long as you lived .
Certainly an unsettling experience , but something we all get over .
Just like I got over looking into a bowl of ground bacon .
The next step was to form the bacon into patties .
Originally I was planning on making one monster patty , but realized it would be nearly impossible to cook it all the way through .
Raw pork and the human body do n't agree with each other so well .
So , I made two thinner patties :
The one on the right was significantly thicker than the one on the left , but I was so proud of my work that I could n't re-form them .
I decided to practice with the large patty , learn from my mistakes and ideally perfect the thinner patty .
To the best of my knowledge , nobody had done this before .
I was venturing into uncharted culinary waters .
I felt like the Christopher Columbus of bacon .
One thing I soon discovered is how horribly greasy one 's hands become when forming ground bacon into burger patties .
The only way I could 've had more grease on my hands would 've been to soak them in oil for a few hours .
It took the following cleaning supplies to remove the protective grease coating on my skin :
Here 's the first , thicker patty cooking :
As expected , the first burger was a bit of a disaster .
The patty came apart in a few places and was spitting hot grease at me continously .
It was like a king cobra defending its territory , only with hot grease instead of venom .
Tasty , tasty venom .
I was able to perfect a method of flipping the bacon patty utilizing two spatulas .
There is a lapse in pictures here .
The only explanation that I can offer up is that I had inhaled a few days worth of sodium from the cooking fumes and was not thinking straight .
I think I am the first person to have freebased bacon .
Unfortunately I do n't have any pictures of the second , thinner patty cooking .
Nor are there any pictures of the many puddles of grease on my stove that later joined forces to form a grease lake .
Without further ado , I present The Bacon Cheese Baconburger :
The final contents : baconburger patty , cheddar cheese , 2 slices of bacon , ranch dressing and fresh ground pepper .
Wait -- what 's that on the crown of the bun ?
It 's Walla Walla Sweet Onion Mustard with Smokey Bacon !
Yes , the only way to top a baconburger topped with 2 slices of bacon is with a bacon mustard .
Mustard with bacon in it .
Talk about a timesaver .
If anyone knows where to find mayo with bacon in it , please e-mail me .
If there 's one thing I 've learned in my years of bacon consumption , and I believe it 's the only thing I 've learned , is that you need a big glass of water at the ready :
What good is a burger picture without a cross section view :
I can almost smell it .
Wait , that 's just the lingering aroma in my apartment .
And finally , the obligatory empty plate picture :
I 'd like to say I 'll never attempt anything this stupid again , or that I 've learned my lesson or something else along those lines .
But I have n't .
I think I 've made it abundantly clear that I will continue to do stupid things without any regard for my health .
See you next time !
E - Mail me
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A bomb has exploded at a mosque near the town of Jamrud in the Khyber agency in north - west Pakistan , killing at least 50 people , officials say .
The top administrator in the Khyber region , Tariq Hayat , said he feared the death toll could rise to 70 .
Officials say the attack was a suicide bombing and the mosque has collapsed .
North - west Pakistan has witnessed a number of suicide attacks linked to the Taleban insurgency and also to the Shia - Sunni sectarian divide .
The attack in the village of Baghiani , about 30 km ( 20 miles ) from the Afghan border , took place as Friday prayers were beginning .
More than 70 people have been hurt .
Rescuers were at the scene digging through the rubble , pulling out bodies and injured survivors who were rushed to hospital .
' Caught fire '
The mosque was next to a tribal police checkpoint , says the BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad , and was crowded with about 250 worshippers , including many police .
In pictures : Mosque collapse Television pictures showed that the mosque had been blown to pieces .
Noor Mohammad , a policeman in the tribal region , told the BBC : " The blast took place just before the prayer leader announced the start of prayers .
" I was standing on the verandah outside the mosque because I was late and could not find space inside .
After the explosion , the doors into the mosque caught fire .
Moments later , the mosque collapsed . "
The attack came just hours before US President Barack Obama was due to unveil details of a new strategy to fight militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Pakistan 's security officials have recently concentrated forces in the Khyber region , and especially the Jamrud area , to fight militants attacking convoys carrying supplies for the Nato forces in Afghanistan .
Some reports say the operations have been co-ordinated by US intelligence officials , and security forces say they have captured or killed several al - Qaeda members in the operations .
The Khyber administrator , Tariq Hayat , said people in the area had been co-operating with security forces .
No -one has claimed responsibility for the attack , which could also be linked to disputes between local tribal militias , says our correspondent .
On Thursday , at least 10 people were killed in a suicide bombing in Jandola in South Waziristan .
That attack , at a restaurant , was blamed on rivalry between militant factions .
Officials said a group of militants opposed to Pakistan 's top Taleban commander had been in the restaurant .
At least 25 people were killed last month in a suicide bomb attack on a funeral procession in Dera Ismail Khan , a town in North - West Frontier Province , close to the semi-autonomous tribal area .
The bomber targeted the funeral of a Shia Muslim cleric who had been gunned down the day before .
The town has a history of sectarian violence between its Sunni and Shia Muslim communities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In this presentation from RubyFringe , Nick Sieger , who works on JRuby and Sun's Kenai , a project hosting site built with JRuby , talks about Jazz and Programming .
In this very well received presentation , Nick tells the audience of his time as a Jazz musician , and explains the many different styles of Jazz and their history .
He later relates these styles to the different programming languages in the industry and the software industry can learn from the Jazz scene .
Watch Nick Sieger on " Jazzers and Programmers " .
I made it a point today to drive past a Taco Bell on the north side of town to reread its sign , and this is what it said …
… which is a lot better than what it said last night when the leftmost two - thirds of its illuminating back light had burned out .
I am the Elwood Public Library patron who complained about the nativity scene .
I need help here – these people do not think the law applies to them .
Please share this information with your readers .
There is now a witch hunt against me , and I am seriously fearful of someone hurting me and my family .
Please take a look at this link :
http://www.elwoodindiana.org/elwood-library-nativity-display
If you notice the signing of the name , this is a library employee that started this .
If you read the comments , you will see what I am dealing with here .
This is the PG version of what people are saying about me .
There are other sites that people are posting to that you must have a membership to view , which are definitely rated R .
Dear Library Board :
During my visit to the Elwood Public Library on Friday , December 19 , 2008 , I noticed the library ’s nativity scene on display in one of the showcases .
Being a professional librarian with an MLS , I was curious as to why the library ’s director would permit such a display in a public library .
To get an answer to my inquiry , I decided to discuss the appropriateness of the display with the library ’s director .
I did not approach the director with the intent of demanding the display be taken down ; I simply wanted to engage in discourse with her .
I began our discussion by asking her if she thought it was appropriate for a public library to have a nativity scene on display .
She then told me that the library has had the scene on display for the last 29 years and that the library had not received any complaints .
I then told her I was there to complain .
Unlike what The Call - Leader reported on Monday , December 22 , 2008 , I did not mention the words offended or atheist .
However , the library director reported to The Call - Leader that I did use these words .
I do not know why she chose to falsely report to the media what was actually said in her office , but in doing so , she has caused me and my family a great deal of grief .
I will explain here what actually took place in the director ’s office .
After telling her I was there to complain , the library director responded by saying she was tired of me coming into her library and complaining .
Since I have never complained to the director before , I was shocked to hear her say this .
She continued her unprofessional rant by accusing me of mistreating her staff and abusing the library ’s services .
I reminded ____ that I am a professional librarian who is committed to library service ; therefore , I would never abuse the library or its staff .
Additionally , I informed her that her accusation of staff mistreatment was based on misinformation .
I explained to her the truth of what had actually happened regarding the particular situation she was referring to , but instead of listening to me , the director continued to argue .
Since I felt the director was very upset , I explained to her that I was not going to argue with her .
She responded by telling me that if I am unhappy with the library ’s services , maybe I should not visit the library .
I then held up the movie I had just checked out and explained to her that I was just looking for some entertainment .
Furthermore , I asked for the library board president ’s contact information , I encouraged her to speak with the library board about my inquiry , and I informed her that if the display was not taken down by the following Monday , I would pursue further action .
I did not enter the director ’s office with the intent of demanding the display be taken down .
My professional experience as a librarian causes me to question the legality of displaying a nativity scene within a public library , which is why I wanted to discuss the issue with a fellow professional .
It was in response to the director ’s unprofessionalism and unwillingness to engage in professional discourse that I demanded the display be removed .
I immediately contacted the board president to complain about the director ’s unprofessionalism , but since he was unavailable , I was only able to leave a message .
The board president did not return my call .
I tried to contact him again on Tuesday , December 23 , 2008 , but I was again unsuccessful .
I finally was able to reach the board president on Wednesday , December 24 , 2008 .
He informed me that he did not have time to take my complaint and that he would speak to me at an undetermined future date .
Since I have been unsuccessful at getting the board president to listen to me , I decided to write this letter to all board members .
I am requesting the library board terminate ________ from her position as library director immediately .
Not only do I make this request based on the unprofessionalism she demonstrated in her office , I also think she should be terminated for lying to the press about the conversation that took place in her office .
I never used the words offended or atheist , but she obviously felt it was appropriate to go to the press and make this false accusation .
Furthermore , I have been contacted by the Herald Bulletin for an interview about the native scene .
The discussion about the nativity scene took place between ____ and I behind closed doors .
I cannot figure out how the Herald Bulletin learned of my name or my phone number for that matter unless the library or its board members revealed this information .
As a result of ____ ’s lie about what was said in her office and the revealing of my name , my mother has received phone calls from family members questioning if what was said is true .
Her false reporting to the press has not only been a burden on me , it has been a burden on my family as well .
For these reasons , I think ________ should be terminated as the North Madison County Pubic Library System Director immediately .
When I posted about the Elwood Public Library in Indiana choosing to ignore a complaint from a patron about their nativity scene , I never dreamed I would need to address the situation again .
After all , I frequently post stories involving Christians failing to grasp the fact that America is a secular democracy where separation of church and state is the law .
I figured that this was just another example of the sort of things with which we atheists are always dealing .
Boy , was I wrong !
I 've been contacted by the library patron who made the complaint , and his story must be told .
Tyson e-mailed me after learning of my previous post .
Here is what he had to say :
The remarkable thing about this lengthy and publicly available thread of opinions is that it was started by an employee of the library !
Just imagine that for a second .
You encounter something which you suspect may be a violation of the law , and you bring it to the attention of someone in authority at the institution .
Then you discover that you have been rudely insulted in a public forum by an employee of the institution .
I know it is long , but take some time to read through the thread and see what Tyson is dealing with here .
As you read , keep in mind that all of this is happening because he dared to complain about a nativity scene in a public library supported with tax dollars .
So what exactly happened here ?
How did Tyson complain , and what is his version of the events which transpired ?
What follows is a comprehensive description provided by Tyson in a letter he wrote to the library board .
I have not edited it in any way except to remove the name of the subject of the complaint .
As bad as this all seems , it got worse - much worse .
Tyson reports that an employee of the library made his library record public in a blog post .
Not only is this highly inappropriate , but it is a crime under Indiana law .
Tyson is now asking the library board to dismiss the library 's director .
I am not sure how we can best help Tyson .
I welcome suggests in the comments thread .
How would you advise him to handle the situation from this point on ?
It seems to be that publicity is one way we can help .
We can use our blogs and our votes on the various social networking sites to spread the word about what is happening in this small Indiana town .
We can contact the library board ourselves .
Their attention could be brought to two interrelated issues : ( 1 ) nativity scenes do not belong in public libraries ( they claim Tyson was the first to complain in 29 years ; we can make sure he wo n't be the last ) , and ( 2 ) the sort of retaliation Tyson has experienced is unacceptable and should be punished .
I suspect that writing to the board about either or both of these issues might get their attention .
The Associated Press has picked up the library 's version of this story , naturally omitting Tyson 's account completely ( here is one exception ) .
Several major media outlets in Indiana are now running with the incomplete version .
If Tyson 's side is going to be told , it is up to us to tell it .
The science of aerodynamics tells us that air is a fluid with its own viscosity and inertia .
When an object such as an automobile moves through it , the object is enveloped in a thin layer known as a laminar flow .
Where the laminar airflow shears away from the surface it quickly degrades into a chaos of disordered air , or turbulence , which results in energy - sapping drag .
The longer and smoother a surface -- the more it approximates a perfect teardrop shape -- the more aerodynamically efficient an object will be .
Designing a car involves hundreds of hours of wind - tunnel analysis as engineers , making sometimes extraordinarily fine sub-millimeter adjustments , chase down excess drag , wind noise and lift .
The process is tedious but there is a certain beauty to it , as the car ’s exterior is gradually brought into harmony with the reifying , God -given properties of nature .
And then there ’s the air - hating box of ugly , the 2009 Nissan Cube .
The Cube is to aerodynamics what a collapsing bridge is to Olympic diving , what slipping on an icy sidewalk is to “ Swan Lake , ” what poached dirt on toast is to a gourmet breakfast .
It ’s a travesty , a mockery , a baleful parody of auto aerodynamics .
Nissan Motor Co. says the design was inspired by a “ bulldog in sunglasses . ”
My question : Which end is wearing the sunglasses ?
Of course , it ’s not supposed to be beautiful , if by “ beautiful ” you mean sleek , lean , porpoise - like .
That ’s a very old school , geezerly car aesthetic that simply does n’t resonate with a lot of young people .
For echo boomers and millennials born from 1980 to 1990 , beautiful is counterintuitively clumsy , affectedly unsleek , modular and angular , as in Wii consoles , iPhones and the large , squarish heads of the Jonas Brothers .
It ’s no accident that Nissan has tagged the Cube its “ mobile device . ”
To bring you up to speed a bit :
The Cube is a huge hit for Nissan in Japan , and now -- given a projected upswing in the small crossover segment in the U.S. -- the company has homologated it for the North American market .
Built on Nissan ’s B - platform chassis ( used in the Versa and Sentra ) , the Cube is powered by a 1.8 - liter , 122 - horsepower four cylinder ; offers a choice of automatic or six - speed manual transmission ; and is nicely equipped for $ 13,990 , including stability control .
Why is stability control important ?
Because the Cube is aimed at relatively inexperienced drivers , those 18 to 25 years old .
I would never let my new driver on the road without stability control .
Seriously .
What ’s fascinating to me is the psychographic opportunity Nissan thinks it has identified .
The reasoning is that many of the intended buyers -- or drivers -- will still be living at home with one or both parents .
Nissan proposes the Cube as their home away from home , their own lounge - like space to hang out with friends , decorate as they please and generally establish a base camp on the road to adulthood .
Though I am several decades beyond the target audience , I get it .
The Cube ’s interior -- the faraway windshield , the nearly vertical windshield pillars , the open seating , the airy cabin and towering headroom -- is more studio loft than economy car .
For a car only 156.7 inches in length , over a wheelbase of 99.6 inches , the Cube is Alice ’s looking glass of unexpected vastness .
There are trays and flat surfaces carved into the doors and dash , places to throw stuff .
There ’s a kind of flower - box divot built over the dash and bungee straps built into the doors to hold things such as pens , iPods , sandals . . . what - everrr .
You might think all the headroom would go to waste -- I could wear a large raccoon on my head while driving , no problem .
What I found is that with the open space , people in the back can comfortably carry on a conversation with the people in the front without feeling like they are breathing down their necks .
So the car is uniquely social , which is how the kids like their media too .
Cargo space with the rear seat down is a very utilitarian 56 cubic feet .
Meanwhile , the smoked - out rear passenger and back windows provide a serious amount of privacy .
Uh-oh .
To be sure , the Cube has some conspicuous design grace notes .
You will appreciate the rock - in - a - pond ripple motif in the cup holders , speakers and most notably the headliner .
Also notable is the side - hinged rear hatch and the asymmetric wraparound rear window .
All very cool .
The previous champion of boxiness , the Scion xB , demonstrated that -- as youth - oriented and Japan - chic as these square vehicles are -- older consumers liked them too .
Nissan expects the demand for the Cube to be bimodal , which is to say , consisting primarily of customers in the 20 - to 29 - year - old range and their parents , 45 to 59 years old .
If Dad is making the payments , is Junior going to deny him the keys ?
How does the Cube drive ?
It ’s OK .
It does n’t invite reckless abandon , that ’s for sure , but you would n’t want it to .
The model I drove , an SL with the continuously variable transmission ( automatic ) , was competently quick and effortless to drive , with good , solid brakes , comfortable ride and very tight turning radius , making it super easy to park .
But again , evaluating a car like this on its performance is like judging Bar Refaeli on her knowledge of trade policy .
With a little more money , kids can step up to the Krom package ( pronounced “ chrome ” ) , with 16 - inch alloy wheels , a thumping six - speaker stereo with iPod interface , tastier upholstery and interior lighting .
At less than $ 20,000 , the Cube Krom seems like a genuinely decent value .
With high style and an even higher coefficient of drag , the Cube seems to have what it takes to captivate the living - in - the - parents ' - basement set .
How far it will reach beyond that demographic , I ’m not sure .
It sure is boxy .
Raccoons for everybody .
--
dan.neil@latimes.com
vector < int > scores = { 89 , 76 , 98 , 93} ; //C++09
previous 10 - Minute Solution demonstrated the new initialization rules of C++09 , which enable you to initialize standard containers ( among the rest ) in the following manner :
A new constructor type called a sequence constructor makes this syntax possible .
The following sections will show how to enable the ={val1 , val2 , ...} initialization syntax by adding a sequence constructor to your homemade classes .
Unlike C++09 Standard Library containers , your homemade container classes do n't support the new initializer list syntax .
Adding a sequence constructor to your homemade container classes will allow you to initialize instances of those classes similarly to the new initializers in the C++09 Standard Library containers .
I Want C++09 Containers ' Easy Initialization
template < typename T > class MyVector { T* elements ; size_t n ; public : virtual void reserve ( size_t n ) ; //polymorphic T& operator [ ] ( int idx ) ; size_t size ( ) const ; //... } ;
Suppose you designed a polymorphic container class with certain operations that C++09 standard container classes do n't support .
In all other aspects , however , your homemade container has the same interface as a standard container :
Here 's the snag .
Unlike with standard C++09 container classes , populating a MyVector object in your homemade container is an arduous task .
You first need to default - construct MyVector and then call push_back ( ) or assign ( ) .
The following code demonstrates the difference between standard C++09 containers and homemade containers :
//easy initialization of a standard C++09 container std::vector < int > vi={5,6,7,8} ; //alas , " initializing " MyVector is tedious and bug prone int arr [ ] =
{ 0,2,4,8} ; MyVector < int > vi ; vi.assign ( arr , arr + 4 ) ;
Now suppose you want MyVector to support the same convenient initialization syntax that C++09 containers provide .
What is the secret ingredient that C++09 containers use to enable such easy initialization ?
Answer : Sequence constructors .
Cities across the world become platform for hundreds of thousands of protesters against Gaza fighting
Cities across the world became the platform for protest on Israel 's military action in Gaza today .
Organisers said more than 250,000 people marched through Spain 's capital of Madrid , with other European cities including Athens , Brussels , Rome , Naples Frankfurt , Munich and Berlin also the focal points of protesters .
The protest in Madrid was the largest of demonstrations across Europe , although there were expressions of both support and opposition for the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
Thousands of protesters take part in demonstrations in downtown Madrid on Sunday
One protester makes his feelings known at the Madrid rally on Sunday
Madrid protesters filled downtown boulevards carrying banners saying ' Peace ' and ' SOS Gaza ' placards above pictures of a red- stained hand and mock blood - spattered bodies of children .
Oscar - winning actor Javier Bardem 's mother Pilar , addressed a crowd estimated by organisers to number 250,000 .
She said : ' The Spanish government has to do something .
The Gaza Strip is now practically a concentration camp .'
' It is my duty to call on Israel to implement an immediate cease - fire , ' Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero told the protest in Ourense .
Thousands of supporters of the ' Imamia Students Organization ' participate in a rally in Islamabad , Pakistan
Protesters in Jakarta take to the streets
In Brussels , children carrying effigies of dead and bloodied babies were at the head of a march through the Belgian capital as demonstrators there also demanded a halt to Israel 's military campaign .
Protesters burned an Israeli flag during the demonstration .
In London 's Trafalgar Square , up to 15,000 demonstrators called for an end to Hamas rocket attacks on Israel and voiced support for Israeli attempts to protect the country 's citizens .
' The basic , simple goal of the people of Israel is to be allowed to live in peace , without violence , without fear , and without terror , ' Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor told crowds gathered in the British capital .
' We tell the terrorists , " enough is enough . "
They , and not us , will be defeated . '
A Philippine policeman scuffle with a student activist during a rally in front of the U.S. embassy in Manila
But in a letter published in Britain 's The Observer newspaper , 11 leading British Jews said Sunday that Israel 's government must end its military action to achieve security .
' We are concerned that rather than bringing security to Israel , a continued military offensive could strengthen extremists , destabilize the region and exacerbate tensions inside Israel with its 1 million Arab citizens , ' their letter said .
Signatories included Baroness Julia Neuberger and Rabbi Tony Bayfield , the head of Britain 's Movement for Reform Judaism .
A few thousand people in Italy marched in pro-Palestinian rallies in Rome , Naples and Verona .
In Rome , municipal authorities erased graffiti - including Stars of David and swastikas - that were scrawled on Jewish - owned stores and restaurants overnight .
A total of more than 3,000 people joined protests in support of Israel in the German cities of Frankfurt , Munich and Berlin .
In Athens , dozens of children , and their parents , carrying effigies and photos of bloodied children marched in the Greek capital to protest at continued Israeli operations in Gaza .
Other demonstrations were held in the Phillipines and Jakarta and other cities across the world .
Thousands turned up for protests in Trafalgar Square on Sunday
The demonstrations passed off peacefully compared to violence seen in London on Saturday .
Violent clashes occurred between police and around 20,000 protesters outside the Israeli Embassy - with an estimated 100,000 protesters airing their views around the city .
Windows were smashed and policemen were injured - with one officer knocked unconscious in the running battles and two requiring treatment for facial injuries .
A Starbucks coffee shop was completely wrecked as protesters went on the rampage in Kensington .
It is hoped a further demonstration today in London 's Trafalgar Square will be more peaceful as thousands of pro-Israeli demonstrators " reclaim the public space " from their political opponents .
Yesterday 's protesters - mainly young men - knocked down barriers threw missiles including eggs , red paint , sticks and shoes as 300 officers in full riot gear tried to maintain the peace .
Police try and hold back the protesters outside the Israeli embassy , Kensington , as thousands show their anger at the worsening situation in Gaza
Barriers are broken down as the protest turns ugly , with at least one police officer hospitalised by the riots
Clean - up in Kensington : Demonstrations and vigils have been held all week , reaching a crescendo of 100,000 on Saturday
There were reports that some protesters had tried to set fire to police vans .
The violence , which broke out in front of the Israeli Embassy , appeared to be led by a hard - core of masked and hooded youths .
A national demonstration against Israel 's attack marched from Speakers ' Corner at Hyde Park today to the Israeli embassy in High Street Kensington .
It was estimated there were around 100,000 protesters in total across London , including the Trafalgar Square , Hyde Park and Kensington protests .
During today 's demo , protesters waved Israeli flags and placards bearing the slogan " End Hamas Terror ! " and cheered speakers who defended Israel 's actions in Gaza .
A small group of counter - demonstrators gathered on one side of the Square chanting anti-Israeli slogans under the watchful eyes of police , attracting some retaliatory chanting from the pro-Israeli demonstrators .
Attacked : Protestors go for horse - backed officers in Kensington
A protester pushes down barriers as police try to maintain calm amid missile - throwing and window - smashing
Demonstrators let off fireworks outside the Israeli Embassy in London as they call for the fighting in the Gaza region to stop
Blood can be seen on the outside of Starbucks , with windows were smashed , and the inside was extensively damaged
Henry Grunwald , president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews told the crowd : " The atmosphere on the streets of London has been very unpleasant in the last two days , we felt it important to reclaim the public space and make our voices heard .
" Why have we turned up in such large numbers ?
We are here because we believe in peace , because we believe in life , and because we want peace in life .
" We want the people of Israel to have peace , and the people of Gaza to have peace . "
On Saturday there was a heavy police presence lining the route taken by the protesters .
Chanting ' free , free Palestine ' , the crowd was led through the streets of London by a vocal group of largely young men .
A Starbucks coffee shop in the area was stripped of chairs and had its front windows smashed , and protestors also removed fittings from the shop .
Residents living in flats above watched the scenes from their windows , and many people pleaded with police to let them out of the cordon .
At one point , the protesters were seen to throw shoes at mounted police posted in the Notting Hill area .
The march ground to a halt outside the Israeli embassy as tens of thousands of people surged past carrying placards .
At a number of points , officers asked some of the noisier and more enthusiastic protesters to ' calm down ' .
There was pushing and shoving between protesters and police in riot gear outside the embassy building .
Demonstrators chanted noisily and tossed shoes over the heads of the police ranks towards the embassy .
Demonstrators inside the Starbucks branch near the Israeli embassy in London
Demonstrators and the media scramble around each other soon after fireworks were let off in a packed High Street Kensington
Burning bush : A placard bearing a portrait of U.S. President George Bush is set alight .
There were reports of rioters trying to set police vans alight
A series of heavily policed demonstrations with up to 2,000 pro-Palestinian supporters have already been held outside the Israeli embassy in London .
Commander Bob Broadhurst said : ' A group of people on this demonstration have set out to deliberately confront and antagonise police officers trying to protect the Embassy of Israel .
' We are very disappointed by the irresponsible and criminal actions of those who have challenged police by ripping apart security barriers and throwing objects at them . '
Protestors burn placards in High Street Kensington
Flags are burnt as the protesters make their feelings known during the riots
He added : ' A hard core of demonstrators are undermining the cause of the vast majority of people on this demonstration , who are law abiding citizens wishing to protest peacefully . '
Of the three arrests , one man was held on suspicion of assaulting a police officer and another man was in custody on suspicion of aggravated trespass .
The spokesman said they were awaiting details of the third arrest .
Thousands of mostly young male protesters marched from Hyde Park to High Street Kensington
Hyde Park was also the center of protests , with thousands calling for an end to conflict in Gaza
In Edinburgh , protesters hurled about 300 shoes and red paint at the U.S. consulate in the Scottish capital .
At least three officers were injured after being attacked by a group of 60 protesters .
Pete Cannell , secretary of the Scottish Stop the War Coalition , said 10,000 attended the event .
' If we'd had a few more days it would 've been twice the size , ' he said .
' The response we got when we were handing out leaflets was overwhelming . '
A Thai Muslim steps on burning Israeli flags during a protest in Muslim province of Yala , in southern Thailand
Event organiser Nick Napier said the action was taken as a result of the ' rage and anger ' over the death toll in Gaza over the past two weeks .
' People are here because they know the trail of blood leads from Gaza back to Britain and that Gordon Brown , while publicly calling for a ceasefire , we know has instructed his diplomats in New York to support the Americans , ' he told Sky News .
A spokesman for the American Consulate declined to comment .
A South Korean protester shouts a slogan during a rally in Seoul , South Korea
Across the Irish Sea , a 5,000 - strong crowd gathered in the centre of Belfast , in a pro-Palestinian protest event organised by the Irish Congress of Trades Unions .
Belfast Lord Mayor Tom Hartley of Sinn Fein said : ' The full - scale military assault on Gaza has resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people including the slaughter of women and children .
' Our demands today are simple : The war in Gaza must end now . '
Protesters push and shove during demonstrations outside Parliament in Oslo , Norway
Elsewhere in the world , some 20,000 people took to the streets in Berlin and other German cities .
Protesters threw snowballs at two Israeli flags that hung from the windows of a house along the demonstration route , but otherwise no incidents were reported .
In Amman , Jordan , more than 2,000 took to the streets and in Syria , another 2,000 marched in a Palestinian refugee camp near Damascus shouting anti-Israeli slogans .
There were also demonstrations in the U.S. , France , Norway , Greece , Malaysia , Sweden , Bosnia , Lebanon , Thailand , South Korea and India .
Today , a ' rally to call for peace ' was held in Trafalgar Square by the Board of Deputies of British Jews .
I 'm slightly disappointed that it did n't set the record for a comic book sale overall , but it is still a very significant sale .
The book was bought by John Dolmayan , the drummer for System of a Down .
Two important points :
It 's the record for a comic book at auction , beating the Mastro Detective # 27 's longstanding record by a healthy margin
It 's the highest public sale ( auction or dealer ) and the first public sale over $ 300,000 , beating the ComicLink Batman # 1 by $ 37,000 .
One thing that obviously hurt the book is the crazy bid increments in place at Comic Connect .
I do n't know exactly how the bidding went down , but if this book had been listed at Heritage with the $ 25,000 bid increment for items over $ 300,000 it likely would n't have ended at $ 200 over the underbidder .
$ 300 k would n't have crawled to $ 317 k , it would have gone straight to $ 325 k .
Other scenarios would have earned the consignor even more ( $ 290 k > $ 310 k > $ 335 k . )
If I 'm a seller of a high ticket item I 've got to take that into account when I 'm looking for a place to consign my book .
That aside , Comic Connect did do a great job of publicizing the book and they should be commended for that .
Any exposure at this level is good for the hobby .
I just want to be able to purge those two terrible JP purchases from the top of the chart !
The same is true for stocks .
When someone buys a stock they are buying the net present value of future returns from that company .
If I buy GE stock for $ 9 a share , I am betting that the future earnings of GE exceed the price I am paying .
Because the future earnings of GE , and for that matter most U.S. corporations , are essentially the same today as they were two years ago , someone who buys GE today is a lot better off than someone who bought it in December 2007 at $ 37 a share .
Just like housing market , the fall in the stock market represents a shift in wealth from current owners to future buyers .
People who buy stocks today get the same asset for $ 3.6 trillion less than those who purchased stock at the peak of the bubble .
To be sure , the financial crisis has n't been a pretty picture for owners of stocks , houses , or other assets .
And there is no denying that some people have suffered real pain and hardship , including the millions who have lost their jobs , been evicted from their houses , or seen their retirement savings plummet .
But as painful as this situation is , it needs to be looked at for what it really is -- a transfer payment from owners to buyers -- and not what it is being portrayed as , which is a dramatic decline in societal wealth .
The real issue is who bought high and who is now able to buy low .
Generally , older people who hoped to sell their assets at high prices have been made worse off .
But do n't go clamoring for an increase in Social Security benefits for the AARP set quite yet .
For most older Americans who bought houses before 2000 , home values are exactly where they would be had the price increases between 1987 and 2002 continued in a straight line , instead of booming from 2002 to 2005 and subsequently crashing .
The same applies to equity values .
Even with the recent bear market , the S&P 500 is still higher than it would be had it increased from 1985 to the present at the rate it did from 1950 to 1985 .
Indeed , from 1980 to the present , the S&P 500 has increased in value 30 percent more than the economy as a whole .
The second set of " losers " are the rich .
The fact that the top 10 percent of American households own at least 70 percent of American assets means that the recent decline in asset prices hit the richest the hardest .
This is n't to say that most are not still well off .
While the market value of Warren Buffet 's wealth fell by a whopping $ 25 billion , he still managed to hold on to assets that are worth $ 37 billion .
The fact that the losses are concentrated among the rich and baby boomers is not a bad thing .
The last several decades have seen the wealthiest Americans get wealthier much faster than the average American .
If they lose more now , it just helps reverse a longstanding inequitable trend .
Likewise , if the collapse in stock prices means that more people now in their 50s and 60s ( including me ) have to work an extra few years before retiring , it is all to the good .
It is grossly irresponsible for the baby boom generation to expect Generations X and Y to be saddled with our national debt , our trade debt , and our infrastructure debt -- and the retirement debt created by baby boomers enjoying long retirements supported by future tax increases on their children .
So let 's stop talking about wealth loss , and let 's get to work creating the kind of world we can be proud to pass on to our children .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Sometimes people ask me , “ David , how do you know so much about pop music ? ” “ Please , ” I tell them , “ call me Dr. Thorpe . ”
I then go on to explain that as an almost superhuman genius , I contain a gigantic porous brain which soaks up every piece of pop music trivia it sees .
In the interest of knowing more than everybody else , which happens to be my forte , I spend about twelve hours a day speed - reading through huge stacks of cheap rock and roll biographies , such as “ A Farewell to Arms : The Def Leppard Story . ”
God help me , I just made a Def Leppard arm joke .
I hope nobody ’s actually reading this .
Trust me ; you do n’t want to learn everything about rock and roll .
It ’s a pain in the ass having a brain filled with worthless trivia about worthless art .
It ’s impossible to learn more about rock and roll without hating rock and roll more than before .
That ’s how I became the twisted old monster that I am today : knowing stuff .
I used to be a fresh - faced teenage genius , in love with music and in love with the world .
Then I started learning more and more ; now I see every rock band as an exotic symptom of a diseased culture , and if I could sign some sort of order to have them all thrown in a volcano , I ’d do it in an instant .
Luckily , there ’s really no actual need to know anything .
If you want to impress people with your boundless wit in the field of popular music , all you have to do is convincingly fake it .
It ’s not hard at all .
Just like anything else worth knowing , from tying a necktie to building a nuclear bomb , you can learn to do it just by reading a single stupid article on some two - bit Podunk website .
I ’ve been watching people do this for years ; it ’s impossible to have conversations about music frequently without running into quite a few sly bastards who have mastered the art of faking musical knowledge and quite a few more who are at least half - assedly attempting it .
There are a couple of main aspects to seeming more pop-savvy than you really are .
First of all , you have to break through the more - indie - than thou barrier : sometimes , people are going to bring up a band that you know nothing about , and you have to be able to beat them at their own game .
Secondly , you ’re going to have to create an air of pretentious snobbery in order to assert the superiority of your taste ( and who would know more about that than me ? ) .
Finally , you must fake a sick obsession with some sort of musical cult figure .
Once you ’ve done these things , you ’ll be virtually indistinguishable from someone who actually knows what they ’re talking about .
Part One : What to Do When You Do n’t Know Anything
If you ’re trying to come off like a musical hotshot , people are going to start poking at you a little bit to test your boundaries ; it is critically important to know how to deal with this , so I ’m putting this section first .
If you mess this up somehow , your cover is blown , you ’re back to being Ronnie Retard , and you might as well just admit to everyone that you listen to Evanescence .
A ) The importance of Double Dare .
Suppose someone says this : “ Hey , have you heard of Flop ? ” Obviously , we ’re also going to suppose that you have n’t heard of Flop , because you have n’t .
How would you react to this ?
Your first instinct might be to say “ Yeah , I ’ve definitely heard of Flop . ”
This is bad idea for many reasons : first of all , it might be a trick .
There might be no such band as Flop .
Worse yet , your interrogator might have all manner of follow - up questions about Flop , and they ’re going to be increasingly difficult to weasel your way out of .
It might also be tempting to say “ I ’ve heard of them , but I have n’t really heard their records . ”
This is a wishy - washy compromise , and it ’s an essentially meaningless answer .
Basically , the only way to win at this game is to play it like Double Dare .
You supposedly know everything about music .
They ask you about Flop : dare .
It ’s time to put them on the defensive .
“ Hmm , Flop … what label were they on ? ” Double dare .
Chances are , they do n’t know .
For all your opponent knows , you might know all about Flop , but he has failed to give you enough simple information , such as the name of their record label , for you to correctly identify them .
Even if your opponent does know what label the band in question was on , you still ca n’t lose .
“ Ah yes , ” you can say “ I am almost certain that I have a compilation released by that label that has a few Flop songs on it . ”
This at least buys some time ; the worst that can happen is that you ’ll have to go home and look up Flop on the internet ( this is known as the “ Physical Challenge ” ) .
Your opponent is foiled , and you live another day .
B ) Never let a stranger get a handle on what you like .
Next , a significantly more dangerous situation : suppose that someone unfamiliar asks you “ So , what bands do you listen to ? ”
Obviously , if you do n’t know the person ’s taste well enough , you ca n’t tell him what bands you actually listen to .
When you ’re faking your knowledge of music , that ’s a huge risk ; for all you know , the bands you listen to are complete shit in this guy ’s eyes .
Luckily , there ’s a simple way out .
Make up a band .
This might seem dangerous , but if you do it right it ’s a lifesaver .
There are , however , a couple of tricks to it .
Firstly , the name has to be plausible .
Do n’t say “ The Magnificent Penis Rangers , ” because that sounds like a fake band .
Do n’t say something overly simple , like “ The Trolls , ” because it ’s too likely that it ’s actually the name of a real band .
Come up with something esoteric and meaningless , like “ The Alabaster Swans ” or “ Cornbread Farm . ”
No matter how much your opponent knows , he can’t call you on it .
What is he going to say ?
“ I know about every band , and Cornbread Farm is n’t one of them ! ” ?
All your opponent can do is either acknowledge that he has n’t heard of Cornbread Farm or press you for more information .
This is where the second important aspect of it comes in : have at least a rudimentary biography built up for this band .
What years were the active ?
Try the early Eighties ; it ’s far enough back that their records might not be out on CD and the internet might come up clean for information on them .
What label were they on ?
Make one up : Catbird records .
What sort of music did they make ?
Mix up a bunch of unrelated terms until you get one that sounds acceptable : proto - shoegaze jangle - pop .
If you want to put some icing on the cake , make up a critic who loves them .
“ Cornbread Farm is actually John Simon Dodge ’s favorite band .
He talks about them at length in his book . ”
This will make your opponent feel clueless and poorly read .
Part Two : How to Be a Bastard
Faking factual knowledge of music is one thing , but you have n’t got the complete package until you also know how to be a snob about it .
One of the most important aspects of fake snobbery is never to let on that you like anything .
You may have noticed in my articles that I rarely admit without bitter sarcasm that I actually like anything ; this is because I am a real snob , but faking it is n’t too hard .
Remember : conversations about music are n’t really about music , they ’re about you .
Always steer your conversations toward your own personal taste .
In this case “ taste ” just means “ superiority . ”
You ca n’t help it if your standards are too high .
A ) There ’s no such thing as a straight compliment .
Never bring up a band you like without a backhanded compliment .
This is extremely useful , because if the person you ’re talking to hates the band , they will assume that you ’re smart enough to dislike them too .
If they like the band , they will assume that you like them a little bit as well , but you ’re simply too cool to like them all the way .
For example , if you ’re the kind of irreparable idiot who listens to Muse , you might say “ Muse really have their sound figured out .
I guess that happens when you make the exact same record three times . ”
Even if you enjoy a rock band , you enjoy them despite their glaring flaws .
B ) Nothing is as good as it used to be .
Remember :
You preferred their first album .
They totally sold out .
They were better before the original guitarist left .
They ’re just a rip - off of Big Star anyway .
Keep in mind that rock and roll has been in a continuous state of decline for the past 30 years or so .
Every band just gets worse and worse until they collapse under the weight of their own failure .
Every band is essentially an inferior version of an older band .
Even if a band used to be a good , they suck now .
They ’ve sucked for years .
They ’ll never get their old spark back .
You might as well give up on them , because they ’re just a grotesque parody of their former selves .
Does this mean you should start liking older rock ?
Certainly not !
Everything made before 1978 is primitive , uncool , and culturally irrelevant .
C ) Every genre is artless , boring , lame , or pretentious .
Personally , you ca n’t understand how anybody could listen to something so tedious , pretentious and masturbatory as progressive rock .
Does this mean you prefer punk ?
No !
Punk is for tin-eared plebeians and retarded , politically clueless teenagers .
Electronic music is for boring white geeks with no souls .
Jam bands are for burned - out stoner hippies .
Industrial music is for Dungeons & Dragons - playing social rejects in trench coats .
D )
If anyone ’s heard of it , it ’s crap .
Nothing can possibly get on the radio or on MTV without being watered - down for easy consumption by frat - boys , hicks , and teeny - boppers .
Anyone who owns a radio and has it tuned to anything but the local pirate radio station or college station is a reprehensible consumer whore who would n’t know art if he ran face - first into Michelangelo ’s David .
Pop music is for children and yahoos .
E ) If nobody ’s heard of it , it ’s crap .
The kids who do shows on the local pirate radio station or college station are a bunch of idiot scenesters with an infantile and ridiculous fear of pop music .
Unable to appreciate pop music on its own terms , they turn instead to tuneless indie crap and ridiculous obscurity pissing - contests .
The shit they play has no standard of quality ; maybe that ’s why only fifty people bought it .
Part Three : Hitching Your Wagon
This aspect of being a fake music geek is perhaps the trickiest and most dangerous part , because it will open you up for criticism .
I ’d recommend that you stick to the first two sections of this guide for quite some time before you even attempt this , because it ’s not for beginners .
Basically , you need to find some band or artist with a cult following to fake an obsession with .
If you ’re in a political party , you have to hitch your wagon to your party ’s candidate , despite his flaws .
If you ’re religious , you have to accept your God despite your doubts .
If you ’re going to make a convincing music expert , you ’re eventually going to have to latch on to a cult figure and defend him or her vehemently at every turn .
Do n’t ask me why .
You just have to .
If you do n’t have a sick devotion to some strange and inscrutable artist , all the real music geeks will eventually be able to smell your deception .
You do n’t even necessarily have to pick a good artist , but you have to pick one .
Find somebody with a broad and varied body of work , because you ’re going to have to at least pretend to own a bunch of their records .
A ) Pick an artist of medium obscurity .
Picking the right one is a difficult task , and pretending to like them is going to have its consequences .
If you pick a widely - known cult hero like Morrissey or Elvis Costello , you might accidentally meet another fan and have to pretend to know things about the artist .
Unless you ’ve done your homework , your ignorance will be exposed .
If you pretend to like somebody more obscure , like Captain Beefheart or Scott Walker , people may fail to be suitably impressed by your slavish devotion due to their ignorance of the artist ’s body of work .
I would recommend picking an artist of medium cult status , like Mike Patton of Faith No More and Mr. Bungle ; he ’s involved in so many worthless side - projects that you could easily evade his fans in a verbal maze of made - up album names and non-existent collaborations .
B ) Become frighteningly obsessed .
Once you ’ve picked your cult hero , the only thing left to do is bring him up in every single music conversation .
Compare every other artist unfavorably to your hero .
Lament the fact that your hero has “ lost it ” and “ will probably never get it back , ” but express your opinion that his early body of work is enough to counterbalance any mediocre material he may have released later .
Your hero is the only one who ever really got it right , and as long as you live you ’ll never see another artist like him .
I hope this brief guide to pretending to be as smart as me has been useful to you .
I ’m sure you ’ll all have fun impressing your friends with your newfound knowledge of rock and roll .
I ’ve tried to outline the basics , but if you can think of any more particularly good methods for pretending to know about music , send me an e-mail at davidthorpe@somethingawful.com with the subject “ How to Fake It . ”
Any particularly funny or useful advice might later be added to an addendum to this article , if I ever get around to reading my mail .
– Dr. David Thorpe ( @Arr )
